user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,315840,14568996,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sid1120,"I have been playing this game for 15mins. It's hilarious!The controls are very good and responsive, which is a must for this type of game...Because it's also unforgiving.Not because it's stupidly unforgiving, but because there's just SO many unexpected ways you can interact with items... and die.Now, onto some of my favorite deaths:#1   I manage to jump and swim across a pond full of piranaes.- Haha, look at them. They're biting and still looking at the edge of the water, mad that I managed to make it across!*Piranae picks up speed and jumps out of the water into my face*   X_X#2   Hmm, a pounding trap... let's see if I can activate it using my slime!- Yes! Ah crap, now the trap is glued to the bottom of the shaft, preventing me from passing...- I wonder if I can unglue it by jumping on it and hitting the chain repeatedly- Oh oh, its unstuck and coming back my way   X_X#3   Sweet, I just killed this orc thing.Let's loot it!- Ooops, I ate it. Only the bones remain.- Okay, what's up with these bones... let's eat them too?X_X   Died from choking on the bones.10/10, would die from choking on bones again."
76561198164107194,Recommended,315840,17186768,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,OceanPuddles,"HARDCORE DEATHS, WILL DIE HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF TIMES.Hands down this is the best roguelike Ive played. Extremely polished for an ALPHA game and very, very addicting. I keep getting sucked back in for more death. While the updates may come slow, there is actual tons of things for you to play with, mix, discover, and most certainly be killed by. The Catacombs are a well meshed ecosystem of creatures, devices, and tools of survival.Utilizing all your cunning, skills, and the even the environment against your foes, maybe youll reach the ANTICROPOLIS!Now get in there and have fun dying."
,Recommended,315840,32183215,Posted: 4 June,all,Fishsticks,"I own several of these little pixel based, platforming, dungeon exploring roguelites.   There is something really special though about Catacomb Kids that I can't quite place my finger on.  Not sure if it's the fun physics, superior combat, interesting magic, complex items, tense exploring, or cool soundtrack.  Perhaps just the overall feel of the game pushes CK above and beyond the rest in its class.  Armor and wearable items actually changing the appearance of your pixel character, torch stands falling over and igniting enemies, throwing potions on baddies to learn their effects, and the ability to flavor a dead rat with hot sauce for some extra flavor are just a few prime examples of developer inguinity.  It's these small details and great mechanics that show the love the developer is putting into this game.CK is a great rougelike cake with plenty of frosting and I'm excited to see how the entire game pans out.  My only warning would be if you are a casual gamers and don't enjoy extremely challenging games you may want to rethink or watch some let's play videos first! Personally I love a challenge and it keeps me highly entertained.P.S.  Caveblazers, Spelunky, Towerclimb, and Vagante are similar titles you should check out as well if you haven't already done so.   Happy Gaming! :-)"
76561197993777365,Recommended,315840,18590665,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gaston Beton,"A thing people always loved about those cranky old-school ROGUELIKES was the fact that the worlds they presented adhered to rules and could therefore ""play on their own"". A foe could find a flask of poison you dropped, try it and die. A monkey could steal a bomb from your backpack, run away and explode around the corner, taking an enemy with him. That kind of thing. The game that REALLY popularized this concept was SPELUNKY and, I'm sorry to say, it has also soured games for me since. Many games following SPELUNKY'S example misunderstood this concept and bludgeoned the player with sheer randomness: BROFORCE is the pinnacle of this sorry development. Not a fan.Anyways, CATACOMB KIDS gets it right. It gets it 100% right. Here's what happened today. I found a flask and ran into three Grumbuls. Even one of these dudes is a challenge - they fight smartly and chug potions to boost their skills - but three were a death sentence. I panicked and threw the potion at them - and I was really lucky because it turned out to be a potion of flames. One of the Grumbuls went down, another jumped into a lake to douse the flames and was eaten by pirahnas. The third attacked and I threw a ball of slimy goo in his face. He couldn't see me, so I charged, tripped a trap and killed us both while screaming BANZAIII.CATACOMB KIDS. Never change. So good."
,Recommended,315840,14586325,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ShacknastyNick,"I can't express how happy I am that this game has finally made it to steam. I missed the kickstarter so I have been twiddling my thumbs and biting my nails in anticitpation since the day I first saw gameplay. This game hits all the sweets spots when it comes to my criteria for rouge-likes. Lot's of random/procedural goodness, stats, classes, weapons, enemies, clever traps, etc. There is even a brilliant implimentation of some basic physics built into the game which you must strategize with and use to your advantage. The aspect that really makes Catacomb Kids stand out are the small details that add comlexity to such a simple platformer, for example, I discovered that when you are weilding a magic dagger of electricity, jumping into a pool of water will (for now obvious reasons) f***k you up. Another neat mechanic is your food pallet. Eating certain combinations of enemy corpses will have varrying effects. There's tons of small details like these that just gives the game charm and character.Overall I'm super excited to see how things will progress and just how active the devs will be. The price is a bit steep but I don't regret buying the game. In it's current state it is 100% playable and the most fun I've had with a game this year. My pros/cons:Pros:-Hard as nails (in a challenging/fair way)-Proceduraly generated goodness-Great pixel-esque graphics and wonderful sound-Controls are really tight and dialed in (playing on a 360 controller)-Good varriation of weapons/loot/potions-The one boss that I've made it to was really badass-Lots of depth in the game mechanics and strategizing is a must-The exploding trap is really clever and I've never seen it in another gameCons:-As of right now the level layouts and room/combinations repeat quite a bit-At first the menu and gameplay were really confusing and the tutorial was buggy and confusing as well-Only 2 classes at the moment (obviously I know this will change)-Spells are fairly limited as well-Minor game mechanics that need tweaked/balanced-All the other expected buggy things/ lag spikes that come with an Alpha build"
,Recommended,315840,15189441,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,deathdogdinosaur,"a grumble cut my arm off, so i picked it up and ate it to show him what kind of ♥♥♥♥er he was messing with"
76561198013372350,Recommended,315840,14566314,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Can'tstopthinkingaboutit,"A genuinely fun, if unforgiving, roguelite platformer, Catacomb Kids is a seemingly simple game with excellent gameplay, good atmosphere, and a really neat soundtrack. It is still very much an alpha at the time of this writing, so I would recommend waiting if you're concerned."
,Recommended,315840,22258705,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,"Vagante's older Brother.  Catacombs Kids expects you to become a real MacGyver, to make the most out of what you got to get through each level. This is where the game truly shines. You can't just steamroll through everything. Sometimes your ingenuity will get you further into the game than pure strenght. Knowing the strenghts and weaknesses of your character, you must assess the situation and sometimes act quick to get through certain areas.  When you do kill enemies or get through the level by using your head, it feels extremely rewarding.I am so glad i bought this and Vagante as both provide a kind of different experience but ultimately both are very fun."
,Recommended,315840,17915402,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Wakarimasen,"I absolutely *love* this game, early access though it may be.It's *brutal*. It's not uncommon to roll away from an enemy and straight onto some spikes within seconds of starting the game.But it's *fun*. It's like Spelunky (you HAVE played Spelunky, haven't you?) except with some traditional action RPG elements like classes, equipment, skills and attributes, and it makes for lots of intriguing possibilities.Maybe you play as a Wanderer, and you pick up the first Grumbul corpse you find, hold down V to track the Grumbuls. You find the leveling orb and level up Intelligence and choose Trajectory. You aim the first mystery potion you have at a pair of Grumbuls, but it's a potion of might! Fortunately, you also knocked over a sconce and set the floor on fire. One of them makes a beeline for you, so you run like mad. Fortunately, you chose Boots of Gossamer and you don't trip the pressure plate, but the Grumbul does... but not slow enough to get caught by it. It hits you for two health out of your four and sets you on fire. You roll into water to put the fire out and then jump out of the water, but not before a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off fishana jumps out of the water and takes your final health point.Maybe you play as a poet, and you chance it with three health. You learn the Double Jump spell (it's a spell in this game!) and find another Magic In Motion spellbook. You hold C to learn that one, too, but click on the middle, which gives you the floating book skill ""Otherblink"". You get the leveling orb and choose Strength with the skill Heavy Lifting, which lets you lift boulders around, one of the more satisfying ways of killing enemies. You accidentally come across three Grumbuls and hightail it out of there, only to end up in a chamber with lava on the bottom and little room to maneuver. You hit V a few times as your pursuers get closer and it Otherblinks two of them into the lava. You deliberately click a trap and a weight comes smashing down, and you jump up and ride up, but make sure to jump out before you're flattened. You hunt and consume five green goos and overheal for three points but get poisoned by mushroom gas. You hightail it to the exit door, snapping a line which fills the area with flammable gas and lights it. You barely avoid it, but out of curiosity, hang around in the gas caused by another potion that got too got and evaporated. Ugh! Getting zapped! But since it's from a gas, it doesn't last as long. Wow, there's the door. I actually made it to level 2 this time?Part of the fun is that it's *really* hard to tank this game. You can often win against the occasional Grumbul, but you have to be really strategic if you want to survive. The Grumbuls in later levels are often special - fire-resistant, poison-spewing or extra strong and you might want to really plan out your attack.Even in the character creation, you have to compromise a great deal. If you're willing to take on negative traits such as clumsiness, bad swimmer, loud, messy eater or hates <weapon type>, you can get more health and magic, but the negatives can really trip you up. Choosing a character with a damaged weapon can do the same, but you had better find a good weapon soon - some damaged starter weapons have difficulty even hurting goos.Some elements of the game are just a joy. There's something satisfying about shaking a chest open instead of the usual game mechanic of opening the lid. Throwing dead Grumbuls into the water will totally distract the fish. Throwing a dead slime at a Grumbul will splat and cover its eyes for a couple of [precious] seconds. Some lifeforms in the dungeon♥♥♥♥♥♥each other off and you can use this to your advantage, especially later in the game.Really looking forward to more development. It takes quite a while between releases, it seems, but they are jam-packed with stuff.I hope they make a class that's better with traps, even if there are other compromises, because sometimes, I need a break from dying on spikes :)(Though note: if you choose Defense twice, you can choose a trait that prevents one-shot kills if your health is >75%. Thoughtful :) )"
,Recommended,315840,14570448,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SyrianSloth,"There was 4 of us to begin withWe entered the dungeon, came out of the door one by one, the first to go met his fate when an axe swinging back and forth from the ceiling almost cut off his head, he rolled under it just in time, went off the edge because of his roll, and straight into some spikes off the side of the edgeThere were 3The Second to go had found a fancy chest, but it was to dangerous of an area to open it in, he grabbed the chest and brought it with him until it was safe, but the first gap he came across he tried to jump, he fell into spikes AND triggered a pressure plate which sent a hammer flying down and squishing his already dead body.There were 2He opened the door confidentally while i stood back watching him, he rolled into the room and was surrounded by tons of monsters and met his makerThere was meI had 1 health, i rolled through a bunch of monsters, opened a door and before the monsters could get through i closed it, i was safe, i found a dead body, and i was screwed any other way so, i ate the body in hopes food would help me heal, i started eating anything edible i could find until i found a skull, i shrugged, bit into it, and choked on a bone.There were noneThis game is very unforgiving and hard to get used to, but very rewarding if you play well, i give this game in its current state an 8/10"
76561198095082924,Recommended,315840,24926661,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,insomnimania,"Just bought this game today and I am ecstatic that I did. This is the 'rogue-like' I've been looking for. So many games state they're 'rogue-like' just because they have perma-death and pixel graphics. This is one, if not the most, truly 'rogue-like' experiences I've ever had in a game. So many examples of this and I""ve only been playing 3 hours! These enemies don't simply come at you and attack in a predictable pattern. You can throw a certain potion at an enemy, they burst into flames, look for a pool of water, jump in, put the flames out, and come after you. I've had enemies, after getting hit, run off screen, grab some buddies and come after me. I've seen them realize I'm winning and run out of the dungeon completely, etc., etc. The enemy AI is like nothing I've ever experienced in a game of this type - They dodge, hide, go to another room, wait for you to turn your back or expose a vulnerability, and pounce on you, etc, etc. I'm going on and on, but this game is truly a mind-blowing experience. I've started a fire, threw a potion in that then creates a gas which then made me ethereal. I've done the same and been poisoned on other runs. Fish jump out of the water if you stand too close. I've knocked enemies into the piranhas, and they get stripped to the bone just like they'd do to me, and on and on. The environments are just as dynamic as the enemies. You can even craft food!  I feel like I've only just barely scratched the surface with this game, and there's so much unexpected in literally every run. Death is frequent (sometimes in just a few seconds), but I just made it to level 3 and it felt like a huge accomplishment for me. Death is never not follwed by laughter. No matter how many times I've died, I've never rage-quit. It's one of those magical games that forces you to do 'just one more run!' You could play this game for hours or for 15 minutes and have a blast regardless. The controls are very tight, the graphics are great and with every single run, keeps me on my toes and keeps me guessing. This game is an absolute pleasure and a total blast! If you've been looking for an absolutely true rogue-like like you've never played before, but always craved, get this now! If you HAVE played one like this before, please tell me about it so I can get it next!"
76561198032587351,Recommended,315840,14567228,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,jetman28,"This game is tough. Like it will rend you a new behind, tough. It tests your intelligence, skill, and overall ability as you fight the myrid of opponents the Catacombs have to offer. I am new and have been killed by a slime 6 times and by falling into darkness that lead to spikes 4 times. Despite the deaths I still want to play, it is that kind of game, the kind that keeps pushing you down but regardless you keep getting back up. The developer Fourbitfriday truely has put his love in this game. So if you like platformers that have RPG elements and are very difficult going in, then this game is for you. I myself shall continue to explore those Catacombs and fight the Grumbuls and other monsters it has to offer."
,Recommended,315840,14582639,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ayden,"Before the review, I'd like to say this is my first time reviewing any game, and I have been hyped for this game since 2013, so this review may be slightly biased.Where to start... most things about this game are excellent! The controls are excellent IF you use a controller (I'll get into that later), the enemies are really fun to fight, the combat feels pretty nice, and mechanics are what makes this game stand out.About the controls, I say it's excellent with a controller because the keyboard is a little weird, however that's just my opinion. It's not unmanagable though, and if you prefer keyboard, go for it!The enemies are really interesting, since the grumbles, which are the main enemies, tend to have a lot of health, however are easily predictable. The slimes, goos, and byats are all easy meals, which is great. When you descend deeper, more types of enemies start to appear, making the game a little more difficult each floor.The combat is something that made this game really great. With blocking, rolling, parrying, and dismemberment, you have tons of options. There are a variety of melee weapons, aswell as tomes for those who prefer the mage class. Speaking of tomes, the spells in this game are each unique, and are all good in their own way.The mechanics, however, are what makes this game what it is. For example, you can heat up a boulder using a fire spell, then push it into water, pick up a poison mushroom and cook it, ridding the poison and making it safe to eat. You can beat enemies to death, create distractions, or activate traps or switches with JUST a rock! You can melt balls of slime or goo, and consume them for health, or use them as weapons against grumbles by blinding them. You can knock over torches and create a fire, burning enemies in the vicinity. Plus how each kid is randomized with different traits just adds more variety to this game!That's the end of this review. Keep in mind, this is my first one, and it may not be clear. If you're interested in difficult, but fun rogue-likes, you'll definitely want to pick this game up. 9/10."
76561198044379476,Recommended,315840,14593109,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,N8Mate,"This game is unforgiving. Although no mouse support, gamepad support is present and I am yet to try this. Controls can be remapped, especially as jump on Z is annoying.Like the top review, A LOT of funny playthroughs have happened in my short play time.1) You can jump on things to kill them. I jumped on a poisonous mushroom to destroy it... which launched me into a swinging trap. No more leg. I landed in a lake with pirahnas. Dead.2) Ate a troll thing. Survived. Ate another troll thing. Got poisoned. Ate is bones. Choked and died.3) Drank a clear potion. Turned into a block of ice and died.4) Drank an orange potion. Poisoned and got killed by a flipping bat.Many ways to die."
,Recommended,315840,17422569,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,⸎peth,"Insane fun, incredible difficulty, awesome pixel art, active devs.. A+++Plus its fun saying ""Cat-Kids"""
,Recommended,315840,14568511,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,original meme name,"Tough, unforgiving, and death is often. Rewards players who think about their surroundings instead of rushing head-first into the room full of baddies. I'd say it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,315840,15736284,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,majikthise,"This game is so mean to me, but I love it! I've been slimed, decapitated, torn to shreds, burnt, poisoned, drowned, poisoned and drowned at the same time, burned to death with my own spells, burned to death after knocking over a torch, burned to death after incenerating a goblin, only to have him start me on fire, and many more.Fastest death so far? 3 seconds after spawning (yep, my fault). Longest lived character? Probably 40 minutes and I was DAMN PROUD!!Hard as it is, it's totally fair. Each of my deaths was due to inexperience, rushing in without looking, panicking and mashing the attack button instead of timing it, mis-timing a jump, or (most frequently) losing a fight due to poor strategy or timing. The battles can be pretty epic, especially once your skill level rises and you can be more creative with your combat choices. Early on you'll be happy you lived at all.There's something about the way permadeath is done in this game that makes it fun and very compelling. Part of this might be due to the fact it's only in Alpha 0.0.9 and is extraordinarily fast & responsive, and impressively bug-free for such an early version.There are a couple issues I'd like to see fixed. The jump mechanic can be a little wonky. If you jump into a wall with a ladder on it, you'll stick to wherever you hit on the wall as long as (a) there's a ladder there, and (b) you're still pushing left or right on your controller. However, if you roll the controller UP as you reach the wall (a natural movement, since you'll be wanting to go up the moment you get there), then you will not stick to the wall and instead fall back to the ground.Lastly, a wired XBOX controller makes a HUGE difference -- it's much easier than the keyboard for this game -- but the controller bindings don't work for OSX. I ended up buying ControllerMate for OSX and then programming it to match the KBD1 key bindings.  The game doesn't seem to actually recognize the controller; it works because ControllerMate converts each button press to an equivalent key binding.Overall, if you like dungeon crawlers of any type, this may end up being your favorite."
76561198061913882,Recommended,315840,18205187,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Chalix,"First this game is still in Early Acces but it feels already pretty finished. There are NO awful bugs and the game runs pretty well. Furthermore the developers are constantly working on the game and they are very close to thecommunity(https://www.reddit.com/r/CatacombKids/new/) as you can see here.There is enough content to play hundreds of hours or even more and not only because it is a rouge-like. Catacomb Kids has so many possible ways to play. On every new run you can try someting new and so its never get boring. For example there are five different weapon classes(Hammers, Swords, Daggers, Spears, Axes) and each weapon class splits into six differnt typs. And those are just the weapons, there are also magic, armor, skills for each weapon class and so on. This game can be incomprehensibly complex, but this is the point why Catacomb Kids makes so much fun! Though you have to invest some time to understand everything and get into. And yes the game is really hard and you will fail at the beginning however its a part of the game and you will love it.The graphics are functional that is clear. But the Pixelart has its charm and the game looks in his own way very beautiful.So just buy this piece of software and have fun! You won't regret it :D"
76561197995928059,Recommended,315840,14714858,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Chicory Blue,"Catacomb Kids is a real-time roguelike platformer that draws more than a few cues from Spelunky, but approaches the genre in a manner all its own, resulting in a game that mashes roleplaying elements with platforming and inevitable death with a suprising degree of depth and tact.Fromt the start, Catacomb Kids serves up a generous helping of character diversity, with two (and eventually six) different classes to choose from in the beginning, and an infinite pool of randomly-rolled characters with entirely different starting stats and equipment within each class, not to mention a randomly-generated appearance and name, just to reinforce how different each of your runs will be. Even in the game's current incarnation, the Bully and Poet classes offer an entirely different gameplay experience from the start, and even then, a vividly different experience depending on whether your chosen victi-er, ""hero"" is, say a clumsy, hammer-wielding powerhouse, a sneaky spear specialist, or a notorously messy eater who apparently realy likes daggers.It only gets deeper from there, as progressing through each dungeon will yield such familiar roguelike experiences like identifying randomized potions, looting and eating fallen foes (for health and stat bonuses- there is no ""hunger"" stat), and learning your choice of spells from whichever magical tomes happen to be lying about. There is no ""experience,"" either, at least in the traditonal sense, and level-ups are gained through locating a special orb that appears once per floor, meaning exploration takes the place of grinding, and combat is largely optional if you can navigate around it (unless you're interested in pilfering your fallen foes' gear and potions). Mind you, certain kids may possess a stat that enables them to gain experience in the use of specific weapons, but this is a circumstancial occurrence.Each gained level nets you a point in a stat of your choice, followed by a character perk in that stat's as-of-yet invisible tree of skills, confering special abilities like charging your attacks, aiming your throws, and trampling your foes as you sprint through them, so by and large each of your runs will yield a very different character indeed.It's almost sad, then, that for all this depth, each individual run is painfully short- and I use the term ""painfully"" on purpose. Like Spelunky, Catacomb Kids' levels have a single-minded interest in making your hapless dungeonman perish in whatever brutal way it can, sparing no expense in its ""hidden deathtraps"" budget, as well as pitting you against some fairly ruthless foes. Even mundane accidents like bringing electric-enchanted gear into the water, knocking over a torch and lighting the room ablaze, and choking on a bone while dining on your last meal will bring you down swiftly and mercilessly.This is at once Catacomb Kids' primary appeal and its weakness- with no time limit for traversing each floor, players are free to take full advantage of the game's depth in fine-tuning their character's stats, equipment and spells to take their best shot at each obstacle as it arises, but ultimately, all that work can be undone in an instant, and more often than not, it will, over and over again, with individual runs rarely lasting more than a scant few minutes until players have built up some considerable skills (at which point, runs will -occasionally- last more than a scant few minutes).For those who prefer a quick and visceral experience that doesn't feel like they're losing too much progress with each death, Catacomb Kids is an outstanding coffee-break game, and for those who want to feel like death is lurking around every corner and every moment of continued existence is a victory in itself, Catacomb Kids is a blissful challenge. However, for those who'd prefer to sit for an hour or two delving as deep into the dungeon as they can, Catacomb Kids' death-after-death-after-death gameplay grows stale rather quickly in its current two-class, one-environment state.Still, to say this game has potential is an understatement- with an original and genuinely fun character progression system that's simple to comprehend and deep enough to play with at length, combat mechanics that are at once bluntly simple to learn yet intricately challenging to master, and a decidedly different character emerging with every run, Catacomb Kids has the makings of everything we love about Spelunky, The Binding of Isaac, FTL, and other genre-defining romps through random peril into the loving arms of near-certain demise.If you've got a short attention span and a death wish, this game's definitely worth a play, and likely only getting better from here."
,Recommended,315840,30985931,Posted: 6 April,all,Gay Fax,"Awesome rogulite arcade with RPG elements. Very hard, very addictive. For the gamepad only.Pros:+ AI (yay enemies can run away from you and can cooperate for killing you)+ Random generator (I never see copy/paste dungeons)+ Gameplay+ Sounds and atmospheric music+ Daily runsCons for newbies:- You will die again and again, no one can help you if you have no brain.- Bosses (YOU HAVE ONLY ONE CHANCE TO WIN, if you have no luck or skills - you die)Cons for another people:- It is just an alpha but it playable so muchBought this game long time ago and after I bought a gamepad I opened for myself this beautiful gem.Recommend! Buy it!"
,Recommended,315840,24736793,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,erendor,"Amazing game, with some really intricate and deep mechanics (reminiscent of Nethack and similar things).  Also incredibly difficult - I die /constantly/, but that's just part of the fun!"
,Recommended,315840,25168933,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mint,"At the time of writing this, the game is currently in Alpha and not completed. If you're looking for a game that's completed then you're sure to be sorely disapointed, however I've sunk nearly 80 hours so far and I'm thoroughly enjoying what the game has to offer, as well as being aggravated when I occassionally die to something I deem unfair or a bug (Ex. the flimsy detection on the weight trap can kill you if you're too close to the ledge even if you're not near it)Pros:-Loads of stuff to discover-Lots of replayability-Neat bosses-Fast combat-Skill, reaction timing and overall knowledge is king-Game is very crazy, especially with multiple enemies on screen-Features some of the best AI I've seen in a game this complex.-Magic is varied and very, very cool.-Perks are also pretty cool and mix and match to do even cooler things.-Enemies do things when you're not around and aren't just trying to kill youCons:-Can be very buggy or just unfair at times, with some rooms being designed with no way out-Runs can end because of hard RNG-Some weapons simply can not compete with others it feels-It's easy to die over small things-Most equipment in the game feels worthless and it becomes tedious to look through it all-There's no way to get rid of the ""Hates (weapon)"" negative trait-A good fair amount of gear from treasure chests feel underwhelming, especially when some rare chests require you to put your life on the line for them-It's very rare that I have to stop to think which perk I want-Some starting perks (Magic shoes) can kill you or are not wanted-It's hard to tell what armor an enemy has on, if at all, especially in the heat of battle, which can lead to your deathA lot of my complaints are from the game being in Alpha. That being said I love this game and it's a solid indie game. I can't get enough of it and it's consuming my life. I love it's randomness, it's crazy moments where I walk into a room and enemies are on fire already, chasing a rat and suddenly 5 giant weights fall from the sky and kill them all.I love being able to outwit enemies. I love being able to create some crazy build and becoming unstoppable only to not notice I'm stuck in poison, get knocked down to 1 HP and have a turret fire at a bat or somthing and miss, hit a pillar and fall down onto me, killing me.It's crazy. It's insane. If you're willing to put up with it's issues it's a game that's well worth the money and your time.Edit: Some of the issues I had with this game were fixed from the community being more active (Wiki is now updating!) or the new update that hit just recently. Some of the issues listed may have been fixed such as the level design, but I have yet to play enough to judge on that, especially since it was a rare issue to begin with. I also fixed up some of the redundancy in the review, which made my cons look much bigger than they actually were."
76561198064833535,Recommended,315840,29122889,Posted: 8 January,all,imnickio2,"This is likely in my top 5 favorite games ever. 11/10, could not recommend more. Very vocal and helpful developer, focus on using the enviroment to your advantage, and super rewarding learning curve. I have 80+ hours so far and I'm still loving every second, not to mention less than half the game is done yet."
,Recommended,315840,17290963,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sweetjer,"It wasn't until now, dying once again to the Reaper, that I decided to write a review. You'd think this would come after finally defeating him -- but I still haven't. I just had my best chance and blew it, and it was truly awesome. I'm not great at platformers at all, but this game is difficult. Yet, unlike, say, Dark Souls (not really a platformer -- I know, shhhh), it always feels fair. Not at first, no. At first it's going to feel like you're bouncing down a flight of stairs, and once he adds stairs you probably will. But eventually you'll understand the various complexities of what makes a good build and how to navigate the world without dying. How to navigate quickly, eventually. And how to find, after hours and hours, the thing that's truly exciting about this game. That shot of adrenaline.I might play a 20 minute session or two hours. For instance, I spent more time writing this than I did on the run that inspired me to write this. But it's not a casual game in the slightest. It's unforgiving.I can't wait to see what classes he adds next and what other weird systems he'll introduce. I haven't felt that way about an EA game in a while. Most of the time I just sit tight and hope for the best. In this case, I check daily to see if the new build is out, because I know there's a new class in it (Wanderer).Use a controller.I hope it gets optimized as it goes, since it starts to chug a bit on my Mac around Floor 3. My gaming PC handles it fine though, so (shrug).There's not a ton of content just yet, but I've been entertained for almost 30 hours over the past few months by it, and I expect to play a lot more as it grows. I also play a lot of games and cycle through them pretty quickly. I have this sitting firmly atop my ""Perpetually Playing"" category.It's dope. I feel cool playing it even though I suck at it. Like I know that it'll either be huge or it'll just stay this rad secret I know about. Either way -- but I hope it takes off, because it's smart, challenging, and has a ton of potential.edit (8/17/15): typo"
76561198039729288,Recommended,315840,17480072,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Sack,"Amazing game. Hard as hell. Permadeath dungeon crawler platforming game with many ways to approach situations and tons of ways to die. You will die a lot, but it makes succeeding that much more rewarding.You begin by selecting one of three (at the moment, only three) classes and then you pick a character from a randomly selected group of individuals, each with their own unique abilites, items and weaknesses. Once you enter the catacombs you are free to do whatever you like. You can go back through the door you just entered right from the start or you can rush the door to the next floor. However the smart way to play would be to explore the area and grab the ""orb of leveling"" which can be found on each floor as that is the only way to level your character.You can interact with just about everything in the environment, for example: you can pick up a rock and sneak up on an orc standing near a torch, throw the rock at the torch, knocking it over and setting the orc up in flames. You can throw a potion at an enemy or even in a fire near an enemy causing the potion to break and fill the area with whatever effect it holds. In one particular game I alerted an orc enemy by making too much noise. He ran over to me and severed one of my arms. I defeated him and then was able to pick up my severed arm and eat it. I soon after walked into a trap which triggered a burst of flames that killed me.The game takes a great deal of patience and a decent amount of skill, or maybe rather familiarity with the game itself in order to progress through the catacombs. After 4 hours of playing I have yet to see the 3rd floor, although I can't play for more than an hour at a time without taking a break, but that's just me. If there was any reason not to play this game it would be because it is too hard. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is hardcore as ♥♥♥♥, bro."
,Recommended,315840,14611799,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jyxaw,"It's fast and responsive.  I really like it so far, although I need to change up the controls a bit... some of the defaults are not very intuitive."
,Recommended,315840,21343869,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,snowybird77,"This game is probably one of the most mechanically solid experiences I have seen. The animations are excellent, the combat is great and the difficulty will make you wanna stab yourself.I particularly enjoy the interactions between objects and enemies. It is reminiscent of games like Spelunky (which I love). There is also a nice amount of detail like Grumbuls hunting smaller creatures and being able to knock over torches in the background to set things on fire.The mechanics are fantastic and things like climbing and jumping feel responsive and fluid. Combat is nice and entertaining with things like shield blocking, grappling and using the environment to your advantage. Everything ""feels"" just right and it's a joy to jump and run and stab and so on and so forth.So far it is a bit lacking in content though. Only one ""area"", 3 classes and a handful of enemies are present. So if you buy this game, know that this is but a little piece of the final product. While I look forward to more stuff in future updates this game is very neat and a great little experience to be had."
,Recommended,315840,14616104,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Assault [+][-],"I watched the trailer and couldn't resist getting this game. Even in its current state, it is so much fun. It's also one of the hardest games I've ever played.It might as well be 2D Dark Souls with permadeath. So sweet."
76561198064474347,Recommended,315840,24035098,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Andyisgold,"I love this game. Honestly there is no other game like it and it seems so crazy that its in alpha and only made by one guy. The game is beautiful graphically and the sounds are amazing. I would easily spend 30 bucks to play this game after alpha and I would be surprised if the Developer didn't price it up considering how he is by himself making the game. That brings me to a few other points. He fixes bugs and other issues by himself which means it takes awhile to implement new things, as of now there is only 3 classes which it looks like maybe 3 more to come (I honestly hope its even more since the look has been changed it looks like they can add an infinite amount of classes). The maps are all randomly generated and beautiful at that. The developer has added more items and mechanics to the game since the start and I have to say its always for the better even the healing which was reduced slightly still functions as planned. I hope the developer adds co-op soon because as soon as he does I am positive more people will buy this game to play with friends. It is one of my favorite games to play and I hope they continue to impress the community.This section of my review will be for suggestions because maybe with enough votes the dev will see it.Classes:Assassin Class: AKA Rebel this class should allow the user to start off with a random potion or maybe a teleportation scroll, or even a smoke bomb (new item idea). It should favor Daggers and Swords and Probably hate heavy weapons such as hammers. The taunt should be a small damage boost with backstabs and slightly faster running or quiets the loud drawback for a few seconds.Hunter Class: AKA Strategist this class should allow the user to start with a Bow (new item idea) or Trap (new item idea). It will favor Bows and traps and will more likely hate all melee type weapons except daggers. The Taunt should be the Hunter being able to locate gas traps and spikes.Healer/Potion Class: AKA Alchemist this class should be able to start with a healing spell or random potion. It will have a higher chance to favor no item. The taunt will allow the user to combine the eaten items (with a minimum of 4) into a random potion, and it will automatically know what that potion is. This will be a huge helping class for Multiplayer if it is ever implented.Items:Smoke Bomb: Creates a small cloud of randomly colored smoke which makes enemies stop chasing you and start coughing. Lasts for 2 seconds. It would be cool if the color of the smoke stains the walls and floor and items like desks.Bow: This would be a class item that only shoots forward and it has a charge time of 2 seconds to do full damage based off your Strength. It would be neat to be able to obtain certain arrows through barrels and enemies. Maybe a bouncy arrow or fire arrow. This item would be permanent much like a melee item.Traps: This would be an item that you can place to try and lure enemies to you, may be cool with bully. Basically it would deal damage and rip a limb off the enemy who walks through it. I would assume this isn't a permanent item and much more like a 2 uses item. Maybe you would be able to add effects to them as well. Such as a fire trap, gas trap, poison trap, and spike trap?Anyway yeah just some small suggestions that I think would be neat to add."
,Recommended,315840,22339933,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,blight0r,"My takeaway so far - Its very much like Vagante, but with a little bit crisper platforming controlls.If you dont know Vagante, then this game is essentially a traditional rougelike but with a side scrolling  dungeon/cave instead of top down.  The main difference being that its not turn based of course.  This isnt a rick dangerouse/splunky/ect style thing (no they are not rouglikes at all).  This type of game has a lot more focus of RPG things like leveling up, finding equipment and spells ect.Its good so far, playable and fun.  A few crashes from time to time but its very early alpha and is pretty polished at this early stage.Its hard, like vagante, but because the movement is a bit crisper and free flowing, its not as frustrating.Recommeded if you like the genre."
,Recommended,315840,17731748,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,King Kasai,"Item and environment interaction is something so integral to good roguelikes. It's something that sets them apart from games like Rogue Legacy, that have the kind of difficulty roguelike fans look for, and an affectation of 'nintendo hard' platformers that hit people right in the nostalgia, but have no real substance behind them.I could tell right away that the developers of Catacomb Kids were not only familiar with more venerable roguelikes, but that they had a keen insight into what makes them so captivating. I often find myself thinking my way around a problem much like I would in Nethack or DCSS, where I'd tally my resources and make calculated decisions that would often fail spectacularly. My poor catacomb kid would die, but with every death I learn a little more about the game's logic.This level of complex entity interaction is something I expect from any game calling itself a roguelike (much more so than, say, the overzealous expectation of an ASCII interface), even to an extent that I believe it's a cornerstone of the genre.Catacomb Kids does not claim an indulgence of weapon types, monsters, or classes for the player. Instead, they have created a meaningful and treacherous arena for players who want a game that demands that they think tactically and, most importantly, learn from their mistakes."
,Recommended,315840,28702466,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gun_Shy,"I love this game. It's incredible. It seems on the surface like it might be fairly simple and straight-forward, but that is not the case at all. It's one of those games that is deceptively deep, and steeped in possibility.What do I mean by that? Well let me give you an example:I came upon a goblin who surprised me, and I was at low health with a damaged weapon. I ran out of the hallway into the room I had just been in. I didn't have many options so I used a spell called ""Push"" (basically a jedi force push) to buy myself some time. The spell actually picked up a ball of slime off the floor and flung it in his face, blinding him and giving me the upper hand. I quickly took my opportunity and slew him. As I picked up his corpse to loot it, what I failed to notice is that the potion he was holding had rolled onto the nearby campfire. It vaporized into the room, and I freaked out trying to get away. It turned out to be a potion of might, so it actually helped me. Or it would have if I hadn't been freaking out and ran into the spike pit in the other corner of the room. DED.There are so many random, totally one-of-a-kind moments in this game that you can run into, or even consciously create. It baffles the mind. If you see a treasure chest at the bottom of a pirhana-filled pond, and you happen to have the Chain Lightning spell, you can electrocute the entire pool and have the spoils. Or throw in a skeleton as a distraction and hope you can swim down and get your loot before they pick it clean.It has a well-balanced leveling system, interesting weapon enchantments, dastardly traps...I mean, you can even bake potatoes, or put hot sauce on a goblin corpse you're about to eat to get a better benefit out of it. It balances action, exploration, tactics and all-around cute♥♥♥♥♥♥very well.Not only that, but it has local co-op which absolutely does not disappoint. My girlfriend isn't much of a gamer, but we've been jamming this game together, and she loves it too, even though most of what we do is get ourselves (and each other) killed.And it's only in Alpha! For the love of god, buy this game."
,Recommended,315840,14957677,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Super Nintendo Chalmers,"This is a strong recommend from me; even at an Alpha stage of development. The procedurally generated dungeons and the statistically random generated characters add endless variety and unique situations.Brutal and unforgiving. Expect quick deaths if you do not have appropriate reaction speeds; the random generator can create incredibly difficult to traverse trap rooms. One nice touch right from the beginning is the ability to “re-roll” by entering the exit from the previous floor.There are too many gameplay elements to explain, but the attention to detail in the weapon-type combat, spell-type combat, and ailments is very refined and filled with variety, even at an Alpha stage. The level up upgrades (Rainbow Orb); if you survive long enough to make it to these coveted items, they will allow you to use attribute upgrades like parrying, free-running, reduced damaged from traps, plus many more expanded as you obtain more orbs.I am very excited to see the game develop further, to see more classes, and see how refined the gameplay between them comes. To be honest, the two class system works for me currently, but having more, it would be interesting to see. I for one, would love to see a miner-like character."
76561198155873227,Recommended,315840,19918599,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"Booze, Offender of Religion","This game is loads of fun. It has more aspects than most roguelikes. It has great replay value, and I can't wait to see new features!"
76561198160380538,Recommended,315840,30699212,Posted: 23 March,all,Gouanaco,Don't let the name fool you! This game is not for the casual gamer!Highly recommend Catacomb Kids to anyone who enjoys Rouge-like RPG's.CK has a versatility that is only spoke about in seedy bars by AAA developers who are to afraid to delve into the diveresity of gameplay that is present in Catacomb Kids.Infinite replayability with the first I have ever seen amazing implementation of an Intelligence stat that isnt just for magic or EXP anymore and actually has impact on gameplay! Really good design here!4.5/5Really great side-scroller  rouge-like RPG with amazing game design that will certainly be a inspiration for my own work in the future.Only cons are framerate issues and lack of any regular updates recently despite the awesome co-op/new dungeon update.
,Recommended,315840,14614528,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Douglas Qwayde,"A great roguelite, 2D action platformer with RPG elements. Randomly generated characters and levels keep it fresh and entertaining, with a easy-to-learn-hard-to-master play style. Excellent fun in my humble opinion."
76561198045407346,Recommended,315840,14590319,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CodeRen,"This game is amazing! Its brutal and fun and every run feels so different. Already played it for around 12 hours and its really good. Not like a lot of other rogue-like's where randomization feels bland. With the diversity of kids and layout and starting armor and magic etc, you feel like ever run is unique."
,Recommended,315840,23514348,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,FlameDecepter,Catacomb Kids Is a really good game even though it is Early Access. It has enough playability and the entire game is really fun. I like the class selection of 3 right now and I am very excited to see more. This game is great for anybody just looking for fun runs through dungeons where it really does depend on what you do. You can use magic books themselves to fire magic abilities at orcs or bats. The movement in this game is very neat and it provides a full range of being able to get out of bad situations. Play this game if you want to have a lot fo fun just messing around with orcs and throwing things about.
,Recommended,315840,20780094,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mister Artorias,"Probably my most favorite rogue-like on the market. Whether it's pure action or tactical gameplay, Catacomb Kids is here to deliver it well. As you venture forth through multiple procedurally generated levels, you'll find yourself facing the brutal challenges of traps, relentless enemies, poisonous mushrooms, and.. fire ( surprisingly my worst enemy in this game ). You will spend your time exploring and scavenging for better equipment to make your character stronger. And... if you choose to.. you can eat stuff to gain beneficial stats for your character. See that annoying bat fluttering about above your head? You can eat that. See that weird gooey slime making its way across the ceiling? You can eat that. See that ugly goblin that tried to kill you a few seconds ago that's also lying on the ground right now because you decapitated his head? You can eat that. Oh, what's that? You lost your leg? Well, you can ♥♥♥♥in eat it OR you can smolder it with a torch and attach it back on as sort of a peg leg. You're a monster in this game if you choose to be, and I love it.The enjoyment I get from playing this game is the interactive elements of the environment around you. This means that there are multiple ways of dealing with certain situations. In example, if you see an angry goblin rushing at you with a weapon at hand, what would be your first instinct? You have options. Fight him head-on. Run away and lure him into a trap. Pounce him and continously bash his head in with a rock or any other small, portable object. Pick him up, throw him into a pool of piranhas and watch him get shred to pieces. Goomba stomp him. Cast a spell that can either manipulate the situation to give you a higher advantage or completely obliterate him. Dip your weapon in a fire potion and burn him to death with your mighty weapon blows of destruction. Throw a slimeball in his face to blind him, then stand back as he swings his weapon around at nothing like an idiot ( Then kill him, of course ). This is just ONE of many situations that can occur. There are endless possiblities.I can't even imagine what this game has to offer at full release. It already shows so much promise in its current state as an early access game.Is it worth the $16? For me, personally, YES. I'm having a blast with this game. If you're unsure about the early access content, by all means, wait for a sale.Who am I kidding... just buy the game. It's awesome."
,Recommended,315840,20667183,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,insane,"Overall, this is a great rouge-like, with simple but deep mechanics. However, it is a little hard to pick up at first.Pros:+Every is one owns doing+It is clearly telegraphed why you died+Interesting mechanics that interact well+High replay value+Works well with keyboard and ControllersCons:-Still in alpha, so content is limited-Very unforgiving to new players (It takes a while to become sufficiently good at ""the basics"")"
76561198018574645,Recommended,315840,33617264,Posted: 17 July,all,[JSN] Tomha,"Honestly the best rogue-lite i played.The gameplay is very fluid, as spelunky. what really set it apart is the great integration of physics in the game, that really bring unique situation combining different mechanics.The character evolution is amazing, with a lot of specializations and new skills with each level, that can eventually lead to skills synergizing. This make each playthrough interesting. The amount of hidden stuff in this game is baffling.You will die a lot in this game, but personnally i find the deaths hilarious in their variety, once you know the most common traps. You need to develop some serious skills and reflexes to go far in this game !The only downside i see for now is the occasionnal crash, as it's an alpha.The developpement of this game is live streamed every week on Twitch (FourbitFriday), so it's far from dead with the new tinkerer class coming soon !I really highly recommand this game."
,Recommended,315840,30738577,Posted: 25 March,all,- Penguin Paragon -,"By far one of the best games in my library, even though updates don't happen too often the gameplay right now is more than enough to satisfy me and my friends (he came over everyday after school for half a week just to play the game.)Exploring with the alchemy and cooking mechanincs and finding out the effects of eating to many byats is much fun.The smoothness of maneuvering and combat is also very well done.Although difficult, dieing is almost always the players fault and alows plenty of growth.Each room can be approached in many ways. For example a room filled with grumbles usually has a firepit in the middle, if you throw a potion which has negative effects into the firepit from above, the liquid will seap out (because of heat) and turn into a gas that can use the effects of the potion, using a freeze pot you can effectivly kill all the grumbles in the room.The Ai is also very well made, from runnign away at low health to notifiyng other enemies of the same clan.although there are some bugs here and there and some mechanics that could be changed for the better i 100% recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,315840,15893580,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Treebeard,Fantastic roguelike with lots of interactive elements. Well worth the price!
76561198013587266,Recommended,315840,14599044,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Paladius [Dixie Cup],"Catacomb Kids. Really interesting physics throughout the game, brutally hard, and crazy fun. Though it is early access, there is easily enough content to keep a serious roguelike player busy for hours. Can't wait to see what else gets added in subsequent months!"
,Recommended,315840,14591281,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ZeinEizoku,"Let me warn you now, the game... she is brutal with a vicious learning curve but if you can adapt quick and you love the Rogue-Like, platformer, RPG-esqu games. Then let me tell you Catacomb Kids is right up you stink'n alley. It is  pretty fun I lost track of currently 1.7 hours as it tells me above this review box haha. With what looks to be like a slew of new character classes coming in the future updates it is well worth the purchase and support of the Dev. Keep it classy people, and have fun, remember do not get mad, if you get angry after every death, be sure to Google and Wiki seach the term ""Rogue-Like"" before spamming hate and rage. you were asking for it in this genre :)"
76561198026983320,Recommended,315840,34683199,Posted: 2 September,all,dysillusioned,Challenging platformer roguelike with a lot more options than just pressing the attack button to kill your enemies (and also to die yourself). The dev even streams twice a week as he updates code and creates pixel graphics!
76561198004429212,Recommended,315840,30501967,Posted: 13 March,all,Cbass00,Crazy hard with a super high skill cap. You'll die a lot but you can get seriously good at this game and then still die a lot. 10/10Glad to support the dev.
76561198029358523,Recommended,315840,23320328,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Blackenblood,"Everything about it works very well, and excluding a few early access kinks like bugs and crashes, its an amazing roguelite rpg."
,Recommended,315840,28415370,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Petrey Turkeybable,"Catacomb Kids is really fun, difficult, and interestingly deep. The controls are very tight and comfortable in my opinion (360 controller). At its current state it has three classes (more classes are planned) but I think the wizard/spell caster class is very underpowered. It has a good soundtrack, especially the title screen song. The game has really good humour and it hits me well. I do wish that there was more variety in the scenery and enemies in the first 3 floors, because from what I can tell it has a really large learning curve/ time sink to get consistently good. So I spend a lot of time fighting the same enemies in the same environments. All I think it needs is the format that Towerclimb has which a few different biomes randomized at the start with challenge and prize paths you can optionally take to mix things up or power you enough to get further than just skill allows. So far I would watch some content on it if you're interested and if it still looks cool then it's a no brainer."
,Recommended,315840,21245339,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mallow,"Excelente titulo si gustas de jugar Spelunky, Vagante o algun otro plataformer con elementos de juegos Roguelikes y Roguelites.Niveles que se generan aleatoreamente (en otras palabras jamas jugaras el mismo nivel 2 veces), un sistema de combate interesante y con un gran numero de diferentes posibilidaddes para salir victorioso usando el nivel y todas sus trampas y elemntos para tu ventaja.Un sistema de items y hechizos que tendrás que descubrir y aprender mediante experimentación lo que hace de este juego una joya que respeta la inteligencia del jugador y no lo lleva de la mano como un bebe.Aparte que puedes hacer sopa combinando ciertos items ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198064276898,Recommended,315840,14966644,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Shyest Guy,Can't wait for new classes!
76561197992340703,Recommended,315840,29588506,Posted: 30 January,all,Darsian,"This is an extremely feral roguelike with a good modern concept, nice pixel art, interesting combat mechanics, insidious platforming elements and a deep amount of content even though it's still in early access. I say a really fun game overall.I find myself constantly re-starting run after run, trying to improve everytime. It's a mean game, hard and unforgiving, but really fun and challenging. I love (and hate) the randomness of every portion of the game. Sometimes it's hard to deal with the unfair stuff, like triggering a teleport trap, blinking in the middle of a Orcs vs Skeletons royal rumble, being stabbed to death and loosing all your hard gained fresh fat gear with no actual time to react at all. But it's ok, if you can stand that.I like the product so far, even if I'll have to wait a bit for the final version.I highly reccommend this game to whoever like challenging roguelike/lite games."
,Recommended,315840,14670499,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,oakley,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i love this gamethe combat is actually interesting, there are so many subtle item interactions that sweeten the whole dealthere are things to LEARNwhen you die it's not like ""ugh that was too hard so i died"" it's like ""i haven't become good at that yet so i died and learned from it""good game, very excited about whats more to come"
,Recommended,315840,16034575,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,"Cadence, Monarch of Misanthropy","Step 1: Place Portal on wall next to 6 orc-analogues, and the other next to you.Step 2: Use Flame Wave on the portal.Step 3: Watch enemies roll around in panic, grunting in agony.Step 4: Collect loot.Rinse, repeat.That alone is worth the price of admission."
76561198040805447,Recommended,315840,14819130,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,FUNKMASTAmike,"An excellent and immensly challenging game for what it currently is, but that begs the question that once so much of the unimplimented content becomes, well, implimented, will the game still retain the same difficulty level?Honestly, that's what gives it so much of it's charm at present, those moments when you flawlessly evade both enemies and traps and sit there wondering how you just managed to pull that off, juxtaposed against those moments when you kill an enemy only to knock over a torch with his body, forcing you to run around like a headless chicken until you burn to death. The later scenario happens far, FAR more often.The game itself still contains a lot of errors - occarional crashes, rooms you can't escape from, one time I even fell off the map. Still, Alpha. Regardless of any masochistic fears I may have of the game getting easier, I am VERY interested in seeing how the game progresses, and would definately recommend it even in it's present state."
,Recommended,315840,19404007,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Codes,"This is the single most addictive game I've got on my list. It's probably my favorite game right now; The adventures are -never- the same, garunteed, and each encounter with all the enemies (Especially the goddamn grumbuls) feels personal and close. It's got quick, brutal combat, a neat spell system and so many ways to die you'll be laughing each time."
,Recommended,315840,19895109,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,zooboo,it's likeVagantebut actually good
,Recommended,315840,26472375,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Aco,I love it!
76561198067125534,Recommended,315840,23488385,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,braap oops excuse me xD,"It is a very fun, randomly generated, roguelike. The difficulty is high, and thats what makes you want to play it over and over again."
,Recommended,315840,22701541,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,KURETZ,"very very cool game, as good as a finished game all ready"
76561198044967398,Recommended,315840,20380449,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Stevi,"What makes this game recommendable is the very cohesive mix of Action RPG - Jump'N'Run (as was Rogue Legacy), an RPG-Style Leveling and Character building system and typical Roguelike elements. Super hardcore difficulty included.Like many of the other curators, my death count reached far over 10 after only approximately half an hour, and I didnt come further than Floor 3 until then.Some positive points I might also point out are:-> The AI of some of the enemies, if not all of them(even bats and slugs dont mindlessly attack you)-> How well combat and platforming fuse into themselves-> The opening for creative and individual approaches in terms of gameplay style. You can go all-berserk mode with a bully and fight them all, or just avoid them alltogether and just level up.-> Inventory keeps realistic, no magic dimensional backpacks here. You can only keep one small item in your pockets, hold one item and your gear.I hope this game gets many more improvements in the future. Those, however, only have to be accomplimenting that which already is there, making it more immersive, since the basic concept and structure of the game is already so perfect."
76561198210784200,Recommended,315840,21753897,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Karawan,"I love, love, lovethis game and all it has to offer me at its current build. Yeah, it maybe be hard but it is certainly worth its weight on gold to beat its hardships. The whole design of the game is quick wittied people, and see what solutions come up  with slay a savage group of Grumbuls or get passed a deadly trap. Its the best roguelike/lite I've played so but its not entirely perfect. Yeah, its has its shading glitches and some textures glitches here and there but what bothers me is the save system. There isn't one to begin with, and I get thats its a roguelike but playing this game isn't all that quick. It takes a while to build up characters and well sometimes I don't have the time. I not saying make a save system that allows you to restart after you die but merely save my game so I don't lose my character in the middle of a run. 8/10 Would die to Frost potion again."
,Recommended,315840,25359508,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ordullan,"= Played before purchasing on Steam =This game is everything I've been waiting for - a soulslike roguelike that hits every mark it aims for while pushing its own brand of unique gameplay -- this isn't just a souls clone or an off-the-conveyor-belt roguelike. It's a faithful translation of what makes those games alluring, giving the player plenty of incredibly intelligent enemies, unpredictable situations and tools that have both obvious and not-so-obvious uses, encouraging experimentation and improvisation.Expect to wrack your brain for ways that you could have better handled a terrible situation, and grin stupidly when you manage to pull it off."
,Recommended,315840,18413244,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,i drink the tap water,"A lot of potential. Needs a lot more refinement when running on Windows, but other than that, just hoping it doesn't turn out to be another Starbound. I only say yes because I'm being cautiously optimistic."
76561197996339009,Recommended,315840,21024799,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Schuppentier,"Very nice game!Even for this early state of the game, there is alot of content. Catacomb Kids is not a game for everyone. It is very hard, you die alot!So it is nothing for you if you dont like to invest time to learn the controls. Also, every step can be your sudden death, so if you dont think about, how you go over that spikes, or how you engage that nasty enemy at the right time, you will die.Pros:-Hard-unvorgiving-plan your movement/combat or die charging head first-semirandom levels-secrets-many iteminteractions-smooth running with no bugs found at this time-very good enemy AICons:-controls are a bit akward even after some time-pixelart (not everyone likes it)-only randomized characters-no save option-no multiplayer(or atleast hot seat)Things i would like to see:-save option-multiplayer-usage of mouse buttons/cursornavigation while paused-bigger Levels with more than ""one way"" for more exploration-little sidequests-leveleditor for custom levels-charactercreation, so you can choose positive/negative threads-even more item interactions-more enemy variations-more trap variations"
,Recommended,315840,19594228,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Elarith,"Great roguelike. Fun platforming and combat, but punishingly difficult at the easiest of times. Playing with elements and how the game elements react with each other is great fun."
,Recommended,315840,26915574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ats02,"Love the dev team with this project, dev streams and a steady twitter :)"
,Recommended,315840,23908998,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,EXTERMINATOR,i died to popcorn
,Recommended,315840,14630120,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"Never has a rogue-like let you to eat as much dungeon detritus. Dead rats? Squished slimes? Dead Goblins? How about munching on their skeletons for desert? It's a Subterranean smorgasbord! It's a game mechanic! So grab that +2 bib and a potion of wet-naps, it's time to dig in."
76561198034019268,Recommended,315840,21599254,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Amoux,"Death 1: green slimeDeath 2: green slimeDeath 3: burning green slimeDeath 4: purple slimeDeath 5: spikesDeath 6: ricocheting bottle of lava that i didnt know existed until i used trajectory into lava and hit hit a green slime on its way back to me killing us both... fml XDDeath 7: still laughing about death 6, while getting murdered by a green slimeDeath 8: grumbleThis game will test your resolve and make you go insane if you let it. but kleep in mind 99% of the deaths you inevitably will recieve will still be as funny as your first time playing and they will be YOUR FAULT, you were too slow to react, jumped a tad bit too far/late drank the wrong potion ect. The game gives you a few ways to puss out by ""Finding another way"" to do things but if you cant handle it, its not the games fault for being hard. That being said the 1 % of my deaths that was BS was when i got teleported into a room with a locked door and i had no key.....actually the key was 1 step behind the teleport trap so yea that was a forced restart death...The best thing about this game is that unlike most games like spelunky or vagante, this game is different from each start. Each kid you play as has different weapons, stats, and spells and they'll feel and look different,as an example, there isnt just one axe style or look, each weapon has a variation and each variation still has more randomized stats. This dev knows what a rouglike/lite is supposed to be, BRUTAL. not some game that you get a casual godlike run everytime, but a game that ""IF"" you do get there, the top...or the bottom in this case, you will feel so damn good, then realise you will never get that far again... This game is what i needed and i still need moreI cant wait to see what ill die by next... And trust, me you WILL die..... and you Will enjoy it.TL:DR, FML but it feels so good"
76561197998253139,Recommended,315840,27964833,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NBG | Seagull,Getting more complex and fun with each update. Never made it beyond the second floor.10/10 Would try it again and again
,Recommended,315840,32901966,Posted: 27 June,all,Bison-tennial,"Just the right amount of quirky, fun, and difficult. It's a cute little game with a lot of depth and item interactions to it. You'll never die the same way twice... unless you never learn like me."
,Recommended,315840,14731052,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Space Ho,my♥♥♥♥♥hurts
76561198092123454,Recommended,315840,25683134,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DuckButt,"Really great game with a lot of potential, can't wait for new updates."
76561198117594547,Recommended,315840,20446764,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,loguardsoule,Ever wanted to relive life as a kid? Now you can! But more......Brutal.
76561197971877162,Recommended,315840,20528726,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"A very punishing rogue-lite action platformer.  There are multiple ways to bypass enemies, such as throwing torches into pire pits and causing an eruption.  The physics are quite hilarious at times.  You can cut off limbs and cannibilize basically everything.  This game has a TON of potential and is quite fun in short spurts.  You will get frustrated very often.  Just take your time and think out each action.There's another action rogue lite platformer out on steam called Vagante.  The dev's from that game are friends with the dev of Catacomb Kids.  Both games are very similiar but CK has so many more possibilities as far as depth of gameplay.  The dev is just one guy that pushes out small updates every 2 months or so on average.  Don't expect this EA game is be out of alpha until the end of 2016."
,Recommended,315840,14711786,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Reto,"Orcs are ♥♥♥♥♥es, rats steal your books and bats throw you onto deadly spikes.10/10 would die again... and again... and again."
76561197974927402,Recommended,315840,14700323,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CNN is Isis,"Brutallyunforgiving, hilarious, and a lot of fun.Mistakes are punishable by death, there is no room for a missed button press, no mercy for the slow to move when a*click!*is heard. You may die three steps upon entering the dungeon, and it is awesome.The game's ""hook"" is the various interactions between items, it requires a lot of experimentation and guess work along with RNG. The game is quite deep once you get into it; you can eat the corpses of your enemies for effects (make sure you didn't poison them to kill them though!), used a fire weapon on the mob? Eat his charred corpse, after you eat 5 of the same type you earn a stat effect or something else.I'm really glad there is no timer because I like to take the game nice and slow, since I am pretty bad still.The music is good, functional and catchy, though very sparsly used, the soundtrack will hopefully be fleshed a bit. The characters have funny little soundbites when taunting etc, really amusing to hear them sometimes, arrogant little scamps!Good game, fun experimentation, good controls and I look forward to the other 4/6 classes and more maps.You will die many many times and laugh as much as you'll rage. Thumbs up so far!"
,Recommended,315840,22955824,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,UncleJan,"Catacomb Kids! It's an awfully hard game to say the least. I dont know how often I died, but probably over 200 times :P.I just wanna say.. if you like hard games with great controles and almost infinite replayability, Catacomb Kids is the right game for you.10 / 10 - Would die because I hold a hot potato for too long again."
,Recommended,315840,24118570,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RetardedlySmart,Very fun and frustrating
76561198042113572,Not Recommended,315840,26106162,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Niveous,"Gameplay itself is very fun, good for a couple hours. Sadly there is very little content to experience at the present time and the developer is making no serious effort to fix this, with updates being small and rare. I cannot recommend to buy it at full price as it seems unlikely to me the developer will deliver on what he has promised. If you can get it at sale for 50% off, the price is a lot more reasonable."
76561198013027885,Recommended,315840,14676822,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,JayPi,"I actually am enjoying the hell out of this game, some people may see it as a rip off  or very similar to vagante or rogue legacy but I feel like this is a more hardcore version of both of those games."
76561198134579193,Recommended,315840,14830377,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,superbeardface,Learned to die skillfully.
76561198068297556,Recommended,315840,14589783,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CatastrophicCharlie,"Where do I even begin with this game? Its not balanced. you die in about 2 hits regardless of your equipment, you randomely combust because something you could not see lit you on fire, and when you pick up a cool looking electric sword, you fall in the water and the sword electrocutes you to death. It is the definition of artificial difficulty. you die, you restart, you die, you restart, you actualy get somewhere, you die, you rage, you take a break, you restart, and die again. However, after the 20-50 time you die, you relize that you might as well just toy around with the 30 or so spells and the cool random character generator, because you mostlikely wont win. Dont play this game if you dont want to be angry. Just play the game for a while, you have to beat it at some point, right....."
76561198165365719,Recommended,315840,21937503,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Comrade Tobias,Spiderman's moto is: with geat power comes great responsibilityDeadpools's moto is: with geat power comes great no responsibilityAnd my moto is: with great power comes great noscopeability :steamsunglasses:this game lets me do that. best game ever.
,Recommended,315840,14637768,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ICE | Adam Carra,It's Spelunky meets Rogue Legacy meets Dark Souls. What's not to like?It's inalpha and it's already worth the money.
,Recommended,315840,15025442,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,royanill,This game is something that ive been wanting but could not find with so many ways to kill and die its no wonder its getting good reveiws its hard but fair and over all a fun game to play.one last note:if you get heavy lifting dont stand near elivators or jump wile holding a bolder EVER
76561198050184915,Recommended,315840,22161537,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jason Bellond,"I really am enjoying 2D Dark soulstelling me""Git gud""then im like""Ok""Then I git gud and kill teh tings."
76561198094526230,Recommended,315840,18200024,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Straynj,"It is a great game plain and simple, but it is hard to pick up on and the tutorial explains bare minimum, pretty much controls.This game is not for everyone 7/10"
,Recommended,315840,15178793,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mr steal yo bitch,"If you like dark souls, consider this as a slightly more lighthearted version in 2d, but trust me you still die as much."
,Recommended,315840,25190046,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chomusuke,Awesome game. Can't wait for it to get out of Alpha.
,Recommended,315840,33159771,Posted: 2 July,all,Neek,Show's great promise! I only hope the dev keeps adding more monsters levels and items cause so far its great!
76561198249986076,Recommended,315840,29325272,Posted: 17 January,all,DoodlePaper,i eat grumbul corpses so i can reanimate its skeleton.10/10 would die to spikes again
,Recommended,315840,26279965,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dr.Ded,"If you love rogue-lite platformers (Spelunky, Vagante, Tower Climb, etc.) you should play Catacomb Kids."
76561198070352043,Recommended,315840,17977840,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ColdOneK,"Like getting one shot no matter what level you are? You may like this game.Like broken stats so enemies can one shot you, while you deal 0-2 damg? You may like this game.Like the majority of the spells being brokenly worthless? You may like this game.Like infuriating randomly generated characters, rather than spending 30 seconds to make your own? You may like this game.Like games in PRE-ALPHA completion statuses? You may like this game.Consider $16 on an unfinished title a fair price point? You may like this game.Do you enjoy developers that don't understand what an alpha ACTUALLY IS? You may enjoy this game.BTW, Direct from wiki ""A game in alpha is feature complete, that is, game is playable and contains all the major features."" A beta is "" feature and asset complete version of the game, when only bugs are being fixed.""This is interesting as it is, but should not have been green lit as an alpha version of the game."
76561198020479238,Recommended,315840,14686942,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,">Killed a goblin>Ate the corpse>Ate the skeleton>Choked on a bone and died10/10Pros:_Good movement control: The control feels solid and scaling platform is nice. Can be a bit floaty at times, but it's not too noticable._Good combat: very impactful attacks with a nice, intuitive attack-block-roll system that takes skills to master but can be picked up almost immediately. Lots of different weapon types and moveset as well._Rogue-likeness: Permadeath, random levels and secrets galore. This game is very Rogue-like, and is just as difficult and addicting as you expect._it's just as difficult and addicting as you expect: It's hard to put this game down, every run is different, every run can end in minutes, every run entice you to play more._Looks nice: Very dark, though, so don't expect any treat for the eyes here. But everything looks clean and simple._Relatively bug-free: For a game that's in Alpha, it runs pretty well. Needs more content though.Cons:_It's an Alpha right now: So if you HAVE to buy a game only when it's finished, hold off on this. Deffinitely keep it on your radar though._Control scheme could be better: If you don't have a gamepad, don't play this game until you do. The control scheme isn't quite as elegant as something like Spelunky, either. But you could get used to it for sure.You'd like this game if:_You're into Rogue-likes._You like hard games._You like games that don't tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥and let you figure it out on your own._You like Terraria-style combat but want more depth out of it._You like watching kids die.Is it worth $16? Yes, deffinitely, if you don't mind gambling on an Early Access game. At least keep this game in mind if you want to hold off buying it until it's done.Shameless plugs time! Did you like my review? I do more than just that. I also have a YouTube channel where i do Let's Play as well as more reviews like these, but in video form. Come check it out here. My channel is small right now, but I play on making it a regular thing, so hit that subscribe button to see more content. Thank you!"
76561198177689849,Recommended,315840,14831377,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,PoloBaquerizoH,"This game is pretty unique, looking similar to others its amazing detail and polish gameplay and atmosphere really makes you want more and more of this game. Love the music. Personally I just feel the need to make every level more and more perfect planning next move in a strategical way, so obviously is a game for challengers with some of that spelunky feeling. really as everyone, just hope this game will be updated and finish in not a really long time, if the developer shows everyone that this game its worth every penny and that we will be able with more levels, characters, and features and offcourse a complemental development."
76561198026980942,Recommended,315840,30128237,Posted: 23 February,all,Joker,"This game has been in EA for ages, but don't let that turn you away.  It's already a very complete experience well worth the money, and I've STILL never gotten past level 5.   I haven't played in quite awhile, but recently picked it back up, and while I was sad that there is still not a new class, there are plenty of other changes that I'm still happy trying to get past this brick wall of a game.One of the hardest games I've ever played, and I've destroyed the Dark Souls series.    The memorization here is in the mechanics.   Very fun, yet steep learning curve.  I can't wait to be good enough to see what else this game has to offer.Don't expect to play for long periods of time, short plays definitely make the frustration level high, but it's one you can play for a bit for awhile, the come back to later and pick up with ease.   Then again, maybe I just suck, cause plenty of people CRUSH this game."
76561198040027211,Recommended,315840,33000933,Posted: 29 June,all,Wonderland,"Fun little rouge-like, similar to Vagante. Hard but pleasurable. Just wish more of my friends played."
,Recommended,315840,20473942,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Cliff474,"I would like to first make one thing clear: too many devs these days like to compare their games with dark souls. That being said, I have yet to hear the devs say anything thus far about being a Dark Souls-esque game, I see this as being the closest thing though.After selecting a class (there are only three out of the six so far) you select a randomized child with different traits and loadouts much like Rouge Legacy. You then journey downward into the depths of the Catacombs below murdering creatures, disarming enemies and severing their limbs, roll jumping to ledges, and finding the level orb on each floor (which is optional but gives amazing new skills) then finding the next door downward.In my opinon, this game is incredibly fun and it reminds me of when I was a kid and went exploring with my firends around the neighborhood with sticks. I highly recommend this game to Rouge-Like fans nd I'm very excited to see what else these devs have in store in the future!"
76561198180259251,Recommended,315840,14641876,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Noktis Zariah,"I'm loving this. That's all. Crappy review I know, but that's all there is to say.For some odd reason though it keeps switching to Xbox 360 controller controls when I'M CLEARLY USING A KEYBOARD.This makes it impossible tostart up the game and I end up needing to restart my Mac to fix it.I'ts annoying, and stupid that this happens but this IS an early Alpha so it's sorta forgiven I guess."
76561197989449898,Recommended,315840,28961371,Posted: 2 January,all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Awesome!
76561198099643851,Recommended,315840,14895121,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ragnahawk,This game is completely epic and extreme. I'm a hardcore gamer and I can not for the life of me beat it. It's so fricken spectacularly difficult and addicting.
,Recommended,315840,33201961,Posted: 3 July,all,Phil,"great game, great workout if u do 10 push ups every time u die haha"
,Recommended,315840,15076541,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,King Arthur,The best game EVER
,Recommended,315840,14571978,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jack Halford,9/10 would fall on spikes again.
,Recommended,315840,14579028,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Alterpexis,"10/10 GAME OF THE YEARseriously, its really good"
,Recommended,315840,20495150,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,claiminglight,"CK is a permadeath platformer that seeks to, and has been largely successful in, combining the feel the old nethack games with platformers in the vein of Spelunky.An absolutly impressive enemy AI system and a range of spells, weapons and mystery potions continually renew the excitement of a fresh start. Which is good- you'll be making a lot of those."
,Not Recommended,315840,17131226,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Amante,"DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE ""Not Recommended"" thingey. This is a genuinely good game, I really, really, REALLY love it, I've logged about 20 hours on it, it's actually an amazing game, but it seems that the developer has either given up on it, or just stopped updating it for awhile. The last update was early May 2015, and as of writing this review, it's mid-July.... so... just wait and see what becomes of this before throwing your money at it. If we start to see some more updates, INSTANTLY GO AND BUY THIS, I cannot recommend it enough, but for the time being, just wait and see.EDIT: Big update soon. Go buy this now.EDIT #2: I was shortsighted with my last edit to this review. The current date is the 17th of October, 2016. The last update was on my birthday, July 3rd. It was a bug-fix. No content was added. There have been no updates since then, at all. This is still a good game, but with a bad dev, and no consistent updates. Honestly, save your money."
76561198056022992,Recommended,315840,31450505,Posted: 29 April,all,Oke oku,"Still haven't managed to ""git good"" yet... :/"
76561198056954616,Not Recommended,315840,22329164,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Donovan,"There are a lot of things I like about this game, best summarized as an overall feeling of complex gameplay and challenging combat. You would be suprised at the things you discover by accident after only many hours of gameplay. That said, the randomly generated platforming element of this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. I can say, beyond a doubt, that its intended difficulty (high) is made impossible in some areas by poor scripting. You will occasionaly find yourself entering a level, walled in and unable to progress without leaving through the door you came through. Moreoften, you will complete some exceptional bit of platforming only to land in a group of enemies. Mostly, it is disapointing to see the total lack of new content this game has recieved over the past year. Currently, Catacomb kids won't see the development and attention it deserves and certainly, requires."
,Not Recommended,315840,33869380,Posted: 28 July,all,ikharoja,"I want to like this game. I really do... The core gameplay has fun moments and the number of possible interactions between items in the environment during combat is impressive. However,  the development team isn't nearly as active and communicative as the team working on Dead Cells.For an early access game, I don't necessarily need frequent updates to the game itself. All I need to feel less negative about the prospects of the game actually being completed is for the communication from the dev to be more consistent.While he apologized for months of silence when theAnticropolis updatecame out and promised to be more consistent, communication with the community on Steam has still largely been sporadic.While there's aTrello boardto track development, progress there has also halted. And while there are two official Reddit threads (thread 1,thread 2to track long-term goals and weekly progress, those too have gone without updates for some time.Right now, one of the only positive things I can say about the development is that there are weekly dev streams on hisTwitch page; however, I don't think it's expecting too much for a dev to write regular updates (a simple paragraph would be fine) for the game's Steam page to make it easier for customers to track what's going on with a product they've paid to for."
76561198228205008,Not Recommended,315840,33685993,Posted: 20 July,all,Deputy ✯ Sodichi,"I like the game very much but the bugs keep ruining it for me, if the bugs got fixed i will change my recommendation. I realize this game is in early access and for what it is it's a great game. That being said the bugs plus crashes are , at least for me, out of hand. I will still play the game for the off chance that my game doesn't crash or bugs don't occur it's very enjoyable."
76561198032493216,Not Recommended,315840,17964645,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Alphanumerai,"A tough roguelike platformer with some interesting mechanics; talents and disadvantages, stats, skills, lots of magic spells. Unfortunately let down by unintuinitve controls that obscure rather than enable the mechanics.All in all promising, but you must be willing to but up with early access teething problems."
,Not Recommended,315840,32369528,Posted: 12 June,all,Snaith,"I think that under the layer of impenetrable difficulty this is quite an amazing game, something extremely interesting. Unfortunately, with instant death on the cards pretty much every other second I haven't yet managed to reach the delivious excitement that is tantalisingly hidden away.Whether through alternate options or modes, or through a more accessible play curve, I hope that one day I can recommend this game."
76561198053137874,Not Recommended,315840,18824665,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Delcourt,"I simply cannot recommend this game. The controls aren't fluid, they feel unnatural, as if the buttons were assigned at random. Changing them doesn't help. The Game punishes you for expirimentation, killing you for EVERYTHING you do. If there weren't so many instant death traps it I'd be more willing to explore (never drink a potion, you'll burst into flames and die half of the time). You're better off just running for the exit and ignoring everything on the level. Certain enemies like bats have an absurdly large amount of health. There's no quickrestart option, so you're stuck returning to the main menu and rechoosing your character. If you could replay the last dead character through a quick restart the game would be way less annoying. Killing enemies is like trying to thread a needle with a twizler while drunk. The autograb function makes it near impossible to go where you want in the heat of the terrible fighting mechanics, you'll be stuck levitating slowly while your character tries to move (can't even tell you how often I've been crushed between the cieling and a ball and chain trap because the game thought I was trying to climb it). The whole thing just feels like an unfinished mess. Early beta or not, this is not ready for the public, and I regret buying it."
76561198006875541,Not Recommended,315840,26666394,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ascar,No updates for the 3 month? Dislike.
,Recommended,315840,14567330,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,F|23AKZ01D,I like this game.
76561198202444499,Not Recommended,315840,30620995,Posted: 19 March,all,TheDerpKnight,"This  is the absolute most difficult game i've ever played, and i play Dark souls 1-3 on a daily bases!!! I'm not one to give up easily, and i am trying my hardest to get somewhat decent at this game, so far, no luck... My highest score was to the 6th floor and most of that was just luck!No matter what class you play as you are pretty much ♥♥♥♥edBully: 'strong' but slow, they have no health or armor boosts at all! All you get is a magical weapon, which i guess is helpful, but not class changing good...i find its much easier to win fights as a wanderer, attacking at extremly quick paces where the enmies dies before they know whats going on.Wanderer: Fast but 'weak', i prefer this class because even though you are 'weak', you can still do good damage, maybe 1-2 less than a bully, And you can attack very quickly, i've overwhelmed 4-5 orc things/skeletons at the same time while only doin 3-4 damage per hit. If you are low on health, you can just run through the catacombs and avoid getting hurt any more until you find a way to heal yourself.Poet: The Spells deplete.................... If you are a Poet, who specializes in casting spells to win fights and progress throughh the game, AND YOU RUN OUT OF SPELLS !!!!! Then you are sooooooooo screwed. Chances are you spent all of your orbs on gaining INC and LUC because you are a mage, so good luck fending for yourself without spells and no good stats, Praying to god that you find another spell book.Some tipsThe Potions that the orcs carry are usually helpful, such as a health or invisibilty potion, while the ones you find on the floor are usually poison or fire.If you want to figure out what a potion does, throw it at a slime or something weak and watch the affects.Traps are at least 75% of all my deaths, or responsible for them. Traps will usually one shot you, or get you very close to death, be aware of your surroudings!If you want to kill a strong enemy or a lot of strong enimes, throw a rock at a standing torch to knock it over and spill fire everywhere, try not to burn yourself though, this game is very unforgiving.A potato in a bottle of water dropped on top of fire is pretty delicious!its always nice to have a rock or bone in your inventory slot, it comes in handy when hitting switches, throwing things at enimies, or activating a trap.Listen, This game is a lot of fun, irritating and aggrovating, but fun. I woudn't have bought it if i knew, but since i have it i might as well play it... This game is NOT for casuals"
,Not Recommended,315840,20504459,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fahrenheit°,"Definitely not worth 15.99. Crashes every time I try to press the button for Context, I wish I could get a refund."
,Not Recommended,315840,21843601,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,chase,Updates are slow.Enemies are limited.Things get old quick.This game is worth 7 dollars to me.Typical Early Crapsess software right here.
,Not Recommended,315840,33509541,Posted: 13 July,all,Strawsberry,Dead game.
76561198021010403,Not Recommended,315840,33466206,Posted: 11 July,all,EDTAkiller,"OK I not too sure how trhis game got such a good rating, but its really just hard to controll. there are no customization controlls for the keyboard. AT ALL. How can you expect someone to play test this game with out customization?!?! Dev's FIX YOUR GAME.Uninstalled."
76561198157137722,Not Recommended,315840,28735445,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KingUrameshi,"This game is pretty bad. The physics are all over the place. Things interact in a wierd way that don't make any sense. Getting set on fire is WAY too easy as if the kid doused themself in some kind of flammable liquid before venturing into the catacombs. Enemies are way too numerous and the finer mechanincs way too scarce for a game that encourages using the environment to ones advantage. The way the inventory system is restricts the fun this game provides by allowing only two items to be carried and disables the main weapon when two items are carried.The controls are very clunky and will be a source of frustration when trying to navigate simple ledges or handling items. I often find myself facing in the opposite direction because the action buttons seem to take priority over the directional/analog pad. Combat is chaotic due to being able to run right through enemies. Enemies can spawn en mass right on floor one and in the first room. All of the kids feel more or less the same despite starting equipment, traits or class.The game has a lot of potential but I feel like it is someting that will never be completed. Catacomb Kids is deffinitly not ready to be played as it is very unbalanced. The devlopers are still working on it and apparently want to add things like backpacks and such to help with the games shortcomings but as it stands I cannot recommend. Too much unbalance coupled with a level generator that can be extreamly wacky make this a bad buy even on sale.This game takes a real time sink in order to get any fun out of it. Catacomb Kids is a game that is unforgivinigly hard, frustrating and does not even make an attempt to explain the many interactions the game offers and is 100% trial and error.An unfun game = bad game."
76561198068450386,Not Recommended,315840,14814636,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Quadratic Wizard,"The difficulty of the game goes beyond ""hard"". It's dumb. Even if you pick a high health starting character with good armor and defense traits, a single hit can still kill you based on a roll of the dice. The ""optimal"" way of playing is absolutely boring and frustrating and the game just seriously lacks in being at all fun."
76561198202144616,Recommended,315840,17095408,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,RussianPanda,"This is an incredibly difficult but very good game that no matter how many times you die you just wanna keep coming back and playing again and again. Even in its early access state I highly recommend getting this game. The only problem I have with the game at the moment is that there are only two playable classes out of the 5 or 6 that there will be. Other than that one thing, fantastic."
76561198038183001,Recommended,315840,16709277,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Meatcat1,This game is extremley fun and satisfying. The random generation reminds me alot of spelunkey. I have had sometimes where I step onto a teleport trap and it teleports me to somewhere i cannot escape. Besides that it is excellent.
,Recommended,315840,16952928,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Wyvern of Winter,probably the best roguelike i've played in recent or maybe all timesthe way things interact with eachother never ceases to surprise methe game doesn't pull punches and you will always discover something new every runvery difficult but extremely rewarding10/10
,Recommended,315840,17343595,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sp00k3d,This game is worth the while. It has a serious learning curve but once you get the feel of the catacombs. You'll be amongst the coolest of the kids.
76561197997039540,Recommended,315840,18438869,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,fishmilk,Game is awesome so far!
76561198103924418,Recommended,315840,18362450,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ergoan,This game IS HARD do not buy if you don't like dying alot because... reasons anyway on my latest run i died by THALEZ THE ORB BEARER on floor 4 before that floor i arrived at a grumbuls camp.... i devoured every Grumbul there anway 42 Creatures died hating me 17 Grumbuls a skelly 10 Byats i hate these guys more than the grumbuls 11 slimes 2 rats and a fish 10/10 would devour Grumbuls again
76561198119422866,Recommended,315840,18231361,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Waffles May Die,fun and tough
,Recommended,315840,17425972,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Tangiers,"For an early access game, I'd tentatively recommend this if you enjoy 2D action platformers. From a roguelike perspective, the vast array of content and deaths in this game is astounding. The ideas and the aesthetic reveal a very interesting setting. However, note that combat is often clunky and the controls can be ambiguous and sluggish. Hopefully, the controls tighten up and there's less movement ambiguity in the future; then it'd be a definite recommendation."
,Recommended,315840,17786716,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Spookygram,"a fun little roguelike platformer that's hard as hell, but rewards creativity when it comes to dealing with enemies and traps."
,Recommended,315840,16885225,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Teal,"While this game is still in alpha and such, yadda yadda yadda, etc... It's easily one of the best early access games I've ever played. It has this level of polish (even with all the seemingly random deaths and explosions) that I've never really seen before in these types of roguelike games. Instinctively, I threw a potato that I'd found on a campfire and waited for a moment. It cooked and became a hot potato, so I picked it up and put it in my pocket to let it cool. Later on I realized I was losing health. My first death was due to me holding on to a red hot tater. To me, that is beautiful.You are going to die, a lot. And it's going to be frustrating. I haven't really gotten past the first boss, and every time I think I'm having such a good run, it ends with me getting ganked by a bunch of Grumbuls or falling into a pool of water and being eaten by those stupid piranhas, or being forced to try and jump my way through those rooms filled with spikes and drop-down crushing traps. I get so mad... And then I start over. And then I die again, so I start over. Even with how frustrating it is, I keep coming back to see how far I can get. I really like that sort of replayability in games like this.I'd highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys torturing themselves, or anyone who played Spelunky or any of those other roguelike platformers. In the meantime, I'm gonna go die some more."
,Recommended,315840,17475369,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Joxester,"Although the game is currently in alpha, it feelas as if it is a finished product. It has taken me over 20 hours simply to reach the current ""boss"" and I have enjoyed the entire process. Stats impact the game heavily and decision making is crucial. It takes some time to get used to the different effects of food, potions,  and weapons, but the fluid controls and movement make the game easy to get into.The developer is publicly active and wants to help fix any issues/bugs. They promote content creation and are always able to answer any questions about the game and its production. Even with less than half of the content currently out, the game is easily worth the money and I would recommend it to all my friends."
,Recommended,315840,17476951,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,VP| Currystrike,If you have the chance to: get it!Catacomb Kids is very challenging and I always end up killing myself with fire.Great alternative if you get bored from other dungeon crawler games.Highly recomended!
,Recommended,315840,17262607,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cyan,"It works well and the idea is nice, however it hasnt been updated in 2 months, which is a huge worry. I wouldnt buy it at the moment, at least until the updates start again.Edit: Hurrah! A breath of life is brought back into catacomb kids recently! Due to just being some guy who watches all his early access games on steam, I haven't been ""in the loop"" with the community, the dev, and all thats been going on.The game is still being supported and updated--of course delays are going to come up and things are going to get in the way, however many plans for content are still being displayed via the official catacomb kids webpage, which is an assuring thing to see!Fanboy's are the only problem though, although I'm pretty sure everything with a fanbase has the abusive type of them."
,Recommended,315840,17134693,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,DLions Just Bicken Back,"Great game with lots of potential. I hope the developer continues working on this game, because I could see it becoming an even better game."
76561198015531498,Recommended,315840,16622102,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eriktion,amazing mechanics - still missing content
76561198064153477,Recommended,315840,14974990,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,williampk,"I recommend this game to anyone who loves rpg and arcade games.  I absolutely love this game, I havent even played that long (when i wrote this review. i will be playing much more) I would honestly pay thirty dollars  for this game if that is what it asks.  But of course it is an alpha and there are bugs and not a huge amount of content, but I find it hard to see this game as even the slightest bit repetetive.  Looking forward to seeing this game grow and thrive, like it deserves, and the awesome people who made it.  10/10 and good work devs"
,Recommended,315840,15799207,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rubelski,"So far what I've played, this has been amazing. It's in early access for a reason, though. There have been some bugs (ex. in the tutorial the magic book keeps burning and respawning infinitely after using it).I can't wait to see what more is implemented, it's a really good concept, the gameplay is smooth and the artstyle is beautiful.I suggest getting the game, during of after early access. Not disappointed one bit."
76561198070508383,Recommended,315840,14715006,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Symetrica,"EARLY-ACCESS REVIEWRogue-like platformer at its finest.Can't really recommend it to newcomers to the Roguelike genre.It blends all the best elements from titles such as Spelunky, Rogue Legacy and The Binding of Isaac but adds some complexity in the platforming mechanics.The pacing is also very good, balancing the dungeon crawling caution with precise and tactical combat, rewarding plannig and cunning and almost instantly punishing carelessness.Make no mistake. This game is very hard and death can sometimes feel cheap but this is usually your own fault.Though this is only an alpha it is really polished. At least what is there.There might be some sounds missing and the procedurally generated dungeon layouts could use some tuning but these are petty concerns and I have been having a blast every second that I have been playing."
,Recommended,315840,14701706,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sparko,"Fair enough I have only 1.1hrs in record and that has been enough to make me enjoy this fun little challenging treasure of a game. It's a Rogue-like/action-plataformer game packed with an amazing movement system: dodge, wall climb, free-run, jump, crounch jumo, etc. tons of weapons, armor, usables. throwables,etc. The game if super fun and frustrating but that is part of the enjoyable nature of the game.I recommend this game completely quite a little fun experience."
76561198030774454,Recommended,315840,14712614,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Brev.theDev(),"+ Procedurally-Generated Dungeons+ Procedurally-Generated Characters+ Fantasy enemy tropes with decent implementation+ Generally avoidable, but clever and brutal traps+ Decent Item variety, and some minimal craftingesque item use.+ Consumable enemies (Wha...?)- Only 2 Classes to choose from- Price point high for the amount of content currently availible- Occasionally clunky controls with keyboard"
,Recommended,315840,15228125,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DoubleNeg,"This game is basically the child of Splunkey and Rogue Legacy.  But when it was growing it up, it just wanted to be more retro.  Like it's grandpa, Nethack, so he grew up to be a ARPG version of a very much more roguelike enviroment.  Speaking of envrioment, prepare to die.  Everything will kill you if you aren't ducking, rolling or running for it.I like this game.  If you like games that are hard, random, brutal adventures in figuring things out get this game."
76561198042111099,Recommended,315840,15234925,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,zzender1,The mark of a great roguelike to me is that 'one more time' feeling you get after you die. Even if you die repeatedly in the most absurdly unfair ways possible. This game easily evokes that feeling and shows extreme promise even in t his early state.
,Recommended,315840,14893009,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HenryFBP,"Amazing. Hard as ♥♥♥♥, very polished appearance, rock-solid dodging bashing and controls are very tight.Don't play if you don'tl like dying every few minutes."
76561198107559338,Recommended,315840,15161851,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,4 y a r d o,Catacomb kids be a badass or die in a pit full of globs and bats.
76561198026611863,Recommended,315840,15202665,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NeoNamberg41,"This game is super fun, atleast if you are willing to accept the fact that you will die in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ways that you could ever imagine, but I think that that's like 50% of the fun! If you like spelunky, this is a must buy"
,Recommended,315840,15170924,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,buster3mc,"I've logged 20.8 hours.  I've died over 1,000 times.  10/10 would die again.Seriously though, this is a gem of the rouge-like dungeon crawler genre.  If you're considering buying it, buy it.  If you already have it, tell other people to buy it."
,Recommended,315840,15135731,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CoolRanch,"I found this game and saw that in the description it said brutal platformer roguelike game. Came in thinking with them saying brutal it was really just to hype it up, but man was I wrong. I'm a guy who enjoys games that are hard and kick your♥♥♥♥♥at times, but this game not only kicks your♥♥♥♥♥it then kicks you on the ground robs your house and takes your wife.To get to the point I really enjoy this game and will be playing this game a lot. You guys have gained a new fan and please continue the good work."
76561198038794179,Recommended,315840,15137499,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,𝓡𝓪𝔃𝓪𝓶𝓪𝓽𝓪𝔃𝓮,"To get to the point... Awesome game. When I first got the game I found it really hard to get used to, but after a while I came to really enjoy the quick death, strat creating, and fast thinking action. Plus there's fishies!GR8/10"
,Recommended,315840,14767979,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Zesty,Delightful roguelike. Can't wait for future updates.
,Recommended,315840,14752414,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,megami_twist,"Oh my god I am just loving this game soooo much.I can clearly see the creator poured a lot of work into this game (yes I know its a beta, and yes I'm still in love with it so far). I've had it for a while now and it blows every other game like it OUT OF THE WATER. The multpule reactions of enviroment, ememies, items, and of coarse the player are amazing. The in game physics and enviroment effects are pretty good. Experimting is terrfying yet satifying at the same time! Thank you for creating this, I even got a friend of mine on it too. I'm gonna end this here cause I don't know if I've played long enough to find any flaws or if this game is just that great....with more to come!"
,Recommended,315840,14744874,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Krolik,"youre gonna die, alot, and youll feel like you deserved it. You'll be running, fighting, jumping, gathering, and ultimately, dieing. Every hit you take brings you closer to death, hell sometimes you may only get hit once. You must be cautious, and use the enviroment to your advantage.The catacombs are riddled with traps, everywhere. You'll die from those, lakes of fire, bats, blobs, goblins, mummys, a boulder...thing. Youll get spells that are awesome visually, then you use them and realize the spells themselves have actual physics and set yourself onfire, which will make you run around, into the spike pit below, dead. You will see a switch to an anchor trap, and try to make an enemy get crushed by it, only to have the enemy laugh and roll behind you, hit you, knock you back into the landing area, and get crushed.The best part? You wont get angry, you'll just kind of laugh. Atleast I do, my deaths are either from innattentiveness (spellcheck?), or from my plans going horribly wrong because of poor execution.If I could record from my crappy pc Id show you some awesome stuff, but i cant, because of my crappy pc. Speaking of which, if you own a crappy pc, you should pick up this game, its one of the few that runs awesome, is fast paced, and has you on edge the whole time. Its only draw back? Not multiplayer, which to me, i'd love to see, but I can also understand why it isnt, it would be a race to find the level orb.10/10, and there's even more to come. Great alpha, and its cheap."
76561198047396649,Recommended,315840,14698179,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,corpralcobra,"this is a VERY cool game, and its so much fun. its very difficult and requires some skill, but easy to learn and pick up on all the rules and controls. i cant wait to see what they do with it in the future."
76561198068177616,Recommended,315840,14731371,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Spooky,"Amazing game! Warning, this game is very hard. You will die over and over again, but after every death you feel as if you have learned somthing new and improved your play. Very rewarding as well as fun."
76561197971863540,Recommended,315840,14841503,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ebanuel,"Physics, Procedualy Generated, RPG, Roguelike, Charming like a kitten baby, Difficult as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gore, already loads of Fun and still so much more Planned. Everything there in my Book. Where can i Buy again?"
76561198092447536,Recommended,315840,14842127,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,mporter223,great game overall just a few issues with the controls like when in the tutorial when it makes you roll and jump at the same time its a bit difficult and dieing will happen alot
76561198066554218,Recommended,315840,14843005,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Taliesin,"I'm going to be honest when I say this game isn't worth the $16 price tag YET.This game shows AMAZING promise, The combat and platforming is complex and controls fluidly. the terrain will work against you, but if you can think up a way around it you can beat almost any opponent.Also you can wield books as weapons WHICH IS FREAKING AWESOME.If you think you'll like it, Follow the game, wait till its either finnished or on sale.If the devs keep going the way they are now, this game will be well worth the price."
,Recommended,315840,14679449,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,_Uno #TellSnaffsei,"If you like Spelunky for it's challenging and tactical choices, you'll definitely enjoy this."
,Recommended,315840,15071644,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AlmostMatt,"It's still in development so there are only a few classes and some level up skills don't do anything yet, but the game is fun and has a lot of potential.The game is quite hard and I mostly just die a lot, but I can tell that I am improving, and it's fun to try to understand the mechanics enough to live longer, There are a lot of interactions between various objects, actions, and enemies, that allow for some creative play."
76561198031155598,Recommended,315840,30453029,Posted: 11 March,all,Leonardo d20,"This game is a real rogue-like gem with alot of potential reserved for the future, you won't regret buying it. Heck, it even has  co-op! The hell you are waiting?"
76561197969297942,Recommended,315840,19229040,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,merk,"The most fun you'll have dying horribly fast. Deaths are varied and inevitable. Your limbs will be severed. You will burn alive. The floor is made of lava. Unless it is water, then it is made of piranhas. Plus bats and goblins and slimes. And you can eat them, but you may choke on a bone. You can die that way, too."
,Recommended,315840,19218558,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cryoplazma,"I like this game. I have played it a few times and I'll have to say, its not easy.You will die.You will die again.You will get better... and die.But, after a while. You will have that run. The good one where you feel unstoppable... and you will die.Its a great game! Takes a kind of pace that you don't find in your typical platformers. Really makes you think what you need to do before you make your next move.My one and only con that I will point out is; this game is not updated very often. For a 8 bit platformer game, I personally feel, this game isn't updated fast enough. Every 2-3 months I might see a update. I'm unsure if this is someones side project. But after all the sales its made so far, I belive that it needs a to be close to being finished by now and its not.I still recommend it though. Get it on sale if you can!"
,Recommended,315840,19245826,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,sevrl bats,"a brutal action roguelike sidescroller that when you first manage to get a long go at you'll go ""oh man I bet no one's ever made it to level 9 before"" then you'll open the wiki and discover you haven't even met a real boss yet and they happen ""every ten levels."" it's not a game I play every day, but now and then a Saturday will start with ""a game of Catacomb Kids,"" which will then turn into eight hours of Catacomb Kids. play it; you deserve it."
76561197968538009,Recommended,315840,19397326,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,d3m0n5,Awesome roguelike with constant updates incl. new features. If you're into Vagante then you HAVE to get Catakomb Kids
76561198048974553,Recommended,315840,17113201,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Popcork,Had 1 HPPicked up a hot potatoBurnt my self and died.Such depthmuch potatopotato/10
76561198052027978,Recommended,315840,19452519,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,statik.v87,"This game is incredibly fun~!  It is unforgiving and kills you alot, but that is part of the fun.  There are so many different ways to play. Just gotta roll with whatever you roll.  You might end up as a Bully with sword skills (which are awesome), a Wanderer with lots of speed and dagger skills, or a Poet that solves roomfulls of Grumbles with Flame Wave all day.  Also, you might wanna avoid combat around blue torches, unless you like having to fight the Death Reaper.  Unless you think you are ready for it on floor 3?? lol.   ^ ^"
76561198040308115,Recommended,315840,19568182,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Toaomb,"TLDR: Amazing game, endless replay value, very difficult, get this game if you like roguelikes and randomly generated levels. Not turn based, combat is very fast with a high skill-cap.So Catacomb Kids contains elements from other roguelikes likePermadeathRandomly generated dungeonsUnidentified potionsSpellsClassesUsable itemsAnd a fully interactive environmentBut expands upon that with a quick, easy to learn but difficult to master, combat system.This game is for sure worth your money, it has a high learning curve but once you get it the game is amazing."
,Recommended,315840,19409452,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Koshercub,Tutorial is a bit confusing. Doesn't really explain magic well and no real reset button (that I can think of). But it's fun and I'm all for indies who actually give a funduck so I recommend. 7/10
,Recommended,315840,19864455,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mr Winter,Extremly great game even for being in alpha well worth picking up and giving a play if you love evil rogue likesbut be ready for the occasional crash at this early stage of the game!
,Recommended,315840,20275980,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,InstinctiveAnarchist97,dying simulator10/10
,Recommended,315840,17410832,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,syst_xm,Randomly generated maps and character stats? No respawns? Infinite death possibilities? 10/10.
,Recommended,315840,17929773,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,baconprison,this game is pretty good and has alot of things in it (considering theres one person working on this game) but this game lacks potentional its a very fun game but theres only 5 levels to it (which after 20 hours its gameplay becomes dull) this game for what it has is very good indeed but even if the dev completed it today unless it will go through a big overhaul the game will basically be the same the entire game it lacks much to it and it just dosen't have how do you put it... the things to make a bigger and better rpg its gameplay will basically be the same i'd just like this game to have potential cause for the first 15 hours it was a blasti want this game to have moreto have an endand to soon have co-op (i understand hes working on this right now)it just isn't enough to go much furtheri'd honestly wait to buy this game cause i have no idea which way it is leading right now i made the mistake of buying an incomplete game save your money for later to make sure your buying a full game(this game still is fun though) 7/10p.s also this dev can't really make a decsion on what he wants his game to be like so he is spending more time on the minor changes (shopkeeper menu graphics) than he really should be at least he is working hard agasin't bugs just dosen't seem like at the end of the day he gets as much work done as he should
76561198011356576,Recommended,315840,14954300,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Fairly Phallic,"Great game as of now. Tons of inovative annd awesome content, Not many glitches, nothing game breaking.Final release promises to be absolutley incredible."
76561198289590202,Recommended,315840,22042077,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Shwiny,"Catacomb Kids is a hard and fast paced rogue-lite, platforming, action and adventure hybrid. You play as a 'Kid' who can jump, climb, slash, smash and stomp their way towards the end of each level, among other things. Through the use of new skills and equipment, your 'Kid' progresses through each run.Even in early access this game is smooth and is chock full of features, with many more to come and I've come across very few bugs with currently 13 hours of playtime (with many more guarenteed).So far I would very easily recommend this to anyone who is interested in other games in the rogue-lite genre (and even if you aren't you'd probably love it)."
76561198019139918,Recommended,315840,29474784,Posted: 24 January,all,Grey Poupon,"Really big fan of this game, even at this early access stage. It look many attempts before I was able to progress to level 3. It is hard.It requires patience, strategy, and platforming dexterity. I look forward to a more complete package and its success."
76561198259475498,Recommended,315840,29380095,Posted: 20 January,all,augusto,"Good game, good mood, nice mechanics.That said, the game is pretty hard, you die a lot and rarely gets to deeper levels. This is a roguelike way to hide de lack of content that this alpha game suffers from.All in all, worth the price, but no gem.7.5/10 would drink potion of flames again"
76561198024272993,Recommended,315840,29366593,Posted: 19 January,all,Cory with a K,"Sooooo this game is hard. As in, a single trap can kill you at full health an hour into a run hard... I'll start off by saying that.My buddy and I got it to play couch co-op and he rage quit pretty quick.I on the otherhand stuck with it for a bit. It CAN feel a bit unfair at times (in that roguelike kinda way) but offers so many crazy moments and interactions between the environment, items, enemies, and various spells/abilities that it makes it worth it.I WOULD really like to see an easy mode so I can play with my friend but I also respect the Dev sticking to his guns about this being a BRUTAL roguelike.Overall I'd say 8/10 or so.Pros:- tight controls- very cool and unique interactions- I like the class system- more to comeCons- hard sooo hard sometimes lol- feels super lame to die in 1 hit to many traps, sure they telegraph but things get hectic and it's a hell of a way to lose a run- co-op balances the advantage of having 2 players by splitting levels between you. This leads to having less health. This leads to death. you CAN bring them back (if you can kill a bunch of monsters while underpowered) but they come back at level 1"
76561198080162919,Recommended,315840,29094333,Posted: 7 January,all,Greg the Sloth,"Super fun game, and each update leaves more to explore. There is a learning curve but discovering all the crazy things you can do in this game is part of the fun! I'd recommend only looking up spoilers if you really can't figure out what a certain thing does. Keep up the good work FourbitFriday!"
,Recommended,315840,29689964,Posted: 4 February,all,mesa,Insanely hard game you will spend alot of time rerolling characters. But if you are ready for that and enjoy dungeon roguelikes you will enjoy this. It's probably not worth the price but buy it when it's like 50% off that's what I did.
76561198074498743,Recommended,315840,16265534,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Willops,"An incredible game that challenges players to think outside the box, I've been playing this game for hours on end but I'm still discovering new things every playthrough!"
,Recommended,315840,30089826,Posted: 21 February,all,Aetrym,Very good! feels really smooth! I love the way everything interacts with each other! give us moooooore!
,Recommended,315840,27500360,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Swabbleflange,"I'm writing this for the awards badge, but happy to pipe up that it's a superb game already and has the potential to be something really special."
76561198077033936,Recommended,315840,27619250,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vivacore,Love this games aesthetic as well as the amount of options provided in playing on what your character can do. Catacomb Kids really treats each encounter as it's own challenge and provides the player with an engaging and though-provoking experience.
,Recommended,315840,27952819,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rone,"Really hard game that keeps you going until two in the morning.Not much story and lore content, but that is to be expected (Early Access)I've watched this game devlop as far back as when it was ok Kickstarter.Don't miss out on this Rouge-Lite gem."
,Recommended,315840,27986838,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Furey,"Excellent sidescroller. Tight controls, punishing gameplay. A rogue like that keeps me coming back because of the huge variety and innovation available."
76561198152007012,Recommended,315840,29210384,Posted: 12 January,all,flying spellbook,Hey! That's pretty good!
76561198071709752,Recommended,315840,35214676,Posted: 25 September,all,noego,"This is the best game that I can't play because I lack the required skill. If you're good stuff like Spelunky or the Binding of Isaac, give yourself a favor and try this one out. ButthurtNeverFeltSoGood/10."
