user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,315850,14207624,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Denilson Sá,"* Thecontrolsare okay, butdon't feel ""right"".* There seems to be aslight delay between a button press and the action, maybe caused by vsync. But there is no option to disable vsync.* Thejumphas afixed height. You have air control, but the movement feels fast and imprecise. Good luck jumping on moving and disappearing platforms.* Themelee attackhas avery short range. Since you move too fast, sometimes it is hard to get close enough to attack without being hit.* You can jump on top of some enemies, but that just bounces you back up; it does not damage them. However, given how imprecise the controls are, it is very likely you will miss and get hurt.* You can pick up some objects or dead enemies and throw them. However, the throwing has a fixed angle/distance,you can't throw in any direction. Also, some objects/enemies are heavier (but some stuff that looks large and heavy is not heavy, such as a table, a wardrobe or a clock).* When there are multiple overlapping objects/enemies to pick up, Sarah never picks up the one that I expected.* There is a water river in castle 3. The water current will move you, but it won't move any object or dead enemy. That's an arbitrary design decision that makes no sense and breaks the player intuition.* The water continues to move you sideways even while you are jumping and not touching the water anymore.* The fire enemy survives water.* The camera tries to help by moving a bit further while you are moving, but the effect is that thecamera looks drunk. Also, there are manytraps outside the camera view.*Unskippable cut-scenesthat pause the action for too longwith nothing happening. That intro animation before the main menu shows up? Unskippable. That boss animation? Takes a while doing nothing. That Game Over screen? Get used to it, it takes a while to get back to action.*Cheap traps, such as a dozen moving platforms with random bats moving around and spikes at the bottom.*Bosses requires too many hits, so that the boss fights become boring.*Bosses feel unpolished. The lava attack from the flying demon boss destroys any enemies, even those that are safe under the platform. However, in the Cursed mode, bats still spawn behind the lava and you can't see them until they hit you. The head animation from the knight from castle 5 is buggy (it starts flying back even when the player is picking it up, and then it teleports back to the player; a second head drops down even after the boss is defeated if it is defeated while throwing the head).* Very disappointing true last boss fight.*Random crashes.Overall, this game inducesrage-quitfeelings. It is not complete garbage, but it is not polished enough.On the bright side, the graphics are good. If this game was made by just one person alone, congratulations! Making and releasing a game is not easy."
,Recommended,315850,12847441,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"First off let's get the obvious out of the way. You look at the title-screen for this game and what do you see? A Princess. That's right, Sarah is a Princess, she's got the tiara, that's her castle in the background, and she's the daughter of a king. Now that we're done establishing the obvious let's talk about the game.PLOT: The King has been kidnapped by liliths, are you a bad enough princess to save the king?What makes Sarah so amazing is that she lifts. No really, she can hoist furniture as well as corpses over her head and toss them around. She also has a sword, which is used to make corpses. Depending on the type, enemy corpses have different properties when they're thrown. The most devastating are the liliths, as their bodies are highly volatile and damage everything on-screen. There are five stages, five bosses, a few hundred enemies, a bunch of checkpoints. I did the math and came to the following conclusion: getting through this game should be easy peasy lemon squeezy.  Turns out the math was wrong, Amazing Princess Sarah isn't that easy (that didn't sound right).This isn't Super Meat Boy, let alone I wanna be the Boshy, but the enemies do hit hard, pits are on the prevalent side, and you have to make do with a fairly limited pool of health. Candles hold life-replenishing hearts, but uh...they restore 2 HP. Sarah can also level-up, which adds....2 HP. Seriously though she also gets stronger, allowing her to do more damage with her throws and sword. The first play-through is liable to be a bit of a struggle. Eventually however things start to click. Enemies operate by specific rules. They don't attack unless they're facing you, so you can sneak up behind them with murderous intent. Archers only fire where you're standing, so move an inch and watch that arrow pass you by. You'll even figure out the trick to avoiding the stage 5 boss as he stomps around. Holding onto a corpse for the right situation can also prevent a headache or two.But that's not enough I'm afraid, you have to play New Game+ if you want to end the lilith menace once and for all. Hey, New Game+, play through the game again with all your level-ups? It's going to be Weekend at Bernie's! Well yeah, it is, except you're Bernie. There are multiple NG+ modes, and they get more difficult as you progress. In the first one, an invincible ghost follows you around. In the second , you're drunk, and it looks like your castle is on a boat in the middle of a storm. The third time around you receive a sweet double-jump, but get slapped with a stringent time-limit. Fourth time around? Your sword is only good for killing bats, and bats are lousy weapons. At this point I'm just doing my best to skip past enemies. I still have a few more play-throughs to go, but they all sound even worse.Amazing Princess Sarah is a follow-up to Akane the Kunoichi, same engine and everything. In every aspect it's an improvement. The controls are less slick, there's a better sense of challenge, and it's less repetitive. Yes, even though I've played through this game 4.6 times it's less repetitive than a game I played through once*. Some parts of the game can be frustrating, mainly when it involves picking up an object, hurling it, and it collides with a low ceiling instead of a monster. There are a couple other issues, namely crashes (at the 5th boss usually), and the stage 4 music is LOUD.This is a good game. Just do yourself a favor and look past the fact that she's a princess. Is it really that big a deal?*If you're going to be that guy and check my Steam achievements, I played through the Xbox Live Indie Games version of Akane the Kunoichi. I even got all of those freakin' kimonos."
,Recommended,315850,11773771,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,EpicGeekcast,The opinion of a Dad on a budget.Who here loved Super Mario 2? Did you love playing as Peach?If you answered yes to those questions then this game is for you. If you have never played those games or if you are too young to know what I am talking about then this game is still for you.Amazing Princess Sarah is a retro platformer with a modern soundtrack that pays homage to the much underrated Super Mario Brothers 2. The level design is tough but not impossible and the bosses are fun a quirky. There is also a surprising variety of baddies with cool powers.My criteria for a good budget game is 1 hour of fun for every $1 I paid. This is a $5 game and I am pretty sure I will get at least 10 of fun out of this one. So if you are looking for a super fun game pick this one you will thank me.Please check out my gameplay videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoX0TBHjn9AI cover cheap games on my podcast Steam on the Cheap fell free to subscribe to find out what budget games are worth your time. I waste my money so you don't have to.https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/steam-on-cheap-discovering/id899847567?mt=2Thanks and game on.
,Recommended,315850,14129254,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,|FTG|Skill,"""Skill why you play that game? Isnt that a gurly game?""I really liked Akane the Kunoichi and while looking on the store I found Amazing Princess Sarah which was also made by Haruneko Entertainment. So I thought to myself ""Lets buy this game dude!"". Unlike some other people who have posted bad reviews about this game I quickly switched the default controls into something more realistic because I can honestly say that the default controls were really bad. Best way to play it is to use a Xbax controller anyways.This game pretty much blew my mind on so many levels of happiness and frustration. The game is surprisingly fun to play and will pretty much kick your♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. In this sidescroller you play as Princess Sarah and need to save your father(The King) from the demon mistress Lilith.Sarah's main weapon is a sword. The button can be tapped fast to multiple fast hits. Sarah also has the ability to pick objects and fallen enemies up and throw them.There are 5 castle levels and each end with a big epic boss fight. The levels contains your standard enemies in the form of skeletons, zombies, flying demon chicks(They are hot), dudes that walk back and forth while dropping bombs, Big dudes that walk really slow unless they see you, flame sprite chicks that throw fire, archer dudes that shot arrows through the walls and ground, ghosts that walk around in armor, some flying ghost thing that you cant hit with your sword and those BATS THAT FLY ALL OVER THE ♥♥♥♥ING PLACE!The enemy and level layout is planned really well and killing an enemy makes it possible to pick their body up and throw at other enemies. Throwing some enemies like for example the flaming sprite chick will cause a fire attack to hurt the enemies that it hits. There is sort of a rpg element because get xp from killing enemies and you can level up which makes you gain +2 health points to your health bar.The game reminds me alot of Castlevania: Symphony of the night the way the game pauses for a moment when you level up and the design is simulair. You can also break candles to get hearts out of them to recover your health.Since my last reviews ive gotten some real constructive critisim that I will take use of now. So I will mention the Pros and Cons ^^.Pros:Female protagonistVariety in levelsReally epic and fitting music on some levelsEpic boss fightsGreat gameplayUnique gamemodes that you can unlock after you beat the game.Cons:Healthdrops(Hearts) recover 2 hp.The music fades out to nothing before fading back in.To short recovery time after being hit.Some huge objects can be throw far and others not.I have still not fully beaten the game since when you beat it the first time you unlock a new gamemode and after beating the game on that gamemode you unlock another gamemode and Im on the 5th gamemode so far and there is 2 more that I have yet to unlock so I guess its 7 gamemodes in total. Each of these gamemodes gives you a new challenge by adding a twist to the game. Some of these gamemodes adds a positive twist as well.Often when I start this game up or simply when im just playing it people ask me ""Skill why you play that game? Isnt that a gurly game?"" and other times people mention the boob art on the title screen like ""Woah Skill its that boobgame!"". Please dont base your judgement on names or apperences. Sure there are as a matter of fact boob physics on Sarah and even the enemies in the game. But lets not attract the videogame journalists shall we?I give this game a 8/10"
76561197983966400,Not Recommended,315850,13731266,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Real_Sphagnum,"The controls are sluggish. As a consequence, you keep dying over and over and over again. Not because you suck, but because the Princess doesn't jump when her feet are clearly on the ground, or because she doesn't turn around fast enough to hit that bat that just conveniently appeared right behind you. The difficulty wouldn't be so aggravating if the controls were responsive.Super Meat Boy this is not."
,Recommended,315850,14313451,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Menacia,"Haruneko strikes again!!Just as with Akane the Kunoichi, Amazing Princess Sarah feels and plays like a platformer from the glorious 16bit era from the early 1990s. This means, it keeps its gameplay simple yet challenging and I mean really challenging, hard-unforgiving challenging. Additionally to a handfull of levels ever increasing in difficulty, there are several new game plus modes that alter gameplay in interesting ways and changing up the flow of the game.It may not be a master piece but it is more that worth its price of admission!"
,Not Recommended,315850,30696290,Posted: 23 March,all,∨∨ᴉ⊣CH HOUS3 S▲SH▲,First off it's got the look and sound of old school Castlevania with none of the feeling. This game is bare bones. No upgradable equipment or variety of special attacked. None. This game wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the awful controls. The controls are sluggish and make jumping from one platform to another a choir. Every platform in this game is slippery like the whole game is just one big giant ice level. If it weren't for the controls this would be a decent game as the very least. This game is a bit below average. 4/10
,Recommended,315850,11773853,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I've played this game for two hours so far and made it to the third of five castles. It's pretty good.- It's has a simple concept, aside from being able to hurl fallen enemies it's a very basic platformer- Platforming is challenging, I died a lot, sometimes it was frustrating but it's reasonably fair and it didn't make me want to quithttp://youtu.be/IZQkEcFtg3sAside from throwing bodies you can jump and use a basic sword attack. There is a good variety of enemies from the very beginning and throughout the game. This helped to make it more interesting.-----Platforming was hard. You have to avoid and deal with various enemies while you are jumping around, which made things complicated. There were several sections which I had difficulty with, at each one I died at at least 10-15 times. In the first castle there is room in which you must scale a series of small moving platforms. I constantly fell off them back to the bottom, just touching the stick on my gamepad slightly would often send my character dashing off these surfaces. This is the reason I say platforming in this game is *reasonably* fair not simply fair. I felt that the in that section the platforms might need to be a little bit bigger. But aside from that, yes I do think the platforming is fair. I enjoyed platforming in later sections more.-----Okay there is one thing that I think the needs to be changed, the bats. I spent 15 minutes trying to do another one of those moving platform sections and was failing over and over again. The bats that fly at you make it very difficult. Unlike other enemies they continually respawn. They move up and down so it’s really hard to time your attacks to hit them sometimes. It is especially difficult to kill bats when you are standing on a platform. If you turn around to face the right direction you will fall into a pit of spike and have to start the section again. So I think they should at least not respawn.-----There are checkpoints which are reasonably frequent. You have unlimited lives so you can return to them as many times as you need. Sometimes the game is a bit cruel though. For example I was caught unawares by some bottomless pits at the end of a long section before I reached the checkpoint so I had to start that bit over again. And after another particularly difficult section it is possible to miss the checkpoint at the end if you jump the wrong way. You can't actually see what's at the bottom of some falls. I think I would have cried if I jumped the wrong way after that lol. That definitely would have been unfair!-----Your character actually earns experience points by killing enemies to gain levels. At higher levels you have more health points and I think you might do more damage. I felt that this balanced out the difficulty because it meant the more you died the stronger you became. This is because during every attempt you make at a section you are killing monsters and leveling up. So each time you level up the game get's a little bit easier. I had trouble surviving sections with 80 health at around level 30. I would have had an extremely hard time if I only had the 20 health you start the game with.-----Surprisingly the boss battles were actually a relief from the difficulty of the platforming. I fought two of the bosses and I found them quite easy. I only died once at each one and was able to figure out how to beat them quickly. I don't know if they are intentionally easy. But it was a nice change of pace for me.I liked how the game looked. It reminded of a lot of various old titles, such as Dangerous Dave. It was pretty good nostalgic experience.I recommend trying this game out. It was fun and challenging. At the rate I was going I think you should be able to get your money's worth out of it in terms of hours of entertainment.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
76561198064300633,Recommended,315850,11771910,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,"Amazing princess Sarah is an amazing game especially for the price for the opening week it is £3.39 that is a brilliant price fo this game I ahve beaten the first 3 levels of this so far and am looking forward to the 4th. The game is hard let me tell you that now, you will die but if you like a game that challeneges you then this game is for you. I can't recomend this game enough. BUY IT you will not regret it"
,Recommended,315850,11989006,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,smashimi,"Fans of 2D platformers ought to enjoy this, as you take the role of pixelated busty Princess Sarah to stab c*nts and throw their corpses at other c*nts, all in the hopes of rescuing her father the King who seems to have taken a liking to assorted busty demonettes.Puzzles are easy enough, but the platforming can get a bit tricky, with plenty of traps to get in your way, as well as c*nts who will love knocking you around. The first stage was pleasantly nostalgic of Castlevania, as well as some of the boss designs. Also, those damn bats are almost as pesky as those Medusa Head c*nts whose purpose seems to be making the player scream and curse.The music in Amazing Princess Sarah is charming enough, with ambiant tunes playing while you explore various environments, and the soundtrack kicks it up to more rockin' tunes when battling it out with a boss.Definitely a recommended purchase, particularly for those who enjoy 2D platformers where stabbing and slashing annoying demon b*stards is a must."
,Recommended,315850,12005029,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Big Daddy Dub,"Despite the game's completely blatant fanservice (which I do not consider a bad thing as it does not get in the way of the game itself), this is a fun little RPG platformer that comes with a few twists and turns which are daunting at best and cheap at worst.There are enough levels, achievements, options, and challenges to keep you occupied for a while.  All in all, for any fans of platformer RPGs such as Metroid and Castlevania, I'd recommend giving this a shot.Be warned though, things do get tough almost immediately after the first level."
76561198067838736,Recommended,315850,12285645,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,(ISIG) Scorpionspear77,"A very fun and somewhat fanservicey platformer. It's very reminiscient of old NES and SNES games, especially Super Mario Bros. 2, due to the picking up and throwing mechanic. It gets very hard near the end, and the game is a little short, but the various New Game Plus modes offer some variation and you may just find yourself coming back to this one again and again.  Good fun and a definite reccomendation for people who like simple platformers."
,Recommended,315850,12017591,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Hexelf,"A good, solid platformer where you play a princess out to rescue her dad from the succubus Lilith. You run, jump and fight with a sword but the real gimmick of the game is your ability to pick stuff up and throw at enemies - you can even pick up previously defeated enemies and throw them as well. Different items enemies have different effects too, not just size or weight but throwing archers will create a rain of arrows on impact, throwing a succubus will act like a smart bomb and damage everything on screens, throwing ghosts allow you to hit enemies through walls et cetera.The game has a cutesy 16-bit look that makes it look like a Snes game and the difficulty is quite brutal, like many old-school platformers.Works really well with a 360 pad."
,Recommended,315850,11859259,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"Like classic Castlevania style platforming?Like jiggly well endowed heroines?Then someone made a game just for you!The game, while short, is certainly worth it's low entry fee, and is a lot of fun with some limited replay options. The game is hard but not to the point of utter frustration. The mechanics are simple and familiar, requiring no tutorial and letting you jump right into the game. There are only three main actions, jump, attack (simple left or right jabs) and the main gimmick, being able to throw fallen enemies and background clutter. The fallen enemies each have a set attack that is performed when you throw them, making them useful as a one-time special attack to get through the levels.The platforming requires a lot of precision and seems to have little forgiveness or feedback for making a mistake, if you go just a little too far to the left or right while jumping you may end up having to repeat a whole section. Check points are fortunately well spaced and each one leaves you breathing a sigh of relief once you reach it.The combat is perhaps what takes the most getting used to, your basic sword attack lacks any sort of real punch though you can kill well enough with it, the main mechanic is throwing things and finding out the best place and time to do so. It takes some getting used to but is fun all the same.Finally the visuals are pretty good, the backgrounds are a bit lackluster but get the job done and the level design is very game-y there for pure challenge, and lacking true aesthetics. The sprite work is top notch and each enemy is well drawn and animated. There is quite a bit of fan service in the designs but not so much as to turn off those who might otherwise be distracted by it, I rather enjoyed it though.There's not much of a story to speak of, the game is just pure clean (or maybe dirty) fun!"
,Recommended,315850,12978027,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Watching Shadow,"I'll start off by saying I have enjoyed this game quite a bit more than the first game by the same group (Akane the Kunoichi).  I think it's because the controls felt a lot more responsive than in that game.  Though having though back to that game it did have its fun points too.Anyways, Amazing Princess Sarah (APS) is a platformer that sorta has some RPG elements included.  You gain experience while killing enemies but you don't really gain a whole lot from it (your sword does a little more damage, and your hp slowly increases).  There is some replayability to this as when you beat it the first time around you unlock a New Game + (NG+) mode....Drunk Sarah.  It is the same levels over again, but with the screen tilting side to side like, well, you're drunk or something.  Each of the additional modes have their amusing quirks which adds to the charm.For the most part there isn't anything TOO difficult though the monsters can be pretty trolly at times.  Like in many platformers, as long as you are patient you'll find your way through whatever section is bothering you.  The bosses end up being rather amusing and include some simple strategy to discover to beat them. This strategy can vary on each playmode as well, so it's not a complete rerun of the same thing over and over.While I was sorta disappointed with the final ending (after playing through all the variations), it was satisfying to finally beat it.  The achievements themselves aren't a huge issue to complete as most are just progressing through the game anyways which I definitely prefer over how many games include a TON of farming/weird action achievements (there is 1 of each for this game but they're not bad).The soundtrack is pretty nice as well.  There's one track that sounds eerily like a song from a well known band but the other songs are fun to listen to and add atmosphere at various points.  Overall, I enjoyed the game a lot but like many platformers...just be patient (seems to be a thing on my reviews lol)."
,Not Recommended,315850,12212377,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,baja gaijin,"Hey, if you wanted another game in the vein of Akane the Kunoichi*, this title is for you. Otherwise, it's a rather slow-paced beat-em-up with low end RPG mechanics tacked on. You lift things and throw them to do damage, because your sword attack will always do minimum amounts. A clever mechanic: enemy corpses can be lifted and thrown, and each tends to have a special effect. (Archers explode in a spray of arrows, fireball enemies launch old-Castlevania Holy Water style projectiles, etc.) The problem is this is a neat trick in an unfun game. I can't recommend it.* You don't."
,Recommended,315850,11988209,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ArchivistX,"I liked it, but I did find it a little difficult do to getting use to the jumping machanics in the game. I still like the whole thowing enemies to other enemies."
,Recommended,315850,21341100,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Neon Henchman,"It may be classic to the extreme (which may or may not be a bad thing), but it does provide some interesting mechanics, although later in the game."
76561198150813959,Recommended,315850,12124848,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Alex,"This is an awesome game, the story so far is great.However, the graphics could be improved and the controls could be more intuitive."
,Not Recommended,315850,12015589,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,The Unyielding,"At first glance Amazing Princess Sarah looks like a promising platformer with some interesting elements to keep you going.This all stops at level two and all of a sudden the game starts to show elements that become grating.Enemy placement goes from thought out to stuff the room and just call it hard.Speaking of enemies many won't even do that much damage, but are exceedingly frustrating because each hit causes knockback and causes you to drop whatever you're carrying which is a real problem when you can't reach important enemies with your tiny melee attack.Enviromental hazards often match the color of the background and are difficult to see, and sometimes they'll be at the bottom of blind drops.The first few times you see the level up prompt there's a bit of excitement, when you realize it's just a small scaling to your health and damage being stopped for a few seconds becomes more of a hassle when moving through a tough patch.I hate to burn a game that is supposed to be a fun 5 dollar fix but when you give up on fun for frustrating mechanics and being only stubborn enough to finish it I can't reccomend this."
,Recommended,315850,11836583,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Grifken,>Great solid retro feel.>Controller scheme responds well.>Refreshing sidescroller with interesting level design.The pricing justify's the great refreshing experience.
76561198044917795,Recommended,315850,32839443,Posted: 26 June,all,Pale Caesar,"Enjoyable game. Simple, yet enough to keep interest, and the game lays down challenges for multiple play throughs, increasing total gameplay time. No problems with controls. Good looking sprite artwork. Recommended.Also, should be worth noting, this game was promoted strongly on Sarah's sex appeal. Don't be foolish enough to buy it for that. The simple yet addictive old school platforming is the meat and potatoes of this game."
,Recommended,315850,14331636,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[♥],"Great fun! Seriously!I got this for about 1$ (Sale + sold Steam cards) and I have to say the full price would have been worth it as well.I don't understand what other people are complaining about.This game is a fairly hard old school Jump'n'Run Game but thanks to a lot of checkpoints totally okay to play, even for casual gamers. The character is based on her ability to pick up and throw knocked out enemies or other items. Similar to Super Mario Bros. 2 on NES.The thing, depending on what you pick up it has different consequences. Throw an archer and it releases a bunch of arrows that hurt enemies. Throw a fire woman and it spawns a few flames. Throw a so called Fatty and it won't fly as far but it will do a lot of damage.It's a simple but fun mechanic which makes a very engaging game that you can play casually in a few minutes per session or in big chunks of time.Really don't understand the hate."
76561198046392723,Recommended,315850,13064745,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,redtailedryo,"Amazing Princess Sarah is a pretty cool game. It's got some bugs and some faults, but over all i find it very enjoibles to play."
76561198090456371,Recommended,315850,11812332,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,jpg.png,I support this game like Sarah's bra supports her boobs.
76561198072105366,Recommended,315850,13176737,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bazookya,"This game is very strange. It can feel very fun and incredibly rewarding. Then in almost an instant, cheap and poorly designed. This game is VERY HARD. It seems to use some old platformer tropes in good ways and bad. Enemies are placed in spots that require platforming and are seemingly random, or there are moments of unavoidable damage as you are swarmed by enemies, or knocked into a pit. It uses a very interesting mechanic that involves throwing items around you (furniture, rocks, statues, ect.) and also fallen enemies that yield different powers. Archers will explode in a hail of arrows, the flame monsters will shoot fire to each side from where they land. This little mechanic can make dealing with a group of monsters feel very rewarding with the right strategy (when the game isnt out right being unfair). The graphics are nothing special. The sprite work is okay, but looks like something out of RPG maker. You arnt playing this game for its stunning visuals. Although, at times it looks and feels like a castlevaina game and clearly pays homage with its gameplay elements and boss design.It is kinda hard for me to recomend this game. It has made me very frustrated at times, but never felt like there was no way i couldnt beat it without just beating my head over it. It has me coming back though, and after all the complaints, i do enjoy this game. If you find this game on a good sale, or want to feel how difficult and frustrating old platformers could be then check it out."
,Not Recommended,315850,24203740,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MrVariant,"This game has a mechanic of throwing dead enemies which is briefly fun because as my video illustrates,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeP_-UMYgMYlevel 2 is a nightmare. The areas are cramped, with a slippery icy floor and respawning icicles. The harpies go through walls, and whatever you throw breaks after hitting one guy (though exceptions are for more annoying enemies like the fires or arrows that emerge after they are thrown), unlike Super Mario Bros 2, making this useless and repetitive. I also can't stand how flipping switches slows up the game as it is not even a puzzle; just open a door for more annoying enemies to barrage you.The level ups also don't really lead to new moves, so it is another pointless concept. In short, this is essentially a Super Mario 2 ripoff mod with busted weapons (given space/1 use) and Ghosts 'n Goblins style barrage of difficulty (although at least you have a race to the next checkpoint which doubles as a save point) and cheap enemies like the harpy who rips off Red Arremer in Ghosts 'n Goblins. At least they should have went all the way, having her clothes break when about to die if they're going to just show Sarah's cleavage in the opening."
76561197983235397,Not Recommended,315850,15071369,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,theroadninja,"This game is made of all of the worst and most annoying jumping puzzles from every other platform game (I got to level 3 before realizing I'd rather be doing anything else).  There are a lot of moving/disappearing platforms with instant death as the consequence, and they are made worse by bats that are constantly flying across the screen, and also by a quirk of the engine that doesn't preserve your momentum:  if you are on a moving platform and you jump, you are suddenly going straight up.  Also, using your melee attack while jumping feels awkward.  Really everything about the jumping could use some work.There is a cool mechanic where you kill enemies and throw dead bodies at more enemies.  Indeed, its necessary even, because your melee attack doesnt do much against harder enemies.  Unfortunatey you don't get much room to play with it; you are constantly dealing with whatever ridiculous terrain problem they have you doing.Health power ups are rare and disappear in about 2 seconds.  Some puzzles nearly require throwable objects to complete, but throwable objects don't respawn.  Deadly falling spikes are not rare and do respawn rather briskly.The gameplay seems to be designed around playing for a very small amount of time and then dying, and then repeating that about a thousand times.  Sometimes the game is a lot of fun when you are traveling from the end of one puzzle to the beginning of another."
76561198072182182,Recommended,315850,13857634,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Amazing Princess Sarahis a major technical improvement over Haruneko's first game,Akane the Kunoichi-- but it's not nearly as fun.  The biggest problem is that Haruneko spent too much time slicking up their game engine and not nearly enough designing interesting levels for their new product.  The stages are generic, overly long, and too claustrophobic for Sarah's genuinely cool throwing attack to shine.  Extra emphasis on ""generic"": without exception, the levels are cramped and twisty pseudo-mazes that vary only in length and color.  Thankfully, the short main campaign ended just as boredom began to grip me in earnest.  I wasn't about to go for the ""true"" ending, which requires you to play through the same bland levels about 12 times with the added aggravation of various wacky handicaps (no sword, drunk filter, etc.)Sarahis not truly bad though, it's simply middle-of-the-road.  It's still enjoyable enough to spend a few bucks on if you are a platform-lover (it kept me amused on my stationary bike a good three sessions).  I was just really disappointed with this since I loved the mildly glitchy but well-designedAkane.  Perhaps Haruneko's next game will be something really special since their engine is all polished up and ready to go."
,Recommended,315850,11797149,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,That Rheeve Guy,Any game that lets you use Grandfather clocks and closets as weapons deserves attention.
,Recommended,315850,22992707,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Videogamevegas,"I have just scratched the surface of this one, but have already experienced tight controls and beautiful graphics and it's plain fun to play!  Just beware, its 8-bit Castlevania hard!"
76561198098607985,Recommended,315850,24366903,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kristy Blackclaw,"Armed short sword (which is little lame)and throw enemy, bomb and furniture that some have special effect (after ko)It had new game plus with new mode you keep your level.Same level with some kind of malus effect and higher lv enemy. (add replayability but you may get bored)The control work well with rebind key. didn't have major issueThe design layout is fun and annoying. (those annoying bats)THe boSS are okay.One boss wasn't easy where he can't don't hit you (safe place hit box)The camera don't follow down fast enough at some pointSome sound can be a little annoying. but the music is nice.Not Epic and a little short but worth your money if you not annoyed. Recommanded."
,Not Recommended,315850,23590586,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rosemon,"Bad level design, bad soundtrack, this is trash."
,Not Recommended,315850,16267857,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,bowlwithlegs,Just an overall poorly designed game. There are way better platformers out there than this. I got this in a bundle so it's not too bad but 5$ is definitely too much for a game with 5 crappy levels with 5 crappy bosses
,Recommended,315850,13513841,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Black,"After reading through negative reviews I came to the conclusion that they didn’t seem all that fair and so I decided to write this review which I will aim to keep reasonable short, concise and fair.The first thing that I think I should mention is that this game is hard and, at times, extremely frustrating; however please don’t write it off just for this reason. With this being said it’s a game I am yet to just quit and forget about, all the deaths which occur seem fair and I was able to get on with the game even if I muttered a few choice words under my breath.Let’s start with the controls! The default controls themselves are horrendous, but after I spent some time changing the binds around until I found a control scheme which fit the way I play I was able to play with some modicum of ease. Controllers are also supported however I haven’t played with one and so I can’t say anything regarding this method of input. The game also seems to be really picky about the location which you need to stand in order to pick up bodies and objects; you may first think that to pick up an item you need to stand to the side of it as you would in other games, however in Amazing Princess Sarah you are required to stand in the dead centre, which is either in front of it for a game object or on top of it for a body and if you are off slightly you just won’t pick it up – there is no room for error. This mechanic bugs me a lot. On a certain level you are required to pick up and then throw bodies and objects to defeat a boss whilst being on the run the entire time, if you miss even a couple of bodies you’re going to be out of luck and will have to restart the fight; coupled with this awkward mechanic it took me quite a few attempts and several swears to be victorious.With regards to the controls again, even after rebinding them to suit my play style I still had a lot of trouble stopping in the right places because Sarah seems to have banana peels for shoes, causing her to slide and have trouble stopping where you want her to as well as accurately performing jumps, however that last one might just be because I’m terrible.I also noted that a quote from the review bydigitallydownloaded.netdescribed the game as“One of the best Castlevania-inspired titles”. If they were referring to the awkward controls that these generations of games had then they are dead on, unlike the jumps I attempted to make.I know what you’re probably thinking now. “Why would I want to spend my time playing a game with bad controls and awkward mechanics? Why should I bother buying this game now?” Well, allow me to continue.Despite having extremely awkward controls and mechanics the game is very enjoyable and takes absolutely no prisoners regarding the mechanics and enemies. Save points in this game are statues which automatically save the game as soon as you are close enough, however the trouble with this is that the levels are fairly large and the statues scarce. This means you may have to clear a large section of the level to get to a save point and if you die before you manage to reach one you go straight back to your last save point or, if you haven’t reached one on that level yet, back to the start. You have a set amount of health which increases as you level up and as far as I am aware there is no way to restore your health midgame other than getting a Castlevania-style heart to drop from a defeated enemy or a destroyed game object, however this seems a fairly uncommon occurrence and eve then your health isn’t replenished by much. This isn’t too bad as the enemies don’t deal a great amount of damage but the enemies who do can easily be avoided or killed from a safe position, in fact the only way you die instantly is to pitfalls deaths.The game has a variety of different enemies ranging from zombies and skeletons to demonettes and fire elementals each of which have their own attacking style. When an enemy is killed you have a window of time to pick up the body before it fades away to use it as a weapon, when you want to use it as a weapon you throw it using the key you normally use to attack, when the body collides with a solid instance it actives in a unique way for each enemy. I won’t say anything else regarding this in fear of spoilers and to allow you, a potential player, to find out for yourselves and figure out in what situation a specific body would be beneficial. The final enemy I will mention are the Bats, which are seemingly everywhere. There is what appears to be an infinite number of bats flying about on each level in fixed paths and positions whose sole purpose is to distract and infuriate the player by dealing damage to Sarah and knocking her off the platform she just jumped too all the way down to the bottom, this definitely adds to the difficult and charm as well as adding a Castlevania-style feel to the game. If you don’t spend at least 20 minutes trying to navigate a set of platforms in one particular level then you must have hacked the game.Sarah’s only weapon is a sword which doesn’t do a great deal of damage but can perform critical hits which make up for this. Environmental objects can also be picked up such as grandfather clocks, tables and chairs which can all be thrown at enemies to deal greater amount of damage as well as being able to perform critical hits which deal a very high amount of damage to all enemies. This mechanic is something very out of place in a game about a Princess but it works and it adds to enjoyment of the player and without it the gameplay itself wouldn’t stand up to much.Amazing Princess Sarah is a very standard 2D platform game with slight RPG elements. Slight elements being you have health which increases as you level up, you gain XP for defeating enemies and you are able to level up to an infinite level. Your goal is to save your father who was seduced and kidnapped by Lilith and to do this you must fight your way through 5 castles. Why 5 castles? The only reason I can think of as to why the developers would make it castles is due to her being a Princess and her father the King. But why would Sarah need to fight her way through 5 different castles to rescue her father? Doesn’t she know where Lilith’s castle is? No could be an appropriate answer for this question, but the concept itself is fairly weak, flawed and quite standard when it comes to these types of games. However this again adds to the nostalgic feel that you are playing an older game.The game itself is also quite humorous and got a couple of giggles out of me. For one the characters breasts are animated along with her sprite meaning that they move as you move, this is the same for the other female enemies in the game such as the fire elementals and demonettes who also scream for help when you pick them up to throw them. The bosses are very different to what you might expect and are completely out of place for a Princess game, but that’s what makes this game what it is and that is a fun, challenging, frustrating 2D platform game that you’ll want to continue playing until you complete it.Iwould recommend this gameif you like 2D platforming games, don’t mind the fact there is no way to change the difficulty which is essentially based on your own skill which builds up as you play, and if you don’t mind the story and enemies which make little to no sense.If you don’t like difficult and challenging games or 2D sprite based platformer games then this game isn’t for you.I do believe that anybody can enjoy this game if they are willing to spend time playing it and that if you see it on sale you should definitely pick it up if you’re unsure about it."
,Recommended,315850,13642781,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Meow,"Now, let me start off saying that it is no surprise to me that the game, as of this time, is rated with ""mixed"" feelings, as I, myself, have them about this game. But this game is by no real means a ""bad"" game, but it's not really a grand game either. It's in that grey zone of ""eh, it's not great, it's not bad, it's just....par"".The game gives you two methods of attack, a tiny butter knife called a sword that does barely any damage, and being able to pick up dead foes and random objects for the real attack power. Each foe has special properties to them that makes this title stand out a tad bit, but the same enemies are in every stage, and they don't start doing pallete swaps until stage 3, which makes the previous stage feel a tad dull. On the bright side, though, it enables you to learn and plan use of your foe's corpses.The game also has a neat handicap mechanic, as I like to refer to it, where you can level up by killing foes for exp. This makes it where every time you die, you retain your gained exp and can take a few more hits and deal some more damage so you can shrug off foes easier, but if you're good at the game, you'll have a harder time because you won't absorb as much exp. Thus why I refer to it as a handicap, and I approve of this.However, due to the same enemies appearing over and over, and there not really being any sort of mechanics besides ""throw foes, hit switches, jump on platforms"", this game is pretty dull. But hey, if you're desiring a platformer and have a few bucks, then I guess I can suggest this.Plus, there are extra game modes once you beat the game once, so there's...I guess replayability. There you have it."
76561198006974228,Recommended,315850,11907623,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,mechaghost2003,its a fun and funny little game.
,Recommended,315850,20385991,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tara Babcock,"I absolutely love this game. Pixelated boobies! Honestly, this is a well-done indie game that will remind you of Castlevania and other great retro games, but attention is actually paid to it, giving it a modern feel. And it's not at all glitchy (which can be hard to find in indies sometimes.)"
,Recommended,315850,14542137,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,dragon_blade,So if your are an achievement hunter i am not as a rule. But this is a pretty easy 100%  you go through the game 7 different times  but each time throws a twist at you.You are drunk one time naked and helpless another time a vampire ect Platforming is done really well in fact you can be on a block while just one little pixel of your foot in touching it. Think of this game like castle vania with rpg elements trhowen in the mix. Each level you gain you gain a small ammount of health.be warned though this game is actually pretty hard dont get me started on the bosses cant tell you how many times i wanted to throw my controller.As long as you dont mind a challange you should buy this game.
,Recommended,315850,12088396,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Giodyne,Your girl sarah kicking some booty picking things up and throwing them gg
,Not Recommended,315850,13860219,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dakusan,Got very boring very quickly. Games story felt tacked on. The lack of music made it even less emersive than it already felt.
,Recommended,315850,12811339,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Netherfiend,Another solid entry from this developer. Tight controls on this short but sweet action platformer. Lots of replay value in the New Game+ modes.
,Recommended,315850,11778707,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Toph Bei Fong's Ben-Wah Balls,"I hate bats.Edit: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bats aside, this is a surprisingly fun platforming game. It provides enough challenge to where I can't get too frustrated at it while being fun at the same time. The immediate style reminded me of the early 2000's Castlevania games which is a huge plus for me. The music goes with the flow of the game and doesn't have any negative aspects that I can complain about. Bosses so far are fun and again I am reminded of the Castlevania series when seeing what their attack strategy is. I can't wait to beat this game and play through all of the New Game+ modes.tl;dr versionPros-Great graphical style-Good music-Responsive controls-Challenging-Fun-Throwing a wardrobe into a bat's faceCons-Death screen takes a bit too long, interrupting the flow of the fast-paced gameplay-Level up screen also interrupts gameplay-BatsIn the depressingly amount of crappy ""indie"" games that have bloated Steam's library, this is one of the shining gems that stuck it's chest out and made you take a good look at it before having your fun."
,Recommended,315850,11802464,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,zrotalent,This game is Turbo Grafix as ♥♥♥♥EDIT: oh my god the first NG+ mode has you running away from your own ghost who's mad at you for getting yourself killed so often.
,Recommended,315850,11773974,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Techim,"Hail the succubus enemy.Pick up a defeated one, and she'll start making suggestive ""ah"", ""ah"", ""ah"" sounds.With three different intonations !!Oh, and throwing her (even if it's into the wall or onto the floor without hitting other enemies) is a nice way to rack up that experience multiplier since it almost always kills all non-boss enemies on the screen."
,Recommended,315850,12062975,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,StylixDS,"Fun game, though the controls feel a bit stiff. It isn't anything game breaking but it will cause some frustration now and again."
76561198115827522,Not Recommended,315850,12078991,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,kraghak,The level design is good but the jump controls are terrible.
,Recommended,315850,11934500,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DaytonTrent,A truly fun piece of work.Everything from the music to the gameplay is truly well done.Worth my $5.00.
76561198021938563,Recommended,315850,16446433,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[*] TD [*] Tiger the Great,"Definitely better than Akane, HANDS DOWN.Movement is now much more fluid and responsive, including character's running speed, air control and melee combat options, for what these are worth. The game is indeed short for a single run - but there's enough new game+ modes to keep one coming back to finally tear Lilith a new one. Trust me, it's worth it.The graphics are good. Oldschool-style good. Music is quite moody and I even copied it from the game folder to keep listening from time to time.As for the gripes I have with this - well, the difficulty is very uneven. At times it's just right, at times it's ridiculously easy and at times it can make one break their controller in half (I'm looking at you, Third Boss On Bat Princess Mode! I'm looking at you, ALL BOSSES On Cursed Princess Mode, damn things should give at least one more minute for the battle, seriously, it's just overkill).Overall, while I wouldn't recommend Akane by a long shot, Sarah is spared from most of her ailments while having little of her own. 4/5."
76561198165442724,Recommended,315850,13636766,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Andrew,"First of all, I'm a platfomer junkie. :)I loved this game, the price is right and the difficulty well balanced.  Sequel. NOW."
76561198077366898,Not Recommended,315850,11985327,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ReallyFeelingIt,"I was super excited for this game when it was first released, but poor controls, sloppy art design, odd difficulty placement and horrible looping music ruin the good ideas this game presents.3/10"
76561198205667257,Not Recommended,315850,18828255,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dragnfly,"When push comes to shove this is a small game by an independent developer which I got on sale for less than $2. One might think that voids my right to have any criticism at all. No because time is also invested and that's even more important than money.Amazing Princess Sarah is a platformer with a few pretty good ideas to it that ultimately spits in all their faces. An EXP system lets our cantaloupe-chested heroine get stronger and have more HP. Although you have a sword it's far more beneficial to pick up objects or fallen enemies to throw. This is the game's primary mechanic and it works great because different downed enemies have different behaviors when thrown. The ogres slow you down, limit your jumping but do loads of damage. Bats fly far and fast when thrown. Elementals send a magic wave left and right. Succubi clear the screen. And there are enough different enemies to warrant some varied playthough for the raw-fighting areas.The platforming is average, which would no doubt drive most players crazy. I can't count the number of times a bat or stray arrow knocked me off a cliff but it'd be somewhere between Castlevania 1 and Whomp`Em. But lives are infinite and checkpoints are fairly frequent (often just before and just after a brutal area) so the frustration is far less than it would've been in the early console era.Graphics-wise the game is good enough. That titlescreen is beautiful and truthfully foretells the fanservice level. While the monsters themselves are generic flair they're well-made. There's only so many ways you can design a skeleton or zombie after all. I will give the bosses some flack though since most of them just look out-of-place. I understand that sprites that huge could be a problem but each time I saw one I was reminded of an old flash game I tried to make once where I was very lazy with the enemies.When you beat the game it implores you to try Newgame+ to see the true ending. Upon entering Newgame+ you find a game mode selection with most of the options locked. I think there was 7 or so total. You can view the descriptions of the modes and they do things like warp the screen, give you time limits, have a ghost haunt you (that behaves like a regular Boo enemy). It seems like a pretty good way to advance the gameplay experience. Beat the game twice, get the true ending and final boss and then for those challenge-lovers you can try the harder game modes, possibly for other rewards...Except that's not how it works. You actually need to beat ALL modes to get the true ending. I tried mode 2 (haunted) for a bit but had other things to do so I put it up for a while. Then while I was telling a friend about the game he explained that he saw a youtube video of it and told me not to bother going for the true ending. I did my own research and found a video with the final battle and true ending in it and I was actually stunned for a bit. You do all that work for a meh boss fight and the lamest ending ever? Seriously, ANY endings to a game I've seen in the past I'd say 15 years is more fulfilling than that. Had I sunk the time into getting that ending, I would've been furious. I was expecting at least another art piece on par with the titlescreen or even some fun credits music but there's not even end credits.There's so many things that could've fixed this. Art of the king and his daughter. Maybe something showing or saying that the kingdom was being rebuilt since from what the intro tells us the denizens of hell were apparently made it all the way to the throne room. Maybe jack the absurd comedy up a notch and have Sarah pick up the whole castle and carry it farther away from the demon's realm.But it really feels like the developer just stopped caring about his own project. That anyone who played it that far was rewarded solely by the challenge and not any hope of a decent conclusion. And that feeling, that knowing that NOTHING of value awaits me challenging those harder modes makes me not care either. I won't say I want my money back because $2 was fair for that gaming experience. But if I'd played through even one newgame+ mode I would've wanted my TIME back."
,Not Recommended,315850,20456402,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,italo.maia,"Graphics are old school, which is not a bad thing, but sprites are re-used too much. Controls are ""kind of"" sluggish and story is almost non-existing. Bosses are also dull. I had a few expectations for this game, but they were rapidly crushed. Not worth buying, which is quite sad."
,Not Recommended,315850,34025532,Posted: 4 August,all,xSarahsGamingx,"This game is so unforgiving, they spam you with a bunch of enemies who take off more health than you can gain"
76561198000608793,Not Recommended,315850,13223665,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Stug Baross,"i ended up buying this game a while ago while it was on sale, and while i don't have a lot of time on the game at the time of writing, there's a reason for that.while the graphics are quite nice and remind me of the snes days, and the music is really well done, the gameplay kind of brings itself to be rather lackluster, and the mechanics involved feel a little unpolished.there seem to be quite a few things holding the game back to me, the first is that the levels are, indeed, rather uninspired, both in design, and layout.the second is that the mechanics involved in the core gimmick of the game, the tossing of enemies, sometimes feels very..... sluggish, what tends to happen in my experience, is that you kill the first enemy, usually a skeleton or zombie of some regard, toss it at another enemy, and chunk half their health, this leaves you to walk up to it and try to melee it.... your melee attack tends to deal less damage than throwing a bat at something, and stops your character while attacking......... then there's the monster hordes.the game tends to like tossing large groups of monsters at you at times, leading to the corpses being guarded by a good 9-10 of his friends, and you drop the corpse every time you get hit, leading to some very... staggered, fights.and admittedly, speaking of monster hordes, there seem to be some rather amatuerish design issues, ranging from the weak, awkward melee attacks, to bats constantly flying in off-screen constantly (seriously, i don't think they stop) for some reason, to fights that leave throwable corpses in spike pits, and finishing off large monsters, only to have nothing to throw him at, nor the ability to traverse to where you have a target.i like their concept, but it feels as if i tried to make it, it kind of feels as if they had a vision but a lack of know-how.perhaps you'll have better luck with the mechanics and controls, but i know for a fact that i don;t recommend it, i would say it would be a 3 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,315850,14289153,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RLST,"EN/PT-BRSave your money, this is garbage. Two minutes in and I'm already bored. Here's why: terrible graphics and sound effects (even for an indie game), terrible misplacing of enemies and interactable objects, dumb leveling up system, disproportionality of enemy difficulty. Also terrible music looping (and terrible music). And the game crashed several times before I could actually play it - it crashed even in the intro cutscene. I love retro-styled games, but this is really bad.Score: 2/10 (probably less if I played more)Guarde sua grana, isso é um lixo. Com dois minutos de jogo eu já tava entediado. Esses são os motivos: gráficos e efeitos sonoros terríveis (mesmo pra um jogo independente), terrível distribuição de inimigos e objetos interagíveis, sistema de níveis idiota, desproporcionalidade de dificuldade dos inimigos. Looping musical terrível (e música terrível), também. E o jogo deu pau várias vezes antes de eu conseguir jogá-lo de verdade - chegou a dar pau na cena introdutória. Eu amo jogos estilizados retrô, mas esse é muito ruim.Nota: 2/10 (provavelmente menos se eu jogasse mais)"
76561197993300389,Not Recommended,315850,29028547,Posted: 5 January,all,commissioner_guy,"Poor controls, tedious levels and bosses"
,Recommended,315850,13340686,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,PlayBoyMan,"Don't let the boobies get in the way of enjoying this game. It's challenging, and fun to play.Pick it up."
76561198091800121,Not Recommended,315850,29285703,Posted: 15 January,all,Neon Triangle,"Amazing Princess Sarahis a platformer that is reminiscent of old-school games likeSuper Mario Brothers 2, mainly by the gameplay revolving around killing enemies by throwing objects and corpses at enemies (she also has a sword which is mainly good for killing smaller enemies). In the case of enemy corpses some of them have different attacks when used (like archers firing arrows down on enemies, or firewitches throwing out waves of fire) which allow you to deal with large groups or tough enemies easily. The bosses are generally simple but can do massive damage, so it boils down to finding out when it’s safe to attack them (with one boss being more of a puzzle instead of a straight fight). There is also a leveling system but it mainly exists to keep the player on even terms with the game, but it does mean it is possible to farm levels if the player feels they need to.Graphics are decent for 16-bit fare, with bosses having a different style of animation when compared to everything else (skeletal animation vs. sprites). Sound and music are nothing too special, they do their job without becoming overly grating. Keyboard controls work well and are rebind-able, with controller support being an option. In terms of stability the game ran at 60 FPS on my old laptop without much problem, and I’ve had a few crashes but nothing that outright stopped me from finishing the game.After finishing the game once you unlock several New Game Plus modes, all of which must be beaten to access the true final boss (thinkGhosts N’ Goblinsbut larger in scope). Each mode adds or changes something that fundamentally alters how that mode is played; Bat Princess for example makes it so only bats can be damaged by your sword, which forces you to approach large enemy encounters more strategically. Meanwhile, Naturist Princess becomes more of a stealth variation in which you have no sword and lower health but can make most enemies peaceful, so you can run by them unharmed. Most of the modes also include a double jump which can allow you to bypass certain sections of the stages entirely, which can break up the tedium.While each mode presents their own challenge I feel this is both the game’s biggest strength and weakness. The main issues I felt were that apart from padding out the game’s length, I also felt some modes were more varied than others; Drunk Princess is the weakest in terms of variety, as apart from the screen moving effect and stronger enemies it isn’t that different from the main mode. The difficulty can also vary significantly between each mode: Angry Princess is the first mode you unlock and can easily be the one of the most aggravating, while Naturist Princess (the second to last mode you unlock) is by far the easiest overall.And to top it off, the true ending of the game is disappointing to say the least.All of that said though, I did enjoy the game. It does have a generally fast pace and tries to avoid overly cheap deaths like many old video games were guilty of doing back in the 90s. However, the over-saturation of New Game Plus modes did put a damper on the overall enjoyment. Because of that I can’t truly recommend it, but it’s still far from the worst I’ve played."
,Recommended,315850,15509146,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,hapisony,Really great game. ♥ Never lets me down.
76561197992960689,Recommended,315850,20309719,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ron,"This game is simple enough. Old-school platform jumping game that feels right at home with anything from the SNES/Super Famicom, Genesis/MegaDrive, or TurboGrafx/PC Engine era. It plays like a cross between Super Mario Bros 2/ Doki Doki Panic and Castlevania. You throw things at the baddies, or whack them with your sword to drop them, then pick them up and throw them at other enemies. You can bounce off the heads of some enemies, while others hurt you. Don't touch enemies, spikes, or hazards. Whack torches to gain health pickups.The controls are okay but not excellent, which, I suppose is typical for the kinds of games I'm comparing it to, but compared to the really good games of that time, it is somewhat lacking. For the record, I'm using an XBox 360 gamepad.The soundtrack is excellent, easily up to SNES-par, but the sound effects are okay-but-not-great (notice a theme here?). The protagonist makes a lot of low-fi noise, but I suppose you can turn it down if it's bothering you.The graphics are a mixed bag; the sprites are very colourful, but not very detailed most of the time. I'd give them a Genesis rank. The level designs are not very colourful, but they are SNES-level detailed, some with some effects in the background, and even have an active effect on the player, with icy patches, watercourses that push you back, and so on. The character designs are of TurboGrafx vintage; lots of anime boobies everywhere. It's not evocative, it's not racy, it's not offensive, it's actually just silly, and a bit comical, which is good because it keeps you laughing at that instead of raging at the terrible level design.Oh that level design. Whomever was responsible for the level design needs to be dragged out into the street and flogged. There are lots of ""gotcha"" tricks and just plain mean enemy placement choices that would be fine if you could see it coming and avoid it, but most of the time you can't. Almost evey level has a section where there are bottomless pits with enemies flying at you that make this NES-era Castlevania enthusiast boil with ineffectual gamer-rage. There are a lot of moving or disappearing platforms over spike pits that force you to redo the entire section, or just die a slow, spikey death if you make even one mistake. I cannot understate how obnoxious the levels are.The enemies are all varied, each with their own trick, which in turn, provides the player with said trick if they are used as a weapon (kind of the whole schtick of this game). The bosses are screen-filling monstrosities that each have a gimmick to defeating them. They all have tells to avoid being hit, though sometimes it's unclear what will damage you and what won't.Overall, given the inexpensive cost of this game, I'll give it a pass, but just barely. It's not, and I mean NOT up to modern standards, even for a game of this kind, but if you want a hit of newstalgia, or if you are too young to remember the NES era, if you want to know what it was like, then this is worth checking out, but do yourself a favour and wait for a sale."
76561197976528105,Recommended,315850,15631604,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"Amazing princess sarah is a decent game, not bad or amazing. Levels are pretty bland looking but the action and platforming are pretty good. Has some interesting enemies, fun boss battles and its appropriately priced."
76561198025615808,Recommended,315850,16004283,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,double-b,"Cheap and quick fun.Imagine Castlevania Symphony of the Night mixed with Super Mario Bros 2/DokiDoki Panic.Runs well and is fun for a few hours. At a good discount, def worth a look."
,Recommended,315850,18564077,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game is fun enough to buy when it's on sale. It is definitely retro. You have to level up a little to beat some of the bosses, which tend to get too difficult regardless. Overall, it's decent."
,Recommended,315850,24543656,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Hunter X Hunter,A great platformer that is fairly priced and will keep you busy for awhile. :)
76561197987741969,Recommended,315850,17945842,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JCloud,"Totally bought it for the ""PLOT""!!!"
,Recommended,315850,13709719,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SillySixPin,"It's an adorable little platformer with a macho and beautiful female protagonist. if you have a problem with beauty in a moral-less environment then leave now and take your triggers with you. It plays like castlevainia, in that you go through platforming levels with a melee attack against enemies following the same Japanese flavored art style. You can kill the enemies with a knife or throw objects at them. Not as good as shovel knight but still fun."
76561198024109591,Recommended,315850,14355827,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kraygu,Bouncing pixel boobies.8008/10. would recommend
76561198043404730,Not Recommended,315850,14464133,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pommyking,"I shall rewrite this after finally having my patience tested WAY too much. Okay, so, it's a platform hell. WITH SEXY BOOBS AND BUTT UGLY GUYS! HOORAY! Honestly, the game's sexual themes come off as disgusting. Sarah, the demonettes, the flame elemental ladies, they are all as hideously sexualized, and I've played and enjoyed titles like, oh, Dragon's Crown(With it's infamous Busty Sorcerous and bikini wearing Amazon) and Conception 2, aka, the game that is literally about having symbolic sex with your classmates. But yes, gameplay, surly that will save the game. Sure it uses the overused 69 joke and none of it's female protagonists have breasts below an E-cup but surely in gameplay we will truly have our Amazing Princess Sarah. No wait, it's awful. Dozens of traps to kill you off slowly, enemies that will attack you despite having served their purpose long ago because of the cramped nature of the levels, a useless main weapon, and throwing is worthless when you need it most, absurdly long lines of disappearing platform to jump off of. And leveling up isn't even fun nor useful until you either die or reach the next check point. Yes the 2 hit points will stack up but it takes so long to make them meaningful that by that point you won't care enough about Sarah to not send her hurtling through spike traps just to get this garbage over with. And to top it off, there are points where it just feels lazy and infuriating. Jumping in a water current will still have you get pushed back as if you were still in it, Sarah controls poorly, making irritating when you often miss a platform by a short bit, the camera zooms in a little when you get hit to show how much pain Sarah is in, and all of a second later, you're getting hurt again because who needs invincibility frames, almost every enemy is designed to be the most infuriating obstacle, medusa head style bats, fat charging monsters who are completely worthless to throw, archers bombarding you from the last save point, and then you get the glory of New Game +. I haven't touched it, I won't touch it. I'm done. I'll play games like New Super Luigi U with it's absurd time limits and level designs, I'll play Prinny: Can I Really Be The Hero with it's unfair enemy placement, I'll play Dragon Ball Xenoverse and fight a 3 on 1 Battle against Super Saiyans spamming Kamehameha, but I will NOT play this disgusting, infuriating, and completely terrible game EVER again!"
,Recommended,315850,14303094,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,CurtLaw8828,"its a great game, but its super hard, next time if they makea  sequel they should make it more easy!"
76561198040864136,Recommended,315850,17133331,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TBOctavan80,"Loved the graphic styleUsually, games like this can keep my interest, but after an hour or so, I quickly grew tired of how it's just the same over and over.Pros: Graphics, tight responsive controls, fun (but can wear thin quickly), good for its priceCons: Leveling up really means nothing."
,Recommended,315850,16568160,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MetalSmasher86,A good game for fans of retro-style platformers. Imagine Castlevania crossed with Super Mario Bros. 2.
76561197970908031,Recommended,315850,17125022,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Svati,"Maybe a bit too simple, but well done, not buggy, fun boss battle with equally good boss music."
,Recommended,315850,18791121,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,iddqd,Killing enemies with other enemies has never been so much fun since River City Ransom!
,Recommended,315850,28930089,Posted: 1 January,all,Hyde,best boobies princess
76561198119920585,Recommended,315850,14496567,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,toxicbenny,boobs + a god damn hard game10/10
,Recommended,315850,34338805,Posted: 18 August,all,geminidoesgames,"A good game, if a bit annoyingly tough.  The premise is simple: traverse 5 stages to rescue your father, the King.  Doing so, however, is anything but simple.  However, if 5 stages seems a bit short to you, don't worry.  Completing the game once unlocks several new modes for you to play!**Originally Uploaded: October 24, 2015**For more reviews, as well as Let's Plays, check out my YouTube channel, Gemini Does Games!https://youtu.be/Q3yF42MX2FA"
76561198074621838,Recommended,315850,15906404,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sirburtaron,"Dunno why but I find this game pretty Interesting, yes the b00b factor helps, but regardless, its worth playing for any platform fans :)"
76561198063289552,Not Recommended,315850,12019664,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Vanacore,"I do not reccomend this game because it is cheap (as in the game will cheaply kill you, not in price). I can tell that this could have easily been a good game but the makers of the game spent to much time trying to make it like other games and on the pixel♥♥♥♥♥♥ They could have put in some story and given the character something that makes them an actual character, but they felt making moving pixel♥♥♥♥♥♥more important. People will mistake this game for being 'hard' but it is not hard, it is just cheap (and yes there is a difference between cheap and hard). This game took the worst bits of Castlevania, Mario, and other classic games and combined them into a single game. I like a game that is challenging, not one that is almost broken at some points with how cheap it is. The soundtrack is some awful generic guitar that, even though i love rock and metal, just gets so irritating after a short time that it makes it even harder to keep playing this game. I will say that the first level was well made but after that it just becomes so god damn cheap that it's not even funny. One of the worst parts was in the third level where, if your not standing in just the right spot when you hit a lever, you fall into spikes and then have to sit and listen to the 'character' make the pained noise until you run out of health.I also refuse to acknowledge the 'character' as a gender becsause there is no actual personality.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. I MEAN SERIOUSLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ING PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. Oh hey you just beat level 5. You want to fight the last boss? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad because if you want to fight the last boss, beat the game again.♥♥♥♥ THIS GOD DAMN PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥AND LET IT ROT IN HELL BECAUSE THIS MAYBE TO WORST ♥♥♥♥ING THINGT I HAVE EVER ♥♥♥♥ING SEEN IN A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. Other games have had a extra NG+ boss but those games usually don't show you about to fight said boss befor telling you that if you want to fight said boss you have to go through the entire game again. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,315850,13253880,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Handsome Jack Facey,"I bought this because it had decent reveiws and looked like it might be a good metroidvania.It's not.  It's extremely linear and short, with no real power ups or character development.It's more like a final project that someone at a 3rd rate school would do for a game design degree.  It's very rough, the controls are bad, and not fun.If I could get my money back, I would."
,Recommended,315850,17674514,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MINDPLATE,Before Playing: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)In Game: ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)After Playing: ( ‾ʖ̫‾)Now: ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
,Recommended,315850,19414674,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Robot Maid,"Welcome to the Robot Maid Review of... Amazing Princess Sarah.Amazing Princess Sarah is a decently fun action platformer game created Haruneko Entertainment. I've played Akane the Kunoichi on XBOX 360 and finished that game 100% and I thought I may enjoy this game as well, since I actually did 100% Akane the Kunoichi.The game is decently long, but it's filled with a bit of artificial longevity. The way the game works is that you go through the main campaign and then it pretty much throws you back to the beginning of the game, tells you there's a new rule or implacable enemy or some other caveat has been added, then asks you to play the game through its entirety again with that rule.For sake of simplicity (and because I actually haven't done the NG+ system too much), this opinion is only for first playthrough.So my opinion is... It's not a bad game. It's taken up 2 hours of my life and I didn't regret it at all. I think that with the way the game is, $4.99 may be a little much, but any sale on this game ever would make it a decent buy.This has been a Robot Maid Review. Thank you for reading."
76561197999267441,Recommended,315850,14332890,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GeekyGamerGirl,Awesome game....I cannot say much more than that. It is very well done.
,Not Recommended,315850,12701793,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zincoshine,"This game is perhaps the best tribute ever done to the true underbelly of the NES era, a game to remind people why you should not go too retro. Indeed, all thetypical things AVGN complained about in his game reviews can be found in this game:- awkward controls? check. You can't even move while attacking with your sword- bats? check- terrible scrolling/unable to see bottom for safety? check- etc etc etcThis game is good for a laugh but definetely not something to take seriously and complete to the end. I can't recommend this as long as the controls are as poor as they currently are. I suggest the developer buy super meat boy and play it to understand what good controls in a 2d platformer are. Super meat boy is and always will be the benchmark for 2d platforming controls.This is still the best 2d ""female protagonist"" game on steam so if you are looking for a sexualised platformer, this is the best one to pick, ultionus is horrible and timespinner is not out yet.Edit: Apparently there is a better 2d female protagonist game on steam..... Don't buy this game. Don't listen to the boobs. Don't let super mario bros 2 nostalgia bait you into getting this.Edit2: There is a small redeeming quality to this game that anyone who makes it to the end of level 1 will immediately notice. The boss battles are fantastic. This is one area where the trailer was accurate"
,Recommended,315850,19328241,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tolain,"This is a game about a king who is having a sexy party with lots of winged boob chicks. He's super happy at the start of the game and presumably about to get laid. That's where you, the amazing cockblocker sarah come in. Your goal in this game is to use your man-hands to throw tables and clocks at thing so that they die, and then you pick up the dead things and throw them at other things so that those die too also you have a sword or something too goty 10/10"
,Not Recommended,315850,11783015,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Jawpz,"I was expecting something along the lines of Castlevania but instead i get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ generic metroidvania with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controls, bad extremely unchallenging boss battles and a protagonist that doesn't do anything good. She just slashes a pathetic distance with a sword and throws things. She can't duck, her animations suck and she has nothing special about her what so ever.Overall the game is generic, poor and uninteresting BUT that's only half of where my complaints come from; the other half of my complaints come from the disgusting amount of white knights, feminazis and trolls that the discussion/community page this game has. ""HUR DUR WHY DOES SHE HAVE LARGE BREASTS?"", ""HUR DUR WHY IS FEMALE PROTAGONIST A TAG WHICH IS JUST HIGHLIGHTING HER SEXUALITY AS THE MAIN PLAYING POINT!"" ♥♥♥♥ off, you autistic ♥♥♥♥♥; it's a ♥♥♥♥ing game!Worse community for a game i have ever seen and i've played some really bad games. I just thank the devs for not making this game have multiplayer; that's the one compliment i have for this game."
,Recommended,315850,11771100,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,cirn0,its good
,Recommended,315850,13872824,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,raidenradio,"Pretty decent platformer. My biggest complaint would be that it isn't very challenging. Some of the more difficult parts of the game can be bypassed by running through them and taking damage. The spikes should be less frequent and instant kills.Pros:-Nice art design-Excellent controlsCons:-Too easy, not much challenge-Level design conflicts with core gameplay. If the central theme is picking up and throwing items than the tight corridors aren't very conducive to that."
,Recommended,315850,13879261,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NopeIsDone,"This is one of the hardest and most fun platformers i have ever played, the graphics are amazing for the 16/32 bit style it trys to replicate even though the garphics are a little pervy, heck this game in general can get pervy at some points, but if you can ignore that it is an amazing retro game and extremly challanging, i give it a 9/10"
76561198075387875,Recommended,315850,14136370,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gisherjohn,"I love this game. Brings me back to my childhood. Takes after Castlevania and Super Mario Bros 2. It starts out kind of easy, but the challenge picks up in a hurry. The checkpoints save you from getting frustrated later, if you die, you don't lose your level ups, so if you die, you'll eventually get through it due to your level ups. The game is 16 bit graphics intentionally with a fantastic soundtrack and sound effects. I'm loving every minute of it, don't understand the mixed reviews."
,Recommended,315850,11815937,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Shawnecy,"EDIT: Removed a long-winded diatribe about the game in its earlier state. Came back after a little over a year and tried it again. Much polished, more fun, and looking to put some more time in it."
,Recommended,315850,26468479,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"It's a cool platformer, nice game modes and challenging.Worth it if your have a couple bucks and a couple of hours."
76561198099266604,Recommended,315850,31286129,Posted: 21 April,all,ydahhrk,"This game is like a girlfriend. She might be amazing, but please don't get confused; You're here to impress Amazing Princess Sarah, not the other way around.It's a very retro-minded game; NES era-ish. It's not afraid to be mean. Sometimes you will get your butt handed to you and you will have to grow balls to compensate. I can applaud that. It's not intended to be served in a silver platter; it wants you to grow as a gamer. And, despite what it might initially seem, it's not a game without ideas in its head. I got a kick out of some game modes.There are some quirks that might put you off. Allow me to spoil them for you:You can throw enemies while you're jumping, and you can throw enemies while you're on the floor. But you cannot throw enemieswhile you're landing. Prepare your throws accordingly.Your after-hit invincibility is quite short. If you're in the middle of a mob gaggle, you probably don't have time to grab and throw something, so run.Pay attention to carriage weight. Throwing distance is not always intuitive.For a game whose central mechanic is throwing, it didn't work around walls very elegantly. Mind them; they will get in the way.There, you have been warned. Learn to adapt. You cannot blame the game now :)"
76561197994700960,Recommended,315850,28707956,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rburdiss,Neat little game well worth the $1.25 I payed. Controls seem fine to me in spite of what the other reviwers are saying. I played with an Xbox One controller and used the analog as my D-Pad is broken and it was still fine.
,Recommended,315850,28413066,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Fum to play nothing special about itIt lakes more levels or even more twist as every level is the same only different sarah
