user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,315860,17476178,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Disastercake,"Curator Page:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/disastercake#curationAs a fellowKickstarter JRPG Project creator, I am very proud to see this team follow through with their dreams and ambitions.  I decided to take a couple hours off work to play the game and give it a quick and honest review of my first impressions, and it pulled me in enough to get me to dedicate the time to finish it.  I went into this game with the knowledge and expectations one should have of an indie RPG, and came out with a pleasurable experience.  I can sense the love and care that went into this RPG, and could recommend it to anyone who is interested in an indie JRPG experience.DURATION PLAYEDI finished the game with one character and grinded to max level (30) in about 15 hours.  The average I've seen reported seems to be around the 10 hour mark.LIKESFirst off, I was impressed to see that you can play the story from the perspective of 6 different characters.  So far, from what I can see, these are not major branching storylines, but instead allow you to choose the ""main character"".  Depending on the main character you've chosen you will get different dialogue scenes at different points in the game.The character spritework is great.You see enemies on the main map, which is something I very much enjoy.The combat in Celestian Tales is very standard JRPG, like Final Fantasy.  Each character takes a turn and the player chooses from a menu.  Each character has HP and Sta.  The combat mode is very tight and polished, with a dynamic camera that seems inspired by Radiant Historia.  You will heal to full HP after every battle, but your Sta is regained by defending or attacking.The music is very appropriate and pleasant to listen to.The storytelling and writing is well done.  I like the dynamic between the different character personalities, and I can see a lot of character development just within the first few hours of play.The art style is very unique.  I can't think of any other JRPGs I've played with this art style.The characters are each given interesting and unique skills that seem to fit their personalities and backgrounds well while maintaining a unique balance.You choose 3 characters to take into combat, and can easily swap out the party whenever you feel like.The leveling system is unique in that your entire party has a single level rather than each individual character.Your characters can each carry 4 active and 2 passive skills into combat and you can equip them as you like in the menu before combat for different strategies.There is a weapon upgrading system a few hours into the game where you can use materials you've gained from combat to upgrade weapons.DISLIKESI've come across a few obvious, but minor, bugs and 1 critical, but un-reproducing bug.  I just had to relaunch my last save and the bug never occurred again.  It is surprisingly stable for such a large project with a small team on a tight budget.Usually the environment art looks very nice and polished, but there are some points that seem like they could have been touched up more.  These spots are usually the interiors to houses and the towns.The quest log is sometimes not descriptive enough on where to go or do next or doesn't update for some of the small milestones in the chapter quest.  This made it a little confusing at times for me.The world map is a bit barebones compared to some traditional RPGs, but is enough to give a feeling for the size and shape of the land.There's a lack of instructions in the game for some of the different features, so it took some experimenting to figure them out (like how to regain Sta), though this could be a positive for many people.Chapters 3-4  were very easy, then there was a sudden jump in difficulty at Chapter 4.  The step up in difficulty was very much welcomed by me, but it may come as a surprise to some and could probably use a little smoother by ranking up the difficulty of fights before this point.A difficulty mode that switches between varying HP and Damage output of enemies could have benefited this game for some simple customization to difficulty level.Cutscenes aren't skippable.  So if you die on a hard boss fight, you'll have to go through it again.No New Game+.  Maintaining character levels and equipment between games would have made it more enticing to play through again and see other character dialogue scenes.No sidequests.  Some simple fetch and kill sidequests would have helped add some texture to the main storyline.The game's pitch might lead one to believe that there is a lot of branching story options.  However the game is pretty much linear with a few small encapsulated options scattered about.  I would approach this game with the idea of it being a linear storyline like the classics and not a modern ""choose your own adventure"" type of RPG.SUMMARYCelestian Tales focuses its energy on delivering an interesting story through smooth and familiar gameplay.  I recommend Celestian Tales to any JRPG fan that is acceptive of indie production qualities and is looking for a game that focuses heavily on its storytelling."
,Recommended,315860,17477801,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Durante,"I've completed the game with one character, and played the prologue with another. This review is based on that experience.Pros/Cons+ The music is great+ The graphics as well, surprising amount of 8-way sprite variety considering the budget, and they have some neat little touches like weapon drawing/sheathing animations+ The pacing is very good throughout the game, there's no filler and nothing feels like it wastes your time+ Equipment is more interesting than most JRPGs so far, quite some trade-offs and unique effects+ I really like the skill/character advancement system, see below+ Battles so far have also been fun, I'll describe the system below+ You have more choices than what you'd expect in a JRPG+ The characters are pretty interesting, and have a decent party dynamic, however...- The writing is somewhat let down by a number of grammatical errors- Bugs: worst one was a wrong trigger which teleported me somewhere, and the game also referred to itself as a ""test build"" in one instance;edit:Both of these major issues were patched within the first 15 hours and are no longer in the game at this point.- Minor stuff: the run speed could be a bit higher, and I'd like to be able to use the d-pad rather than joystick with gamepad controlsCharacter advancement systemFirst of all, your entire party levels at once, which is very convenient and makes a lot of sense really.You get 4 slots for active skills and 2 for passive skills per character. Since you level up very often, you soon have to pick and choose the skills for each, and there are some interesting synergies. It has something of Guild Wars almost in that aspect.Battle systemThe game employs the smart mechanic of healing you back up fully after each encounter. In any game which is not about resource management (which most non-dungeon-crawler JRPGs haven't been about in ages) healing up after battle is just meaningless routine, so I really like that choice.I also really like how they do stamina management, which is really the main battle mechanic.You start with a set amount of stamina (which can be adjusted by some equipment and passives), and all skills require a number of stamina points. performing a normal attack regenerates 1 stamina, and defending regenerates 2. There are also ways to transfer stamina from one character to another, and attacks which reduce it in the enemy.Since stamina is per-battle, like everything else, you are never not thinking about using it. This mostly prevents the ""trash mob"" button-mashing scenario.Battles are also generally quick, which is something that I always appreciate. Difficulty is pretty well-balanced and what I'd call moderate so far (I consider most modern JRPGs too easy)."
,Not Recommended,315860,17543623,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Rajunah,"It's with a great grief that will not recommend this game. i will establish my opinion.First, i would say that this game deserves a neutral review, not negative and not positive. I'm probably doing a negative review because the game really frustrated my expectations.The combat is too simple and unexciting...The choice of choosing a  character is probably a mistake, it would be better to play with all of then in the same game. I say this because there is no point in replaying the game...The bigger issue for me was the story, i felt it was kind weak and really a bad cliche, i dont mean that a cliche can't be good, but it need to better written and make more sense. I was progressing to see if the game would show me something, but nothing happened.....i think they need to hire a good writer, they have something nice, but badly done.The good thing are the graphics, they are very nice to see. The game has e few bugs but nothing that can stop you.The battle system is very nice, the skills and everything is good enough, but still the combat is boring and very easy to manage, it would probably be better if they made something like suikoden and let all the 6 character's together in battle, of course balance would be necessary.The game felt too straight forward, there was no freedom and very little chance to exploration, didn't like that.This game is only part 1, and i know more will come, but from what i just saw, IDK if i'm going to jump in...I'm very disappointed...."
,Recommended,315860,17476243,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,supernick,"Absolutely awesome. If you were into old school RPGs like Lunar, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 1-6 (NES/SNES era) then you will absolutely love this. An instant classic in my opinion.In terms of inspiration, I would say Suikoden is the biggest at hand here.. the warrior is even referenced as ""Young Master"".My views:+: Amazing, hand drawn graphics style. Really works in today's market flood of 3D.+: Fun battle system, engaging and much more on offer than RPG Maker style games.+: Not an RPG maker game.+: Story is engaging and well thought-out. Writing style is fairly relaxed which isn't for everyone.+: Multiple character approach is interesting. Instead of a 40+ hour game with one character, it is broken out into 5-10 hour chunks with each character.Fully recommend for anyone looking for that piece of nostalgia - I'd even recommend for people who haven't played this type of isometric sprite RPG before as it effectively bridges the gap between old and new gaming."
,Not Recommended,315860,19254379,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Dr. Bloo D. Ninja,"A for effort but his game failed to deliver in a lot of ways. There were a lot of good concepts here that were just poorly executed. I'll list a few of the bigger complaints just as a heads up.The idea to choose from different perspectives is really neat and interesting, but the actuall difference is so shallow that it hardly warrants an actual replay. The most you get for playing different characters is a few cutscenes, nothing that drastically changes the game. Maybe if I beat it with all 6 characters I would see a greater impact, but as it stands now, it isn't worth the investment.The story had a chance to be interesting, fighting giant barbarian like creatures in an epic war, however you never actually get to do that. Your ragtag band of ""squires"" just run around doing meanial tasks that frankly, just feels like filler. I get that you're squires, and not exactly battle tested, but you don't do anything exciting. The boss fights are weak (and I'm just assuming the dire wolf and pig you fight are the boss fights) except for two of them, and one of them you don't even fight as the squires.Then there is the end of the game. After about 7 hours of boring chores and vague cutscenes (which at the times I just assumed would be better explained later, but now I'm pretty sure that if you want a better understanding of them you have to replay the game as said character) there is a drastic plottwist, a boss fight (which was pretty challenging and fun) and then an abrupt end. No explanation at all, just a massive cliffhanger then the credits roll. Which is a shame because it ends right as the game gets interesting.There are other minor cons and pros, but anything else I could say would just be parroting other reviews, and honestly a lot of them are just opinionated remarks that players could take as either or depending on what they like in a game. I just wanted to hit some major fall offs so anyone thinking about getting this game knows what they're in for. The game info is pretty accurate when it says ""you are not special""."
76561198131201833,Not Recommended,315860,17780310,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Evil,"Updated review (I have completed all routes with 100% achievement) :If you are looking for an RPG with a long playthrough and tons of contents, I won't recommend this game. All this game has to offer are its aesthetics & super short story. Also, most of the choices you make in this game do not have a long-term effect in the game yet which will make some people (especially hardcore RPG fans) left dissapointed.If you are looking for an RPG that can be completed in just a few hours because you are too busy in real life and if you are a completionist who are looking for easy 100% steam achievements, this game is for you.If you want to get into more details about this game, continue to read, which you should.There are 2 things that I found after I completed this game with every single character :1. If I want to recommend you which character to play :Reynard (he has the highest amount of moral choices in the playthrough. he's probably the one with the real character development)Isaac (he has the best background story & plot twists)Cammile (interesting ending, play as her if you wanna know about what is going on in the game)Aria (interesting whole story, play as her if you wanna know more about the potential villains in the game)I find Lucienne & Ylianne story as the most unexciting, uninteresting ones.2. The harsh truth about this game is there is almost no reason for you to replay the game with another character unless you are a completionist like me. Even if you want to know the story, you can simply ask someone else who have completed the character's story that you are curious with. Besides that, the only thing that makes this game a bit longer is because you are forced to re-visit the same place over and over again.Pros :- Interesting story and lore.- Distinct character personalities makes dialogues more interesting & enjoyable.- Beautiful hand-drawn environment combined with plenty of great soundtracks.- The whole party level up at the same time including the characters who do not participate in battles.- The game encourages you to explore each map to find honour medals, weapons, and some items.- No random battle. You can avoid all monsters if you want to.Neutrals :- Typical old school JRPG turn based combat system. Nothing special except for the stamina system. Some might enjoy it, some might find it pretty boring.- 30 max level. Some may think it is too low, but some may not because the game itself is pretty short. I don't see any reason for the developer to increase the level cap above level 30 for a game with short playthrough.Cons :- Even though the developer has added a few mechanics to add more depth in the combat (stamina, skill builds, whole party level up, 3 upgradeable weapons for each character), combat still feels unexciting that I wanted to skip most of the encounter. But sadly, I couldn't, or I'm gonna get wrecked at the last chapters because of the next con below.- Combat difficulty spikes at late game.- For an RPG, the amount of places you can visit is lacking in this game. You will be forced to visit the same places over and over again just to prolong the length of the game. This makes your adventure a bit boring and less exciting.- Choices you make do not matter on this episode, but probably they will matter on the next episode. I can see that maybe your choices you make now will determine your characters personality & backstory in the next episode. Celestian Tales is a trilogy after all.- For an RPG, I personally think the game length is super short. I suggest the sequel to be at least twice longer than this."
76561198065979638,Recommended,315860,19677603,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,verstehen,"The first of a series of games (three? I think?) CT:ON is fairly good. The story is intriguing, the characters are well-written and developed versions of typical fantasy tropes, the combat system is turn-based (which after all the action RPGs coming out lately is a nice change), and unlike most fantasy games, the party is made up of more women than men (4:2). The music is good, if a little repetitive in the field (though I think I liked every event score), and ultimately I enjoyed it.There are a few flaws, though. For one, given that to unlock all the achievements (and likely the different story paths) you have to play the game 6 times is a little annoying, especially since it seems the deviation is really only about 5 scenes (prologue, 3 scenes within the game, epilogue). So I imagine it'll get boring fairly fast and it feels like a way to artificially add time to the game, when the game play itself could probably be finished in 5-6 hours (especially if you're like me and you spent your first playthrough running around over-leveling and making sure you do everything). Also, when you get to the epilogue, the English gets a little messy... like missing words and sentence fragments (possibly for stylistic effect that's just gone wrong). Finally, when you finally do get the world map open, it frustrated me a little to see all the areas I couldn't visit in this game.Basically, I'll probably run through the game 2-3 more times, with the characters I liked the most, but I don't expect the kind of replay they really must have wanted with the 6 different stories."
76561198045884541,Recommended,315860,17587930,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,90sVibe,"A pretty cool indie JRPG. I really like the characters and the conflicting personalities, and Yli is super cute and funny :) The battle systems are not bad etc, and the story is quite engaging as well. I'm only a couple of hours in and I've heard the game is quite short - that being said it's a three part story and the second part will be released sometime in the future. There's also alot of reading dialogue, but I enjoy that so all good.The only thing that I was disapointed in was there was alot of potential for story to be taken further in side-quests based on characters you meet telling you about themselves and what is unresolved in their life. EG A young boy has never lefthis village and wants to so he can find his father, but just when you think ""Ok this is an interesting story moment"" hebasically shrugs his shoulders and says ""Maybe I will one day"" and thats it? From what I have heard of the games lengthit can't be revisited and expanded on because the game is too short to do this and alot of other story side-quests thatcould have been really interesting and added more to the feel and depth of the game. Pity. Hope it's revisited in the laterinstallments.To be honest the game doesn't rival old JRPGs and is not a patch on Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy 3, Earthbound, Phantasy Star IV etcbut if you like classic JRPGs that are new, you could do a lot worse. I also think it's still on sale, but that might have pastnow.I will update this review when I finish it and also later when the other two episodes are released."
76561198065852838,Recommended,315860,17523339,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Loser King,"First of all, a disclaimer for those who (like me) didn't read all the informations on the game's store page.This game is THE FIRST INSTALLMENT OF A TRILOGY. Unfortunately I think it's not stated well enough on the starting page, as I bought the game without knowing it. Further on why this information is crucial.This game is a traditional RPG with a nice and well orchestrated story line and a good soundtrack. I think that the developers did a nice job with the  game overall and for that I recommend it, however there are many pro and cons in this game that made the overall judgement of the game not easy to reach.  To convey why I felt a little torn about the positive judgement I gave to the game in the end, I'll listen each pro and its relative con one after another.StoryPRO-Heavy store line, the devs were quite transparent with their Game of Thrones inspiration yet the story has a dignity of its own. On the other hand, there are some recurring tropes, and if you don't like the GoT setting, well, this would make the game quite less enjoyable for you.  Also, during the game you will have a couple occasion when you will have to make important decision regarding the story and the setting...CON...but it won't matter, since the game is a trilogy and as stated from the Devs in the game discussion those decision will only come to play in the two future installment of the series. As you can expect, the game will also have some loose ends and an ending that closes the chapter but leaves the story open for the future installment. Some people might be quite discouraged from it.CombatPRO-The Combat System is interesting, and altough it might look simple at a first glance, it is quite rewarding to learn and master, with a few sore notes regarding some whacky scalings and mechanics.You will control a party of 3 and will be free to change composition out of combat.Characters have a resource called Stamina that ranges from 0-8, attacking restores 1 stamina while defending restores 2, skills are used consuming stamina while items are free but also don't restore stamina. Managing stamina between attack, defense and skill is how you win your battle. Stats are also quite relevant, and characters are differentiate enough in their skills, with, for example, a Crossbow wielder that is effective against high armor targets, a character using dagger that is efficient against humanoid targets, and so on.CONWhat I previously stated about the combat system is true, but for the most part of the game the battle are so easy that you can just spam attack and occasionally heal and still get through the game. Things get a little more heated up during boss fights and the last 2 chapters of the game, where they actually spike insanely, but overall I lost a grand total of 1 time during 2 playthroughs. And the main reason because I lost, was because I didn't expect for enemies to spike that hard between chapters.ArtPROThe style reminds me of Final Fantasy Tactics, and the OST is very well done, characters portraits and art is well made and even their sprites are quite ""cute"" (considering the 16 bit style).I already covered the OST but I have to add that the developer placed care in tieing the key moments of the narration with a fitting track.CONCertain aspects of the game show how the developer had to make tough choices with the little budgets they had.While the character art is really well done, other things like the overworld map, or how town and indoors are made look really quaint and poorly executed. I can't blame them since they game is quite cheap, but I expected something more polished.ReplayabilityPROThe 6 characters are all well designed, and they have an unique prologue chapter each.They also have some unique cutscenes where they have to make certain decisions, and paired with how you can play different character compositions it adds to replayabilityAlso, save games will be carried over to the next game.CONAs for the story, their unique decision don't affect the game that you buy now, but the later installment.Is something that quite bugs me but that I can come to term with.Overall, I confirm my positive review, as Celestian Tales: Old North is indeed a solid game  but with a few caveats: I understand that the game is cheap and that it's just the first chapter, but I really hope that the next game will straighten up some of the problems that the first chapter had.I don't expect them to change the whole game world and upgrade all the arts, but some things like the issues with enemy scalings during chapters could be fixed with a little number tweaking.I also expect that the decisions we took during this chapter will have some implication during the lategame and won't just alter a cutscene, but I'm not sure if they will able to deliver that with the budget they had.And, lastly, it has to evolve the game: If the next 2 chapter will make me feel like they fragmented the game to sell each chapter like it was an adventure game like Deponia, or a Telltale game, I'm not sure if my judgement will stay the same, as then I will have to consider it as a single game that costs as the sum of its parts.TL;DR= Positive review, but they have to deliver with the next 2 games as it's a story-driven game that is part of a trilogy"
,Not Recommended,315860,17496229,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kindled,"As soon as I saw this game on the recommended games list I wanted to play it. I have only played through one of the six characters thus far. So please take that into consideration when reading my review. I really enjoyed this game while playing it. I loved the combat, story, art syle, and characters. (Except Aria xD) I was really into this game so I played a lot. It progresses very quickly. Surprisingly after a few hours it was over. This game is very short. I would say it has about less than 10 hours of gameplay if you are not messing around. However, they intended that you play through multiple times as different characters. I was a bit let down since there is a level cap at 30 which is very easy to obtain. There are only a few weapons and armor available. Also, the videos trailers on steam portray this game being very moral decision involved. I found that there were only very few instances where it seemed to be the case, and felt like they really didn't impact the world very drastically. In conclusion, I really enjoyed the mechanics to the game and the story line, but i felt as though this game was way too short. I reccommend this game if you like short stories with good game play. But if you are a hardcore RPG gamer that likes to have a long story, really get into maxing characters levels, gathering the best armor and weapons, having a huge world to roam and explore, and finding hidden content, this game might not be for you."
76561198128687803,Recommended,315860,17484918,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,novaking,My thoughts after having just beaten the game with one of the playable characters:Pros:- Atmosphere/style of the game is definitely in tune with JRPGS of old.- Fast paced story.- Intriguing plot.- Battle mechanics are engaging.- Music was spot on.Cons:- Level cap of 30- Linear in terms of what you do in each chapter.- Game felt short looking back on my playthrough.8/10Looking forward to future installments of this game.
76561198233317704,Recommended,315860,31532461,Posted: 3 May,all,FrozenNox,"Celestian Tales: Old North is a really lovely RPG that had me excited playing for hours. It took me about 9 to 10 hours to finish the game. I had no big issues with the game and it ran smoothly on my computer.Things that were good/neutral/bad in my opinion:Positive:+ six characters, one of which you can choose as the main character+ turn-based combat system+ level-up system and customizable skills/weapons+ engaging story+ really nice and original artwork+ nice soundtrack+ skippable cut scenes+ more than one save slot+ customizable controls+ Steam achievements and trading cardsNeutral:* comparably short, but replayable* characters are automatically healed after each battle* so far I have only finished it once so I can't comment on the replayability of this game with each of the characters, but I doubt I will want to play it a total of six times to get all the achievementsNegative:- quite linear- not possible to change characters during the battle; you choose three characters for the battle and can only change them out of battleIt's not the greatest RPG I've ever played, but I definitely liked it and it definitely stands out to me compared to other RPGs. I know I will replay it at least once to get to know the other characters and their stories better, and I will remember this game as my time being well spent."
76561198077808520,Recommended,315860,17482772,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,LMG,"This one tips the scales back and forth between being a good or bad game for me at least.The art is hand drawn, quite beautiful. Reminiscent of Suikoden which is awesome btw.Allowing replayability with 6 different characters.First little bit of gameplay if you'd like to check before you buyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye22I2FmOuoDifferent gear and tactics do change it up a bitRather good storytelling.Now for the cons:First off, does have a few bugs. Like showing a summary of chapter 7 when your in chapter 1. Kind of a spoiler and some nps go a little funky hopefully gets patched out. SPOILERS! And when your at the war camp and go back to Levantine and they are already talking about the victory that hasn't EVEN happend yet. I'm sorry but how do you mess that one up? Did they think you would stay on the rails and never look around lol.Battle is rather boring and you'll find you can just spam the attack commands as you will usually get the same results using tactics most of the time.Other than your main character you will never feel like your getting any in depth character knowledge of any other characters in the game. You could replace the supporting characters with potatoes and I'd get the same feelings and at least we'd have french fries.If you poke around other than the main questline you'll find it all rather empty and linear forcing you back on the main quest. Pretty  scenery but all the npcs say rather generic stuff.Story tempo is crazy fast paced as beating this one with each character reportedly doesn't take too long. The game is part of a planned trilogy. Budget-wise it probably was easier to make this three parts to fund it but I feel it would have been better off all in one game.Does boast your character will be faced with tough decisions. Yes that is true, but nowhere do you actually ever have a choice on what to do.Conclusion:The game defintitely qualifies as a work of art. harkens back to a better day of JRPG'S.Suffers from too fast paced storyline and not enough side stuff or a real vibrant world you feel you belong in.The battle is standard JRPG fare and defintely a step up from RPG maker slush filling up steam on a daily basis.The story is pretty good, just makes me wish it was slower and a little more, but wanting more is never a bad thing. Actually looking forward to the sequel.Pretty good price.I'd give this a 7/10.Not a masterpiece but not bad either."
76561198101866876,Not Recommended,315860,17532035,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,myotak_oke,"It's a not too bad, but it's not good either. With one playthrough consists around 6 hours of gameplay, it sounds like it's a good incentive to playthrough other characters... Except the differences with playing each of them is bare minimum, just some small cutscenes. The battle does have a nice system on the paper, but they don't use the most of it. They don't go full all out for the enemies' strategy. They'll simply just use an attack with status effect or buff themselves. Nothing more.Regarding the story, I'd lie if I say I didn't enjoy it one bit, and does present a brutal and simplistic world with simplistic people around it with us playing (lyingly) not special party members. Gritty. Still, the interaction is mostly wasted with philosophy sharing. Their time for talking weighs more than doing anything. Maybe it's thanks to our Yli that needs some short crash courses about the world's things.I do can say the sprites are well animated and nice to look at, and at a glance, the backgrounds are pleasant to, until you know that they exist to disorient your perception of depth. Things are too flat to judge the depth for navigation.Plus, near the release, the game is riddled with glitches. And they claim it this is a full release? I do give the developers a credit to act fast for fixing the game, but, it's like us, the first buyers, are just testers. Not much different than early access, except the content does tell you it's complete.I can say if you play this game, it's pleasant, but it doesn't provide you anything extraordinary nor it has anything special to brag. If you don't play this game, you don't lose anything."
76561198059637592,Not Recommended,315860,25046467,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Trevein,"Could be very enjoyable game... but it isn't.This game has great character art, careful character motivations, detailed world lore. With that you have to have at least a good story, even if gameplay is not that exciting? Nah, not there.Characters adher to their roles, yes... but those are boring roles, with no attempts to go out of cliche 'obedient squire with personal problems' bounds. They don't interact with each other, they don't try to push personal agendas, they don't do anything heroic or controversial on their own, just go down the stream. Having a choice of protagonist just locks away other squire's points of view and agenda, and makes them bland companions. A pity; with more dialogues and cut-scenes game might be more fleshed-out. And actually that was a major hit for me; as I bought a game expecting good character design, and a game centered around a party of comrades, but instead I've got no sense of working team.'Reserve' system in combat also adds to bland companions. Three person fighting, three not fighting. There is no incentive to ever switch you main party. And so, you don't become acquainted with your teammates on battlefield as well as in interactions (and this synergy in RPGs usually adds A LOT to player's care of party members!)Main quest is short and uneventful; you embark expecting some exciting journey, but as you arrive where you've been told, and again, and again, you begin to suspect that's all of the game. And it really is; nothing of importance happen, outside of some plot events near the end - and none of them are your doing anyway. And no sidequests. And no choices!!! You have, like, two minor choices toward the end, and that's it!Combat is easy and strightforward. Even if you choose to go to explore some woods, there is little of interest to explore, and fighting monsters is excessive - grinding and finding loot is not required to suceed in battles.The game has a very good idea and potential, but is very barebone for what it tries to accomplish. Oh, and this is the first chapter (of three?). Maybe later ones would be better."
,Not Recommended,315860,31453884,Posted: 29 April,all,loldemort,"I don't recommend this game, but I don't hate it. It's just a ""meh"" for me. The art is great and a lot of effort went into the game, but the story felt a little cliche to me and many of the characters felt like they relied a bit too much on tropes and stereotypes. After a while it became a slog to get through the game. The choices felt superficial and the combat was just standard: nothing special, nothing terrible. The writing felt a little simplistic, and the ending was abrupt and dissastisfying (probably because there is a sequel in the works.) In short, it was adequate enough, but not anything I'd recommend to someone else."
76561197960319303,Recommended,315860,19790834,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ragsu,"Reminds me of good old Suikoden games.Simple yet delivers well.A worthy game for at least those who appreciate good oldskool jrpgs.+Music+Story- Slow run speed- Mobs spawn every time you exit a dungeon screenTo know the whole story, you need to play the whole game with 6 different characters. I would be very interested in knowing the whole lore, but I cba to play the game through more than once.Battles are very easy at start of the game, but get tougher towards the end."
76561197975452658,Recommended,315860,17511859,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Donnicton,"The story about events within a superstitious backwater theocratic nation that is closed off from the rest of the world.  Magic exists but mages are persecuted as heretics, the noble caste thinks nothing of abusing the commoners as their god-given right and the ocean borders are constantly harassed by tribal frost giants called World Enders.  But one day the World Enders invade, and are much more organized than they were before...A story involving warfare intrigue more than heroics, featuring a cast of characters almost brilliantly unlikable in their single-minded superstition.  You'll play this game more to watch the events of a kingdom that the rest of the world has already passed, and the intrigues that occur within it.Pros:Unique art styleStoryline can be played multiple times from different character perspectivesNo random battles - enemies show up on the mapQuality music scoreSurprisingly interesting storylineCons:Level cap of 30Combat difficulty spikes at times from easy to especially difficult, without much in-between.Little variation across character playthroughs outside of dialogueLinear storylineStoryline is short - 4-6 hours per character at most if you don't bother level grinding.Character run speed is only slightly faster than their walk speed - as such much of the story time is spent slowly jogging between points in circuitously designed town maps.Overall I'd still recommend it if you're looking for a heavily story-driven RPG, but not so much if you're expecting to be that heroic spiky haired dude that travels around battling Satan."
,Recommended,315860,20277953,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,arrowny,"Celestian Tales: Old North was the 2015 Holiday Sale ""best of"" sleeper for me.  I had seen this game come up on my suggested list when it first came out but didn't have the time to play through it so I held off.  Boy am I glad I finally bought it.  I have now played through it twice at the time of this review and will most likely play through all six times.What makes this game replayable?  A unique feature of this game is that you get to select from 1 of 6 characters to lead the party of three through the game.  You get a unique character intro, at least one small perspective view of the story somewhere in the middle, and a unique ending to the character to give you more of the story from their perspective of the events going on in the world.  This gives you a little more of the story for about 4-6 hours worth of work playing through the game (again).(+)Good quick story, if that is what you are looking for.(+)Great music track(+)Good replayability through the leader system(+)Unique standard RPG characters with their own weapons and abilities(+)Pleasing graphic style and character art(=)Standard JRPG(=)Nothing new brought to the genre(=)Ending leaves the player wanting more from Old North and beyond (give us a series!)(-)Game length could be a turn off or having to replay the same story 6 times to get the whole story(-)Level 30 cap on characters(-)Only three levels to weapon system(-)Limited challenge from battle systemIn closing if you are looking for a decent story with some great JRPG elements this is a game worth playing through.  If some of the even or negative comments sound like something that would steer you away from the game, then this might not be the game for you.  I would still encourage anyone to play Celestian Tales: Old North because it has a classic charm to it reminding me of early Final Fantasy or Suikoden games.  It is not these games, but the developers have set the basics that could make this game a classic if developed further through future games."
76561198068876824,Not Recommended,315860,25475148,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,no1schmo,"At first, this game was excellent. Lots of lore (I guess it's based on some existing IP), interesting characters with different perspectives and arcs, a very pretty art style and music, and a simple but old-school JRPG combat system. However, it's like a steak at a really fancy restaurant, where the atmosphere is nice and the food looks fantastic, but the steak is this teeny, tiny little morsel in the middle of a foot-wide plate. This game is about 6 hours long, assuming you fight most enemies you come across instead of running or avoiding the fight entirely. The interesting characters I mentioned have little conflict besides fighting baddies, their character arcs are very simple and basically told to you right in their character bios at the game's start, and the game's story is mostly fluff. No, really, the story itself is nothing more than window dressing for some court intrigue, which would be fine except it robs it of any real meaning. The main plot is just here bad guy, fight bad guy. The REAL plot that this lends itself to amounts to a few lines of dialogue and the ending scene. Which is a downer of a scene, honestly, that leaves you with questions and feeling unfulfilled. I almost would have prefered a simple story of good triumphs over evil instead of setting up greater conflict that we don't get to see because the credits roll. Also, even within the short story, there are some meaningless chapters. We find a heretic evil guy...who is never seen again. Then there's this other traitor/criminal situation that...just gets resolved peacefully and never leads anywhere. To be frank, this is like Game of Thrones if it was 3 episodes long; by the time you even learned everyone's name, it's over. All that potential is just wasted. It would take ten of these to equal one solid game like, say, Suikoden II, a game that clearly inspired this one. One last story point; you have to pick a main character to play as. This character will always be in the combat party, gets a short intro scene in the beginning (and a paralled outro at the end), and has a few unique character interaction scenes. That's it, that's the only difference. They expect you to play this game 6 times to see the whole one extra hour, if that, of different scenes and dialogue that give just a smattering of insight and background over what we see in the main game anyway.As for gameplay, for the curious, it's pretty basic and easy. My only problem with it is the relative worth of some characters over other; despite having the same party for the entire game, you can only fight with 3 of them at once. Of course many classic JRPGs did this, but it not only feels arbitrary in this game, but it makes some characters terrible, characters who are great at inflicing status effects or using multi-enemy attacks that simply lose out because it's easier and more reliable to just pound your foes in the head. With a full party of six fighting larger enemy groups, however, these others could have lent valuable support and allowed for more strategy. As it is, they just slow you down. Furthermore, every character only gets 6 total skill slots out of 11 skills. Again, why even bother? Why not let me have all of those skills and thus a more varied arsenal? My healer gets one attack move, but I never use it because it would take up slots I need for healing moves, kinda defeating the point of using her. If you're only going to give me a handful of characters and a handful of moves, why aribtrarily cut me back just a little bit more? It just seems like a lazy way to add some depth and replayability at the cost of fun, just like with the main character scenes I mentioned above being blocked off for further playthroughs.This review feels longer than the game. Basically, the setting, setup and execution are great, the plot and sub-plots are questionable, the design choices are lazy, and the whole experience is wrapped up in an afternoon with a rather depressing and lousy ending of a bow. This could be the opening chapter to a fantastic AAA title published by Tri-Ace, it really could, but as it stands, it's disappointing and shallow and feels like it goes nowhere. There's just not enough meat here, not enough to really develop the themes and explore the moral grey-areas the game focuses on, it needed depth, it's plots needed payoffs, it needed time to cook instead of just shoving it's lesson in your face whenever it had one. I'm sorry, as much as I want to applaud the indie devs for what they did manage to get right here, I can't in good faith recommend this game to anyone, even fans of the genre who, like me, are hankering for the kind of RPGs we had in the SNES era through the PS2 years."
76561198029904609,Recommended,315860,20366036,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,bear_storm,"It certainly looks pretty, but you should know what you're getting into.Old North is paced like a full-length jrpg, but only has the runtime of about an 8th of one. It's billed as a narrative experience with meaningful decisions, but you never really get to see any of yours have much of a ripple effect. It's got lovely, animated combat, but not a lot of strategy to that combat beyond hit first and hit hard.In short, Old North is a good chapter one to a franchise that might not ever continue.I wouldn't buy this on anything short of a sale. 7$ is the upper limit for what I'd pay here, and most of that for the kinds of art assets Old North rolls out. It's a pretty game. Not Banner Saga beautiful, but nice to look at. And it's got some interesting narrative flourishes, but nothing truly shocking or ultimately satisfying. Its english translation is mostly good, with a few weird grammar hiccups, and it's paced like it was going to be a longer game but ran out of money.You could do worse than picking this up and giving it a try, but you could also do better."
76561198056626793,Recommended,315860,17527654,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,chronix112,"I have have played through 1 character  route and  portions of two others before making this review.  Celestian Tales is A good solid game. It is not really breaking any new ground or A new timeless classic in the genre, at least so far as 1 part of 3 episode game. Celestial Tales has an interesting story, and most of the cast is likeable (I however want to punt Aria off of A cliff).  The music suits the game, but could benifit from a few more tunes for extra variety.  The combat system is decent but you won't have to do little more then button mash attack for the 1st few hours . I can see this game getting A lot of  negative reviews  because of its linearity. You can't really make any decsion that can impact the story for this episode,   The few choices that you do make look like they will  influence  the way the story for the protagonist  will develop in the next episode. I think if the devs would have been more open about this then there would be less of the bitterness  that I have seen  in some of  the negative reviews.  Others will have issue with ending. I think it does an adequte job of setting up episode 2. I know I personally want to see what happens after it.My pros and conspros*Intersting story, while it still has some tropes, it  does not include most of the worst routinely seen in JRPGS*Good Soundtrack* Simple battle system, but offers depth with character specific abilities* Nice art direction and sprites are fairly animated for an Indie gamecons*The mobs have more hp then I'd like to chew through, which causes the battles to drag.*Very linear. Only have a few choices this episode, and those are near the end of the game* Short game lengh* Not really much difference in the characters besides prologue and choices near the end of the game."
,Recommended,315860,17633062,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,banthaqueen,"I absolutely LOVE this style of game, so this may be a little bit baised. The soundtrack was great and the gameplay was pretty easy to figure out, so no problems there. The characters are all engaging and unique and I do actually feel like I can play through it again with a different character (I played Cammile first) and be able to make some different choices. I played on and off for a couple days and today I finally finished it but, it left me wanting more. I'm glad it is looking like it is part of a trilogy. I will definitely be purchasing the rest when they come out. :) A rock solid game in my opinion."
76561198020729018,Not Recommended,315860,17557617,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ZeroGman,"Edit:  Not sure why it still says only 0.5 houts when I've put in 8 or 9It's not a bad game, but for the price you really aren't getting your money's worth.  It only takes about 6 or 7 hours to beat the game and the only thing good in it is the story.  Overall, the game feels extremely incomplete and the first video is mostly a lie.Your decisions do not change the story, only a tiny bit of side dialogue...""A Combat System without random encounters and level grinds"", while it is true no encounters are random, the experience system is so generous that you can reach max level halfway through the game.""...a refreshing take on the classic turn-based Japanese style RPG..."" and if by refreshing you mean lackluster with boring combat and stale mechanics, then yes it is refreshingly awful...""A Game that seeks to redefine the classic RPG"", but it really doesn't seek anything since it tries to do nothing new...Who made those statements?Pros:- Virtually no learning curve- The Story and backstory is well fleshed out, until the end...Cons:- Kinda buggy at times (Sometimes pressing 'A' to fast through cut scenes causes them to hang permanently)- Very little character customization- Very few items and equipment- WAY to short for even $9.74Overall, put this one on your wishlist and wait until they release more content (which I REALLY hope they do) and then get it if you are really really bored.  As of this review, the cost is extremely unjustifiable for what you get since it has no replay value."
76561198113881719,Recommended,315860,29389424,Posted: 20 January,all,xXMoonlightXx,"I....perhaps will struggle a bit to review this game because I absolutely loved it to the point that I finished it in one sitting.*Car screeches to a halt* Yes, I finished the game on hard mode in one sitting. So you probably know why this is going to be a bit hard to review because I was busy playing and getting into the story and   was about to resolve major conflict when all of a sudden....sad soundttrack rolls in and credits show. SO I am like.....wait, the game done already! Not a ra$$. Listen, this just needs to end, like stop half-assing things, just do it well and give an experience one will never forget. This happen to me before with another game that I found out had 4 other parts to it-__-. Who you think ago buy the rest! Get the hell out of here with that.As for what I applaud the game for:- Interesting characters, I laud the depth that must have been placed in each. I played with the blond intellectual female. I was thoroughly impressed by her discerning attitidude and morals.- Interesting storyline, kept me wanting to learn more. There are deep moral and ethical principals at play here and it allowed for introspection of certain real life issues-Combat was great. I ennjoyed it thoroughly, fast-spaced turn vs turn aspect,-Appreciated the graphics, clean and well done.So should this be recommended, yes it will be but I will not laud it without pointed out my major fault seh it too damn short and it doesnt allow the player to experience the full capability of the project as it wasnt completed."
76561198016509534,Recommended,315860,22098519,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Viridian,"Story was promising but uneven and needs future instalments to feel complete. Liked most of the characters.Visuals were pretty good.Gameplay was engaging but once you have a strong lineup there isn't enough enemy variation to force you to change it, so I ended up rolling with the same characters for two thirds of the game."
,Recommended,315860,17475637,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,malevolent,"Just bought because they show some love to Linux users by releasing the game for our platform. So, as grateful linux user, and lover of JRPG genre, I had to buy it as soon as I saw it :POverall experience with linux is very good... some non-xbox game pad support would have been awesome, but nothing really annoying, since a plenty of games only officially supports xbox game pads.Regarding the game, I just played half the Chapter 1 with one character and it seems it has all the JRPG elements I love: nice storyline and turn-based combat.2D graphics, without being impressive, are very well done, and animations (anime style) enhance the game experience by giving some deep to the story, but I would loved to see also someincombatanimations (perhaps there are, I didn't see yet any)."
76561198040811698,Recommended,315860,20689247,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Darkclaw3050,"I can highly recommend for fans of the classic turn-based RPGs, things like Chrono Trigger and Suikoden appear to have had a good influence.+Artwork and visuals look really good, in a hand-painted style+6 playable characters each with their own unique skills and backstory+Combat is fun, good UI and effects, good variety of skills+Opening/ending scenes and songs are well done+Episodic series gives something to look forward to+Rebindable keys-No map/minimap-No voice acting-Walk/run speeds feel too similar and a bit slow-Limited settings/options, no mouse support-Uncertain release timeframe for other episodesOverall well worth the price and a great deal on sale."
,Recommended,315860,24048118,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,White Shadow,"Not a bad game. I'd recommend it, but since it has many flaws, I'd suggest to get it when it's on sale.'Celestial Tales: Old North' plays like most 2D JRPGs - you have a party of heroes, you equip them, level them up, crawl through dungeons, and fight enemies. It's all standard stuff, but it is executed rather well. There is a great deal of polish and attention to detail given in the game.The game starts off with you getting to choose one of 6 main protagonists. This character will be your party leader, even though you'll get to have all the others in your team too. What's different though is that you don't get to see the cutscenes that dwell on the backstory of the other characters, but all the scenes regarding the main plot seem to be the same regardless of who you choose. This can be both good and bad. Good, because it adds some degree of replayability. Bad, because it does not seem worth replaying the game 6 times just to witness a few cutscenes that get omitted for other characters, and most players wouldn't want to replay a game 6 times.I have mixed feelings about the story. It's not bad, but it doesn't stand out much either. The setting is a pretty generic fantasy with kings, castles, magical weapons, and a looming threat to the world which you have to defeat. The characters are reasonably interesting, and the scenes involving their conversations are fun to watch. The story is a little slow at the start, but that's understandable for an RPG. However, there were some filler scenes and sections in the game that felt unneeded. For example, an entire chapter 5 (Detour) served no purpose whatsoever as it didn't further the plot at all. You can remove it altogether and it will make no difference to the plot and its events. This leads me to another minor annoyance. A lot of NPCs and minor characters were vastly underdeveloped and a lot of their story arcs felt deficient.Despite that the game promises a lot of choice and consequence, there's very little of it here. So if this is the aspect you're mostly after, you'd be disappointed. In my entire playthrough, I was only given about a couple of choices, and that's it.The combat was fun. It's your typical turn-based combat that's common to JRPGs. The strategic aspect was good as there's plenty of gear to customize the bonuses on your characters, and most of the skills they learn are pretty useful in the right situations. Having said that, most of the game felt like a cakewalk to me, right up until the final boss, which was a sudden and frustrating difficulty spike. Although the final boss is not exactly unfair, the fact it's so much harder than the rest of the game is very annoying, and it greatly restricts you to what sort of strategies you could use.To elaborate:I had to constantly use Power Surge skill as Lucienne to keep nullifying his stamina, or else if he gained enough stamina, he'd start unleashing Omnislash and other deadly party-wide attacks that can destroy you in 2 turns. In addition to all that, he loves to heal himself for a whooping 2000+ HP every now and again. For comparison, a single attack against him would deal around 100-500 damage, and you have to spend most of your turns defending in order to regain stamina quicker, so having him restore 2000+ HP sets you back by a lot. The whole fight just felt like a grind as I was forced to utilise the same strategy on repeat.The game's visuals and art are pretty great. The music is all right and is what you'd normally expect in fantasy RPGs, but I've heard much better soundtracks in other games personally.I've not played the DLC, but I might consider getting it at a later time. Overall, don't expect anything overly epic or unique, but if you want a nice, fun fantasy JRPG with some likeable protagonists, then the game is well worth picking up. From what I read on the forums, this is meant to be the first part of a trilogy, so hopefully the devs will step it up a bit in the next part."
,Recommended,315860,17952919,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,2w.Sovereign lfs Sunday 830,"Impression: Not bad, but get it at a discount. ~10 hours of gameplay (one playthrough) - controller is advised.About me:I enjoy a lot of different games, singleplayer and multiplayer. I'm not the kind of person who goes out and does every quest while earning every achievement. I rarely deviate from the main quest and I don't do multiple playthroughs without a reason. I play a lot of visual novels though, and try to complete every heroine arc in those because each playthrough is almost nothing like the others.Why I bought the game:I thought the art looked cool and the music was nice. The gameplay did not look too complicated either.Good thoughts on the game:Celestian Tales: Old North was pretty entertaining. There are these artifacts you can find throughout your journey which attribute to a secret encounter later if you find them all. You can also find up to 3 weapons for each squire. The combat difficulty was pretty well-scaled as well. I have finished only one playthrough (Reed) and I thought the music combined with Reed's perspective turned out to be a pretty enjoyable story. It took me about 10 hours to complete, including grinding to max level and for items.Bad thoughts on the game:There's only a couple of bad things I can think of. One was the random spazzing out of NPCs. It completely broke any sense of immersion that I had when I saw these people just freaking out everywhere. This should not make it into the final product. The other is the poor layout of the towns. When poor layout is paired with an art style that makes it hard to tell which floor belongs to what, without a map this becomes really hard to navigate. By the end I was still getting lost.Improvements that could be made:While I am fully aware that this is supposed to be a series of games, there is a lot shown and far too little I am able to access. As you play, some areas are opened up for exploration. This is not the case forallareas though. There are many locations I had hoped to visit at least once because they are on the map, but none of them ever became available to me. I would like to see the ability to interact with places that I am shown, or otherwise I should not be lead to believe that I will get there in this title.I did mention earlier that I don't do every single quest, but that doesn't mean I don't enjoy the occasional side quest. There are 0 side quests in this game though, making all of the NPCs feel a little boring and a lot of the areas unused.As the story progresses, you move to various areas and some merchants follow you so that the same 3 shops are always available to you. This is fine, but for reasons I won't spoil everyone packs up and leaves at certain parts of the story. This means that if for any reason you are still in these areas (farming for items, exploring, whatever) you need to travel really far away to access any of these shops. It also becomes very annoying to have to pass through these empty areas on foot to get to the other side.I think a combat tutorial would have been nice for those who aren't accustomed to JRPGs. For anyone interested, each person has Stamina and Health. Stamina is consumed when using a skill and is replenished when attacking (+1) or defending (+2). Each turn you can either attack, use a skill, use an item (consumable items), or defend. The player's party may consist of 3 people (the character you choose +2) and the opposing party may consist of 1-6 people.I think there should be scenarios where the player's party could have more than 3 people. I will be honest - I only used Isaac, Lucienne, and Aria the entire game. I never even considered using anyone else. Because they weren't useful to me, I have no feelings for these characters.Allow custom controller mapping - and while you're at it, allow me to map things to my mouse as well. Include multiple buttons for the same action.Implement a backlog system that allows the reader to see previous dialogue. In visual novels it's as simple as scrolling up if you accidentally advance too soon.Allow the skipping of previously-seen cutscenes. That last fight was so painful because of the long scene before it.Introduce some sort of New Game+ with the above bullet. This would give some incentive to actually see the other characters' perspectives if they're going to have the same story.Remove that saving shrine. I don't see a reason for it to be there.That's all for now. I'm looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,315860,27920767,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Queen Wyntir,"Overall: this game is a great value if you catch it on sale. 6.5/10Pros:- Cool story with mega Game of Thrones vibes- interesting character breakdowns and origins- Decent over-arcing plot- Engrossing character development- Easy to understand battle system and tactics system- Sets up future stories and really showcases great world building techniquesCons:- SUPER FREAKIN SHORT MAN- Battles become very repetitive very quickly- Creativity on beasts and monsters encountered is limited- End battle is wildly frustrating and much more difficult than any battle prior- If you lose the end battle, the game dumps you with nowhere to go and no one to talk to, so you have to reload the game manuallyOthers may find the story much more worth the short run time. It is a must-play for any fans of old school RPGs though. The art direction and sound design are leagues above what I expected or as compared to other games at similar pricepoints.TL;DR Winter is coming, but only with a discount."
76561198041490668,Recommended,315860,17662142,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Junglist,"Great game with a solid story, but must be said. A medium between Yes/No is needed here.Too Short, Too easy & felt like a lot wasn't touched on.That being said, There were a lot of hints to indicate they are not done yet. couldn't access most so many places on the outer world map, & not to mention a constant reference to this 'outer realm'Finish up guys, you ain't done yet."
,Recommended,315860,23508392,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,『lucernae』,"Look, I know Ekuator Games, I know how they struggle to create this franchise. So, at first, I was reluctant to give a review because I'm afraid I will be heavily biased. But then, after I played the DLC, I realized this game has certain charms and depite it flaws, it also has many plus points.So, here goes my review:SummaryDespite its genre being JRPG, the contents of the game actually tried to simulate real worldpolitical and social (even racial) issues using midieval knight fantasy settings. The story follows6 protagonist set in the realm of knighthood and nobles. This game particularly, highlighted theirteenage phase trying to reach knighthood. Celestian Tales was supposed to be a trilogy, with each game highlighting a specific event through their age. As I said before, Old North here highlighted their teenage phase. The later 2 games will highlight their adult and old age phase.This concept become interesting when this one game tries to tell the story each protagonist experienced during the same event. So, for example different character you chose will feel slightly different, since they all come from different background and have different motivation for knighthood. You will see their character progressions in the event that will define them for the next game. Interesting right?StoryI have to tell you this aspect is the most mindblowing feature I have. I haven't seen this in a long time, since maybe Suikoden games era. The story was seen differently by each character. For the next game, it was supposed to be developing, meaning each character will undergo change (physically and mentally). As fas as Old North can tell, the plot is amazingly deep and coherent! I really like it. The writer, or whoever who wrote the script put a great attention to detail on how the event would feel for each particular character, and how the story unfolds after you have seen all the aspect of the story from each character. Investing in other character provides impact on how you perceived the whole event. It was such an amazing experience, like you are reading experienced novel writers.However, there seems to be some misspelling here and there and some grammatical error, but that might be forgiven since the plot it self still consistents.The Lore and background of the world in Celestian Tales is so diverse. So much things can be explored by its writer. Mystery is hidden to be found. Stories waiting to be told. All tickling your curiousity to wanting to know the next story. I even have to admit, Howl of the Ravager DLC can also be seen as a prologue of Old North. It revealed interesting background stories surrounding Old North chapters, and provides more insight on how Old North have that kind of ending (I won't spoil you). In fact, it was to the extent that I think it is not fair to call it a DLC, since the game length is fairly the same like playing one of the character in Old North chapter, also the stories were closely related. They should have included it in the main game :p. Anyway the DLC is worth to buy too if you are curious and enjoyed the stories like myself.Given a potentially great storylines and possibility to expand it into a huge franchise. I can give a solid:9/10point is missing because sometimes, there were spelling bug. But that can be fixed.AnimationI will just be blatant about this. As much as I love it, well I found some flaw in the art.Opening animation is ridiculous quality. It was saved by the amazing soundtrack. It feels like the animator doesn't put full effort on it (perhaps considering the budget). Please, my hand feels itchy just by watching the opening scene.Walking sprite was surprisingly good quality for JRPG genre in 2D world. Enough said.Battle sprite was so so. I think you can put more effort for smooth and epic animation, since people will generally do battle everytime. It is not bad, but not wow either like Vanillaware games.Concept art for the world was smooth and refreshing. However the architecture of town was slightly ridiculous. What kind of Lord who built his castle like a maze for his people??? Shade gradient also sometimes hard to distinguish, which makes you failed to recognize the depth of the tiles as 3D structures.This can be fixed by art director of course.Character portrait art was also good, had distinct feel to it. Nice. No complaints from me. It's just that it kinds of deviate a little bit from the art of the world itself.Music is surprisingly good. I can tell the developer tried to put midieval feel on the soundtrack so it becomes like that. Pretty good for this kind of genre. It feels very epic in strong scenes. The use of music element was also well thought of.Overall, I'd like to give you:6/10low point because of opening animation really :p. 8/10 if battle sprites was smoothly animated.GameplaySince this is story-heavy JRPG. I think their main focus is not on the gameplay. I observed such low expectation on gameplay, like the following:Battle seems kind of repetitive, doesn't get much creative possibility from the player. I mean, atsome point, you will just mashing the button without thinking to skip through battle scene. Very different from JRPG as general. They sometimes add personal feels to the battle so it lasts an impression. Think about Muramasa Rebirth, Valkyrie Profile, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Persona, even Final Fantasy. They all had defining elements of choice in their battle system. I find it lacking here.Choice of Weapon and Armor was very limited. But it was saved by upgrade system.Economy mechanic was not entirely original (selling loot for money, no other way to have money). But not bad either.Choice mechanic was a standard choose and react. Actually I imagined the choice would have more impact in later games.No sidequest. Very sad.No minigame either. Very sad.For this lack of gameplay element. I can only give:5/10Just because I was being generous.ConclusionI really support this game and see its potential to become a great game (even franchise).However, I can't recommend this solely based on potential alone.For you who really enjoyed deep story. You will not be dissapointed.For those who played for the sake of playing.... Nah this is not for you.There were really not much in terms of gameplay this game can offer.You will spend most of your time reading text, doing boring battle, and exploring limitedworlds. For those people, if you want to support the developer, just buy it while it is on sale.I know this is harsh, but overall rating from me is7/10I will still recommend it for those who enjoyed the stories most! It was a great story!However, in order for it to become aGREAT GAME, it has to be agamefirst.Keep it up Ekuator games, I know you can pull it off. I will keep supporting you."
,Recommended,315860,17506184,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bagofair,"Steam needs more games like this. I love how you can select the character you want to role play. After selecting one character, the rest of your game would be in that character's perpective. Really nice feature and offers great replayability. Sprites are well animated, but somehow the battle animation is a bit lame. Sprite animation for battle should be more intense. When you swing a sword, it should be animated like it is a really strong swing that will make the enemy bleed. Music was great, I enjoyed it. A footstep sound would be a nice touch. Artwork are great too! but there are some that needed more work. I really recommend this game if you like titles like Suikoden 2 and such. Great job Ekuator, but I'm still waiting for more updates on the artwork :D"
,Recommended,315860,19954193,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Maxx,"I have been bored with this post-2000 generation of games, few are the complete package the games in the 90's were. Some have a grat story, some have great gameplay, others look beatiful, and I buy them, and try them, and soon forget. Since 2010, only 3 times I have bought a game and played it from start to finish without playing anything in between: Bastion. The Banner Saga. And now, Celestian Tales: The Old North. They show us the amazing potential of these smaller companies, how good and beatiful can something made with love be.Old North is a traditional turn-based RPG, with leveling up, equipment customization and all these thing a RPG has. It's not long, but each of the 6 main characters (one of which must be chosen at start) has his or her own story, leading to a lot o replayability. It's a beautifully made 2D game, the soundtrack is quite good, all the characters are very well portrayed, with complex and believable personalities and the story is absolutely amazing. It looks like an interesting cross between The Banner Saga, Game of Thrones and Suikoden 2, so just buy it, you won't regret."
,Not Recommended,315860,17517234,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Zaros,"This review is written on the basis of one playthrough+some moreThis game looked really promising to me on the store page, especially since i've been in the mood for a jrpg for a while now.Sadly i wouldnt recommend this game.Here's why:While the start of the game is really strong and got me into the setting and the world fine the farther i got into the game the more.. incomplete it felt. There's quite a few loose ends storywise and the climax is a huge wtf moment and even after the final boss theres no resolving at all. In addition there is way less moral choice in this game than i've imagined. it boiled down to 3 with 2 options.Now some general likes and dislikes:Likes:Gorgeous SpritesLovely ArtstyleA solid Combat SystemDislikes:Sometimes the world seems badly put together with textures not transitioning well from one to another (Castle Walls in Starting town, Indoors in general)Almost no guidance in terms of where to go especially when the game tells you to go to the village in the west and has you leave through the right side of town and then travel northeast.The length of the game is fine for this price point i feel. My Savegame just before the final boss clocks in at 5:06 hours. Given how little deviation there is even with having 6 characters to choose from i dont see much replay value.For some points on what buggered me loose end wise heres my opinion in a spoiler block:Quite early you enter a city where one of the characters asks you not to go into because you yould meet their father. this is never adressed again and remains unresolved. You're never able to enter.One Area of the starting city is blocked from the start and cannot be entered the whole gameThe creator of one of the bosses escapes (Mad scientist trope type btw) This is never adressed againOne Mentor type character is exiled which is fine but its never brought up again afterwards.The ♥♥♥♥ with that ending o_oThis game is full of loose ends and could've gone so much farther.If such storyholes bother you like they do me do not get this game. It provides little to no closure on anything.If you want a solid JRPG with enjoyable combat and dont care much about loose ends or wtf endings feel free to get the game!EDIT(August 15th): I was notified that i've overlooked that this is a trilogy which explains the issues of the loose ends. it does hoewever not explain the 'ending' of this first part then it still comes out of nowhere without context and even knowing its part 1 of 3 it leaves a bitter taste. I'm goign to leave my former assesment then for historical purpose but i am going to change it to this then:I'm still not recommending buying this game YET if loose ends annoy you, rather wait for the other two parts and thus the conclusion fo the game and buy the trilogy hopefully in a bundle then. if those still not bother you then go and buy this"
,Recommended,315860,25242104,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,www.ucg-ky.com,"An amazing story line. If you are into Suikoden, this will remind you a little of it and it will keep you coming for more. The map is too cartoonish, however, the level maps are designed perfectly to give the player a great feel for the country they are traveling in. The level or towns that you visit are interesting and each one has its own unique background. Some of the main characters are interesting. The guy with the Axe is just completely stupid. At first glance he looks like the quiet type; instead he's just stupid and ignorant. I would have liked a more Vincent FFVII style character, or better yet Clive from Suikoden. The entire character artwork is flawless and I commend this team for their effort and time they used creating it. Great job guys!"
,Recommended,315860,31148370,Posted: 14 April,all,Aqua,"Frankly, if you went into this expecting Final Fantasy or some of the other RPGs of old, you'll be disappointed.  It's the first part of a trilogy and as such it will feel quite short.The writing can feel a bit cliched at times, if only because fantasy has been done so frequently at this point that most fantasy series are bound to feel cliched I'd wager.  While one could spend time playing through each prologue to gather the backstory, and therefore 6 full playthroughs to get achievements, well, the gist of the story will still be the same.Now with that out of the way, even the repetitive music tracks are great.  The artwork is quite nice, especially for a game that takes the look and feel of RPGmaker games, and I happen to be a player who doesn't really care about artwork as much.The characters themselves are actually quite interesting.  Even though the plot is less intriguing to this player, the cast is likeable enough.  Isaac and Camille have very intriguing pasts and series of events.  Aria shows more depth than your typical zealot.  Reynard seems to grow as a person.  The other two have amusing moments and so forth.In the end it is rather short for a Japanese styled RPG, but it kept this player invested enough to wait for the sequel.  I hope the developer delivers, but in the meantime you should meet these cast members and decide for yourself!"
,Recommended,315860,33376490,Posted: 8 July,all,Lord KKs,"Well this game has some bugs, but is a well designed project. The story is very good, but it would be sooo much better if we had more choices/ options in the game, and different endings. ***SPOILERS *** we can't stand for the arcanist who saved our lifes in the zombies attack, we can't choose to be on lord Severin's side, and so on.*** SPOILERS END***if they had get this trait from western RPGs in this old school jRPG setting this game could have been so much more, in the end it falls as another standard RPG with some nice memories, but nothing that stands out.The idea to have six different pespectives is good, but i don't feel compelled to do the same thing over and over again, just to see the difference in opinion of the characters and some new scenes, to me, it would be better to have everything in one ride.The game is too short.The world map should have more exploration, its too blunt and the art is horrible, not cool.But aside from all this problems that i said, the game is good, it has the 3 main pillars; good story, good gameplay, and good music."
76561198144565647,Recommended,315860,33394502,Posted: 8 July,all,Evil By Envy,"Celestian Tales bring back classic jrpg memories. when the battle mechanism still turn-based fighting, im hoping much on this game as if i was playing suikoden franchise with good story-based on steam version. althought the game is communicative, but the presentation of the story is too 'lecturing' and predicted. and i felt like the choice selected didnt make any differences on the storyline. i appreciate with the animated cutscenes which with interesting artstyle and mind-blowing ending. Overall 7/10 within my expectation on this game."
,Recommended,315860,25875999,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sigtryggr,"Coherent character driven storytelling is a rare story telling method in video games, and Celestian Tales: Old North does this so well that it justifies the current price tag of $12.99. Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of things wrong with the game. Little things that could have been improved, such as level design and color palette choices that scream amateur, or under developed combat systems and a distinct lack of mini games or side quests. Some translation choices are questionable to say the least. All that aside though, the core of Celestian Tales: Old North story telling remains intact and very much enthralling.So lets start with the price of the game and why the minimum standard of the game is worth it. The price of the game is 12.99. A modest price for a game, less than most high quality indie games. The vast majority of those games run between 15 and 30 dollars, an average of 22~ dollars. Old North beats that average by nearly 10 dollars, and offers more in a lot of areas, while admittedly less in others. While the gameplay could use some more depth, and the story could help facilitate this, it's still just a minor hiccup in what is otherwise a very deep and rich game. At 13 dollars, Celestian Tales is well worth the price point if youre looking for a strong narrativeThere are still things that can drive you away from wanting to pruchase this game though. While the story is strong, its rife with strange translation and language choices. While this is undoubtedly a product of the game being built in another country then ported to the US, it's still a shame that it didn't get the final polish it could have used for its US release. Those are really the only problems with the deliverance of the story however. The characters, the story itself, and the way the world is made to live and breathe through these things is very impressive, especially for a game that is relatively short. Which brings us to another problem people might have with the game. Without spoiling too much, the game ends on a cliff hanger. On it's own, that isn't necessarily a bad thing, but considering the games epic feel, seems like it should have been a little bit longer. While this doesn't bother me so much as I don't have as much time to game as I used to, it could bother others. The game has a surprisingly small amount of fluff in it however. While there is back tracking and fetch questing, the way the story is delivered doesn't necessarily make it feel that way. While this probably helped attribute to the games short story, it also helped keep it engaging and enjoyable.Longevity isn't the last problem Celestian Tales might have though. The gameplay is solid but lacks in depth where there could be more. One of the long standing issues with turnbased battle systems is that people are afraid to innovate with it, sticking to the tried and true systems. Old North doesn't offer anything especially new in this area. It's reliable and fun for the most part, but given that there are incentives to play the game 6 times over again, it just lacks the depth to keep players coming back that many times.These are small problems for a 13 dollar game though. Even playing through Celestian Tales: Old North the one time is worth the monitary investment. While I myself am looking forward to the next installment of the game, I can only hope that more people will discover the depth and intrigue of this game."
76561198170045799,Recommended,315860,17499554,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Christovovap,"I was really unsure if I should recommend the game or not. The gameplay is nice and well thought over, graphics beautiful and story decent enough to keep playing. But ending dissapointed me. It felt like I was just starting and suddenly the game just ended abruptly. The game seems really short to me and ending came too soon, which is a shame, because I really enjoyed playing Celestian Tales. But if this should be first part of the three, I guess it is not so bad. It is just that feeling that there could be more in the game, like more choices, more secondary quests, more places to go, ...+ well done battle system+ good graphics and soundtrack+ deep and interesting playable characters+ nice story, enjoyable playing- length of game, it felt like a few hours- linear and straightforward game, almost no exploration or side quests"
,Not Recommended,315860,17638540,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,rpattun,"Never written a review before so bear with me.I grew up on strategy games and JRPGS, and I really wanted to like this game. And for what it costs, it's not that bad. But I can't recommend it, at least not until they fix some glaring issues.I'll start with the pros.1 ) The character art and sprites are very well done.2 ) I liked the stamina mechanic, and the inclusion of aggro into an otherwise old fashioned combat system.3 ) The music is what you'd expect for this kind of thing.4 ) I liked the range of character skills, and the weapon specialization system.5 ) I liked that combat is not random, and is avoidable.6 ) I liked that experience applies to your entire group, not just the characters currently in your party.And now for the cons.1 ) The story, which is supposedly the most important part of this game, is non-sensical. Characters often behave in ways that completely contradict previous scenes. The ending is particularly bad because of this.2 ) The story is so bad it needs multiple spots. The promised over-arching theme: war between different nations, is completely absent from the game. You instead spend the entire time fighting incredibly generic blue viking monsters called, i'm not kidding, 'World Enders'. Yay.3 ) Many plot points are never given any background whatsoever, seemingly important characters come and go, and the main villain looks likes he belongs in a TMNT episode.4 ) The grammar is terrible. FF Tactics got a lot of flack for poorly translated prose back in the day, so much so that when they re-released it on the PSP they rewrote it (and it was good). This game makes FFT's prose look like shakespeare. I understand that the writers of this game probably don't speak english as a first language, and that's fine, but they could at least hire a copy editor or something. Spelling mistakes are rampant, the way characters talk to each other reads like bad fan-fiction, and there is literally no reason to ever talk to an npc.5 ) As others have mentioned, the game environment is not done well. The background sprites, especially in cities, completely lack depth, making it very difficult to move around at times. A few shadows here and there is all it would have taken to fix this.6 ) Travelling it tedious. Why not just have a fast-travel option to revisit places you've already been? Literally no one likes to run through multiple zones they've already gone through just to get to one place.7 ) The game's trailer promises that your decisions have weight, but you only get to make a decision 2-3 times throughout the entire game, with no discernible difference in outcome.8 ) The ability to pick a 'main' to start the game out with is a neat idea but not executed well enough. The prologue chapter is too short, and the minor differences past that do not warrant replaying the game.9 ) Despite the fact that I said I liked the combat system, you often rarely need to use the full extent of your abilities. Enemies don't do much, there isn't a wide variety of them, and most of the time you can get by just spamming attack until everything dies.10 ) On that note, the difficulty often varies wildly, spiking without warning. One minute you're fine, the next common mobs can 2 shot you. You rarely ever see mobs with new abilities or buffs, they just all of a sudden have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more life and hit a lot harder, which just makes the increased difficulty annoying and not necessarily challenging.11 ) Because of the lack of variety in combat, there's never a reason to switch out your party members, other than to perhaps alleviate your boredom for a few minutes. I never even used 2 of my characters, and I don't see why I'd ever want to.12 ) Opening sequence animation is pretty cheap, but I guess that's not really a big deal considering the game is also cheap.13 ) Who closes their eyes when they're happy? What the hell is that? Can you stop? Jesus, maybe this kawaii♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't for rme.14 ) Chapter 5 is a complete waste of time, nothing important or of interest happens, and it feels like it was just included to pad out the play time. You could completley cut it and I don't think anyone would notice.I might be coming off as too harsh, but tough love and all that. I wanted to like this game. I am aware that this is supposedly part 1 of a trilogy, so the issues can be addressed . But this is steam, so there's no reason why they can't release a patch to address the issues that have been reported with this game, as it currently is, especially if they want people to actually purchase parts 2 and 3.The simplest fixes that would go the furthest, at least for me, would be to:1 ) Smooth out the difficulty (or even just scale enemy difficulty to your level)2 ) Fix the stilted english, even if it means re-writing the entire damn game. At the very least, fix the typos and mistakes.3 ) Add some depth to the most problematic environments (cities).4 ) Fast travelAnyway, if all you're expecting is a generic, mediocre rpg, you'll be fine. I have certainly played worse rpgs on steam that have gotten higher ratings. But if you're looking for something on the level of say, suikoden, don't waste your time."
76561197987790383,Recommended,315860,20532060,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Endeavor,"A beautiful old-school RPG that is worth the money.  Check out my video review:https://youtu.be/_QwTmo6lDmkVideo Transcript:Hello viewers!  My name is Endeavor, and I'm here to present the first episode of A Bird's Eye View for 2016.  To kick off another year of reviews, I'm taking a look at the turn-based RPG Celestian Tales: Old North.  Developed by Ekuator Games and published by Digital Tribe, this game was released on August 9th, 2015.Celestian Tales: Old North is the first of a trilogy of games.  It follows six squires on their path to knighthood.  They are sent to a noble lord to receive instruction.  The story truly takes off when war breaks out and the protagonists are thrust into the conflict.Each of the six squires has their own background and personal story that is told throughout the game.  The player chooses one squire to act as the main character, which determines the story.  Throughout the tale, hints are dropped about the other character's backgrounds, engendering a need to play through the game multiple times in order to see the other perspectives.The biggest selling points of the game are the story and choices presented to the player.  In every situation where a moral choice was presented, there wasn't an option that was clearly the “correct” answer.  Each choice involves ideals of duty, honor, and morality that complicate the issue at hand.  Unfortunately, due to the story arc spanning three games, none of the repercussions of those choices come up in this chapter.   This means we don't know how big the story payoffs are going to be.The art of Celestian Tales is another of the game's strengths.  Vibrant hand-painted scenes and backgrounds draw the player in, and the character sprites animate very smoothly.  Adding to the atmosphere is high-quality music, which blends seamlessly with the visuals to invoke a storybook aesthetic.Mechanically, Celestian Tales will feel very familiar to fans of classic Final Fantasy games.  This is especially true of the game's combat, although there are enough twists to make an old idea feel fresh.  Characters and enemies face each other in a line and attack in turns.  Special attacks and techniques are used by spending Stamina, and Stamina is gained by using a normal attack or defending.  Health and Stamina reset at the end of combat, so there isn't any between-battle maintenance to worry about.While there are six characters, only three of them participate in combat at once.  When a character is knocked out, they receive the wounded status: a stacking penalty to the character's maximum hit-points.  When that happens, the best practice is to swap that character out with one of the reserve heroes until a trip to town can be made.  Unfortunately, this strategy doesn't work when the main character is wounded, as he or she is required to be in the forward party at all times.  This is my biggest complaint with the gameplay.  While this mechanic makes sense on paper, in practice it's an artificial restriction as all characters are involved in the dialogue and story regardless of what position they take in combat.Ekuator Games is currently working on DLC for Celestian Tales.  According to their Kickstarter, development has begun on the second chapter: Realms Beyond.  No word has yet been released regarding how much these expansions and chapters will cost.With a retail price of $12.99, I give Celestian Tales a strong recommendation.  Pick it up if you're a fan of classic turn-based role-playing games.  This game is available on Steam or Good Old Games for Windows, Mac, and Linux.That concludes my review for Celestian Tales: Old North.  Thanks for watching!  If you want to see more videos from The Rookery, check out our YouTube channel.  You can also follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and Tumblr for updates and upcoming releases.  Have a Happy New Year!"
,Not Recommended,315860,25559392,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Heradite,"Hey! So I read the decription of the game and it was intriquing: what would I do in order for my nation to win?  After all right or wrong is for me to decide. That's a great pitch! I'd love to have to pick between doing evil and doing good not to defeat some Big Bad but in order to win the war!So I started the game, picked a random character (not sure why), and the dialogue wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. There was no real life to the characters. Anyways, I get to the first dilemna facing the character. Do I get a choice in how she acts? Does the game ask: will you do this or will you not? Nope, turns out there was no choice.Maybe there are choices later in the game and there's nothing wrong if the game hadn't pitched me picking between right and wrong. Take away that choice and the rest of the game, with it's weird keyboard controls and typical RPG writing, and I lost interest in playing. It was a bad first impression and with limited time for gaming, this game goes to the trash heap."
76561198015386441,Recommended,315860,24904870,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Soldier Who,"I really enjoyed the game. I am not a JRPG fan (although after this one I may just as well become a fan), but I was attracted by the art and the overall presentation of the game. I went in with a clean slate, I didn't follow the game's develpment or anything.There is a feel of a large world with an incredible sense of immersion. I read on forums that the game will continue, which is great, because Old North pretty much ended on a cliffhanger. Anybody knows when the next part is going to come out? I am a loyal fan now. :D"
,Recommended,315860,29025420,Posted: 4 January,all,Hobby_goat17,"It very interesting game which I kind want to try all the options before I put in towel. Currently I looking to check the other perspectives, how they got where they got and I found character backgrounds so far interesting,  I wondering if there part 2 in future? I am pretty sure there is sequel. I do wish them good luck in that.  Replayability 6+ is probably is reason for the many options of possible..."
,Recommended,315860,23592054,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Smoker,Probably the closest you're going to get to a new Suikoden game since Exit Fate. Also has some Game of Thrones influence.The Ravager DLC is pretty good too.
,Recommended,315860,32889503,Posted: 27 June,all,Aarolei,"I enjoyed this game for what it was. It felt very much like a love letter to Playstation 1 era JRPG's. So far I've only done one complete playthrough with the red armored girl Lucienne and working on a second playthrough now with Yliane. The main game for your first playthrough will take you about 9-12 hours to complete.For me, the story was decent enough that I wanted to know what would happen as it continued. At various points you're given choices, but currently they don't seem to affect anything really in the storyline for THIS game. Its hard to justify this design choice when there's still only the first of a trilogy for play. However, it does raise hype to see what may happen once the next title is released, and I am deathly curious about what occurred for some characters because of choices I let my characters take.The battle system is pretty simple, but I do like that pretty much all the party combinations I've tried so far had some sort of synergy. That's pretty tough to pull off when you have six characters you can pretty much switch out anytime between fights. However, I wish the gear choices were a bit more varied to further push characters into certain playstyles. This is something I hope occurs for when the second title is released.Music is pretty respectable, especially love the battle theme. The art direction is great too, my only complaint in the art is sometimes it is difficult to tell what is higher/lower in perspective planes. Some extra shading/lighting for this would have gone a long way to dispel confusion in these areas, especially in the capital town you start the game off in.Also, if you're purchasing, I HIGHLY recommend adding the Howl of the Ravager DLC. The party you use for it is different than the base game's, but it really fleshes out some things that occurred in the main title. Plus, the fights in it are more challenging and interesting.Definitely think this game series has a lot of potential depending on how the next title in this series goes."
,Recommended,315860,17632801,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kenli,"If you looking for game with JRPG style, Suikoden feel, beautiful 2D graphics, and awesome music, you must play Celestian Tales: Old North!It's a Trilogy game (which no so much information about this when play this game), so i'm appreciate the story even it feels very short.Pros:- Beautiful 2D graphics, characters and environment- Awesome background music, make me stand for more minutes in one place just because i want to feel the music. :)Cons:- No mini map- Can't move fast (a.k.a running)- No place's name in menu, sometimes make me lost and confuse to visit new area (my personal experience when searching for Mudtown which connected to one of main City)- No auto-pilot or teleport feature (quick access please!)- Enemy encounter feels ""so-so"", no encounter 'advantage' or 'disadvantage' like usual JRPG (for example: Persona 3 and 4 enemy encounter)My score: 8/10Overall, this is an awesome game made by Indonesian Game Studio. I'm so proud for Ekuator's effort (developer name) since first Kickstarter which give 'failed' result and then they rise again, try 'one more time' and finally finish the game!Can't wait for next game! :)"
76561198061247062,Recommended,315860,30324982,Posted: 4 March,all,SingleDigit,"The game is really beautiful, fun to play, with interesting options and a somewhat interesting storyline. The only downside, imo, was the ending, which felt a little abrupt. Was expecting a little more exploration.You do have 6 playable characters, and I've only played one of them, but it feels kind of tiring to replay the game 6 times, presuming it won't dramatically change with each new character.That said, it's definitely worth the play."
76561198009250245,Recommended,315860,23464351,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,will-1066,"This is a beautifully drawn game with some wonderful music and very memorable characters. Each of the 6 protagonists you can choose as your main character has his or her own storyline and background, although the meat of the game isn't affected by who you play. There is genuine growth in some of the characters, such as the brute warrior who learns that his axe is not always the best solution to every problem. The overall plot is nothing terribly new and there are some inconsitencies, as well as some bad grammar and misspellings in the dialogue, but it is still a good story and the small flaws don't take away from the game.As far as combat goes, it's very reminiscent of Suikoden. Pairing certain characters together let's them use each others' abilities to their mutual advantage, such as one character being great at causing status effects like poison and another being able to exploit those flaws. Characters heal after battle (unless they die), so no need to worry about healing up after each fight. Strangely enough, I never had to use a single item in combat; no healing, revival, or status ailment curing crystals needed at any point. Not a single one. I maxed out my characters (level 30 is the top) 7 hours in with no grinding or detours. The ability to see your enemies moving around and then run past them is great once you reach that point, as fighting becomes pointless at that stage.Unfortunately, this game is short. Very short. Like, I beat it in less than eight hours, short. For any kind of RPG to be so short, to have such promise, and then end so abruptly, is more than a little disappointing. I still recommend it, but buy it on sale. I'll pick up the sequels if/when they come out, but I will definitely wait for them to be significantly lower in price. $15 is way too much for an 8 hour game, and playing through as each of the 6 characters doesn't offer enough of change in gameplay or story to warrant it.Presentation: 9/10Story: 6.5/10Score: 8/10Gameplay: 6/10Overall: 7/10It's a fun little game and absolutley beautiful in the classic style of Suikoden with a decent plot, memorable characters, and some good gameplay features, but it is very, VERY short for an RPG, fights become pointless after a certain point, and there is no need to play it through more than once, unless you really want those Steam Achievements ;)"
,Recommended,315860,18953946,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Xaneorath,"This game is clearly a case for the missing ""neutral recommendation""-button in Steam. I can't quite decide if I should vote ""yes"" or ""no"".It has many nice aspects, like the artwork, animations and interesting story dialogues. I really liked the resolve of the major event (a war) storywise, and it generaly gave me a very good feeling, reminding me of why I am a big fan of the Suikoden-Series. (Is it just me, or does the running animation seem almost copied from the Suikoden artstyle?)That being said: It is super-short.As soon as you think, that the ""main plot"" would be starting (in most other full-priced games of this genre), you will see the credits rolling. The game proposes replaying the game for the ""different perspective"" of another character. But as much as I see it, the differences will only be a slight sub-plot which runs in parallel and is shown between different situations of the main event. I can't really say that I am too eager to rinse & repeat through it with the other characters.Conclusion: It is a nice game, done with some artistical love.  If you want a short but involving story in Suikoden-Style, you really won't regret it.BUT 13$ is way overpriced from my point of view. Get it when it's 50% off or something. I'd say 5-7$ (per chapter, as the Devs seem to plan a trilogie with it) would be a more appropriate price."
76561198043445125,Not Recommended,315860,25513839,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,underused,"I'd support a kickstarter for the next game but can't recommend this one.5.3 hours to hit the level cap for me, apparently. If subsequent games get made there will be a decent game here eventually but right now it's too short to be worth it. There might be some of that moral ambiguity that's being hinted at down the line but not yet since very little happens.75% off it's probably worth it but not at full price."
76561198067489753,Recommended,315860,17478992,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,King Venom,"Fantastic game.  I've already put a lot of time into it and it brings me back to the days of playing Suikoden II which is great.  The game has very beautiful art, a fantastic soundtrack, interesting characters and quick battles that allow you to actually use your skills frequently instead of saving your AP or MP for a big fight.  I would recommend this to any fan of SNES/PSX era JRPGs.  There are a few glitches but I'm sure they will be ironed out."
76561198069951094,Not Recommended,315860,28976870,Posted: 3 January,all,MelbuFrahma6,"I really, really wish I could write a positive review for this game. The art style is great, the soundtrack is above average, and there's a germ of an potentially interesting tale here.But that's all it is, a germ - an incredibly threadbare and frustratingly content-light germ of an idea. Simply put: the game needs more of pretty much everything. It needs more monster variety. It needs more actual story content - my first playthrough, complete with me exploring pretty much everything, ran about 6.5 hours in length. It needs to expand more upon the ideas it brings up - about the only one that was even close to properly covered was the concept of poverty vs duty and the law, i.e. can you truly blame poor people for turning to crime when you tax them into starvation, and even that idea felt just barely covered enough to warrant its inclusion in the storyline. Pretty much every other concept that was brought up felt like it was brought up just to be able to say that it was briefly talked about, without any kind of in-depth consideration or true discussion within the game's story - and if you're not going to actually spend quality time talking about piety, or broken legal systems, or whatever else you want to bring up, then don't bring it up on the first place. The characters were also very two dimensional, and almost no real character growth of any kind occurs. Not to mention the story ""resolution"" resolves virtually nothing, leaving a dozen or more story threads completely hanging in the worst possible ""sequelitis"" kind of way.And the combat. Oh, the ""combat"". Incredibly simplistic and easy, with the only even vague challenge occurring in the final boss battle, or a secret boss battle - and even that ""challenge"" was mild at best. There's just enough of an effort to make planning for battles tactical that it's clear the developers knew they needed to do something there, but you can pick three characters and run them the entire playthrough, spamming the ""attack"" and perhaps one or two abilities each, and you'll be fine. There's also next to no character customization, with each having a starting weapon and only two more that you can find along the way, and the ability to upgrade each of those twice. That's it. There's a half dozen armor choices for both armor types, too. And maybe ten different accessory variations, most of which - similar to the weapons - you can find a more powerful version of, and then a more powerful version of that second one. But that's it: just enough variety that it's clear that an effort was made, but nowhere near enough variety to make the variety actually matter any. It's similar with the enemies, too: there's only a couple dozen different foes, and several of those are just reskins of previous enemies.I truly wish the game's makers had spent more time on this title. Another ten or twelve hours of content (and no, saying ""Now replay the game again with a different character! It'll make 1% of your playthrough different!"" does not count as more content) and actually fleshing out the framework of ideas they timidly created would have made this a game I could recommend. As it is... if you catch it on sale for 75% off and you've nothing better to do with an evening, consider it, but otherwise definitely avoid this title."
,Recommended,315860,24769174,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Octjillery,"So, I decided to do an early-on review, as I've noticed most of the reviewers mentioned playing through all of the routes for the best overall opinion of the game. I'd like to share my thoughts as of 2.5 hours in.Let me start by saying that I got this game and the DLC as part of a Humble Bundle, so I honestly did not spend very much money on this title.I'm in chapter 3, around level 12, Isaac's route. You pick a character right away, based on a brief summary of their background. I chose him because that's my favorite name, and his story seemed like the best place to start for the broadest perspective of the game's caste system and such. Simple enough.--Graphics (9/10) As far as graphics go, the backgrounds are really beautifully done watercolor landscapes. The sprites are pretty detailed, and the character dialogue portraits (and party menu portraits) are nicely done. Appearance-wise, I have no complaints, though sometimes bridges look a little wonky--but that's really not important, and doesn't take away from the game.--Battles (8/10) The battles are classic turn-based with the usual attack, defend, skill, and run options. You have six characters, though only three are active in battle. Choosing a party was a little difficult for me, basing it on who I liked as a character coupled with who would be most useful. However, several characters have some sort of healing ability early on, so it's somewhat flexible (even though one character is obviously the healer).You're not really given any sort of tutorial because it's all pretty standard, but I kind of had to figure out after a few battles that attacking (I'm not sure if it's just that or any battle action) raises your STA, which is how you use skills. So, basically, if you want to use a skill that requires 4 STA, and you start the battle with 3/max, you'll need to attack regularly once first. This is an interesting take on MP/TP/Mana/Magic consumption, I suppose. It's not really tedious, anyway.Lastly, grinding is turning out to be a necessity. I used to be happy to spend hours grinding in RPGs, though I'm a little less enthusiastic about it now when my gaming time is so limited due to a full-time job and two other part-time jobs. Still, it's really not a big deal, nor a complaint. I just noticed that I went from one area, fighting boars and stuff and doing so quite quickly, to getting hit for like 75% of my health five minutes later in the next area. So, I guess just be aware that you shouldn't skip over fights like you might be inclined to. (The characters actually have a conversation about that.)--Story (7/10 so far) The characters are pretty diverse and seem interesting enough, but I don't really know enough about the story to give it a fair rating at this point. I like where things are going. Conversations can get a little wordy, but as a fan of visual novels, that doesn't bother me unless it comes out of nowhere and just seems like a needlessly lengthy conversation. There really is no great prophecy or incoming disaster here, but it does explore what it means to be human and humane. The game focuses more on morality than myths and magic. Overall, the plot has been intriguing enough.-- Misc.: Just before settling in to write this, I looked into the money situation. At this point, I had collected a whopping 0 coins/gold/whatever L-word they use in this game. But, I had a lot of loot from battles. I went back to town and visited a shop, and just sold all of it. It put me at around 12k, and scored me an achievement. Then, I went to the next shop over and saw that purchasing weapons requires a base weapon as well as a few items of loot. I had figured the loot would be used this way, but I sold it anyway because I plan to do some grinding. Nothing introduces you to the money/loot/upgrade situation, but now you know.Anyway, I'm having a good time with this game so far, so I'd recommend it if you're considering it."
,Recommended,315860,23745820,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Luciola,"It's pretty solid for what it is. The story is a little short, but I was expecting that. I'm interested to see how it will continue.The gameplay is solid, You shouldn't have any issues at anytime in the fights."
76561198073502838,Recommended,315860,24185533,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,askas30,it is an rpg that is more concered about telling a story than suck you in with the fighting system the game suffer from a lack of an objective beacon or somthing that can tell you where to go next but overall it is a good game for the amount
76561198029054677,Recommended,315860,29771175,Posted: 7 February,all,veyonyx,"Lovers of JRPGs classics will find this game intuitive and fun.  Yeah, it's short but there is incentive for replay.  The battle system is intricate without being overly complicated.  I was struck by the low level cap but that kind of ties in with the game length.  Characters were cookie cutter but interesting nonetheless.  The story ended quite abruptly but was overall intriguing and deep.Pros:FUN!Difficulty adjustment (Hard was just right)Cons:ShortLevel Cap1 notable difficulty spikeThe game is cheap enough to not regret buying it."
,Recommended,315860,17587535,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Huami,"it takes a lot to impress me, and I'm thoroughly impressed! Feel good rpg vibes ^_^"
,Recommended,315860,19350331,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lucy,"So far I've only played through 1 character's story (Ylianne) and started a second one (Isaac), although I'm definitely shooting for 100% completion! I have to say that I really dig the combat system (it's pretty simple, but I like the way special attacks mp and stuff works...and my lazy heart enjoys that you're healed after every battle haha...) and more importantly (to me!) the story! I can't wait for the next installment of the game. :)"
76561197994830973,Recommended,315860,18778447,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,gobbler41,"This game is not so much like ""Rashomon"" – everyone agrees on what actually took place – so much as it’s like ""Pulp Fiction."" Every character is much more complex than he or she first appears, and no individual has the full picture. With each playthrough, characters that I’d dismissed as one-dimensional suddenly became sympathetic, and their perspectives lent new emotion to scenes I’d seen before. One playthrough just isn’t enough to judge the game.Each run, assuming you take on the secret boss and don’t grind, takes about 5-6 hours or so. That “don’t grind” bit is really important; the combat becomes considerably more interesting, since you're forced to be resourceful and creative instead of steamrolling everything.Every time you clear the game, it creates a clear game save file, which will be imported into Part 2 with your choices. Speaking of choices, some of them are not available for certain characters. Depending on their history and psychological profile, some are only going to be able to take one of the choices available to other characters. It seems to me this creates a real sense of foreboding: There’s just no way this ends well for everyone. It’s pretty clear that as difficult as the events of this game were for some of the characters, Part 1 was the idylls of their youths; you get the distinct feeling that by Part 2, when they’re all likely to be knee-deep in intrigue and deception, they’re going to look back at these simpler days with a sense of longing.All this points toward a game series with a great deal of replayability; it’s pretty clear that you’ll have to take all six characters through the three games to get the full experience. Definitely recommended."
76561197992684055,Not Recommended,315860,34793593,Posted: 7 September,all,Pyros,"Honestly, not a terrible game by any means, but suffers from several issues. Graphics and art in general is pretty good, even though there's not much variety of enemies/places. Music is pretty solid, but again not much of it. Story is pretty poorly written but the setting is solid so it could have been better, the interesting parts only start in the last 15mins of the game. I found characters to be particularily unlikeable, while the royalty characters tend to be pretty common in this type of game, they're usually balanced by having different point of views. Only Yliane provides a different point of view in this game out of the 6 characters, and her point of view is cliché and always the contrary of everyone else so it becomes dull also.The game suffers from a few bugs such as NPCs twitching when patrolling as well as some technical issues like the lack of proper resolution or keyboard+mouse support(can't click on most stuff, have to use up/down on keyboard to move through everything, can't Esc out of stuff but instead have to use the Cancel button etc, so definitely play this with a pad, not with a keyboard).Difficulty felt very uneven, with most of the game being easy, but tedious(combat against trash mobs takes about as long as boss fights when you get the large groups, but pose no real threat if you use a proper setup... nor do the bosses really). However here and there some spikes in difficulty, like the last boss which proved to be unkillable with the particular set of chars/skills I had, I had to reload a save and change my skill build to kill him(I don't mean I was dying, I meant it was a permanent standoff, with the boss simply healing for more than I could damage him and with no way to prevent it because his heal has low enough cost that draining him of stamina wasn't enough). On the other hand I feel if I hadn't played the setup I had(tank+healer+DPS), the game would have been a lot harder. Monsters seem to hit for stupidly high damage with very little ways to prevent it due to how restricted you are in your skill usage by the basic combat mechanics, so having someone who taunts and having someone to heal that character felt almost necessary.Customization felt minimal, there's very little gear to use and most of it is very standard stuff so no choice there, there's skills and passives, but a lot were redundant or weren't balanced properly when considering their cost versus their effects. I feel most characters only had very few swaps to be used, and most of it was fairly obvious, they were mostly stuck into their primary role. Which isn't necessarily bad, but there just wasn't much to do in these. You give your healer a single target heal, an aoe heal, a way to remove debuffs and that leaves one skill only. And obviously the passives will be stuff that increase healing or similar, so no real choice there. Every characters felt built like that.I'd say the most negative aspect is it's basically not a full game, it's like the first act of a game. The price is relatively low so it's not so bad, but don't expect a great rpg, this is just the opening act, a teaser, and not a particularily appealing one. This is especially blatant when you have to make certain choices during the story that have absolutely 0 impact on this game's story. I assume they'll matter in the next game maybe, but that feels pretty bad."
,Recommended,315860,17478420,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Char,"I might come back and edit this when I get farther in the game but after playing around 2-2.5 hours I would definitely recommend this game. The characters are well done and the enviroment fits nicely with the music. Combat is another plus in the game, a fun three party system. My only gripe that I found so far is that walls can be hard to distinguish at times. You should buy if you love RPGs and especially if you love the Suikoden series. Happy gaming. :)"
,Not Recommended,315860,17704915,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,lastland,"The whole story is only like a prologue. The last two chapters make the story much better, but the first 3/4 of the story hardly motivates me to continue playing.The game claims that it has situations ""presented to the player throughout the game that force players to face moral questions and beliefs"". How many such choices I actually face throughout the game? One. And I don't have any feelings for the possible consequences.There are some innovations in the battle system, but in the most of the time, it's boring. It does neither provide nor require much tactics to beat most enemies.The pictures are good. Some of the musics are great. However, it's not worth the price."
76561198004173499,Not Recommended,315860,17637564,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Taear,"Old North is a game attempting to re-create the JRPGs of the SNES era. The problem is that although it does a pretty good job on the graphics and battle system it hasn't been able to write a story which makes sense.I understand that the developers wish to create a trilogy. That's why every single plot point goes nowhere at all and why there's so much of the map that you never ever visit. All it makes you feel like is that you're playing a demo. A four hour demonstration of a future game that isn't out yet.This isn't helped by areas of the ""main"" city being cut off, telling you to come back later. Nor is it helped by the strong focus on the Soldier's story. I'm very glad I played her first because the game fitted around her in a way it doesn't fit around the other characters.At first I felt impressed that the character I had chosen managed to feel like the central character and assumed the other characters would have their own story that somehow also felt natural.  Unfortunately this is not the case and every character plays through the same thing with a few very vaguely different discussions along the way.I was also very disappointed at a final boss battle that is thrown at you from nowhere and doesn't help to tie up anything that's happened. In fact it makes the final fifth of the game feel genuinely pointless.I do enjoy the aesthetics of the game. The maps evoke Suikoden or Lufia and they're not unattractive for the most part. However they're flat. Exceptionally flat. There are many areas where you'll find you're bumping up against nothing at all because a roof is in your way of walking behind a house or an invisible wall is there that just looks like a flat piece of ground. I'm not sure this could be fixed and it's quite irritating.The enemies you encounter are in the world and you can walk into them which triggers a fight. Any enemy you see outside of a combat sequence is a literal grey blob with angry eyes. I do not know why this is - the sprites for boars, spiders and giant men (which are almost all of your enemies) do exist in the game and you DO see them in the world other times.As the game gets closer to the end it starts to feel less finished as well. Post level 20 you do not get any more abilities - I am not saying you need them but after getting them every other level it 'feels' weird - and the grammar of sentences gets noticably worse.Do not spend your money on this short and uninspiring game."
76561197971308505,Not Recommended,315860,23685139,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Swiskon,"This is one of those games I just barely can't recommend. The biggest flaw is the fact that it's part 1 of a bigger game. I'm fine with games being in parts but you need every part to stand by itself. This feels more like a prologue to the actual game.The positives are the characters. They are varied, funny and have some depth (but the game is too short for any real character building). The only problem with them is that you have to replay the game 6 times, once for every character, to actually get there story.This is as the developer say, a story focused JRPG with interesting and intriguing choices. But the choices are way to few. Several times I waited to make a choice and the story did it for me. I think that if you got to play all characters stories at the same time (you play with all of them any way) this feeling might not have occurred.Now for game play. The mechanics I felt were good but the variety of enemies where low... really low. And most of it where cosmetic ones. Only the fairies felt like they where different and even the secret boss wasn't unique, just bigger and stronger.I have to point out the fact that it was one of the few non-sexist games I ever played. All characters were of different sexes and it only mattered for sexual preferences. That's all to rare to see even in this day and age.Visually it was mostly really nice. I did think some of the things stuck out a bit. Most of the time I enjoyed it though but wish for bigger areas in the future.To sum this up. Hopefully I can recommend a bundle when all parts of this game is out. It has huge potential and I will definitely give the second part a chance. I enjoyed my first play through almost entirely so if you really miss a JRPG, pick it up. I can however, as thumbs down shows, not recommend it as a standalone game."
,Recommended,315860,25326843,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JackChan,"A beautiful game and have a very good story, even with some meaningful talkings to make me actually thinking ""why"" or ""what should i do if im him/her"", good little rpg."
,Recommended,315860,25535730,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,haqqmisra,"I have mixed feelings about recommending this game, it really depends on what you're looking for. I gave it a positive vote because I enjoyed the overall experience, but I'd prefer to assign a neutral rating.The art and music are fantastic and make the game a serene experience to play. The story also includes original elements and certainly caters to a more adult audience than many RPGs, although elements of the story still feel a bit cliche at times. The use of six different party members to give a unique perspective to the story adds some depth to the unraveling of the main and sub storylines. I haven't replayed the game yet, so I cannot comment on how different each storyline is from one another. The developers are also to be commended for including 4 female PCs out of the 6 total, passing the Bechdel test with flying colors.The battle system felt like a generic turn-based RPG with little to offer in the ways of innovation or challenge. None of the battles were particularly memorable, nor were any of the weapons or abilities. The choice of party members did not seem to be essential for strategy at any point (apart from choosing a typical balance of a healer, tank, and archer), so the selection of party is more a matter of style. The pace of leveling seemed quite rapid, although I did appreciate the party-leveling approach (instead of tracking XP per character).I had high hopes for the moral dilemmas in this game's storyline, but I was disappointed that these choices seemed to have few in-game implications (apart from different cut scenes at the end). I would have liked to have seen a few different forks in the path of the story, making the outcome more open ended. Moral dilemmas are more fun when they require us to deal with the consequences of our decisions.Even with these downsides, I will probably still play Howl of the Ravager for the story and ambiance."
,Not Recommended,315860,28766297,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PROper.KuZiShe #QueenChoa,"I was told there'd be choices to make in this game so I bought it in hopes of getting to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥there were nonethe combat was ok but probably too easy for most people. the story is meh, and of course there are no choices like they say there are. i felt ripped off."
76561198019964935,Not Recommended,315860,21165350,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Yglika,"I did not expect much from it but I at least expected those advertised ""moral choices with conequences"" (hopefully perhaps even forming your character like Cinders was doing). Yet I just finished the whole first chapter (for Aria) plus exploration of the city (about 1-2 hours of play) without being able to make *a single one damn choice* at all! :-P Funny thing is... the opportunities were huge right from the begining, but the game never asks. All dialogue is strictly predefined. :-( I feel somewhat deceived. If choices is what matters for you, stay away from this. Even if there perhaps are some later, they are obviously so sparse, they're hardly worth mentioning yet alone prime advertising."
76561198008062383,Not Recommended,315860,34343752,Posted: 18 August,all,xyz2red,"The game, as a whole, was fairly pleasant to play. However, after playing it, to completion, in less than 8 hours, is a little pricey for what you get from it. The gameplay and story is relatively dull and the final boss has an immensely overpowered heal that means you aren't allowed as many options to strategise as you would have had for any other fight. All in all, if its on sale for cheap it's ok to pick up. Otherwise, don't bother."
76561197961181274,Recommended,315860,21288694,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Suredeath Hellman,"It's not a hard game but it's fun and has a story that is interesting. It wants to be like Final Fantasy on SNES. The art/sprite style is nice and pleasing to look at, the soundtrack is kind of generic nothin special but it's not bad.I'd say it's a 6/10"
76561198225356060,Not Recommended,315860,17520512,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,archyann,Awful. The trailer promise a deep story with an interesting gameplay. When in fac it's a story full of cliché characters with a battle system that is painfully simple and uninteresting.
76561197991772151,Not Recommended,315860,17509697,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Freelapdance,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT IS A CASH GRAB!I'll be blunt; It's Bad. Real Bad. I really WANTED to enjoy it, but already after 30 minutes i had bad vibes and were thinking about returning the game before the 2 hour mark, decided against it and give it a second shot. BAD IDEA.The game took me aproximately 10 hours to complete, spending most of that time simply fighting enemies to level up as you would in most similiar games. Stopped Gaining new skills after a dozen of levels (15-20ish) finished the game at level 28~SPOILER ALERT!Major plot holes, the game leaves a lot of loose threads hanging; Where is the Outer realms? Where is the hunt for the necromancer? Where is a continuation of the conflict with Arias brother etc etc...Zero replay value other than the ~5 min prologue for each character. Gaining the ""Upgrade all X Weapon to max"" achievements means finding 2 weapons (plus the one you start with) and upgrading each of them 3 times.TL; DR - There are FREE games better than this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and if you TRULY want the ""oldschool"" feeling go play an Oldschool game, like The Breath of Fire Series etc."
,Recommended,315860,17479205,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"I enjoy it so far, aquarelle-ish art style which is a bit of eye candy and a very traditional jrpg turn-based and fun battlesystem.great characters and story as well, well for the 10 euro price ofc.Oh and one more thing, it doesnt feel like and isnt a RPGMAKER game."
76561198000681309,Not Recommended,315860,17527815,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Totoro,"##This review might be long, I tend to get ahead of myself when I write, but I do go into details. You have been warned.####Introduction##Alright so I've finished the game after (according to my record) 7 hours of gameplay and I've had some thoughts for a while now about the game and what I've payed for. I'm an old school RPG player with extensive experience in games so I'm hoping I can give a fair judgement of this game with this review.Let me start by saying, that the game is actually quite short. Some people have stated that it is up to 12 hours long, but I really dont see how they could have played for that long, since I played 7 hours and collected almost everything, i think i was 4-5 items short (achievement items), I'm one of those who basically wants to collect everything in game, as long as it doesnt take forever (there is a limit!).You could in theory complete this game in less than 5 hours and basically see everything there is to see. With ONE character, let me be clear about that, because the game do encourage you to try the game with more than 1 character.##Trying to be make a list##I'll just start by stating the obvious stuff:## Graphics ##The game has a pretty art style, atleast if you look at the trailer, but if you look in the details you'll see that it's really sloppy. A lot of the background melts into the actual gamplay, and you often walk right into walls at the start of the game. Later on, you learn what's a wall and what's not, but you still get irritated at ""being slowdowned"" whenever you touch a wall. I can see why, but it's really annoying. I would'nt hit that wall if it was made more clear.Later on you realise that the ""walking-graphic"" and background graphic is really limited and it feels like a cheap version of a JRPG where you cant really move anywhere without hitting a wall, you want freedom, but you get none.  And in that sence this game is really linear. The walls prevent you from walking anywhere than where your supposed to. But this also leads to a really slow and boring experience, because your limited to where you can walk.You also recognise a lot of the sprites of the characters, especially if you have played ragnarok online. The Dev's have stated that they have been inspired by ragnarok online but that they have drawn all the sprites themselfs, but I simply can't see their own ""touch"" to these sprites, it really looks like they've just almost stolen it completely and put it in their own game.##fighting##Anyway, lets move on. After you have grumbled a bit about the graphics and start playing the game, you will soon start fighting. There is no real tutorial in the game, nor is there any manual that will help you out if you're wondering about stuff.For example, after I had played for a while i was wondering what ""power"" does, or what ""dexterity"" does in this game, since I found some accessories that gave me these stats. I actually inquired about this on the forums, and the devs were fast to respond about the actual meanings of the statistics. Which is really nice, it shows that they care. But the game need this info to be in the game, in the lore book for example, not in the steam forums.But even without that knowledge, the combat in this game is quite simple. They do try to make it hard by making some enemies hit you extremly hard. I'm not kidding here, the enemys hit you 1 time, and you are down to half health.You can ofcourse prevent this with several abilitys, and characters, and this leads down to you selecting your preferble setup. And there is some number chrunching here, but not that much. I actually had to change my setup once.. at the end of the game. But that was it. I've even seen someone state that they didnt even use a single heal in the game, they just powered through the whole game.## the story ##The story if great, that is all. Experience it by yourself. I'm not going to spoil, there is enough of that in the forums.## other stuff ##So alright, I think I've covered most of the stuff, but here is a few things that annoys me.## Rant to devs ##TIMESINKS, im not kidding. I sometimes get the feeling that the developers in this game put in timesinks in this game just to make it longer. Just so they could say that the game was 7 hours long, instead of 5. These timesinks are so blatantly obvious it makes me so angry. While i was playing i was talking out loud that ""why do you do this? It's stupid!"" because it was.As an example: You get a chapter in the game where you're mission is to go to a place and investigate a persons home. You have to walk first to the person who gives you the quest, then through the whole city (as stated earlier, you have no freedom, you can only walk on certain paths, so walking through the whole city takes atleast 1,5 min), walk through a forest of enemys, and once u get to that house you get some boring conversations about nothing, and then you have to walk all the way back.You do not do this only once, you do this atleast 4 more times in the game if not more, but in other circumstances. It's really obvious, and its really annoying. Do not do that again in you're games, its stupid and obvious and really takes away all feeling. Atleast, atleast put an event when you finally reach the place, not just conversation where you have to walk up to the person and talk and they say something, and say the same thing when u click again. At least put an effort and make an event or boss fight, or bandits, or.. whatever! Don't be so lazy, that you dont even put anything there, but the ""idea"" that this is a good time to visit other places (without hinting about it). You walked all the way there, to do what?urrrgh. Anyway. This game is what you pay for. It would probably do better as a novel than a game in my honest opinion, cause the writing is alright. The game, no not so much."
76561198010800144,Not Recommended,315860,21504445,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,美国队长,"OMG this game is too short! I feel really bad. Buy FF6 or something instead. Same price! This is rediculous! The story has potential, but it was not ready for primetime!"
,Recommended,315860,17478631,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,"VERY pleasant and amazing game.There already longer review of this game, go see it friends :)Buy it, just buy it :D"
76561198261625105,Not Recommended,315860,33729163,Posted: 22 July,all,einheriblota,"The game is fairly simple, the drawings are nice, gameplay and story too but again, they are simple. I wouldn't recommend it unless it was on sale. Gameplay is like any typical rpg, graphics are pretty but nothing to be amazed of and story is interesting although it has potential for a lot more. If they had exploited the different stories from characters to fill in the gaps for a bigger and greater story, this game would have been quite interesting. I wish they had cut more general scenes or general missions to implement character specific scenes or missions, to really make use of the replayability of the game. IMO the differences were too few and too little to replay it with all of them, as well as the choices didn't really have a big impact on the game.Overall, a simple standard game."
,Not Recommended,315860,17795035,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nab,"Take your party of 3 heroes into battle while another 3 wait their turn because of reasons. Upgrade your 3 weapons through 3 levels. Make about 3 moral choices over the course of reaching level 30 (during which you usually get 3 new skills per level until the developer ran out of ideas around lvl 20).Your fights will usually be over by round 3 by using your 3 options of attacking, using items or defending. Debuff your enemies with poisen, bleed or silence (no worries the mold of 3s is intact).Comes with a supporting cast of utterly moronic characters, any one (or 3) you just want to give a kick in the threes every third sentence. The story and background doesn't even pretend to want to make sense, but you can't call yourself a JRPG and not pull the occassional (3) rabbits from a hat.The visuals can't decide whether they want to be retro or just bad. There is probably a lot of music in the game but somehow only the most frequently played 3 are memorable.Give a whirl if Final Fantasy is too hardcore for you"
,Not Recommended,315860,19879184,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dea†hRow.Zaffre,"It's just not worth it for the price.There are games with much better quality, story, gameplay for the same price."
,Not Recommended,315860,17596667,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Margonite,"Idk whether to reccomend this or not honestly. I had a good base but overall seemed to lack a lot of content. If I had to sum up this review in a few words I would say this feels more like a 5$ game than 15$.Story:The story had a good base, but there are tons of holes and dead ends as you progress through it. For instance, you will meet someone who seems like they are going to have a large role in the story, but then you will never see them again.The variance between the 6 characters as far as storyline is rather minimal, not something that i feel is worth playing through again. All in all, this felt more like a prologe or DLC to a larger game and I sincerely hop they dont try to plug the holes in the story with dlc and they just fix things in the next game.Combat:The combat system and items etc are kinda shallow. I suppose they are about equal with how much story there is but you basically get 3 different types of each weapon with 2 upgrades (C-the standard,C+ and B quality) The only time I felt it was necessary to use any skill other than heal was the final boss, everything else was spammming auto attacks. That being said, the final boss was actually a challange (everyone in my party died and got ressed at least twice throughout the fight). And there seems to be no upgrade for armor.I'd like to do one more playthrought before I go any futher on this, but right now... I think this game is just lacking too much"
,Not Recommended,315860,17591151,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Supremacy,"I commend the developers for trying, but this game definitely falls a bit flat.The battle system is nothing that's too innovative but it's not unnecessarily complicated.The story is completely unfinished, and this feals like it should be ""Chapter 1"" in a long series of tales.  This would be OK if the game were priced accordingly, but 7-8 hours of gameplay is not worth what they are asking for it.  There may be some minimal replay value in playing through each of the six characters, but the main storyline is the same and there's almost zero choices to be made.The art style is a bit jarring at times because it has no transitions, and there's definitely a lack of depth (meaning that they artist(s) did not convey 3D space very well) to it.  The hand-painted look is nice though.  The character sprites look pretty good, but their animations feel a bit off.It's worth a playthrough if you come across it on sale for $5 or less, but otherwise you might find yourself, like me, very disappointed after finishing your first playthrough.The monsters are all very one dimensional, and there's nothing really flashy or exciting about any of the battles.  Pretty much you can just defend, heal, attack your way to victory the whole time.The characters are all very one dimensional, with a few exceptions and some minor 'growth.'  If the game had been two or three times the size, I think it had potential to become a very good game, but as it stands now it just fell completely flat.While a more minor nitpick, there are also a lot of spelling and grammar mistakes in the character dialogue.  Some could be attributed to 'character dialect' but most of them should have been caught by anyone doing some proofeading.I bought this game because a review said it was 9/10, the JRPG we've been craving.Unfortunately I believe that review was made by a Kickstarter backer or something familiar to the company, because I am not sure how anyone who played through it could give it a 9/10.  If you excuse it being shorter than watching the LotR trilogy, it still only earns a 7/10 in my book.Given its length though, I have to say this is 3/10.  Not worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,315860,17808051,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Flubert,"Celestian Tales: Old North isn't a terrible game, but it isn't a great one either. The story is extremely linear, there are no side quests, and few equipment choices. The choices presented don't seem very meaningful. The greatest weakness though, and what earns this game a 'not recommended', is the length. For an RPG, the game is extremely short (I completed with max level in 9 hours), and what length it does have is somewhat artificial- several long cut scenes and slow dialogue set a slower pace, and I did spend some time wandering around when the next step in the story wasn't entirely obvious. The music, artwork and locations were well done. Perhaps when all 3 planned games are completed, together they will form a game long enough that I can recommend it as an overall worthwhile experience."
,Not Recommended,315860,19196422,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,dleslie822,"5/10 - Game is serviceable, for the 8-10 hours it takes to complete.  Probably the biggest issue with the game, is the choice that the developer promised in the kickstarter campaign, never happens in any meaningful way.  Your only choice is to either defend a pregnant woman or not defend her at the end of the game...no recommended"
,Not Recommended,315860,19462337,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,©r3nie,"!!contains Spoilers!!overall rating: 6/10overviewI only recommend buying this to oldschool-jrpg-enthusiasts, or only if it`s on sale for 5€ or less.Just when I was getting into the game and the story finally began to get interesting, it was over.There's a sudden ""boss-battle"" and then suddenly the game is over, just like that.It provides like 5~7hrs of playtime (for a simple single playthrough with one character).After the credits is a short ""cut-scene"", where they make clear that the story will continue in the sequel to this. But really, they should have just put their sequel into this game, and make it feel more ""whole"" by doing so.This game is not very challenging. I only died at the last boss-battle, because I wasn't expecting it and wasn't prepared.Only the story which is somewhat interesting and the expectation of more to come, keeps you playing.But there's not really much more to come. So at the end I was just really dissapointed when I saw the credits rolling.CombatThe battles are kept quite simple - It's a round-based system based on the characters initiative, so the usual. You have stamina points which fill up by 1 (or 2) each round, and you can then spend them on your skills, other than doing just a simple attack.Problem for me was, by the time that the stamina points would fill up to the point where I could actually use a nice skill, the enemies were already dead. So basically you're using the low stamina cost skills all the time, or just hit ""attack"" repeatedly.Also, theoretically a syngery between the characters different skills is possible (f.e.: With Camille i give the enemy a ""bleed"" status effect, and then I have another character do extra damage when the enemy is affected by ""bleed"").This is nice in theory - but it seldom ever works, because the enemies will either already be dead by the time you manage the combo, or you are. And when you die, you lose all the stamina points you already built up..story + charactersYour decisions really don't matter. I don't know why they would put that in the game's description, because it's not true. All you do, is click+read through the dialogs. There are no options or anything that would have any effect on the outcome of the game except one or two, where you can choose between two options, but it still has no effect on the game whatsoever.The characters are quite flat, some of them are annoying, most of them are okay. But not really a single one that I could identify with and fancy. :/controlsThe game has a few control issues which are quite annoying, but nothing that would interfere with the gameplay itself. Sometimes you get stuck at a piece of environment where you thought you could walk over, but really can't.To the devs: Maybe you could fix the following issues:- make lists be scrollable more quickly by holding down the down-button and gain speed (useful for the shops)- make lists be accesable backwards - like when I am at the first item of the list, I wanna press ""back"" and get to the last item at the end of the list. Would be sooo useful.- allow me to skip sequences I have already seen!! (especially for the last boss-battle one, which is damn long)- please don't make me click everytime that I wanna move from one area to the next. Just make an automatic area progression whenever the character gets to the screen border.artwork/graphics/musicI didn't really enjoy the watercolor styled backgrounds, they looked somewhat ""cheap"" and unfinished. Also, it makes the areas, especially the large town, look confusing, as to understanding the perspective.The sprites looked cute.The music is fine, but I would never call it a ""great soundtrack"". At some points it really annoyed me because it was such a short loop which kept repeating itself (the music in the castle)only buy it, when it's on sale please :) then it may be a fine game."
76561198112820423,Recommended,315860,17971614,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,reinventedsky,"Though it ultimately strikes as an incomplete vision, blighted possibly by a budgeting issue, Celestian Tales sets a very intriguing framework for a potential sequel. It doesn't quite succeed in the attempts to offer replay value in the form of six character perspectives, but it's still a well written narrative with charming visuals and an overall throwback RPG gaming experience. Recommended on a discount offer, as the full price Celestian Tales demands is somewhat reaching."
76561198027480537,Recommended,315860,17905519,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kami-Kahzy,"Attention to detail is a rare thing in the gaming industry, and Ekuator Games has that crucial skill honed to a razor's edge. The sheer volume of love and dedication that was poured into this game is evident from the first five minutes of play. From the engrossing characters and believable story paths to the tiniest visual and audio details, the Celestian Tales series has proven itself as a much needed ray of ingenuity in a stagnat market."
76561198093388856,Not Recommended,315860,17930605,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ShadowWolf,"i wouldnt, i thought this game would give choices. but its relly just a walk here, turn based battles. story game"
76561198108902649,Recommended,315860,19927269,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jay3584,"Great potential, but needs more content. I hope the rest of the game is released fast enough to keep everyone interested."
76561198027803386,Recommended,315860,19984812,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sephone242,"Very good JRPG style game. However, my first play through was very short (7 hours). This game does have multiple main characters to play through."
,Recommended,315860,17570126,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,RWS4,"Note: My playtime looks very low because I played almost exclusively offline.In my humble opinion, there is only one drawback to this game as a whole:Even after playing 16 hours  reaching the end of the game feels more like you reached the end of Part I in a three part game.The gameplay is a phenomenal mix of simplicity and tactical decision making. The story is very intriguing and engaging, and as a whole is generally unpredictable. The characters are loveable individually and as a group, as they each have weaknesses themselves but are able to counter those of the others.This game is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, regardless of whether or not this genre is something you enjoy.I'd also like to apologize for the jumble of random thoughts this review (my first) has become."
76561197977683471,Recommended,315860,17504100,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Zardoz,"It's a good game, but a bit short. I've not hurried and 10 hours isn't much playtime. Most of the Map is still unexplored, probably for the following parts. You have to pay 3 times the amounf you think you do, if you want the whole game. I'll buy the next parts, too, but this way you're nearly paying as much as fo a AAA Game. I expected a bit more."
76561198020077363,Recommended,315860,17539171,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,GutterWeasel,"Its true, the game does go from being very easy to being challenging once you hit the level cap.  Likely it should cap your level based on chapter and there would be less walking over enemies at the start.  Although the trailer makes it seem like you make dozens of decisions you really only make a couple that seem to have no real bearing on the outcome of the game.  And once you hit a certain level before level 30 and you stop gaining abilities its kind of disappointing and feels incomplete.  There are also completely useless abilities on deforet, combat never lasts 5 rounds and by the time you have 6 stamina its usally over unless you've been defending.  That and some of the abilities dont seem to work, I swear with his regular axe and the one with beast slayer both do 900 dmg to boars.  I feel like one should do a lot more damage.  I thought the story was interesting, but short, although the climax seemed out of place based one what the characters had been saying the rest of the game.  There are of course areas you cant go to and your weapon goes from C to C+ to B and storylines left hanging because there are apparently going to be 2 sequels.  Hopefully with more abilities and balance changes.  Probably more or less what I was expecting for $10.  Has the potential to be awesome."
76561198018912607,Recommended,315860,17539380,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,msd123,Good game music is really good
76561198013308579,Recommended,315860,17478563,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kanzler,"I'm not sure why exactly I've fallen in love with this title after less than two hours. It is nostalgic where it should be and original where it should be. The art is fantastic and unique. The characters are diverse, and when tough decisions arise they pair off into unexpected coalitions that feels very realistic. I cannot help but feel like I've only played through the calm before the storm. The combat is deceptively simple and the skills are clever and enriching.This will fill the void you've felt since the late 90's.10/10."
,Recommended,315860,17516210,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Señor de las Pagodas,"Very fun indeed, I've not finished it jet with any character, but as far I'm very pleased, even though put attention: the game  places characters in hard positions (regarding morals), and there's indeed a lot of reflexion and thoughts, but there's really little choice for part of the player (as i've experienced so far), it's interesting but you don't really do any choices, the character does, and so far very straight foward, thus it is still very interesting as it reflex some problematics not usually shown in the mainstream medieval-rpg games, that gives them lots of poins."
76561197966550958,Recommended,315860,17529470,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Toxs,$10 game is worth it. A perfect mix of final fantasy and game of thrones. Was so happy steam released a non-early access game.
76561198078810724,Recommended,315860,17531788,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Roche,"Story: 8/10The story is good in a way that it clings to you pretty consistently. Unfortunately, although the story puts you in several moral choices, it ultimately does not have an effect. (Just few dialogue changes when selecting moral choices, but that's it.) If you like story-driven JRPGs, this should cling you for like 6+ hours.Characters: 7.5/10All characters have interesting backstories especially when you have chosen your main character. However, it's a hit or miss if you like their personality and the role they play in the story.Artwork: 8.0/10Don't expect this game to be the sight to see with its 2D graphics. The artwork is quite scenic and nice. Character sprites and their portraits are really cool, especially in turn-based combat.Progression (The Grind): 7/10Enemy scaling is weird. Easy at the very beginning, but it spikes randomly at like 4-5 chapters in. Grinding is not important in this game, though I feel that the developers should emphasize grinding a bit more because the skills and equipment are really good.I know they lessened the ""grind"" due to the replayability of playing different main characters. However, since there is no New-game+ option, it would seem very unappealing to most players.My personal score for this game: 8/10Simply because I like story-driven JRPGs. It's good, but not the best. If you really like story-driven JRPGs, even though it's quite pricy for a $13 game, it's worth it. If not, bust.Hope the developers can learn a bit from these reviews and make major decisions/overhauls on certain things in the next installment.Last few words:For the first game of the triology, it's a good game and you should go get it. However, if you don't believe 8/10 is a good score, wait for the second game of the triology."
76561198046168504,Recommended,315860,17538290,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,gsmithcat,Good story and characters.
76561198131666467,Recommended,315860,17515540,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Content Cop,"i've played it for a while as Isaac , the story is quite interesting, but i haven't finish it yet, now i'm playing at chapter 7 and now there's some decision making for it, i guess you guys should give it a try. the gameplay is good and oldstyle like JRPGS.well done for ekuatorgames"
76561198040643538,Recommended,315860,17529752,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,strawberryshake,"So far, the game is really pretty and I like the stamina based fights, forcing you to really think about how to spend your skills. I also find really interesting that the characters seem to have their own motivations and personalities.My only frustrations concern the lack of a mini map and perspective details, which make visiting some zones, like the first city, really awkward sometimes."
76561198084786057,Recommended,315860,17538036,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Professor Oak,"I liked this game. I don't have a lot of time to play RPGs, so the length of this one felt just right. Story and graphics were satisfying, and the combat was pretty intense.Good pacing; I never got bored or felt rushed.The soundtrack is good at setting the mood, but some of the songs really started to wear on me near the end.8/10"
,Recommended,315860,18667721,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,"Sam ""Bad Goy"" Hyde",10/10 Would not play again.
,Recommended,315860,19375817,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Talonheart,"Definitely like how they've done this game. The artstyle definitely has the feel you'd find from SaGa Frontier 2 on the PS1, having well animated sprites with a watercolor look and the music is very well done. The combat is also pretty interesting as well, having some various forms of depth due to the way certain AoE attacks work (Some are full groups, other hit in a straight row), tanking abilities to mitigate damage, but best of all... as advertised, there's no need to grind every party member. Why? The character level is, in fact, the party level. At a level up, EVERYONE benefits, and no one is left behind, allowing you to safely swing around your party line-up to suit yourself best against whatever the area throws against you.Still somewhat early in it, having only hit Ch. 3 on Lucienne, but I can definitely recommend this."
,Not Recommended,315860,35176820,Posted: 24 September,all,Kinka Tsihon,boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,315860,17480215,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dakebs,"Backed the kickstarter and bought the game just because of Suikoden, the game which made me active on Steam again. Well the wait was all worth it, I felt Suikoden in a unique way.Yet a little disappointend though, the game still needs more polishing, the character runs very slow and a reason why the games was longer in terms of play time not the actual story and game mechanics itself, the story is pretty engaging yet a little expensive if it is a Trilogy kind of game.The character sprites though, they look like a combination of Ragnarok Online and Suikoden 2 characters.8/10 but I would not recommend it, cause the characters runs really slow."
76561198091145202,Recommended,315860,17480887,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,zachdk528,"Great game. Not sure why it won't let me access the Levant, and the game claims its in a test build, but I have enjoyed it."
76561197996930042,Not Recommended,315860,23469571,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,swoopmillard,Really disappointing game. It is completely unfinished with no real point to playing. The game ends right when the story feels like it is beginning. Character development is done after the first few level ups. Just a really bad game - stay away!
,Recommended,315860,17494317,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Biksu,"so nostalgic! dat bgm n art so dope,,, pretty simple, and i like it,,,"
,Recommended,315860,17944074,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,MarriedFirstThenGraduate,"7/10#art and music is masterpiece#6 point of view, but not much difference#battle is very standard and is not so challenging#story is good, but short"
76561197971435175,Not Recommended,315860,17549950,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,c.camacho,"strategy 2/10 you always regenerate between battles just mash A to pile on the same ememy - you get to carry round 6 character only 3 of which you can fight with.... very odd and pointless!balance 1/10  monsters do 100's points of damage combated by the fact that if you grid (tedious - no strategy) you can go up many levels in a short timestory 1/10 this game needs to spend 5-10 mins doing vert frequent dialogue  with very 2d characters (and I'm not talking about the graphics!) ... very tedious, just mash A catch up in the story log - very simple story choices don't really seem to change what is a very linear storyexploration 3/10 painfully on rails - you can only go where you're told to reallygraphics 7/10 not stunning but competentclaims to be a JRPG.... obviously authored by people who just don't GROK JRPG's - not a really bad game just falls way way short of what it could be..."
,Recommended,315860,17485458,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,andryu180,"UPDATE#2: Please add a brief description to the game updates when you release one, so we can know if they concern bug fixes or if something new was implemented.UPDATE#1: Since the game is now patched and working I shell update my review, recommending this game to every rpg fan (not only jrpg fans). Story is engaging, soundtrack is awesome and the battle system is simple but satisfying  (a là Child of Light). In future updates I'd like to see implemented the possibility to run faster and new skills for the characters.ORIGINAL: The game could be really good, but there are bugs which ruin the experience. After the first chapter i had to undertake a mission alone because the party had disappeard after talking to a NPC. Now I can't adavance anymore in the story because the game forces me to take a chapter 7 mission when i just started chapter 5. There's no way around it, and enemies are too strong to proceed, everytime i try i die in 2 turns. I really enjoyed the 8 hours  i played this game but now I'm so frustrated that I can't recommend it to anyone. Of course i will update the review shoud a patch correct the issue."
,Recommended,315860,17486290,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,jetsetter09,"I liked playing through the game.Combat got a bit intense, until I figured out that DEFEND gave you more stamina.Game is a bit linear, but you ask, why are you complaining about linearity in your JRPGs? You fight through dungeons, get to point A then B. The problem was that there aren't even sidequests, but I guess the devs approached content in the game by having you play through the story at least once with each character.Game took me around 8+ hours to beat, I dunno why my gameplay time is only 5.7 hours as of writing this review. I'd like to have a NG+ system tho, since it would be easier to play through the chapters again without having to start at level 1. I actually do wanna play thru again to find out if we discover the truth behind one of the antagonists accusations at the end.Overall, I'd recommend it."
76561197990194469,Recommended,315860,17495690,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Varshyl,"Great game, can't wait for sequels.  The sprites are well-done and the quality of gameplay is solid.  The plot and characters are well-written and comparable to Game of Thrones.  I would definitely reocmmend this to any fans of classic JRPGs such as Suikoden."
76561198144633880,Not Recommended,315860,20760635,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Holden?,"This game is incredibly boring.The story is extremely linear and there are not many choices to make.The world is extremely small and cannot be explored much.Money is plentiful and worthless. Each of the six characters has about three weapons to choose from, and a few pieces of armor.The replay value is minimal, as most of the story involves all six characters anyways.There is A LOT of walking around for nothing. I understand that this game is just the first part, but even with that being said the plot leaves you feeling empty and unaffected.Combat is very basic. Hit, defend, or skill. Mana (known as stamina), regenerates when you hit and defend. Nothing new... at all.About 7h of sluggish gameplay."
76561198008844587,Not Recommended,315860,19718441,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,skinnzer,"After reading reviews, and seeing a sale, I decided to give this one a shot.It did not live to the hype, sadly.I'd like to preface the below with this:  buy it at $5 or less, $15 is a joke.While thoughtful and clever at times, the story missed the mark for all of the glaring holes, in particular, one of the characters is a functional macguffin, whenever the story requires a relevation, it falls to her.  Let's call her... Velma.Thankfully, the party is formed of intelligent characters, which shows in their converstations and the paths they draw upon.  Too bad the supporting cast of NPC's, which the story spends a good amount of time establishing as sane, falls apart in plot-driven Chaotic Stupid. Naturally, as with any morally astute story there's a moral compass, and as such she plays the child very well.  Plus she finger paints and spent most of her years high (Upon a Tree)  in the clouds with other hippies.  Let's go with Shaggy here.I liked the combat system, especially the concept of juggling aggro.  To bad that this means your healer will probably suck it all up with skills and items, like the uptown girl who plays jack of all healing trades and can't tank... I dubbed her Dauphney.Rather than buying new weapons, the game has you upgrading existing ones, while each person as enough to adapt to a particular playstyle.  Sucks that there's no real way to compromise for a middle road though, like the pragmatic-yet-idealistic soldier-woman who's equipment can't agree on giving or taking♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Madame Fred, I call thee.Of course, they've also implemented a skill system, which further allows you to customize the characters to whatever playstyle you enjoy.  It's a shame when you realize certain characters are a far superior than others, like the po' boy poster child-turned murderhobo's E-skill.  Such a lovely character, that Scooby-Doo. (Pro-tip: Just feed Isaac power and the highest dps you can, and he'll wipe an Andori... Rons... Or... ...Blue-thing a turn.)The problem with these two systems, though, is some characters clearly blur without synergy, especially towards the end, their skills and equipment make them prime for backwards strategies and I can't decide if it's intentionally clever or a natural reaction to the emplaced system(s).  Prime culprits include the loud-mouth who's character growth chart looks like a big O expression.  Rather 'Scrappy' fellow.If the above seems somewhat harsh, and you're still here, I'd like to soften a little: This game isn't bad, but it has two flaws, It's rushed, and it's not complete.  Yes I know there's supposedly more, but this isn't EA, and while well done for a group of hindi trying their hand at Western motifs and imagery it's no GoT.  (Though it's on par with Tactics...'till the end...)Yep, that final boss  soured the whole thing for me, and if you sit back and think, it probably will for you too."
,Recommended,315860,23477121,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Yurai,"Good art, diverse cast of characters and good storytelling.Better than I expected, I wish it was longer."
,Recommended,315860,17475327,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Neon Nerd,"The game is definetly your classic RPG and I love that, but there are a few bugs here and there such as seeing npcs that arent supposed to be there and a boy that teleports you while deleting all of your party besides your main character."
,Recommended,315860,17497219,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,✪αlexαndros⎞,OFMG 10/10All Ragnarok Online Fans will see some textures and sprites quite familiar  in this game !Amazing Work !
76561198062263407,Recommended,315860,21678598,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kaminari2012,A down to Earth RPG.  Just wish the story continued.
76561198029959851,Not Recommended,315860,17648982,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,unseen_83,Bad copy of Dragon age ? Lore seem to be almost same...  Story was short.. at least they should make game longer.. much longer..  but.. Graphic must be soo Expensive unable to continued on with the story(sarcastic)...  Nah don't waste your money Skip this game.. Sore Sad Copy of lore almost same as Dragon age.. with Super nintendo graphic..
76561198042219693,Recommended,315860,25868713,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,L.orD,8 / 10 :)
,Recommended,315860,32056738,Posted: 29 May,all,robintekar15,Good Game
76561197965274807,Not Recommended,315860,17520147,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sonic16,"The game may be good...well I have no idea.Main problem  is my xone controller doesnt work, witch works just fine with MeatBoy for exampleSo  1/10 for lying about the ""full controller support"""
76561198047125082,Recommended,315860,17624686,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Shaunn,ok first of all great game love it feels like an old school rpg like chrono trigger and ff13 .very good story awesome gameplay love it but with all this the game is short i mean short 7 houres to complete because its the first installment of 3 ..i would recommend it just because the story alone his awesome but dont expect to get deep gameplay its quite shallow.well support them and buy the game i say u wont be dessapointed if u like ff13 or chrono trigger but like i said dont expect too much out of the long run very short game :( but ah well i will buy the 2 and 3 installment for sure
76561198035294703,Not Recommended,315860,23969001,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PUPH3AD,welcome to generic world of generic people with generic problems... i never seen game that felt so generic and boring... if this game was made 20 years ago it could considered above average.. but as it stands its just extremely.. flat line nothing special and nothing interesting... its just there
,Not Recommended,315860,23551422,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Thielvaz Aur,Rather bland story and the dialogue is not much for celebrating. Dropped
,Not Recommended,315860,17483724,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Talross,"Those butched Ragnarok Online sprites, though.http://ro-character-simulator.ratemyserver.net/For those who aren't familiar with RO.http://imgur.com/RJFRqQSComparison."
76561198029065668,Not Recommended,315860,22244088,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dart II,Game is not complete and the features are shallow.
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,315860,23966661,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Shiva,This game is really really bad.Only redeeming quality is its character design.2/10
,Not Recommended,315860,17479999,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,(M3) EvilDustMan,"I started playing this. I picked Isaac Goldenlake as my character. In the  first five minutes you learn there are miraculous healings but only the nobility can have  them, regardless of income. If you are noble, you get free miracle cures. So Reed's mother dies because they farm out of the world's worst hovels.Fast forward a few random encounters. Fights don't seem to give XP, but you heal HP and MP(think FFTA style MP) before every  fight so it doesn't matter. Combat's not bad, it seems, but ultimately pointless, unless that changes off the prologue.We find Isaac Goldenlake having been wounded. A priest will heal him, of course. Reed, enraged, stabs him, only to find he is POOR and the ONLY SON of a SUPER SICK DYING FATHER. So he takes the place of the son of a nobleman and decides he'll change things. He goes on a boat and tries to offer the crew money but NO, COMMONERS CAN'T TAKE MONEY FROM NOBILITY, THEY MUST DO EVERYTHING FOR FREE.I submitted my refund there. Maybe some of  the other storylines are okay, but this one was so hamfisted I couldn't stand it.Let's clear some things up. 1) I am perfectly in love with down stories about the true struggle of humanity, but you can't force them through quickly like this game did in trying to set up Isaac.2) There are first five minute spoilers.3) Serfdom was a form of bondage, but it was rarely out and out slavery as came about, say, in the early Colonial South. You treated your serfs well so you could get crops back. Commoners didn't have amazing lives but they were rarely neck under bootheel slaves.4) I'd love to see some reviews about the exactly story writing of the game in depth, as all the ones so far just talk about the combat and the graphics(the graphics aren't even that great.) Does the storywriting get better? Does it make up for some of the early mistakes? Write about it."
,Not Recommended,315860,17488113,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lei,I do not recommend this game
76561198209146003,Recommended,315860,17745139,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DSP,"9/10Pros:- Buena historia y sistema de habilidades/ Good history and system of skills- Excelente musica, graficos buenos y originales, entretenido sistema de peleas/ Excellent music, great graphics and original, entertaining battle system- Buen valor de repeticion/ Good replay valorCons:- Solo 18 horas para terminarlo, muy corto para mi gusto/ Only 18 hours to finish, very short for my taste- Sin minijuegos como casinos o arenas/ No minigames like some casino or arena"
,Recommended,315860,18176758,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dr. Strangewolf,"Enjoyable simple, but very well written story that leaves you wanting to know the rest when the expansion of stories cometh."
76561198007270770,Not Recommended,315860,17559880,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Feuer der Veränderung,"At first the game isn't bad, the story is interesting, the mechanics and graphic style is solid.But there are no decissions (except 3 which don't matter), no riddles, easy combat (except 1-2).If you are interessted in the game I recommend to watch a lets play of this game.Furthermore the game is to short, yes it gives 6 characters, but they differ only in a few scenes and in the prolog.edit:The Cutscenes are good, the music in then also.I think it would had served the game if none of the characters were the main, since it make no sense to play the game twice and so the most player will never see the spezific content of 5 from the 6 main characters.For my part I learned through this game a few thing mostly how you not do a game ;)"
,Recommended,315860,17555929,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,CanzarSlime,"Isn't great or bad, it's okay. This is a great game for people new to jrpgs / turn based combat as it's not expressly easy but simple to learn tactics and lack of damage system makes simpler for newer / younger players. I found the majority of the gameplay pretty boring as a long time jrpg lover due to the lack of depth in the fighting system which looked like it had deeper potential, but wasn't overly tedious or annoying due to low level cap and small xp pool required little grinding to accomplish it's tasks which was nice. The majority of the game is doable in roughly 9 hours, probably 10 if you look up where medals are and laze your way through it for the first run. The game also teaches to newer players to the genre alot of basics for jrpgs between point management and time limited events and secrets encouraging exploring during the entire experience.Story it'self is interesting and flows along fine, but the character stories and choices dont feel to hot with the lack of them pretty much only appearing once every 2-3 chapters out of 7. Some of this could be that the game is incomplete Part 2 coming along the tracks ..etc. The characters are said to be relatively cliche'less but pretty much all of the main players kinda were, only ones i felt broke the mold a bit were Issac, Camille, and maybe Ylienne depending on how you look at her. The most interesting story after poking a save into each character is definately Issac. Also the game does have it's share to witty dialouge and humorous pokes to keep you going even on the slower scenes.The visuals were 50:50 to me, looks great and the backgrounds are nice buuut towns and prefab tiles hurt the fresh unique looks of the maps, mostly Levantine and Moncalm and don't totally match the perspective. speaking of perspective the game has an odd considering for direction, in which that the games compass directions are not relative to the camera, Game says go West, you have to head east to get there. The directions don't match the games camera perspective and can be confusing for people who don't catch onto this. The music was solid and pretty good but alot of scenes just didn't have music and there's no text scroll sound so a number of cutscenes have no sounds just text rolling which felt odd and was kinda disappointing.The game is kinda buggy but never really had any issues with it aside from the menu is unresponsive a bit sometimes and the movement glitch in Astori's house but otherwise no major issues that ruined my experience.Overall great game to start a friend of family member on the jrpg genre, but isn't likely to appeal to long time or hardcore players looking for a good PC jrpg. Some of this could be wrong in the future with the upcoming parts as this isn't the whole story but still for -this- game i stand by my opinion."
76561198012683280,Recommended,315860,17561786,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Finito,"Great short JRPG, you should enjoy this if you liked Suikoden, just don't expect too much from it, it is a low budget kickstarter game and it is part of a 3 game series, so expect some plot holes, for example, the ending felt kinda rushed and was pretty unexpected/out of character.Overall, it is pretty well made, the world building is pretty decent and the music is likable. I did find the difficulty a little low and the battle system kinda simplistic. I also think that each character should of had their own quest/goal like Saga Frontier did or like Suikoden 3 where you play different storylines and all join together further in the game. Replaying the same story with a different character isn't as appealing.I enjoyed and recommend this game, at least for one playthrough. Hopefully this game is the beginning of a great series of game."
,Recommended,315860,17563606,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ranix,"It's a little on the short side and has some rough edges, but overall manages to capture the same feeling as the psx era games it's trying to emulate."
,Recommended,315860,17588075,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,giojcamp,"Overall, it is a gret game and is well worth the price. I played Aria for my first playthrough. She is easy to play with (healer) and goes well with any party combination you want to play with.Pros:+ Music is fantastic. It sets the mood really well. Keep in mind, there is no vocal dialoge, so the music and some scattered sound effects are the only thing you'll hear.+ The game emphasizes its fantastic storyline and choice. This was the main reason I bought the game. The story is well developed and very thought provoking. However, there was a bit of a let down that I'll discuss later.+ The game looks great. Don't expect 4D 4K graphics. The game's look very much makes it seem like a story that you'd read in a book. The whole game, between the music, dialogue, and design, makes me think of an old story book that I would have read.+ The basic history lore was good. Not killer, but it gave you enough to wrap your head aroundCons:- The difficulty rises in an abrupt manner. It comes as a bit of a shock. It's not too difficult to adjust, but it was unpleasant. It comes in around the War with the World Enders.(BIGGEST CON and ONLY REAL CON, IMO) - When I say real con, I mean it was th eonly con that really detracted from my playing experience. The story is well designed, but stops very abruptly. The whole games hints towards the ending, but just as you hit the ending of the game, the game stops and feels unfinished. This may be because they plan to put out a sequel, but it made this game feel undone. A lot happened at once and I felt cheated out. The entire game spends a very long time putting each pieece of the story together, but at the end, too much happens too quickly. A lot goes unanswered too. I still have about a dozen questions that are unanswered. I don't mean the little kind either. Like major plot questions. I don't think they ended the game in the best way. It's a great story with a let down of an ending.- Character lore was weak. I feel like the game preaches the complexity of the story (which it is), but then leaves their characters pretty simple.- The game says you aren't special. You definitely are. You save the entire world. They literally say in the game, we would have lost had it not been for your party. You personally help the ""heroes"" of the game, sit in on their war meetings, and complete vital quests. This doesn't detract from the game at all, but I thought it would be worth pointing out.If you want to play a game with a well written story that makes you head think a little, then play this game. Its not your boring hack and slash RPG. Its very deep. If it had a better finish, I wouldn't really have anything to complain about."
76561198093932852,Not Recommended,315860,17591098,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,NatureYouScary,"Well the graphics arn't bad very old school sprites...Though they feel directly ripped from Ragnarok online :/Now the really disappointing aspect of this game is it's length. It is apparently going to be sold as ""chapters"" with other standalone games...This ""chapter"" took me 4 hrs to beat including a lot of back tracking and just grinding for fun...Honestly for it's price that is way too short, even with 6 different characters you can choose from for ""replay value"" because every character basicaly plays the same story. If they release the next chapters for free if you purchase the original game, or at a highly reduced price it would be one thing...10 bucks per 4 hr RPG is just a nope, no thanks."
76561198020012513,Recommended,315860,17592866,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ssenkojin,"Overall I enjoyed the game. I think it is good rather than great.  The game itself was nicely executed, and the fact it was hand-drawn definitely increased my enjoyment, as that is a labor of love rarely seen these days. Each of the six playable characters had a unique back-story and  personality. The combat system was fluid and fast paced. The controls and movement were seamless and responsive - I was pleasantly surprised I could navigate with the keyboard, another rarity I have found with isometric games.  The story was fairly contrived - an army invades the Old North, and the Heroes gather to protect the realm.  There were a few plot twists which surprised me, however. Even the twists, though, felt somehow unfinished, as if the game is a prequel or an installment of a larger idea. The ending feels that way as well, as though there is something waiting just beyond the next scene. The actual end itself, for the character I played (Ylianne) offered no resolution of any kind. While the combat was good, much of the game was slow. I retraced my steps quite  few times running errands/quests/missions. I kept feeling like like I was waiting for something to happen, but that something never materialized. Although I finished the game at level 27, I maxed out all the characters skills at level 20. There were few weapon upgrades and fewer armor upgrades. The apparel items were likewise sparse.  I was a little frustrated when I cleared out an area of monsters, but when I travelled back through that area they had all re-spawned. I understand this in relation to the game mechanics, but, again, it slowed down the gameplay a little.Overall, I enjoyed the game. The hand-drawn art is terrific, expecially the character and NPC portraits. The unique personalities of the playable characters highlighted some interesting sociological ideas, especially in regarding the concept of ""Noblesse Oblige"",  the role of individuals in [Feudal] society and the nature of religion as a social, as well as spiritual, institution. The combat was smooth and the characters possessed different abilities depending on their favored weapon and class. The few plot twists were interesting, but could have been more fleshed out, as could have the story in general. Again, it often felt like a prequel, prologue or installment of a larger game/world concept."
76561198078028703,Recommended,315860,17668154,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,CARRY-PERRY,"Not a bad game. Very close too original JRPG series (STRAIGHT FORWARD) this is good and also bad. No subquests (I heard something about strange hunt but... whatever) , I beat the game in 10 hours without any hints and guides, and I was pretty sad, that it end's so soon. Speaking of gameplay- its fantastic. I really love it.Waiting for the new JRPG"
76561198142733754,Recommended,315860,17604073,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,cameron.wheatley,"I'm enjoying this game very much so far and haven't had any trouble following the storyline from Ylianne's point of view, which is a bit more elfy than the other storylines i'm sure. I do recommend it though, it's intriguing and the controls are very easy with a controller! easy to learn and play, i love the turnbased concept of battle too.... I can't wait to play through more!"
76561198021089934,Recommended,315860,17608070,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,HonestAbe2255,Extremely short
76561198111269514,Recommended,315860,17617061,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,gamr70,"Celestian Tales: Old North. Clocking in for me at seven hours for one run, honestly, I think it's a great little game, especially if you can get it when it's on sale.Is the combat simplistic? Yes. But that's not necesarily a bad thing. At the end it proves to be much more reasonably challenging and ejoyable, though the first five chapters are pretty much just basic attacking until they die.The sprite work and art work in general was great. I honestly enojyed looking at the character models when battling and in cut scenes, very well done.The characters themselves are fairly enjoyable, particularly Yli shining with her stark simplicity and innocent contrast to the rest of the group. I do complain though, that there really is no need to ever swap out party members. Find three early on that you like and you're solid for the first chapters, with only needing possible adjustments at the end where you will need a consistent tank, dps, and heal.As far as the story, it's pretty much what you'd expect, but pick up right at the end with a cliffhanger-ish ending that closes the game well, but leaves the sequels open to a lot of possibility.Overall, if you're looking for a casual RPG, this is likely the one for you.(And even if you hate it, gotta love that steam refund)."
76561198047236332,Recommended,315860,20341638,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,draculabakula,"This first installment of three feels incomplete even at $13. The game offers 6 seperate main characters but the differences in gameplay and story are negligible at this point. I honestly can't decide whether or no I should recommend the game with only the first available....I will give a thumbs up because I want to see where the game goes. I can't say I wasn't dissappointed by this first installment because the game ended just as it was getting interesting. The game took me 8 hours and I would say about a third of it was filler. There are many portions of the game where you are sent on a mission and nothing really comes of it. Without spoiling anything, you are sent to check a mysterious figures house for anything of interest only to find that there is nothing there. This took up 20-30 minutes of the 8 hours.Like I mnetioned, I will give this a thumbs up because I appriciate the effort and recognize that I am interested in seeing where the story goes. I am optimistic about the next installment."
,Not Recommended,315860,20244080,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Caddelin,"Firts of all, let's take a look at the description of the game by the developer: ""Celestian Tales: Old North is a refreshing take on the classic turn-based Japanese style RPG, where your decisions in its dark and gritty storyline shape the world of tomorrow."" Naturally, such a description begs the question of what kind of decisions you can make during the game, how they affect the world, and implies at least some degree of freedom of choice to the player. Alas, that is not true. Firts of all, the game is extremely linear. Even though it suggests that you see the ""end"" of each character, there is little difference to the story except the prologue and epilogue of each characters, while the game play exactly the same, save for some very rare situations where you are given the opportunity to make some trivial choice (out of two possibilites, always). So, bascially, they expect you to play the same game six times just to have some minutes of different dialogues during the entire experience. The game simply doesnt have this replay value.The game is made using unity but it accomplishes little more than well polished Rpg Maker games deliver. The sound track is good, but does not justify the game. the battles are very easy and simple, requiring little to none strategy at all. The enemies are no more than a handufl constantly repeating and respawning. The dialogues are poor, the characters are bidimensional, and the plot is weak and full of loopholes  at best. Unfortunately, it simply doesn't deliver an experience that many rpg maker games provide you, for free most of the time."
76561198050024852,Recommended,315860,27651769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Faylinn Lily Rose,"So I played through the game as Ylianne because I like archery, and I like elves as well, she also seemed pretty cute, and I must say that I was not disappointed, she quickly became my favourite character because of her cutesy personality and her empathy towards nature, which considering her elven heritage makes sense.  I did not have any pre-existing expectations on this game, I just thought it seemed pretty interesting and dove right in, and the game proved to be quite interesting, I was amused by how some of the others of noble birth reacted to the menial tasks that the common people usually deal with.  Besides Yli, the other characters that I really liked were Camille and Isaac, they seemed the most level headed of the group, Lucienne wasn't bad either but Reynard was pretty annoying, muscle headed idiot... Aria though, definitely the most annoying, hate those super devout preaching types, she's only good for the heals but not really necessary as Yli can also help her allies to heal and the more useful characters like Lucienne can also heal themselves.The story didn't feel as fulfilling as I hoped, but it's only the first installment in a trilogy, I'm hoping that I can visit the other places on the map later on and see the consequences of any of my actions, like possibly miffing off that one little noble twerp...  All in all though a pretty decent game, and one I'd recommend to anyone who is not super fussy about rpgs and the like."
76561197964009610,Recommended,315860,32185554,Posted: 4 June,all,Makkenhoff,"Played, replayed, almost 20 hours, still thinking about replaying. Reminded me of Suikoden if it was made by a small team. I wish I could get Konami to reinvest in the US market on Suikoden - but in the meantime - this is pretty enjoyable, if not exactly what I hoped for. It is not exactly a long game, nor is it perfect, but if you wish you had more Suikoden, you might as well support people who are trying to fill the gap. That's just my take."
,Recommended,315860,28700303,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,godrik,"I play about 1 JRPG every 3 year to avoid the overload of ""save the world"" stories. I paid the game about 5 bucks, and clearly I got my money worth. Is it the best JRPG out there? No! But it is entertaining.Story:This is the first part of a 3 part story. The story is not bad but not great, fairly classic really. I was enjoying it up to the end but the last act made little sense to me. There are 6 characteres with a different twist on the story, I may replay the game in easy with the other characters just to get the rest of the story.Though I really liked how the story unfolds. In particular, I enjoyed that because you could play any of the 6 characters, the story unfolds with a form of group dynamic rather than a ""leader+whoever has a useful/funny line"" way. Though it tends to make dialogue phases quite long because each character adds his/her grain of salt.I liked that the story tries to take a modern look on questions of race, religion, and class to make the player think backabout it. It is never too forced on the player, but the game manages to say what it has to say. Some might say it has a SJW feel, but Ithink it is fairly reasonnably approached, so I was fine with it.Graphics:The game is well drawn. I really enjoyed the high quality 2d graphics. It is a bit pixelly and I feel vector graphics would have been better, but the graphics are still really enjoyable.Music:Most are forgettable, but some good pieces.Gameplay:I think the gameplay is a better point of the game. In particular I liked that your HP/MP (here stamina) reset at each fight, so you never have to heal between fight or micro manage MP. It tends to make you play each fight like the last fight. There are enough effects, combos to keep you entertained. I liked that no weapon is useless, as  they can all be upgraded and lead to different build of your team.It would have been good to give the player a bit more details about the game mechanics, how important is it to get +1 in an attribute, or how are damage of bleeding calculated, that kind of things.Length:depends on whether you care about the story or not. But reading most of the text, it took me about 7 hours to get to the final boss, and about 3 hours to beat it. So I would say, you will beat the game between 5 and 10 hours. You can replay the gameto see more dialogue, but that is more a gimmick to extend the life of the game than anything else.Final comment:I payed 5 bucks for the game, and it kept me entertained and thinking about it for a couple of days. It is not a bad investment. I bought the prequel DLC, and will probably buy the second and third part once they are released.The difficulty curve is a bit strange, but I liked that you can change the difficulty setting during the game. I upped the difficulty mid game becasue the lowest difficulty was really too simple. I may rerun the game in higher difficulty."
76561198056682679,Recommended,315860,23559400,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rene.perron,End really REALLY fast and weird... like the story just done and there should be much more to it then that... game play simple ok overall game but expect the story to finish all of a sudden on you leaving you with more question then anything else
76561198050270250,Recommended,315860,23462577,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,yonyonyon,"Pros:- Delicious conflicts. The story starts at the conflict without diluting it with unnecessary details. The problems seem to be more personal, as it's said in the synopsis there are no prophecies, no chosen ones, and no world ending catastrophe.- Solid worldbuilding. I'm a sucker for this kind of worldbuilding.- Nice characterization. All characters have distinct appearances and personalities.- 6 main characters. Like, yo!- Interesting story. With delicious conflicts and nice characters it has to have an interesting story.- Simple but fun battle mechanics.- Beautiful visuals and music.- Overal fun experience.Cons:- It's short and ends abruptly, leaving lots of loose ends. I guess it's alright since there will be more games in the series, but I didn't know that at the time and was mildly disappointed. Well, gotta read the synopsis better next time.- Lack of character development. Again, maybe it's because it's the beginning of the series. But characters didn't change much, and while working with each other pretty well they lacked some depth in relationships. Devs, please add more personal events, group dynamics are fun to watch.- No map. Please add a map. I got lost way too often, especially in the beginning.- The choices seem to be an illusion. It's a minor complaint, but for a game that advertises itself as a game with lots of moral confrontations it was slightly disappointing. Again, maybe it's because it's the first game of the series.What I wish it had:- Romance options. I'm a sucker for romance options.Overall I enjoyed the game very much. I've come here for the story and it was good. Will wait for the next installments because I NEED to know why Severin did what he did."
,Recommended,315860,23594740,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arstgratia,"I know it's hard to brew a game into something awesome that people can play.To be honest, the tilesets are great! Also the overall graphic design! Drawn carefully and is artistically great. But you can do more than that! And the musical score, you can do more by creating emotional dynamics at a specific BGM, like at the wood theme (I think the BGM is too short and the looping didn't smooth enough)But I enjoy the overall story and emotions through the game. 8 out of 10Keep the good work!"
,Recommended,315860,24345262,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,The_Emerald_Turtle,"At first, I didn't know what to make of this game, but after getting a few minutes into it I fell in love with both the characters and the story, the graphics are not the best in the modern sense but if you are into retro style this is a game for you"
,Recommended,315860,32292206,Posted: 9 June,all,TheUberElite,This is for what it's worth a simple and short RPG. I took me around 10ish hours to beat and that was fighting all the encounters you can run into without grinding. The sound track was pretty good and the sprite work was nice to look at. There was one glitch like near the end game I ran into after losing to a boss but nothing that ruins any game experience. Is this the next FF 6? No. But if you have 10 hours to spare (or more since there are some slight differences in story lines for all 6 protagonists if you wanted to replay the story) then this game might be worth checking out. I'd give this game like a solid 6/10.
76561198325919733,Recommended,315860,32461614,Posted: 15 June,all,creggh,"Overall a really fun game that is reminiscent of old-school rpgs. Only downside I've found so far is the cutscenes can be a bit annoying, especially from one of the characters. But then again, what turn-based rpg doesn't have an annoying character or two? Still an enjoyable game to relax and play."
,Not Recommended,315860,35463254,Posted: 3 October,all,Guntario,"I put about 10 hours into this... even though Steam says I put in almost 90. But my impressions on this game are that it is very mediocre.Pros- RPG- Detailed story- Lots of areas to explore- Turn based (Final Fantasy Like) Combat- 6 characters to work withCons- One dimensional characters- No maps except for a world map- A lot of the things written in the log are useless in helping advance the story line- Having six characters seems worthless since I chose the best three and have never had to change them out since or found any reason to.On the surface, you can tell that a lot of work went into the dialogue, but it seems wasted in writing for one-dimensional characters and battles that don't utilize the abundance of characters. I can't say where the developers went wrong, but I think they had bigger ambitions than they were able to deliver on."
76561198079482473,Recommended,315860,35464989,Posted: 4 October,all,sarah_yt,"While it is a short game, I really enjoyed it. Love the music especially :)The battle system is refreshing in that the characters don't go through a silly number of level ups as is often the case in RPGs.Looking forward to playing the next in the series."
