user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,316160,16806209,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ItalianBungaBunga,"TL:DR Probably the worst game in the series so far, only for fans of the series.For starters, let's fix the low framerate and the sound glitching:Go to the game's properties in the Steam client: disable the Steam overlay(1), click on ""Set launch options"", put-compat-onand confirm(2,3).Open\Steam\steamapps\common\Broken Sword 4\system\custom.iniin a text editor and look for this line:m_uiUseExtraProcessors = 0Change 0 to 1 and save(4);Open\Steam\steamapps\common\Broken Sword 4\system\compat.iniin a text editor and look for these lines:m_bDSoundLocDeferOnandm_bDSoundLocForceSoftwareOnChange the first line's value to 0, the second to 1 and save(5).This should be enough to make the game more enjoyable.Now, about the game. This fourth chapter really felt rushed. Some characters felt rushed(I can't complain about Mark and Archie though, I liked'em).THE ENDINGfelt like someone was really in a hurry, the ""I left the stove on"" kind of hurry. The story starts a bit slow, it catches up in the middle and drops like a sack of potatoes at the end.Look at the maps: NY, Istanbul, Rome. They all have at least 4/5 location shapes each, but you'll visit only 2/3 per map. It's like some locations were scrapped because of time/budget constraints and they didn't bother to change the maps design. You can't even skip dialogues.Controls are meh, you'll get stuck often when running. Do yourself a favour and remap the directional keys to WASD.This game could have been better D:"
,Not Recommended,316160,28387537,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Faudraline,"This is the fourth game in Broken Sword series and... uhm... Oh, for god’s sake! No. Just no. Plain and simple. This game isn't worthy of the Broken Sword name. What have you done to the beloved franchise??? Sorry for blurting my frustration out butBroken Sword 4 - the Angel of Deathis a complete disappointment for any fan of the series, and would be most certainly a wrong choice to introduce someone to it. I'll try to be very brief about what's been done in this game and why it just didn't fit with the rest of the series, neither with tone nor with the gameplay. Oh, and there is one thing that I've never dreamt of telling about a Broken Sword game to begin with: the scenario is bad!After the events of thethe Sleeping Dragon, George is back in New York and running a bail bonds office with his partner Virgil. Aside constant indigence due to the lack of decent clients, life has been quiet for Mr. Stobbart... that is until an attractive blonde named Anna Maria shows up on his door step, asking for help about another manuscript! That is the moment the Italian mafia takes a hit on George's shop, leaving the place wrecked and Virgil pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ From that point onwards, George is yet again sucked into another adventure ""vaguely"" involving Templar lore. Ready for the Ark of Ashdod? Because that was one Christian legend not trifled by the series. They must have thought ""Hey, we didn't include the Arc on any previous games. Wanna arrange an appearance for that?"" and the response was this, I guess ""Sure, let's make it Indiana Jones style with church thrown in as bad guys!""Don't get me wrong, I'm not even Christian and I wouldn't be offended on religious matters to begin with. This is fiction. But the lore is so mismatched, the story gives you a headache in its short lived lifespan. Okay, here is the start of my actual complaints, so if you intend to play this game for the sake of completion, and would like to avoid spoilers, skip the rest of this paragraph. It is already customary to Broken Sword games to include interconnection for obscure political/religious groups but it's been done elaborately until now. Here, we have the mafia and the Vatican as core power players - and Mafia are the good guys! And there will be no decent explanation to the heartfelt (!) sacrifices (!!!) they've been doing to protect humankind! Weird, huh? Add to this already weird display the Arc of Ashdod, a scientist obsessed with monatomic gold, nuns working at a wafer factory and Turkish secret service. Frustrated yet? And surprise, there is no satisfying story explanation when you come to end. Just a bunch of needless NPC deaths and sacrifices, added with every good natured side character showing up in the catacombs of Vatican (???) to help our characters. That is plain lousy writing.Another major disappointment is that we have a new protagonist to accompany George instead of Nico: Anna Maria. You heard it right. Nico isn't a protagonist in this story. She's been replaced by an Italian blond whose loyalty will be the primary concern of debate for the remainder of the whole game. Nico herself won't be appearing till way past the middle of the game to share some snarky remarks to display cheap jealousy, take under a brief and mostly irrelevant adventure in Arizona to “help” George investigate, and play the part of a damsel in distress by the ending. That's it. Nico is not relevant in this game. That is one tradition broken alright with much frustration attached to it. It was a decent idea to present some competition for Nico as a romantic interest, but this is badly done. Anna Maria is shallow and needy until the end of the game, and there, she serves as a traumatizing element for George. That's all.Yes, I said traumatizing. Yes, in a Broken Sword game. The tone of the game is very slow pacing and somewhat dark compared to previous installations. It's as if there was a shortage of decent humor in the department when people were writing the script. It's always dark and moody, starting with the opening cinematic. That's specifically why this shouldn't be called a Broken Sword game. Even everything else were to fail, you could always count on humor in Broken Sword series. It seems not anymore. Whatever your take for this whole mess would be though, it will come to an end soon. The whole game consists of 4 places: New York, Istanbul, Arizona and Rome. Yup, that's it, and every story arc is so badly rushed you understand not a thing aside that there was an Arc and evil church was trying to assemble it.The game already continues the 3D style of the 3rd game, but the art style made a fast transition from cartoony to robotic realism. Sure, layering seem decent and it is a fitting art choice for the already moody undertone but I wish characters would attainsomefacial expressions. There is no feeling left. They look clucky, they move clunky and they mostly seem like everyone is badly constipated. The gameplay is a hybrid between WASD controls and mouse, and it mostly doesn't work properly - especially on time bound game sequences. Cameras are as hellish as the third game too.Let's talk puzzles btw. Now, gameplay logic is somewhat inferior and obscure, sure. This is not unheard of from adventure games anyhow. But some puzzles are not only ill-prepared and time consuming, some are plain irrelevant to common sense. There is a scene that George is tied down at the back of an Italian massage parlor and has to escape, for example. Now that was some enforced ACME logic if I've ever seen some! One positive thing that can be said is that hacking puzzles are a decent addition and they are somewhat fun.At the end of the day, you'll play this game to say that you've played it if you are a Broken Sword fan anyhow. You'll get annoyed, you'll curse, you'll be fed up half way through but you'll play. If you are not though, spare yourself some pain and just find something better to do.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,316160,20688995,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Pointnclickster,"When I saw that this game received mixed reviews, I still kept my hopes high. After all, Broken Sword 3 got mixed reviews, and I enjoyed it, despite being trampled by boxes ;).  Then I played it. I will say this: I'm glad I played it. I'm a Broken Sword fan; therefore, I must play the whole series. If you are a Broken Sword fan, you probably should play it. It doesn't get everything wrong, it just doesn't get enough right. I feel that Broken Sword 3 was much stronger in terms of story and graphics. Anyhow, lets get to the positives of this game before I load you with the negatives.First of all, the characters are still great. George Stobbart is still wonderful. We have the same voice actor, and his delivery is great. We get to see some ""guest star"" characters from previous Broken Sword games, which I always enjoy. There are a few new characters that are amusing, and well done all around. Also (slight spoiler, but good grief she's on the cover), we have a new heroine! Her name Anna Marie and I personally wish she wasn't there because Nico Collard is the best. However, she is there, and she does a good job at keeping you guessing about character loyalties, overrall game plot, etc. I love the sountrack. There are portions that sound like the regular Broken Sword standard soundtrack (which is great), and then there are the special portions. There is a stage in the game where Nico is in Phoenix, Arizona. Yeah...more on that later. While she is there, there is a great guitar soundtrack that really enhances the atmosphere. There is a spy soundtrack in a section where George is doing a covert operation. Very cool. Also, the controls are much better. I didn't like how BS3 only used the keyboard. Here, you use both mouse and keyboard, pointing where you want to go or look at with mouse and hold control to run. So the positives are the characters, the music, and the script. Now the negatives.First of all, the story is horrible. For me, it boarders on heresy. In each BS game, we are dealing with an ancient artifact or technology that will bring about the end of the world. This time around, the ancient artifact is The Ark of the Covenant. Now, if your mind jumped to Indiana Jones and Raiders of the Lost Ark...you would be on the right track. (Spoiler!) (Spoiler!) George Stobbart is our Indiana Jones, the ""good guys"" are the Mafia, and the Nazis are played by...high officials in The Catholic Church. Nico Collard and Anna Marie take turns being Marion.  If this plot doesn't sound absurd, I don't know what does.High officials in the Catholic Church want to use the Ark of the Covenant and capture either Anna Marie or Nico to use their body as a sacrifice and/or vessel for the Angel of Death to inhabit, so said angel can destroy all those that don't believe in the one true faith.  Horrible isn't it? The game really doesn't look finished either. There are instances where you look on a large area map, and there are indentations in the map that make you think that you will go to said place once the story opens up to that area. Some of the places show up, and some don't. Seriously, the look and feel of this game is like Nico's hair: messy and unfinished. The ending is incredibly rushed and depressing. The ending sequence throws logic out the window, since all the characters you helped in the game somehow find the secret entrance and come to your aid, and it's never explained how. Apparently its easy to find the secret chambers in the Vatican. You know how you had so many places to visit in the first three games, not to mention hidden temples and stuff? Even in Broken Sword 3? Well, here you get to start in NY, go to Syria, then Phoenix, Arizona, then lastly, a small section of Rome including supposed hidden offices of The Vatican. Thats it. Four. There are no cut scenes. The game just puts widescreen bars into view, which lets you know this is a cut scene, with no change in graphics. I'm not a stickler on graphics, but they should be at least on par with the previous 3D title. This takes a step backwards. Now the character gripe. While Anna Marie is not a pointless character, Broken Sword has always been about George and Nico. Nico doesn't show up till halfway through the game. She is a side character in her own game series, which ticks me off. I'm sorry if the negatives seem to be disjointed. To sum it up: The story is ridiculous, the game looks unfinished and ends rather sadly (trust me when I say that it was not necessary).So should you buy it? If you are a BS fan, I think you should still play it. If the storyline strikes you with  the ""its so bad its funny"" vibe, or if you don't think it a ridiculous premice, then you should play it. The script works well within the plot. For all my complaints, I'm glad I played it. It would have annoyed me if I hadn't. Also, I got this game on sale. Knowing what I know now, I'm really glad I did. This is definitely the weakest game in the series. I hope for a better time with Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse."
,Recommended,316160,12793932,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Avelia,"I have completed this game already so ignore my play time. Great game, interesting story. The controlls are a little bit irritating but I think they did a good job following on from number 3 and continuing broken sword in 3D. In fact I think this one is better then number 3. The game throws your straight into the action and keeps up a good thrilling pace throughout. The only frustration I have is that the mouse does not always indicate a spot you can interact with, like a lader. Also without a tutorial some people can become confused about all the actions you can perform and get stuck, for instance right clicking and selecting a certain action to be able to proceed. However, once you have got used to these small issues the game is a very rewarding experience and another great chapter in the broken sword series. The voice acting is as always top notch. I highly recommend this game."
76561198034029393,Recommended,316160,17084243,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,cherniyalpinist,"This game seems to be receiving a lot of hate.Is it well deserved? Well... yes... and no.This is definitely the worst of all series. But it is still quite interesting and atmospheric.The one thing, that massively lets thie game down is its puzzles. You would think, that difficult puzzles in a game, dedicated to puzzle-solving is a good thing. And you would be 100% right.But in this game, puzzles can be hard to slove not due to their intended complexity, but due to them being illogical, due to the unclear goals that should be achieved, lack of information or downright stupidity.Sometimes the most unobvious actions need to be completed, to progress with the story. Like showing one guy an object, which you found much earlier in the game and which has no connection whatsoever to this particular guy - not even a hint that it should be shown to anyone. And this is just one example of many - I could go on all night, but don't want to post spoilers.Let's just say, that in previous three games, I got hopelesly stuck and needed to use walkthrough only once. That's ONCE in THREE games. In this game, I am about half way through and already had to google the solutions to quests about 5 times. And they not even difficult quests - just one tiny extra bit of information would make them fun and enjoyable to solve. But the game does not give you this info and you're getting stuck - going back and forth between locations, talking to everyone, clicking on everything and getting p****d off - because you still can't find the solution.Also - the game feels unfinished and/or unpolished. There are random locations on the map, that you never able to unlock and travel to and random objects in the world, that are there for no reason. They don't give you info, they don't help you solve puzzles, they not even there for laughs (like some objects in previous titles) - they are just there, so your protagonist can approach... let's say - book on a table, and say in loud monotonous voice - ""It's the book""... Wow - thanks, Captain Obvious! I would have never guessed, if you had not told me... So yeah - in comparison to other titles in the series, this game sucks harder, than any German actress I've ever seen.Why do I still recommend it then? Well - because it's the Broken Sword game and I am a bit of a fan.Also because:- The atmosphere is still there. Alike Broken Sword 3 - it's in 3D, so world does feel a bit empty, but somehow it still manages to be quite charming.- George, Nico and some of the old characters return, bringing back the memories.- The usual dark/ridiculous sence of humour is still there.- Story isn't that bad.- Those quests that have any logic to them are still quite interesting to solve.That about sums it up.So... In general, the verdict is as follows:If you are fan of the Broken Sword, then by all means get this game for your collection (wait for sale). And if you are not, you are much better off playing the first two games, becoming a fan and only then getting Broken Swords 3 and 4 (wait for big sale).It's not bad a deal if you're following the story from the beginning and spend 2-3 bucks on this one."
,Recommended,316160,13666649,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mithras O_+,"Broken sword 4, and yes like the third one we're in 3D.The graphics are alright, nothing fancy but they get the job done.The voice acting is ok.It has some of the moments that honor the broken sword series but not many.Lots of puzzles.Now for cons....The voice sync is poor.The characters show very little body language which seems odd at times.The story is lacking and so is the action to be fair.Not much humor compared to the other games in the series. (very weird for a broken sword game)There are parts in the game that just do not make sense...And to be honest the game just seems really dull...I am not sure but it feels rushed?  I'd have to say this is probaly the worst out of the series and if i was not a broken sword fan (which i am) i probaly would have not bought it.5/10For loyal broken sword fans who cant turn down one of their games no matter how boring it may be.P.s I hear there is no link with this game and the 5th in the series so I guess you could just skip it...wouldn't be missing much XD"
76561198089052394,Recommended,316160,24235539,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Broken Sword 4 - The Angel Of Death		*6/10George Stobbart is back, but not of his will. Troubles always look for him anytime, anywhere.George is working as Lawyer again in his own office... With lack of clients. A girl called Anna Maria will come in his office seeking for his help as she's found a manuscript that might lead to a treasure and she's being followed by some thugs. And the moment those thugs break into the office our adventure begins.The previous chapter has kind of changed into a thrid person puzzle as the mouse was not used and a 3d engine was introduced, but this chapter reintegrate the use of mouse pointer both for movement and inventory/dialogue options. You can still move with keyboard and maybe it's more comfortable in some ""platform"" situations. And in those same situations mouse might not be optimized as it should because some hot zones, as ledges you might want to grab onto, are not adequately covered as they should.Some riddles and puzzles are interesting and tough, I personally love the sections of ""hacking"" where you have to direct a beam from a point to another by deviating its trajectory with a determined number of elements and at the same time avoiding other elements. Other puzzles might be not so logical as it may look forcing some sessions of trial and error without any idea of what you're doing.While some characters are well defined or just ok, many others are kind of... caricatures which after a while might result being funny... In some cases.The engine is again 3d, and this time looks smoother and more realistic than the cartoon-style engine from the previous chapter, and, honestly, I appreciate this news.+++PROs+++MOUSE.This chapter uses a hybrid control system by reintegrating the classic mouse pointer together with the Movement commands used in Broken Sword 3. Even though I didn't hate at all the previous system, I liked the integration and I adapted without any trouble.MORE MODERN COMPATIBILITY.Unlike its predecessor this chapter works fine with modern systems, so no windowed modes, no graphic settings to be forced, Steam Overlay perfectly working.---CONs---NOT SO MUCH MODERN COMPATIBILITY.I am told there are a lot of issues due to the game code which was never meant to be played on x64 environments. I've never had any problem, and I've played without any trouble at all just ""out of the box"". One day it suddenly showed those symptoms but I've never been able to solve them with any of the advices listed in the Steam community. A month later I solved it by updating my Nvidia drivers, and seems like that was the cause: before any issue showed up I've updated my video drivers. So be careful when you play BS4 as there may be some issues, so if you can play smoothly without any problem try not to change anything at all in your system and finish the game as soon as you can.HASTY.I have had the impression that while the general story is well planned some scenes are quite approximate and vague not to mention the conclusion with a growing climax, a shocking scene. Credits. No consequences, no reactions. Very hasty and disappointing."
76561198031994154,Not Recommended,316160,32126749,Posted: 2 June,all,vegard,"The first two games were pure PnC adventuregames, perfect for enjoying on a laptop. The third one was specialiced for consoles, certainly an unpopular move among the fans, but still very enjoyable with proper equipment. So what do you do next? Well, obviously you befuddle the control interface in a way that makes it absolutely unplayable on a console, and trash the gameplay so it is horrible on the laptop as well.Graphics are also poor, much worse than the predecessors. Fortunately the story, writing and voiceacting is still stellar, but it is very hard to enjoy a game while gritting your teeth over the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,316160,33137237,Posted: 2 July,all,RuiG_87,"Broken Sword: The Angel of Death is the prime example of how to not do a Broken Sword game.The gameplay is cluncky and a complete frustration to control at times, where the previous game used a control scheme for gaming consoles but still made it work somehow this one failed miserably, making it frustrating to play regardless of you using the keyboard or mouse when controling your character.The facial animations are downright creepy and hilarious, and in my playthrough I came across multiple instances where the player character's left leg would twist into weird positions.Like many old Point and Click Adventure games sometimes there isn't a lot of direction on what you have to do, with you having to play the ""guess what the developer has in mind"" game in order to progress. The inventory is a complete mess with it being presented as a line at the top of the screen that you scroll through and with the game not clearing out items you will never need again it will end up being a convoluted mess. In my playthrough I also came across a bug that made the game unbeatable, this bug taking the form of a key item that somehow vanished from my inventory and I do remember having that item at some point during the game.The story is very in style with the Broken Sword series and one of the few good aspects of the game however, the ending comes pretty abruptly without giving the game an epilogue to the events. The voice acting for the most part is pretty good as well, sometimes the dialogue comes off as being a bit cheesy but works well within the Broken Sword series.In the end I could only recommend this game to anyone only and only if they are die hard fans of the franchise, and even then I would caution them to only play it if they can't fathom skipping a game in the series. For every one else, stay away! This game is not worth your time, I am sure there are countless other games you would rather be playing."
76561198030074047,Not Recommended,316160,16751407,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Leonam,"Look...I'm a Broken Sword series fan!! The first 3 episodes before this one are ok, but this one is really crap. 3D and point & click its a bad combination and yet they make this combination a lot worse!!! You cant skip scenes, visual its terrible and if its already bad find some spots in 2D point & click games in this one is a pain in the a**. Dont waste your time and money on this game!!! =("
,Not Recommended,316160,31678059,Posted: 10 May,all,Nookmorrigan,"While playing this game, it got glitchy around the Hotel in New York and when I went to uninstall it to re-install it, the game will start crashing on me none stop no matter how many times I re-install it. I ended up buying it again off of GOG just to get the game to run right."
,Not Recommended,316160,35492845,Posted: 5 October,all,Prince of Persia,Unplayable
,Not Recommended,316160,29196520,Posted: 11 January,all,SecretDeity,"Good story, extremely bad gameplay. BS 4 may be made in 3D mode, like BS 3, but the 2 games are totally different. BS 3 provides more help to the player finding / using the controls / actions you need to progress in the game. In this game, you only get to know 50% of the controls. The rest you need to figure out yourself. The animations are bad created, ending up being glitchy sometimes (also affecting specific game sounds, like the bone crusher machine). The FPS of the game is not stable, unlike BS 3 (at least for me). Finally there were many times throughout the game i didn't knew what i had to do, or how to do it. Just as BS 3, this game also does not offer the player hints, however it does offer just 1 ""help"". Every time you save your game and you check the load game screen, you can see your objective of the point you saved (that's the only hint you will ever get).Having played the series from BS 1 up to 4 so far, i would say BS 4 is easily the worst in the series. Having only a good story cannot make a game great. Furthermore, someone  who has not played any of the Broken Sword series before, will find it very very difficult to play, solve and enjoy this game. Buy it only if you buy the whole bundle with all ""episodes"" included. Seperately, i wouldn't waste money on this.5/10"
76561198064343093,Not Recommended,316160,33645700,Posted: 18 July,all,Skulldogx♘,"Not really that enjoyble to play. Story not that intersting, jokes are not funny ( some are),  character personally/development can be bland. Only play it if you really majorly into the game serise but overall skip it if you can. I found the The Sleeping Dragon to be better then this game."
,Not Recommended,316160,33312838,Posted: 6 July,all,cutehootie,"Worst BS ever!!!After two hours playing I had to force myself to go on. In the end, I gave up. Why waste my time with a game I can*t seem to find interest in? I am a hardcore fan of the Broken Sword Series, its part of my childhood, but even I can*t pull trough that crap. I doubt any other fan could do it.Some dialogues were super annoying and worth constant eye-rolling and teeth critting when I*m pretty sure the creators have considered it funny. Spoiler it*s not. Facial expressions were weird.the angel of death is one huge dissappoinment in the awesome broken sword franchise."
,Not Recommended,316160,24622008,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Moonmadness,"Want endless platform/stealth/puzzle sections, RE camera angles, horribad story writing and hilariously lifeless facial expressions? You'll have it. Want a point 'n click? Hmmm... maybe next time.Definitely stay away from this one."
76561198030458873,Recommended,316160,14994572,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,lcaliari,"This episode of the saga follows the previous one.Great game and the control are better in this one than in the number 3 (not perfect but better)It's also hard to find the right interactions to do between objects... but ok, after a little bit training you understand how it works.Concerning the puzzles in the game: it's not what I expected. Too ""easy""... or maybe ""deja vu"". Too bad."
76561198017180964,Not Recommended,316160,33413800,Posted: 9 July,all,Sherlock Homie,"NEVER EVER BUY THIS PIECE OF SHET, BULLSHET, THE WORST GAME OF THE SERIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198037067785,Recommended,316160,13594351,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Eddie the Head,"I don't know why there aren't any reviews for this game, but don't let that fool you. If you are a Broken Sword fan, you should definitely try this one, especially if you liked BS3.Graphics/Atmosphere: The Angel of Death continues to use the 3D perspective first established in BS3, but it looks much better. With anti-aliasing turned up, some scenes look almost photo-realistic (except for the lower quality character models). As a result, you really feel like you are in the story.Story: Like any Broken Sword game, there are some parts that are less believable or even boring. Overall though, it was pretty good. I liked how it tied together plot elements from the previous games. The ending left a lot to be desired however.Puzzles: Maybe I'm just impatient after playing almost nothing but Broken Sword in the past 2 weeks, but I felt like the puzzles were really hard. There were only a handful of major puzzles that I solved all by myself, for the rest I had to use a walkthrough. A couple in particular were really hard because they were logic puzzles, and after looking at a walkthrough I'm not so sure their logic makes sense.Overall, this is another good addition to the series and is worth playing. It's long, looks really nice, and is full of surprises. So get ready to see what kind of crazy situations George and Nico find themselves in this time."
76561198055955485,Recommended,316160,14505148,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TXLaina,"Still in 3D, so the controls are a littly wonky, but it's MOUSE control! Much better than the third game, although I feel this one was stretched out quite a bit.I found no way to skip conversations or video scenes, so replaying certain bits became tiring.I had to follow all advice for making this game run like less butt - see the forums for help.Still recommended."
,Not Recommended,316160,21592258,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,VANDERSEXXX,"this is the worst game in a whole series. short, boring and with awfully rushed ending."
76561198141782553,Recommended,316160,32948193,Posted: 28 June,all,Krusty,I love the broken sword games they are amazing
,Recommended,316160,12804222,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jaybee,Didn't run on my computer at all when I got it but after throwing the game out in disgust a few months and then reinstalling it everything works flawlessly. No clue what was wrong and what fixed it. Same install of windows and everything else exactly the same.The support was awesome though too bad I didnt notice the comment down under here earlier :/
76561198153321634,Recommended,316160,14490791,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,WilfulDragonfly,"For those that have been playing Broken Sword for years or have played the other games in the series I would recommend BS4 to them, but it wouldn't be one to start the series with or for anyone who wasn't a huge fan of the other games.It's not a bad game but is the weakest in the series. The controls were annoying, some of the puzzles didn't make that much sense, not in the good ""they're really hard"" way but in a ""how does that even work?"" way, and I had to look up how to solve some of them online (the first time I've ever had to do that for a BS game).It definitely lacks the humor of the other games and as far as I can tell there is no way to skip dialogue which can get very annoying when having to repeat parts of the game or if you choose the same topic again by accident (in previous games topics would disappear once they were done with unless you still needed them, in BS4 some topics would stay even when they weren't necessary).The game was at least longer than I though it was going to be, some of the puzzles were pretty good, the storyline is okay, and we get to go to some new places and meet the typical Broken Sword cast of strange characters.  So I'd say this is still a good game for fans."
,Recommended,316160,14863740,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Never Forgive,"Not Played all the way through, but good game so far, Clunky controls but still easily useable, Camera angle meant I did keep getting caught behind objects.  Good Graphics and good gameplay :)"
,Recommended,316160,13022722,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,FantaSaby,Love this series and game #4 doesn't disappoint!
,Not Recommended,316160,13924266,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Fenrir,"Boring empty game with clumsy controls. Nothing like any other in series. Charming Nico is replaced by slow and stupid american blondie with annoying voice. George acts slow and dull too. It's very boring to hear his sleepy ""can't open"" remarks while thugs are breaking his door. The story is almost unexistent. Plus it is buggy and you need to save very often as it could breaks any time."
76561198076487302,Not Recommended,316160,15981733,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,StingBull,"This game is garbage. Both gameplay and story.  Like the previous game this game is in 3D but unlike the previous game it uses the mouse to interact and somehow manages to ♥♥♥♥ up doing that. Mouse controls are so finicky and so broken. You need to be so precise and half the time it doesn't do what you want to do, it's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There are still action bits in the game, because that was such a ♥♥♥♥ing good idea the last time and combined the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t controls they are just the cherry on top of this♥♥♥♥♥♥cake of a game.And the the story oh the ♥♥♥♥ing story. Around the half way point the story just stops giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it's not like it was good before that. It's the most tone deaf, clown shoes nonsense mixed with an incredibly stupid doomsday plot. The amount of out of place goofy♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens in this game after the oh so dramatic scenes it has makes you ask were the script writers for this game writing the script with their asses.No character has any motivation to do anything in this game. Anna Maria is such a useless dumb bimbo that even the NPCs don't acknowledge her existence. Nico is in this game for no other reason than because she was in other games. She has no reason to be here. If you are going to create another female lead to replace her why the ♥♥♥♥ would you bring her back game?George; why the ♥♥♥♥ is he doing anything that he is doing in this game? He has not single reason to do what he does. What? He want to ♥♥♥♥ the dumb blonde bimbo? Is that the reason why he hops around the world risking his life? ♥♥♥♥ing hell this story is garbage...Even tough the 3rd game wasn't exactly great it had one thing that was going for it and that was the characters. That game for the first time in the series had some decent characters in it with decent animation and decent dialogue. This game oh no ♥♥♥♥ that, all of that's gone. Instead you get a bunch of life-sized dolls with no charm, wit or personality to them.Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not like you'll need any background for the next game in the series. Even the Revolution Software knows this game was a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥so they are ignoring it as far as the story forward is concerned."
76561198182826854,Not Recommended,316160,15015493,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,taylorrobert66978,this game sucked doesnt work wanted my money back and tryed everything sucks balls bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197995924866,Not Recommended,316160,21592859,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Reivn,"While having played all the other BS games I was looking very much forward on playing this also. Now having completed this I can only recommend it for the hardcore fans, and only because of the story it tells about George and Nico. The story seems a bit off the line compared to the other games in the series, it is too spread out and somewhat vague with very little links to the other games in the series, the older games had very much more links to each other.Puzzles are very difficult and almost often they make almost no sense. While the older ones were understandable and possible to solve with common sense, in this fourth one I had to rely on walkthrough guides way too often. This includes puzzles based on maps&manuscripts you have alreade lost from your inventory so you should remember little details without any clues. Very difficult when spreading the gameplay over several days or weeks. Includes also too much illogical thinking, I honestly think that you must be a genious to think through and solve all the puzzles related to the manuscript pictures.So, only for the fans of the series, and plus sign only for the story, minus for everything else."
76561198211387588,Recommended,316160,21441613,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dalibor.fak,"Must repeat what someone already said: "" It doesn't get everything wrong, it just doesn't get enough right. "" Although I was already dissapointed with the graphics in 3rd part, that one had a cool story behind it. This one - not really. The story is so full of stereotipes it becomes silly after a while and has worse ending than ""Titanic"". Anyway, I'll still recommend it but I beg of you - don't let this be the first of the series you play! Off course, all of us Broken Sword fanatics will play it and get it over with just like Star Wars fans do with Phantom Menace. Not that it is a bad game by itself, it's just a disgrace tot he series.."
,Recommended,316160,21398364,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,silverfox0786,I'm a big fan of BS Series and kinda did enjoy this too. But the story did kinda throw me off guard with Nico being out of the picture kind of and Anna being the new love interest with more twists than a plate of spaghetti. Overall I did enjoy it. But it had its flaws and annoying points. The camp reverends was a little toooo camp.  and Nico what can I say. She was dressed like a Hooker and ran like she been on the job far too long and experienced some really big ones from behind. And the story line was yes you guessed it. Templars.
,Not Recommended,316160,21407396,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,6twistedbiscuits,"I've only played a little less than an hour, which is in no way long enough to have played and be able to leave a proper review. I had to though. I had to stop when George Stobbard stared making constipated noises while trying to move something he couldn't.And that is the main part of my review. The character sounds like he badly needs to go and can't.I'm not terribly fond of it, if you can't tell. As its own game, it might be alright. I'll have to play more to know for sure, but it's not off to a bad start. As a 4th installment in the Broken Sword series, it's a bitter disappointment. It's so hard to get into it, knowing that it could and should have been something different and better.Buy it on sale or something, where you don't spend a lot of money on it. Or better yet, if you haven't played the other games, start with this one. That way, you don't get let down by it not being like the others."
,Recommended,316160,30779966,Posted: 27 March,all,michael,"This was the first Broken Sword I ever played back in 2006, and it has a special place in my heart. Some people say it's the worst of the series, but not knowing the series yet, I enjoyed it immensely, and I remember thinking it's set an example of how to do a point-and-click adventure in 3D properly. It has everything you can expect from a Broken Sword game - superb voice acting, clever writing, logical puzzles and the true spirit of adventure. The music score is remarkable. I recommend this title to anyone who appreciates a clever story-driven adventure.Note: The character can be moved with keyboard, which I prefer sometimes. I can see they added widescreen support, but it makes the menu stretched. Not a big deal, runs well on my GTX960."
76561198013403542,Not Recommended,316160,24642661,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,elle_hmg,Controls are horrible. Couldn't continue because it was so boring and tedious. Too bad because all the other games in this series are amazing. Don't waste your time even if you enjoy the series skip this one.
,Recommended,316160,17799947,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"The story continues for George Stobbart and his friend Nico, into what appears to be a Raiders of the Lost Ark kinda story. Hunted by Mafia, you uncover a plot by an order of the Vatican to employ the power of the lost Ark of the Testament in order to fashion a weapon that will cleanse the planet from the ""unbelievers"". The game is 3D, better made than the previous one, graphics are nice and in general it's a good game. I recommend it to those who like to proceed to the Broken Sword story."
,Recommended,316160,18133076,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ciroraggioli,"Recommended if you are a fan of the whole serie.If you played the two masterpieces of BS and BS2 and fell in love with George and Nico, for sure you would like to play another chapter of their adventures.The 3D is not always a wise choice for a point and click game, and this is not an exception, but still some riddles are really fun (and not very easy) to solve just like back in the days! Something in the general atmosphere reminds the first two games, something else just don't.It could be better with italian dubbing and Steam achievements.Ending completely lacks of impact."
,Recommended,316160,17063744,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Justice Pirate,"George gets hired by a blonde white woman named Anna Maria who seems to just say ""Okay"" at everything George wants (very different from Nico in that way).  She says her father's manuscript leads to a treasure and she needed some help.  Of course George is always willing to find a way out of challenges.  Some old characters show up in this of course as well as some great new characters (like Mark who was hilarious to me).  This was much much better than Broken Sword 3! Thank you so much for not doing a million crate movements and having much better controls!  There seemed to be not as many challenging puzzles though but I like that there were at least a few in the end sequence.  The storyline was good in this. Sad ending though in a way! Also this game lasted longer to play (for me at least) than the other three Broken Sword games."
76561198274566778,Not Recommended,316160,28431506,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,honeycat555,wow another dud gamewise.  Lags non stop and it takes ages to even move. This and No.3 are not worth all the frustration to try and play . Heres Hoping No 5 is as good as 1 + 2.
76561198027027179,Recommended,316160,30038252,Posted: 19 February,all,Darkmaster,"Solid game, if you plaied previous in the series. Plot is not as well written as the previous ones and the ending is left to be desired. There was this feeling at the end, is this really it? Other than that the game is ok. Some puzzles are not as obvious as someone would hope and that makes the game interesting to play."
,Not Recommended,316160,30359346,Posted: 6 March,all,Arkana Protego,Bugs and obscure puzzles everywhere. The writing also suffered a lot compared to the previous games. Clearly the worst game of the series.
,Recommended,316160,31612517,Posted: 7 May,all,samuellincoln,"""Broken Sword 4"" is an adventure that has excelent gameplay (it allows the user to use both the set of directional buttons and the traditional point-and-click with the mouse) and a very good story, with some very nice moments (specially in New York, Rome, Vatican and Istanbul). The soundtrack is also very good.Personally, I thing BS4 is the second best game of Broken Sword Series. The only critic I have is about the end of the game, that seemed to be very abrupt for me. Nevertheless, the game is still excelent.My grade for the game is 9 of 10."
,Not Recommended,316160,33990229,Posted: 3 August,all,Yawn12321,Unplayable because of very low framerate which is a common bug for this game. I couldn't fix it by any mean.
