user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043637358,Not Recommended,316180,12565057,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Power_Bert,"What do we have here?A City Sleeps is a horizontal shmup in which the spawning of enemies and your own rate of fire is determined by the rythm of the games music. Another nice feature is the ability to put one of five ghosts on available points on the screen to create shooting turrets or healing points that aid you in your battle.What is good:1. The soundtrack... its awesome and very well done.2. The difficulty. The game is hard and unforgiving like a good shoot em up should be.3. The ghost mechanic gives the game additional replayability as you probably will want to try a different approach on a  level you've already beaten.4. Varied bullet patterns. If you've played a few bullet hell shmups you'll be surprised to see a few quite well done and interesting patterns here.The bad:1. Controls feel clunky. You either feel like youre not fast enough to dodge the onslaught of bullets or you use your dashmove and overshoot. This of course gets better with practice but right of the start controlling Poe (the main character) never felt quite right to me. To me it felt like the dash move was originally intended to make you invincible for a few frames but then they cut that feature out at the last minute.2. Gameplay. Despite having scrolling backrounds this is basically a twinstick onescreen arena shooter like geometry wars. Enemies spawn on screen and you try to kill them as fast as possible. Most foes take a ridiculous amount of damage though and often times fighting those bigger enemies feels slow and repetitive. At the end it all boils down to which ghosts to use at what point in the level and i didn't find this particulary exciting. Never before have i played a shmup in which destroying enemies felt so unsatisfying. They don't explode or scream or have nice death animations. Killed enemies just vanish without a sound.3. Graphics. Stylish but Cheap. Everything looks like a cardboard cutout and is barely animated at all. Think of old flash games. Disappointing.4. Content. Yes there are ghosts and relics(passive boosts) to unlock when beating the levels at certain difficulties but at the end of the day there are only 3 different levels. They change according to the music at higher difficulties but to me everything felt quite samy.5. The whole rythm affects gameplay thing. A great idea that fascinates at first but eventually shows its downside: It makes the game unpredictable. Pushing the ""shoot"" button to kill a near enemy but you are not shooting? Yeah, because the music at this very moment does not allow it. This wouldnt be that bad if you could actually predict the music and play accordingly but the whole soundtrack (as good as it is) sounds like some kind of everchanging rave/techno/remix stuff. Try to predict this. :)As you can probably tell i do not like A City Sleeps. Compared to other shoot em ups its slow and repetitive, looks cheap and has not enough content to warrant its price tag of 14€.Youll be far better off to buy stuff like Crimzon Clover, Jamestown, Deathsmiles, Akai Katana or any other shooter from cave.The only redeeming thing about A City Sleeps is its soundtrack. Yeah. buy and download the soundtrack, its awesome."
,Recommended,316180,12513939,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Saninsince992,"A really well polished game with an amazing art style and soundtrack that go well into the game mechanics, and despite short length offers for a fair amount of fun.The bad:-Relatively short at only 3 very short level.-Not much to do or collect besides the leaderboard and finishing the game on every difficulty.The good:-Amazing art style and soundtrack that go right into the game mechanics. You shoot in the beat of the music.-Great in short bursts. Short level.-Unlockable special abilities change up the levels and add highly to replayability.-Although short, the game is relatively challenging and offers a variety of difficulty levels to unlock.For every fan of the sadly scarce Shoot 'em up genre that enjoy a vibrant soundtrack that compliments the game well this is a must have. With it's beautiful art and fluid gameplay, it offers high replayability despite the short length. It is a sadly (at launch at least) overlooked game that in the terms of production quality and overall gameplay is at the top of its genre. If you enjoy the art style and are a fan of this genre, as well as are intrigued by the idea of the music pretty much dictating the game flow, this is a game you shouldn't miss. For everyone else, at least at a sale, it is worth a shot and will probably end up being a gem in many people's game library."
76561198025301599,Not Recommended,316180,14022140,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"Bought this game out of support for Harmonix to be honest, plus i love Shoot them up and bullet hell games so i figured i won't regret buying it for sure.well the game itself isn't broken but there are some glaring issues:+ the soundtrack is great.+ the art style is good too.- moving the character is very slow and the dash isn't much of a help.- only 3 very short levels ( but you can replay them with increased difficulties)- Rhythm and shooting doesn't work well in this game.i love Harmonix to the death for the RockBand series but this game isn't worth it i think.P.S. here is a word from Harmonix ""We've been paying close attention to all your feedback on the game and have been considering it closely. As such, we've decided to permanently drop the price of A City Sleeps to $9.99 (Standard Edition) and $12.99 (Deluxe Edition) to be more in line with your expectations as a Steam player""this seems kinda passive aggressive to me cause they are kinda saying Steam Gamers are cheap, i don't agree with that at all, i will still support Harmonix for their past work and i hope they don't stumble again like this game and Rockband Blitz."
,Recommended,316180,12518426,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,z`,The end boss is probably the closest you'll get to being encouraged to stab the essence of dub step with a sword.
,Recommended,316180,12532782,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,yingfo,"The perfect combion of Bullet Hell and MusicHarmonix has attemped something completely new from what most people are familar with and it completely pays off with A City Sleeps. The game takes the combination of a shmup and turns it upside down with a very stylized and memorable soundtrack. It's nice to see a developer take a chance on such a obscure genre, that I believe is only really popular in Japan.The gameplay is fluid and flows perfectly, the art is beautiful and each enemy stands out. As for the soundtrack I could go on about how amazing the soundtrack is! (buy the deluxe edtion!) I found myself playing the Empress level multiple times just to play the last boss fight with the music.Some people might be turned off by the fact that the only only features 3 levels, but after you complete a level on a certain difficulty you will unlock an even harder diffculty for that level. The harder difficulties really feel different and aren't the same level you just played. The bullet patterns change and really has you really thinking over your stategy and trying to memorizes the certain bullet patterns.If you are a fan of shumps and/or music games or if you are looking to play something completely different this game is just for you!"
,Recommended,316180,13271806,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,HaroldoNVU,"It's a good game but nothing amazing. A City Sleeps is a bullet hell shooter with some minor musical aspect, your projectiles are affected by the beat and it sounds when you attack. That was a bit of a disappointment on a game from Harmonix and I feel this system only detracts from the experience. It's quite short, only three stages with 3 chapters each and some incentive for replayability in form of unlockables and new difficulties. It's a pretty beautiful game and even though I'm not a fan of Electronica the soundtrack is good. It could really benefit from a new free add-on with at least a new stage but it's a good enough game as it is."
,Not Recommended,316180,20326036,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,GhostGK,"Tho the game features an potentially fun gameplay, Harmonix forgets what make music games great & didn't know what makes SHMUPs tick..The flow..The game insist on the use of adaptive soundtrack that would be better with the ""adaptive"" elements..The parts of music stops when you stop shooting, or when u killed the enemies too fast, etc..The so called ""tactical layer"" idol system is not fun to play/manage, plus it breaks the flow of music..The level designs were horrible, the enemies encounters were uneventful, & the bosses which should be the core of SHMUPs are soulless..TL;DR: While it's an interesting notion, Harmonix failed to sync the gameplay with music like it promised.."
,Recommended,316180,19661675,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dylveryn Maiteris,"A City Sleeps, while short, is actually a vey satisfying bullet hell where the bullets are fired in the rythym of preset songs, which i would usually have an issue with but I love the peaceful yet straining elctrionic soundtrack. You play as a member of an exorcist organization, and must go into three people's dreams of increasing difficulty and destroy what is haunting them with the assistance of ghosts with varying powers, from healing to electric shocks. For the most part, Killing enemies isn't your top priority, it's surviving. after a set amount of time, most of the enemies just leave, to be replaced with different enemies. The only major enemies you want to take down first are the ones with health bars, and the bosses. In the first stage of each dream, you have a large amount of health, so getting through to the boss isn't too difficult, but when you advance to the more challenging stages, you'll be tempted to use the Mercy (healing) ghost, but don't. It doesn't heal enough to be useful and it dractically reduces your point multiplier. The other ghosts, however, do come in handy when you're in a tight spot.The highlights of this game is it's music and it's art. I personally love the art style and can't get enough of it. As I said before, the music is amazing and worth playing for the music alone, even if you're not huge on the bullet hell thing.Overall I definitely think this is a must buy for any music lover. Although there are not too many levels, the diffulty of the last stages will give you hours of enjoyment.(Disclaimer: the time I have put into this game according to steam is incorrect, I have played much more, through various other means that I don't think need mentioning.)"
,Not Recommended,316180,21862146,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Starsmore,"While at first this game might appeal to your senses, that will fade quickly along with your interest.  There isn’t really anything here.  Very few variations in enemies, level design, weapons, and even the score lacks in the creativity department.  It all becomes very dull, very quickly.I’ve played free mobile games that have more content than this.If you really feel inclined to check it out, play it for one hour...and decide if you want to return it or not.  At that point, you will have had the opportunity to experience most of what this game has to offer.  Which, sadly to say…isn't much."
,Not Recommended,316180,20448192,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,CannonFodder,"A middling bullet-hell shooter with dual-stick mechanics whose soundtrack far exceeds the game itself. I found myself wanting to just listen to the music more than actually play.Several points make the game somewhat frustrating:* Your attack rate is not consistent. It is tied to the beat of the music. While usually at a good clip, there are some spots where it slows down.* Not shooting isn't really an option. When you stop tilting the stick, a significant chunk of the music goes mute, which diminishes my enjoyment of the game.* Tied in with that, dual-stick shooting gets really old really fast when you can't let up.* No bombs. You have to earn your bomb by closing to melee range at hitting enemies, which turns your ranged attack into a melee one.* Doesn't feel good. I don't really feel in-control of movement, as the game feels too sluggish to warrant the ""only your core takes damage"" dodges that a bullet-hell shmup demand, and using the dash is an exercise in ""point in a general direction and hope you didn't point the stick one or two degrees off"". I recognize that the game is themed around dreaming, and sometimes when you dream you get a floating feeling where you fly around, but you can't have that in a bullet hell. It's gotta be precise.If you can get the soundtrack alone, it's great. But I think the music is wasted on this game."
,Not Recommended,316180,25261845,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fibericon,"I'm experiencing a bug that makes this game very difficult to play - the controls keep cutting out. I tried to get a fix from the devs first, but they're refusing to respond. It's a pretty looking game, and it's fun when it works, but it needs to work for me to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,316180,18829319,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Zen Stork {{,"Not a bad game but it has its flaws.Pros:+Interesting music and synchronization of sound and input.+Some very nice visuals and art style.Cons:-Only three levels, designed to be replayed at 5 levels of difficulty each.-The learning curve is too rough. I uninstalled after about an hour total play time, with too much frustration trying to beat only the 4th level (2nd difficulty of level 1)."
76561198042771563,Recommended,316180,12513431,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Xzalor,"Haven't played much as it was just released but from what I've played: the music is incredible and the art is very polished and well done. Also the gameplay is great and silky smooth.Looks like there are three levels with three stages inside each one, then there are about 6 difficulty levels for each stage. The main point is to beat a level with one difficulty then repeat the level again with a harder difficulty until you've masterd the level.Very hard game but so far worth it.(I will update this review as I play more)"
,Recommended,316180,22406401,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Terrifying Tuba,I like this game. Although its a little short.
,Recommended,316180,12577079,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,moltenmaverick,"This is a good game, great beats"
,Recommended,316180,12514075,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Full Metal Jackass,"Great game, fantastic art and music. Harmonix managed to create the first Zen shmup ever!"
,Not Recommended,316180,12542690,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,cacographeld,"Pretty boring levels (of which there are 3), bullet patterns aren't very interesting, soundtrack is decentish."
76561198002499144,Recommended,316180,19797960,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ColloidalSilver,"Twin-stick shooter bullet hell. I cut my teeth on the bullet hell subgenre with this game and enjoyed it. Played it to the first credits roll (as of this writing.) It gets a bad rap on the rest of the internet because it's thin content-wise. There are three stages with five difficulty variations, two of which are identical to previous difficulties with extra handicaps. Beating levels unlocks ""relics"" (equippable power-ups) and ""ghosts"" (which can be slotted into ""idols"" in a level to heal, do damage, etc.) which allows you to customize your loadout. There isn't much of a story. The flavor text accompanying each level describe the player character (Poe) and her place in the world. She's a ""silkworm,"" a working-class exorcist in a futuristic city who dives into people's dreams to free them of malevolent kami (which are basically thetans) to make ends meet. I like the aesthetic, the sound design, and enjoyed playing it. After playing another game (Undertale) I wanted to try a bullet hell game and this fit the bill. It's kind of a shame that there's not much here."
,Recommended,316180,16873012,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MOJO|Daitenzin,I've awarded Harmomix Music with over 1000 dollars of my real world money.The kids down there have made a generous twin stick shooter with a difficulty that any hardcore gamer can love.Definitely catch it for at least one playthrough.
,Recommended,316180,13270360,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,lignimvite,A fun twist on the bullet hell arcade game genre. The soundtrack is excellent and the power ups enhance the gameplay.My only gripe is that the story is lackluster and the game itself is very short and there's only higher difficulties to play through. This can make for some tedium but it's still a fun and mesmerizing time.Be sure to catch this game on sale!
,Recommended,316180,13242971,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kolma,"Bullet Hell perfectly in tune with the music.Enemy appearance, enemy fire, your own weapons and ability and synced up with the music (which is PHENOMINAL btw)Synced is partially the wrong word however as you and the enemies aren't so much playing the music as you are making it.When an enemy appears and starts shooting his bullets are the music as are your own. Kill the enemy and that part of the music dies out with him.While it's only 3 songs, there are various difficulties which include more enemies and in doing so make the music richer and the game more complicated.Descriptions and videos alone don't do the game justice. You've just got to play it for yourself."
,Recommended,316180,13243045,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cali Yo,"This is an amazing combination of rhythm and shmup gameplay. If you enjoy bullet hell games and EDM, you'll love this. The third boss is easily one of my favorite boss battles of the year, with that bass drop, oh my godI really love this game and have been a Harmonix fanboy since the original Amplitude. I even bought this OST after playing through it. That said, I don't feel this game is worth $15. It's just lacking in content. You play the same 3 stages over and over, but with more enemies/bullets.I'll cut them some slack because this game was apparently made in 6 months, which is really impressive, but I wish there was more here. I'd say it's worth $10. Still highly recommended, but not at $15."
,Recommended,316180,12520101,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Rowr,"Edit - Taking the price drop into consideration I would recommend this game so long as you are a fan of the genre.----------------------------------------Everything about this game is pretty awesome aside from the fact it comes with a pathetic THREE levels.There are six difficulties for each level sure, but three levels just aint enough for the price in my book, sorry. Wait for a sale.There is a system where you unlock different modifiers you can place in slots in the level, that seems to be where they are aiming for replayability. Harder difficulties change up enemy types and how many, so it's not like the level is exactly identical for every difficulty.It's worth mentioning i'm not a hardcore bullet hell guy so I don't really expect to grind out the last few difficulties with any success. It's also worth mentioning that every other aspect of this game is pretty great, so anyone who is a fan of this genre in particular might get their money worth out of it from the difficulties alone."
,Recommended,316180,13606598,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Grim Deal,"This is a wonderful game made by Harmonix. I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Bullet Hell shooters and wants a challenge. The game also has one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a while and the art is fantastic; I love Matt Perlot's art, it's just great. The game might feel short to some people because it only has 15 levels but each level increases with difficulty the further you progress which adds more challenge to this game because, duh, it's a Bullet Hell shooter game, that's the whole point.In short, I would give this game an 8.5/10. It's a great Bullet Hell shooter with fantastic art, music and gameplay."
