user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198124420177,Not Recommended,316430,17163852,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,pirate593,"It was fun at first, and sending waves of copy-pasted soldiers into the meat grinder in the editor is hours of entertainment, but I can't recommend this game just to save others from dissapointment.I'll start with the elephant in the room, the devs are almost cartoonishly greedy it seems. They've cut the legs off the game to sell to us as DLC. It's analagous to selling someone a car, and then selling them a season pass that includes the rear-view mirror, the trunk door, and the two rear wheels.Otherwise, the game fails to in any way captre the brutality of the first world war. This is do in part to the failing of the Gem engine to be able to accurately portray this, but nonetheless I expect more to that end from a project of this scale. Trench Warfare was frequently brutal hand to hand combat, but all this seems to depict is lazy potshots at one another from across no mans land. Artillery is frequently so weak it's virtually useless, failing to do any significant damage before the enemy has a chance to bandage themselves. The addition of horses was interesting at a glance, but the soldiers can't do anything from horseback, so attempting to make cavalry charges just results in a lot of dead horses. Hardly spectacular. Gas is rarely used in the campaign, and it's always a cutscene, watching a trenchful of your men just die without any kind of reaction. Nobody puts on the gasmasks that are clearly in their inventory, no body attemtps to run or seek shelther from it. It's like gassing mannequins.All in all, a very poor depiction of World War One. Look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,316430,17270462,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LiFT Not Tommy,"is this some kind of ♥♥♥♥ing sick joke?  i bought this game on early release with everything included. i expect what was presented.  French, British, Russian and German campaign single player by the time it was finished.  now these ♥♥♥♥ing scumbags are selling the campaigns seperately? this is outrageously criminal. they took out the tanks too which they included when we bought it in early access. i'm pretty sure this is breaking some sort of contract/licensing?the game is mediocre at that too. the units are scarce, i was expecting much more, i have seen mods even better than this.this is truly criminal. how can this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥company have the audacity to sell a season pass?"
,Not Recommended,316430,15288709,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jeanathan,"[DISCLAIMER: The following review was last updated in 2015, the gameplay may have changed since then.]Do I recommend this game? As it looks now, no. Unless you want to support the developers, which may or may not help them fix the issues I've encountered below. Don't count on it.This is going to be my first serious review ever made, because it is needed.First off, let me explain my experience with the Men of War franchise.I was an ex-modder for Men of War, Men of War Vietnam and Men of War Assault Squad as well as the head of the Men of War Fanclub onmoddb.comYou may know me as craftan99. This is important to note so that you will know how much knowledge I have of how the game engine works and how it's assets is used. I have safely over 1000+ hours on Men of War offline back when It was a retail version. Now, on to the game.The developers of this game, ""The Great War Team"", have claimed that the single player is finished. However, this is not the case. There are several localization issues where items and weapons miss names. The writing of the dialogues are awful and usually the voice acting and subtitles don't match to what they're saying and some dialogue is recorded with a very poor microphone. Also, little is explained as how to accomplish certain objectives without much direction as to what is required to do certain objectives. Some times you need certain items and it's a pain if you've somehow don't have that item because you dropped it somewhere. The game is also very lacking in Sound Assets, or maybe lacking isn't the word to use. I'd say that it has poor quality. Some guns sound very off when it comes to some kind of noise feedback that is in the background. Horses galopping is also a great example at terrible sound. This series is known to have bad voice acting as Men of War's developers had the same issue. However, I don't know if ""The Great War Team"" was even responsible for the voice acting or if they asked for support from the main developers of the franchise. In any case, it needs to be redone completely. There are tons of people who would volounteer without payment. Websites likebehindthevoiceactors.comlet's people try out for voice roles. Why they didn't do this, beats me.The mission designs aren't the best either, they aren't very consistent and stealth is usually a hard task, but it is possible. However, stealth missions are rather tedious. Speaking of difficulty and missions, I always found the defense missions in the French and Russian campaigns to be extremely easy to complete. I think it's because the waves of enemies where so small that they were easily fended off.When it comes to balancing, the artillery reload speed need to be longer and the infantry sprint endurance bar needs to be longer. Either that or faster recharges on the bar. Artillery HE rounds could also use some balancing to maybe lower the AoE just a bit, I always found the artillery redicioulously overpowered. Even with realism, balancing is needed to make the experience more fun and engaging. Artillery spam is hardly fun. Tanks are perfectly balanced in my opinion and I don't see much needed in the ways of improving that.This wasn't much of a review as it is explaining what this game needs to fix. Even if this is in Early Access, these are things that have been overlooked and should be completely redone.Basically:* The Campaign is not finished, even if the developers claim it is.* Awful writing.* Awfully easy defense missions where the waves are too small.* Poor sound assets with bad voiceacting.* Some icons have bad artwork.* Localization issues.* Tedious Stealth Missions.* Balancing Issues.Suggestions:* Add realistic color to the mustard gas, yellow.* Add more types of gas and apply equally realistic color. (White Cross, Green Cross and Blue Cross.)* Add more unit types to Multiplayer. (Bavarian Infantry, French Chasseurs, Canadian Royal Rifles, White Russian Guard)* Add Cavalry and the ability to attack with horses.* Add better and fresher animations for the infantry.All in all, I've enjoyed the hell out of the game, but I would enjoy it even more if these issues were fixed. I would be so happy if it was.Thank you for your time."
76561198058907713,Not Recommended,316430,16829241,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Rodmorg,"*EDIT: They are now calling it a 'flexible purchasing system'. This is absolute rubbish. They are doing it to receive more money. Money Grabbers.DLCDLCDLCDO NOT BUY THIS 'GAME':You have to pay for the British and German campaigns,even if you bought BOE with early access. But with the original Men of War, the German, Russian, British and Bonus missions were not DLC's at all, and were with the base game. This is now only £5. Also, I bought the game in December 2014, and I only get the French and Russian campaign with the early access ( which adds up to 20 missions in total). Then, this 'Blazing Guns' DLC, which has 10 missions I think, comes out today (July 1 2015). This is not for free for people who bought it during Early Access, but for people who bought it between sometime in April to July 1. Also to note, 20 missions was £9.99 when it first came out as early access, but they have increased the price for 40 missions to £23.99.I like the gameplay and the editor (which surprisingly comes with the base game), but this 'Flexible Purchasing System' is what really let this 'game' down, and you can just buy Men of War (which uses the same engine) for more than 1/4 of the price of this 'game'"
,Not Recommended,316430,17154722,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Immaluckez,"Money grabbing developers , releasing paid DLC's even before the release of the mod lol (  Its suppose to be a free mod )  . The developers lied , i thought EA Buyers will be able to access all the campaigns but unfortunately u have to pay and pay and pay to get the complete game .  Releasing free DLC's for valid buyers and not EA Buyers , BS isnt it ? And the developers are deleting negative threads in the community discussion because they do not care about the people in the community and instead care about their planning for the future paid DLC's :DI dont recommend to buy it unless you really want to support the game , im really disappointed for buying this bullcrap game"
76561198079398033,Not Recommended,316430,18099369,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr_Russell,"Released free campaign DLCs for some countries, then decided they wanted more money and so made the next ones paid DLCs. Where is the logic? I don't want to pay for campaigns that should be part of the game to start with, especially an early access game.Was a fun game and concept, but I would not recommend buying it when the base campaigns are part of a season pass."
76561198062014242,Recommended,316430,14067881,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sgt. Indoball,"Infantry wins firefights, Tanks wins battles, Artilerry wins wars. This game preety much sums up that quotes.."
,Not Recommended,316430,16826229,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jord68,Seems like they are more interested in releasing DLC then making their game any good.
,Not Recommended,316430,19676735,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HuffingJenkem,"Buy in early access, come back to find the single player content you thought you were getting is paid DLC. 0/10."
76561198087967568,Not Recommended,316430,18182623,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MrDrejer,"[EDIT: Added 'thieving' in front of most of the slur pointed towards the developers... why? THEY ASKED FOR IT!!]Ashamed I ever bought this copy-paste garbage from thieving ukrainian developers...Their website clearly stated a while back, that upon purchasing ""BoE 1914-1918"" you'd get a game alike men of war, featuring 4 campaigns: The Russian, The British, The French and the German...Did I mention they're thieves?My friend and I bought the full game during early access after reading their entire website through thoroughly.Then these thieving dirty lowlife scumbag ukrainians all of a sudden became greedier (and more thieving) than usual, and the agenda changed;I had no longer supported the developers of an early access game, expecting the full game upon release... NO... The term ""pre-release season pass"" spawned alongside this ratpack of thief-developers, and I now - in spite of being promised a decent quality game alike MOW featuring 4 complete campaigns (which I paid for), I'm instead left with 2 poorly crafted campaigns with such horrible voice acting I litterally get a headache after listening to some east-european accent spitting into a tin-can microphone, meanwhile they now expect me to cash out again, to recieve the final 2 campaigns which were in fact part of the deal when I purchased this game... Well no fricking way, you thieving vermin!If any players out there know how to file a report on either a game or their developers, for abusive money-grabbing and scamming the majority of their paying customers (or something down that alley), I'd appriciate to hear from you.(May you forever have nightmares about russians and I, you worthless waste of resources.)(I don't even have to give you the rant about how the removed tanks from the core gameplay, only to include it in DLCs... DLCs which I currently don't own, yet have i earned the achievements from tank-missions during the alpha.. yep, they WERE there.)"
,Not Recommended,316430,19739742,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Raider Alpha: [2ndLt]A.Thor็,dlc simulator
76561198061123322,Not Recommended,316430,23514765,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Soviet War Lord,I am saddened and sickened at the devs for making us have to pay for every little thing for this game. It's an overpriced game that runs on an old MoW engine that is not worth thr price. I had high hopes for this game to finally be the WW1 game we've been looking for but as it turns out the devs are money hungry pigs.
76561198141346710,Not Recommended,316430,17176784,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,lord death,i liked the game when it was still really early access know you have to buy the rest of the game wich to me its crazy
,Not Recommended,316430,18284227,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,(PG)Wojna,"Yeah I think all of you know the rest when I say you buy this game for 15 dollars a year ago under pre-release stage, with the premise that youll get the full game in the end, but naw. They decied to give you the middle finger and say you have to pay for the rest of the game for it to be full... *clap clap* marketing scumbagship 101. Also by the fact that nearly the entirity of the voice acting is amature at best and comepletely done in broken english with no effort for actually getting national language accents right. The ♥♥♥♥ing french sound slavic and the only ones who have the best voice acting is the russian campain, which of course, is slavic so it fits. And did i mention the Russian campaign is the longest and most fleshed out ever since the only campaign was France? The France campaign is bare bones, and needs alot more to it to actually be considered even with the other campaigns.That, and just about every mission needs to start with a stealth mission that sometimes dosnt make a ton of sence at all... Im not gonna lie, these guys could have made a very good WW1 based stratgey game, but naw. Not after practically reskining a free mod you can download right now for Men of War Assualt Squad, not after being a little of what i think is slavic bias and putting waaay more tone into the Russian Empire Campaign, not getting accents on the ball for a fitting atmosphere, and certianly not after cheating out many buyers for the base game in its pre-release stage under the premise that they would get it in full when its done... just no.Save your money, and leave these theiving scumbags to know what happens when you turn your back on early stage supporters and to steal their money practically in a gamble for what you hope is a decent campaign with no clear details on its features or just how long and satisfying its going to be... Just stay away from this heap of crap..."
76561198003922696,Not Recommended,316430,16965893,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Beans,"Trying to shamelessly peddle DLC in a game that's barely an alpha proof of concept is very disgraceful. If the devs change their stance on this, once the game is in a playable state, I will definitely reconsider this rating."
76561197989169270,Recommended,316430,13341980,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dark,"TL;DRMen of War, but World War One RTS.9/10The campaign plays brilliantly like the original MoW..It provides differeniating scenarios in which you may attack, defend, use stealth or a mixture of all of them to complete your objectives. The multiplayer is currently limited to Front Lines and Co-Op however I believe there are plans to roll out additional game modes (Such as Domination and TDM).The graphics are fine, and the weaponry and uniforms are fitting to the era. You may play as the British, French, Germans or Russians, and play against eachother online in any combination. Furthermore, the game now focuses on strategy on a larger scale as opposed to the traditional MoW games. Micro-management can still be the decider of battles online and on singleplayer and can be the difference between a crushing defeat or a stunning victory."
76561198055997362,Not Recommended,316430,22731010,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,[AG] (Canadian) Mr.Bob,"I am an early access buyer and I expected to get everything I payed for, but instead I have to pay extra $$$ for little slices of a game I already payed for? What kind of mindset would you have to be in to think this is the right thing to do for people to enjoy or even play this game? Selfish, money ♥♥♥♥♥ developers who think their EA with their shi tty ""cash grabs"" which arent even really cash grabs since its so ♥♥♥♥ing obvious and people are sadly still falling for their tricks. I'd rather play Verdun or a MOWAS:2 WW1 mod then this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU  GREEDY  MOT HER  FUC KERS! 0/10"
76561198003030375,Recommended,316430,13919021,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Battle of Empires: 1914 -1918~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Battle of Empires is very similar then Men of War series but in World War 1 era.You have to complete all objectives to move further into each mission.Nicely polished graphics and the game runs very well.  All units and weapons of this era are well represented in this game.As you would expect this type of strategy game is challenging and keeps you on your toes from early on, which is exactly what you want.This game is currently on early access and after playing 1 hour and 30 minutes, I did not encounter any issues so far.One little criticism; some of the unit actions like reloading artillery are just a little bit hard in my opinion. Bear in mind, I am comparing it with a game that works extremely well (Men of War: Assault 2). I guess a little tweak in that regards. I think the final version will be just fine.Positive:~~~~~~-	Era well represented (units, weapons, etc)-	Challenging mission from early on-	A lot of achievements-	Nice graphicsNegative:~~~~~~~-	Some of the command action (units) need to be smootherOverall,  I like it and I am looking forward to the final version.MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198070618189,Not Recommended,316430,16838260,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,MuhGibs MeDat,LOL! Season passes and dlc for a ♥♥♥♥ing bare bones mod.
,Not Recommended,316430,17372568,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Comrade Alexander #FreePalestine,"Honestly, no I cannot recommend this game. The editor is crazy broken, with 25% of the models crashing the game and causing you to loose all progress you made on your map/mission, furthermore they are milking the game for all it's worth, forcing you to pay extra for all campaigns when the game only comes with one short campaign. The 3 campaigns ( 2 of which have a high chance to randomly crash ) are only available when purchased for a total of $26.97, meaning this buggy mess of a MOD (and yes that's all it is) is $46.96. Let's look at other Men of War in comparison.  Men of War Assault Squad 2 is $34.99 for the deluxe edition and includes 5 campaigns, Men of War Assault Squad 1 is $15 for the ""Game of the Year Edition"" and includes 5 campaigns with and extra 2 missions for each campaign (comes with the DLC) and an extra bonus mission. All of these games are cheaper than this game and a lot better made. Battle of Empires is a mod and expecting there to be better quality when a $47 price tag on it is insane.So short answer, no don't buy this game buy one of it's many cheaper cousins."
76561198008019285,Not Recommended,316430,17198762,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Cole,This game is great. But the DLC... SUCH A CASH GRAB cannot recommend this simply because you need to buy so much to get a complete game.Edit: Misunderstanding the DLC is one package. but this little pocket strategy is becoming a re-ocurring theme in the MoW series as well and I don't like it.
,Not Recommended,316430,16942918,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dead Bones Brook,its more like a bad mod for MoW than a good game
,Not Recommended,316430,28581498,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MrGermanSheppard,"Update: the British Empire so far is the best campaign, until the other DLC get reworked try the British EmpireThis game is very interesting but, there is a lot wrong with it and it needs some of these issues fixed before it becomes fair and fun. I will say right now that you should not buy this game until it gets fixed. And I also want to add, I don’t want to get a refund for this game, I want it to be improved in the areas that it needs it; I want it to work in order to be fun and fair when you play. In this list of complaints I will not list the DLC as I personally don’t have a problem with it, and in my personal experience with the DLC it enriches and extends the single player which is something that I like, I didn’t buy this game for multiplayer … but I would like to see something for American campaign in the future …First: friendly AIone of the key parts of this game is totally broken, your troops are very stupid and can't do anything without you being there to hold their hand through everything; they won't fight, they won't take cover, they won't put on their gas masks, they will do anything in their power to ruin your day as a commander, and that is the WORST thing to have in a strategy game especially when you decide to try and copy enemy tactics and get slaughtered to something that the enemy AI does and usually come out of the situation with most of their men or even using some other tactic that just ends in a messSecond: enemy AIthe enemy is exactly opposite of your guys, they know what they're doing, which is good it's nice to have an enemy that establishes a challenge ... it's another thing when they're too smart and are basically over powered, when it comes to just standard infantry they aren't too bad they'd be way batter if they had the same level of intelligence as the friendly AI, other than that the enemy infantry feels somewhat at home, but on the other hand with enemy weapon emplacement and artillery, way to mess up the game flow with nearly impassible sections of enemy guns, and tanks sure as hell don't help at all against the pin point accuracy of field artillery or mobile artillery like mortars and 37mm cannons, it's amazing when I can't finish a mission because of some damn field gun that I can't reach with either friendly armor or friendly infantry, or even the enemy machine gun emplacement that are almost impossible to get behind, but that's to be expected ... except when the thing can turn a full 360 degrees, and to add insult to injury ... when the game puts you behind the gun but your braindead friendly AI can't do a damn thing making me fail a missionThird: the lack of the ability to call in my own reinforcements whenever I need""War isn't fair but, a game should be..."" ~ Brothers in Armsthe game of Brothers in Arms is a very moving one, it near perfectly replicates that landings at Normandy in June 1944 and Operation Market Garden in September 1944, it’s a game that realizes that its own gameplay can become way too hard and will offer to fully restore your health and revive all of your squad mates that might've died along the way unless they were scripted deaths, they realized that a game should be fun and challenging, not hard and punishingwhat I'm try to get at is, give me the ability to call in reinforcements when I truly need them, yeah I know some of the missions do allow me to do that but, even those missions will royally screw with you but taking away your ability to do that, are you kidding me ? I, as a player of your game and being put in the position of a commander, need the ability to call in anything I may need; mortars, heavy MGs, field artillery, tanks (depending on the date), supply and armored trucks,   or infantry, if i don't have that ability its shoots up the difficulty to some extremely unfair state, if I can't make mistakes to learn from my own screw ups how am I going to learn at all, and basic training isn't an excuse to learn better tactics, Men of War: assault squad from what I remember has no training sequence to it but it gave me full control of reinforcing my men which made me learn from trial and error, the training that Battle of Empires teaches you is how to operate one soldier first and everything else second, no tactics, nothing, welcome to hell (First Fight isn't a training mission by the way, I learned nothing from it, and the AI prevented me from beating it)Fourth: long unnecessary cut scenes that won’t take you back to the area of the map you were just atthis one is more personal than anything, in a game it can be nice to understand what is happening so far in the story/time era that we’re being presented with … it’s another thing when you’re forced to sit through unnecessary and long bits of dialogue that don’t provide anything, Men of War knew this and gave you the option to skip anything you didn’t want to sit through, especially when you can just look at your objectives menu and get the same information that was just given to you in a few short sentencesand as for the camera not taking you back to the area of the map you were just looking at, thanks, I love losing my troops to something I have no power over, which will most likely force me to restart a mission and get them to stay in a new position so I don’t lose as manyFifth: where the hell am I supposed to gothis one seems like irony after just complaining about the other topic, but it isn’t and here’s why, in the game you are provided with a mini map which shows the location of enemies and the location of friendly troops, it even gives shows some parts of the map where there’s something that isn’t even interfering with the objective but you can still scroll over and check it out, maybe a downed German plane or a town that might come into play later, what it won’t show you is the objective … why do that? It doesn’t give me an unfair advantage, it just shows me where I need my guys to go, is that really such a big deal? Apparently so because, the developers have decided to give you a red arrow, no map placement of any kind, so are you close to the mission objective? Who knows, hey how about we abandon our braindead soldiers for a second and see, hopefully they can do something right for a cha- and mission failed, awesome, amazing, great jobSixth: taking away friendly troops that are under your command for no reasonGame, “so you’re commanding a tank and a squad of soldiers, one of which is using a flamethrower, and we gave you these troops about a minute ago, is that correct?”Me ,” yes that is correct, and I thank you for giving me the tools to at least stand a chance against these French MG impalements and mortars, without at least the tank I don’t think I’d be able to stand a chance”Game,” here have these four troops, two have MP-18s and the others have Gewehr 98s”Me,” but the friendly AI are brain dead, if I can’t control at least the tank then I won’t be able to win.”Game,” and?”Me,” well … will you at least be aiding me in the attack?”Game,” nope, welcome to hell”Mission failed,” the operation was a failure, maybe next time you’ll figure out how to keep your soldiers alive long enough to at least get passed the first objective.”There are a lot more problems with the game, but I think I’ve ripped on it enough for today, I don’t hate this game and there are some fun missions, but that isn’t the point of this post, the point of this post is to reach the developers and try to get some of these main issues fixed, I know some of them come through these reviews so hopefully this one catches their attention.I had a bit more to this, but steam won't allow me to put the rest of it, maybe i'll post it later"
,Not Recommended,316430,22554112,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Trumpet,This used to come with maps and missions but they've got rid of all that and made it DLC? Once I would have whole-heartedly recommended this but not anymore.
76561198014050970,Recommended,316430,30241343,Posted: 28 February,all,Taco,"Note: As of this review, the cost of multiplayer + the Russian, French, British, German & Ottoman campaigns is 34,94€, in case you're woundering, although it could change later.TL;DR: A fun, but flawed RTS without base-building.Wall of text below:Like Men of War, but with gas:The game plays similarily to the Men of War franchise, but focused much more on large-scale infantry movements & the use of artillery. Automatic weapons & vehicles exist in this game, but are of limited quantity. To put things into perspective; there can be 2000 riflemen in a mission, but only 10 machineguns & maybe a tank. There are also artillery, rifle-grenades, mortars & flamethrowers in limited quantities, whom are essential at both attacking & defending entrenched positions.RNG Fire-fights:The game can be a unfair at times with it's shooting-mechanics. You mostly have riflemen, whom have a slow rate of fire, but typically kill in 1-2 shots. All infantry aim at enemy infantry individually & all have their own accuracy & chances to hit or miss for every shot, which mean that cover will only increase your chances of success, but far from guarantee it. At rare occasions you can lose fire-fights where you had both better cover & more men, which can be frustrating. You can however drastically shift the odds into your favour by spreading your units, creating kill-zones with barbed wire & building sand-bags & placing machine-guns, mortars, etc at key locations. That being said, I would not want any other system to be honest, as this feels authentic, whilst being fair most of the time.Melee:This game, like all other games that use the GEM engine, have a bad melee system, which doesn't fit a WWI game very well. People only melee if either they're given explicit orders to do so, or if they're so close to an enemy that they cannot fire their weapon because that person blocks them. It doesn't help that there's no ""mass melee"" order, so that you must order each individual soldier to melee a specific target, which is bonkers if you want to order 100 people to melee. However, due to the AI never issuing melee orders, you can ignore this poorly though-out feature in all missions except stealth missions, where you typically only have 1-5 soldiers.Destruction:The destruction in the GEM engine is amazing, it's been ever since S:HoWW2. You can destroy nearly everything you see, trees, buildings, vehicles, parts of buildings, parts of vehicles, bridges, the ground, nearly everything. Although breaking vehicles part by part is not as important in this game as in other GEM games, the system is still here. If you want to capture a vehicle you can shoot the driver (assuming it's physically possible), or you do things like destroy their tires/threads & then plant explosives next to it when it's stuck.Graphics:Outdated. As long as you don't zoom-in it looks OK, but once you zoom in it starts getting increasingly more gnarly. It's not puke-inducing, and can even be pretty at times, but generally suffer from poor poly-gon counts & a lack of detail in textures.Sound:Servicable. Some sounds are a bit bad, others OK, nothing exceptional. Same goes with voice acting.Historical Authenticity:I was never thaught anything about WWI throughout my 13 years of studying, except that there was one & people used gas. However, with the limited studying I've done myself it seems that the game is fairly historically accurrate, with a few things being out of order, like finding a MP-18 when the french are still using their red & blue uniforms. They do use things that people used during the war however, so you're not going to find entire companies equipped with SMGs & LMGs like in BF1, SMGs & LMGs are in fact pretty rare in this game.Gas für alle:Gas exist in this game, which is devestating if you ignore it. However, if you run away from it, you likely also run away from entrenched positions. There are gas masks however, which you are given in some missions.Horses:Are kinda broken. They can litterally run with artillery pieces attached to them & no one understands the concept of horse-back fighting.Missions:They vary drastically in every aspect. Some are great, some are bad, some have a lot of units, some have few, some have tanks, some don't, some you attack, some you defend, some you do both, etc. The missions are enjoyable overall, just make sure to play on NCO or Real-War difficulties, because difficulty doesn't scale well past the 2 ""balanced"" settings.Multiplayer:HOST! HOST! HOST! or get friends to play with, as there's a lot of salty losers who rage-quit the moment they get into a disadvantage, taking down the entire game with them. About half the multiplayer games I've played either the host rage-quitted or a large amount of players on one team rage-quitted. When people don't rage-quit it's a lot of fun though.Scale:The scale is amazing in some missions, with thusands of soldiers on each side, every single one having it's own AI, it's own inventory, it's own proffeciency with weapons, stealth, melee, etc. Having your men fire their rifles & machine-guns non-stop as hundreds of enemies charge your positions under artillery fire (or you under fire) is quite a spectacle. This is even cool in the missions you get to set up your own defenses & then recover between attacking waves & even have to counter-attack to re-take lost ground.Variety:There's as much as you can get in a WWI setting. Pistols, revolvers, bolt-action rifles, semi-automatic rifles, sub-machine-guns, machine-guns, anti-tank rifles, rifle-grenades, grenades, dynamite, airplanes (only call-in support), tanks, armored cars, trucks, boats, horses, field guns, mortars & gas. There's also several factions, all of which have their own equipment & uniforms, like Britain, Ottoman Empire, Germany, France, Russia, Austria-Hungary & Bulgaria.There's a lot you can say about this game, it's got a lot going both for & against it, so if you're into tactical RTSes without base-building & no cheap nonsensical ""powers"", this might be for you."
,Not Recommended,316430,23332231,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Paul Lefebvre,I preordered the game and was promised all of the campaigns as they continued to release.Only received the French and the Russian one.Enough said.
76561197982193495,Not Recommended,316430,25884788,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Private Jones,"The game is ok at best. What annoys me as being an early access buyer i dont get the complete game. The early access buyers which helped them out, have been ripped off by these scum bags. Then they give some bull**** story about informing us that we all knew what we were getting. Stay away from this company."
,Not Recommended,316430,18092865,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TossarN,Regret that I bought it. All I could say.
,Not Recommended,316430,19151796,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Angelusmortis,"When this first came out, I quiet liked it. It was a basic copy of the MoW series games, but it was still fun nonetheless. The voice acting was hillariously bad, but trench warfare and destroying the Hun!! Then just ever so recently I wanted to start playing it again. Buying it ages ago, I thought it would have been updated by now, with some new content, fixes, maps etc. Well, I was right....in a way... Checked out the DLC store to see what paid stuff there was for this because I would have liked to get all the achievements, and as Lana Kane says in Archer, ""Nnnnoooooopppeeeee!"" $30 for the rest of the Single Player? Are you kidding me? $15 for the Season Pass??? To say I was stunned is an understatement! It's just so sad to think that Best Way Soft has gone the way of Electronic Arts, and is charging a premium price for a product that should have been implemented into the core of the game as a patch (much like the Russian Campaign was at the beginning). They might as well be charging us $100 for HD horse d**k!"
,Not Recommended,316430,24325457,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Rarest Pepe,"This is quite possibly the worst strategy I've ever played. I've given it the benefit of the doubt, but I can't go any further in the game without wanting to take a sledgehammer to my PC.The AI in this game is abysmal. Want to throw a knife at someone but slightly out of range (and no way of telling your range without taking direct control)? Better not move closer, let's pull out our gun and shoot them, alert everyone.Getting shot at in the trenches and need to move? We're men, lets go over the top instead!Ah my greatest nemesis, a fence, let's all jump over it in the same position, except for the last two people who teleport behind the fence so you have to deselect the group, select those two and make them go over the fence.Square barbed wire traps on the ground near the trenches, don't run around them, don't crawl under them, run through them - take damage! We must secretly be German, because we're sure making it easy for them to kill us!Of course, the enemy AI is better. I can aim 10 mortars at places and not hit anything, but as soon as they are aware of my presence, they pull out their laser designators and hit me from satellites that I can't do anything about. Yes, even on Private.And my soldiers often have the aim of the guy on my team in CoD that goes 1-39. If the enemy is in a house, then it's pretty much easier to bomb it with artillery otherwise the war would be over by the time my soldiers actually hit the enemy.Ok, so enough about AI, what about the rest of the game.I'll give it bonus points for the campaign choice (well, if you shell out for the DLC of course). You get the Russians, French, Germans, British, and Tanks. Haven't tried the tanks yet, I rage quit on the British when the developers asked me to take somewhere with a timer, then do it again, and then do it again - except this time the enemy has the entire German artillery at its disposal and I can't get close enough in time.The graphics aren't really anything special, but they function. The destruction of buildings is nice.The sound design is awful. Specifically the voice acting. On the Russian campaign you have Russians who sound uninterested, and constantly mispronounce everything (saying reckon-ai-sance instead of reckoni-sance and 'barber wire'), not to mention loads of misspellings. I probably have some in the review, but I'm not selling my review. It makes it look extremely unprofessional.The French campaign reminded me of Assassin's Creed Unity in the sense that everyone was British.The German campaign made me think of how the officers spoke in the Galactic Empire in Star Wars. Overly British and overly evil. Then the Turkish came into play with an American voice actor who sounded really chipper. Like 'OH BOY OH BOY I'M IN A GAME', completely disregarding WW1. The same guy voiced the Russians.The British campaign had English people, a decent Scottish actor and I'm not sure about the Irish actor. However, this wouldn't be Battle of Empires if it were perfect - the Australians are also British. One voice actor tried to put an Australian accent on, but it wasn't really convincing.I've had numerous crashing problems with the game too. Hovering over a priest in the Russian campaign would crash the game. The French Campaign had a mission where it would crash upon load, as did the British campaign. I did enjoy a one off instance where a British artillery gun rolled across the map at a high speed, right into my troops. Looked like a plane on the map.Had bugs where my soldiers couldn't throw a grenade through an open door, where some shells didn't go off (might be a feature, but still infurating), where I click on an enemy to shoot them with a tank and the tank just sits there without moving (yes, it had ammo), where an enemy depot randomly blew up as I was cutting barbed wire next to it. It goes on.The missions seem really 'samey'. Stealth through here, scout this, destroy this, take these trenches and move up. Seemed to go on and on. Some missions really drag on too.The controls are so unintuitive, that it's embarrassing. Grouping your troops is the standard make a box and select them, but as far as I could tell, you can't assign them to a number for quick access. Edit - I was wrong, you can assign squads with shift+1, and use hotkeys 1-9 to select them. However, the numbers you assigned aren't displayed on the screen, so I hope you have a good memory. You still have to select them in the described way. Sometimes the game gives you a load of men to command, but you have to waste a load of time sorting it all out. You have to double click on the group to go to them, and there's no easy way of telling the location of what group you have selected other than actually finding them and looking at them. This makes it so hard to actually form a strategy of where to place them. They could have highlighted them on the map, could have let them have assigned numbers and show the numbers on the map. But no, we're stuck with this.All in all it's been an infuriating experience, with moments of entertainment. I spent a lot of the time swearing and wondering how the hell the AI could be so stupid. A WW1 strategy could be great, but this game has been ruined by utterly incompetent developers, developers that care more about bleeding money from consumers through DLC than actually putting in the work to make this game amazing.Avoid this game. If a friend buys it for you, disown them as a friend and beg Valve to remove it from your library."
76561198100239393,Recommended,316430,13354405,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rapid,"WW1 titles are rare, if you have been hoping for a good WW1 strategy then by all means, do get this game!"
,Not Recommended,316430,19934736,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SkillHunter,Buy Men of War because this game is just here to grab your money with tons of DLC's.
,Not Recommended,316430,31086563,Posted: 11 April,all,Haddock,"Greedy devs, they turned a mediorce game into a money grab, shutdown a mod creator in Men of War Assault Squad 2 for using their assets."
,Recommended,316430,13312565,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"Feels responsive and looks good. Eastern Europeans (Can't remember if they're out of Russia or Ukraine so please pardon my ignorance) doing french voice acting is pretty bad but can be disabled, the missions so far were pretty great, lots of infantry on a single map. Little to no grenades in early missions, must flank and be careful. Artillery and Mortars are broken atm (too accurate and crazy fast fire rates). This whole game is a 15$ package, and with that price and the concepts and the people behind it, really deserves your money and gratitiude. Keep it up bestway."
,Not Recommended,316430,17371113,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,GoofyNose,"Definitely not recommended-Poorly made missions in sometimes terrible maps-Awful cutscenes, look like a 2000 game-Terrible, terrible voice acting both in game and cutscenes-Text translation errors everywhere and voice actors speak terrible english-Lacks of content, 50% of the game is sold as a separate DLC-Has many bugs and problems linked to poor AI and troop movement-Looks like a poorly made reskin of MoW ASIt's a shame, the game idea is nice and the game in itself isn't terriblebut definitely not worth all the money they ask for, maybe 10 euro with all the DLCs includedPS: they will try to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you that separate DLCs is to allow you to buy the pieces you want according to your budget and playstyle or some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, terrible excuse...they can't even make good ones"
,Not Recommended,316430,22316890,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Semper Paratus,"Absolute scheisse. The voice acting is somewhere between poor and ""they probably paid homeless people to do it"". The French can't even attempt to sound French and mispronounce even the most basic words. Gameplay is incredibly sluggish due to the sheer amount of buttons and button combinations you have to go through to work anything. By the time you figure out how to mount a machine gun the German army has already taken Paris.Complete and utter tripe.If you want to spend hours trying to figure out controls and game mechanics for what is essentially a reskin of MoW: Assault Sqaud 2, go right ahead. Waste of my time and money."
76561198032714387,Recommended,316430,13417832,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,OttoVonBrak,"Positive:- you can realize your dream of being an irresponsibile WW1 commander and frontally charge MG positions with bayonet attached- same MOW engine, the old one, the smooth one :-)- Some new features are awesome: screen shakes after artillery strike and shrapnel granades for cannons- Units are well designed and it is clear that a lot of work has been put into the game- The game has  single player campaign, real campaign, not skirmishes- soldiers will die with a single rifle bullet if hitNegative:- multiplayer is not that populated and the enviroment is usal MOW one. Expect host rage, quitters and disconnections. Frontline is the only game mode which is ok for WW1.- WW1 can not give the same game deepness of WW2. Expect to have fun with the game but it will be soon repetitive.- there is no automatic way to set the same controls as MOWAS which is the most popular game of the brandI will update if something change as this is only early access review."
76561198123167906,Recommended,316430,32603401,Posted: 20 June,all,piershunt,"Interesting to see a Great War strategy game, and as you would expect it is very easy to get all your men killed really quickly. Micro management of units is key, which can make things pretty hectic in larger battles, and sometimes it just comes down to keeping your artillery and machine guns supplied with ammo and leaving most of your riflemen to hold their positions and die.The graphics aren't top of the range but it sill looks pretty good and the single player missions provide a nice mix of huge battles, small raids and stealth missions, and all the main protagonists of WW1 are represented. Good fun. The french campaign is especially good.On the downside, hand to hand combat is a bit clunky, so no bayonet charges, and your men can't fight at all from horseback. Also, either the trucks and armoured cars are really tough when it comes to going over obstacles or the tanks are really soft, but there doesn't seem to be much difference in the way they can move across the cratered battlefield.But these are minor qubbles. It's good."
76561198286082536,Recommended,316430,32763417,Posted: 25 June,all,High Lord Jarl Pastrami Human,"-Boot up a Trench warfare Freefight with a freind-Heavily fortifty my trenchline, looking out onto no mans land-Freind does the same-We occasioanly send squads of soldiers over the top to try to take eachothers trenches-They only ever get mowed down by machine gunfire at the half way point-We reach a unbreakable stalemate-Hundreds die for nothing10/10 for realism"
,Not Recommended,316430,16987240,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Der Alte Fritz,"I've been yearning for a WWI version of Men of War for a while now, and while this seems to be the best we have at the moment, it is still by no means fantastic. The models and skins range from good to absolutely awful (cough, cough Germans), the effects are mediocre (stuck in 2007), the sound effects are horrible (especially the voice acting), and one must pay separately for the British and German campaigns! Either the dev's need to get their $#!t together, or someone with the expertise needs to mod the hell out of this game. All in all, for being sold as a separate game, this is highly inferior in quality to all of the other MOW titles; it's basically a $20 slightly-above-average quality mod."
,Recommended,316430,13313207,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TheEtruscanTyrant,This game has a brilliant feel to it I'm only 3 missions in and I'm already in love with this game. Gameplay feels like men of war however they do a great with it and make it fit ww1 perfectly. 10/10 few bugs but it early access what do you expect.Now the Multiplyer is a whole different story I think my mutiplayer experience so far has had me drooling  the gamemode front lines is probably the best mutiplayer game mode possible. Nothing like it I always wished that when I played men of war that there would be a game mode like campaign missions but mutiplayer and both sides have to ability to call in reinforcements its like playing a campaign mission but with inteligent enemys. The premis is simple you either start with attacking or defending while the defender has to prepair defences the attacker has to prepair his attack force then the game starts and you have to invade or defend. The map is massive also and therefore the defenders have an abundance of defences to fall back apon. This was absolutly brilliant theres nothing like seeing a horde of English soldiers storm a dug in German defence.would therefore definatly reccomend that you buy this game it is well worth the money if you are into stratagy games.
,Not Recommended,316430,19661471,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Killer Cam,"I wont have to go in depth as many others already have but the confusing mess they have here on their store page is horrible. I bought it expecting a full game, as i try to play I find that I had bought only a partial game that appeared to be a full game, shows what i get for buying it too early, i guess its too hard to put out a full game in one piece that includes everything you expect"
76561198114453371,Not Recommended,316430,30953833,Posted: 4 April,all,Robert E Lee,"What the devs did to this game is criminal. they broke it up to get more money, after selling people the full game. also on a side note the pathfinding is crappy and tanks were overpowered before you had to buy them, now they are just as strong for even more money."
76561198025301882,Not Recommended,316430,23543156,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,brucemc,"i can't believe that they have ruined yet another game. we play games to enjoy them, when are these idiot programmers going to understand this BASIC point? this game could have been so good, but no, these money grabbing soulless muppets have proven yet again they could'nt give a flying f**k for you or the game they propose to have created. Read the sh** they claim the game is, then try and play it. you lying buch of c**ts. Once again it's up to the community of HUMAN BEINGS who play the game to make it better. thats if they decide to tell you how the mods work! this is game is simply not playable, you spend more time waiting for it to load than you do playing it."
,Recommended,316430,13310974,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Gordon,"So far, this is the best ground level WWI RTS around."
,Not Recommended,316430,22415718,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Simon1279™,"Worst DLC politics of all times made this game definitely bad, i bought it on early access giving my money on a very early version to support the devs and i just got the french campaign and now mess on mess they're selling a deluxe edition which should have been the one for thanksgiving early access players, i really hate this CA/SEGA style politics so no way and the game is not worth all of the moneys they're actually asking"
76561198155882962,Not Recommended,316430,22351752,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Comrade Bear,"The gameplay is nice, but it's basically a mod, and I hate the fact that you need to purchase the singleplayer and the multiplayer on there own."
76561198076620993,Not Recommended,316430,19653133,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,╬✠☭ Jäger ☭✠╬,only buy this ♥♥♥♥in money grabbing game if you have the cash to spend $7.00 for a single campagin that shouldnt even be paid for but these dumbasses decied to give you the middle finger and shove it right your♥♥♥♥♥
76561198073432294,Not Recommended,316430,29515878,Posted: 26 January,all,Damian,Battle of Empires was first a mod.. and should of stayed a mod. The game is not worth your time and money.
,Recommended,316430,31005393,Posted: 7 April,all,mac3na3na,"First off this game is amazing in Multiplayer, Sadly I cannot say the same for the campaign which is lackluster and boring at sometimes, however when you join in a multiplayer game with people who like tactics and strategy then the fun starts.This is a WW1 RTS not Men at Arms Assualt squad 2 you cannot simply buy a tank and expect to win with it, in this game the artillery is unforgiving and if you play against a player who knows what he is doing then you have to step up your game quite a bit. Now for Suggestions:Add Offline Bot VS Me without online playersAdd a campaign which all the characters have a connection and the climax at the endAdd italy as a free faction note I said FREEAdd Bulgaria and Serbia and all other Balkan Nations as Free DLCAdd more units for FranceExpand on Austro-Hungarian Vechiles, I don't want to use a crappy armoured car. Keep in mind they had some tanks.Make the editor more usable by puting premade maps for us to load so I don't need to go through the Workshop to find oneAnd the best one for last Remove ANZACS for britain and add a Australia and New Zealand faction and The British Raj.I wish the best for this game and hope the developers listen to what I'm suggesting."
,Recommended,316430,13595689,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Asdam,"Well, after waiting years for the release of this game, I finally had the chance to play it.It was initially a mod, and now it's... this.Pros:- Historical accuracy.- Well-designed levels- Combat immersion- One of the few WW1 games that are actually any good.- You can charge huge masses of infantry at machine guns and cannons.- You can also anihilate hundreds of people when the enemy throws a similar charge at YOUR positions.Cons:- Well, it's the same old MoW, with all its' flaws. The AI doesn't seem as annoying as in other games based on this engine, but it's still... not stellar.- For some, the graphics might not be enough, though they are more than sufficient for me.- You can't give commands to more than 8 infantry units at a time. This problem exists with all of the MoW games, but this is the only one in which you give orders to huge masses of infantry on daily basis. And so, it might be a slight problem at times.- Minor bugs that will surely be fixed once it's out of Early Access.If you've been waiting for a WW1 RTS for a long time, as I did, this is a game for you. It's not a polished AAA gem, but it's a good game nevertheless. Especially when you take into consideration that it is the first commercial project of a small studio. If you're somehow new to the genre(and, given that you're reading this, I doubt that), I would  rather recommend chosing one of the more popular, well-acclaimed games in this genre."
76561198055934073,Not Recommended,316430,17050848,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,FIELDMARSHALL CREIGHTON,i love the game but thats is bullcrap that you have to pay for a dlc which includes a british and german campaign. B.S B.S i tell you B.S! i want to make a petiton and the petiton being that the season pass and blazing guns come with the game free of charge. all in favor please like my comment. i love the game but thats a load of B.S! you guys said orignally you guys would update the game and the game updates would give us more campaigns. it doesnt make any sense to make a dlc with 2 other campaigns and then charge money for them when you said orignally more campagins would be comming when you made updates. how come you only did that to the Russian campaign?
,Not Recommended,316430,23733250,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dark Angel Marine #930,although this game is fun it is overselling DLC's and the multiplayer only does not have editor which is really sad.
,Not Recommended,316430,24368779,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fuck S͘team,"this game could have been good but unfortunately it absolutely sucks.nobody plays multiplayer, the campaigns are really really stupid and the editor is ♥♥♥♥ed up. there's absolutely zero replay value. i bet someone could make a mod for men of war that would be far superior to this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥they also ripped me off. i supported this game in early access being promised that i'd get the full game when it came out. instead they gave me two campaigns, france and russia, and then said if i wanted to play as england or germany i had to give them 12 dollars. no thank you scam artists. shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198006642098,Not Recommended,316430,23151825,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KaiserMarx,"The base game contains neither any substantial Singleplayer nor Multiplayer; both of which must be bought as ""DLC""... Fans of World War One look elsewhere... I guess... We've been let down once again. Another incomplete WWI game with so much potential and no follow through."
,Not Recommended,316430,22845961,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mare_Liberum,"I had such high hopes for this game.  The graphics looked nice, the gameplay looked interesting... but when I actually started to play it, I found it was a nightmare.  The game lacks so much in polishing that it feels more like a mod that some new programmer made as his first mod.  The voice acting is atrocious, so bad that it distracts from the game.  Every voice actor has a THICK Russian accent- even the British and French.  They also say things like ""FOR THE MOTHERLAND!!"" as they storm the enemy trenches.  The objectives are so poorly stated and vague, you can have your men wandering around the entire map for hours until you just happen to walk to a certain spot, or explode something in just the right way for the game to trigger a ""cinematic"" to move the game along.  If they had polished this game by getting professional voice actors who can free themselves from their native language's accent, actually put the time in to make quality missions with clear objectives, and rid the game of debilitating bugs, then this game would have been worth the buy.  But as it is, it is atrociously bad.  Don't waste your money."
76561198079150731,Not Recommended,316430,19860656,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Autismo,"I bought this game hile it was in early acess and i was promised 4 campaigns (French,British,Russian and German) but in reality all I and anybody else got was 20 missions, only 2 campaigns and no tanks. you pay £15 for 1/4 of the game in  order to get the full game you have to pay another £30 they have broken every promise. now to be fair it is a good game for a couple of hours, but you should not waste your money you should just buy MOW(men of war) insted, each mission on MOW last aound an hour on easy difficulty when in battle of empires the hole game only lasts around 6 hours on normal difficulty. to sum up don't waste your money on this crap just buy MOW(Men Of War)"
,Recommended,316430,13310407,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,XenoMorph,"Well i do think this game is very good and i enjoy it so muchthe men of war engine is just perfect for this game and i cannot wait until more updates come along to make this game even betterIf you are thinking about buying this game get it its worth the money with the campaign being good for the little amount you have and the multiplayer is funAlthough i would reccomend waiting for atleast a month before you buy this game give it some time to get some more updates for the campaign.Although I have not found any bugs with this game so far which is very good for a early access gameI have reccomanded this game to my friends and to you.ONE POINTto add i will say when i bought this game I expected their to be more epic back and forth mass trench line campagin i was slightly dissapinted their are a few missions where i think to myself. ""Whats the point I dont give a crap about this I WANNA SEE EXPLOSIONS AND MASS CHARGES""their are a few moments like that but still its nice to see a a mixture."
76561198122816188,Recommended,316430,13633981,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Whiteyboi,"Excellent. I've been waiting for this game since the day I saw the concept trailer. Essentially I have been waiting for a game like this since I was just a little historian. In the midst of the chaos and carnage of the game I actually found myself pausing or exiting the session because I was so jaw-dropped at how horrific war is; feeling morally uncomfortable with a game (unless naturally we're speaking of ""This War of Mine"") is a first for me.Graphics are some of the best in the business in my opinion. Contends with, if not better then Men of War. Think Jagged Alliance: Crossfire but extensively smoother then any Jagged Alliance game. When the artillery hits the enemy you're almost always compelled to give a long straught exhale to the poor lads on the recieving end of the shell.I'm really hoping for a add-on of Canadian troops within British/Commonwealth forces (I see a Russian flag in the game logo as well, I think that speaks for itself). Looking forward to seeing if this game reaches the potential it has.10/10 recommended to all stratagy wiz's and those wishing to know a little more about the horrific catastrophe known as World War One."
76561198082286024,Not Recommended,316430,25774108,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lytn. Koač [137th GAR],"The only reason I bought this game is so that I could play Totaler Krieg mod, but they released a new update (update 1.1) that caused it to be incompatible. The game itself however (not that I had any expectations for it) was crap, and the ranges and accuracy of the weapons made me want to regurgitate all over my keyboard; THEY'RE AS ACCURATE AS A MUSKET AT BEST!!! And of course it's a copy of another game in a different setting made for profit. The prices of the DLC's are absolutely ridiculous... need I say more?"
,Recommended,316430,13401096,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Shadow,"First impressions - a vast game very similar to Men of War. If you like Men of War, then you'll enjoy this WW1 adaptation.  As of right now, I recommend this game to people who enjoy strategy, WW1, or other war games.  I believe you'll find it worth the $15."
,Recommended,316430,13469858,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[0 Coy] Rare BANZAI!,Game is fantistic. Awesome for a early access Game. This game users The same Engine(I think) As man of war. Game is abit tricky to start off with. But when you get the Hang of it. Becomes lots of Fun. The only thing its missing is trading cards hehe. But other then that I would Give it a 8/10
,Not Recommended,316430,24523716,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,HABS,"Battle of Empire: 1914-1918 (BoE for short) is the latest GEM based game to come out. It is also unique because unlike previous Men of War like incarnations, BoE's setting is World War 1, a segment of history largely ignored my pretty much every video game genre. I had been waiting for a game like this for many years as I am facinated by WW1, so when BoE made it's debue on steam greenlight, I was all too pleased to upvote it. Unfortunately, when the game came to Steam, it was a huge disapointment for myself and other buyers of the game.The only good thing that I can say about this game is the fact that it is based in WW1, and thats about it, the rest of it is mediocre to pure garbage. This was originally a mod for Men of War and still uses the old outdated GEM engine from 10 years ago with no apparent upgrades meaning it looks like trash. However, even with using the old GEM engine, this game still manages to feel like a mod that you have to pay for, it would have made more sense to make it a mod addon for Men of War then a stand alone game. (ie. Great War Mod for Company of Heroes) I would almost say comparing this to a mod is an insult to modders everywhere who can make a better product for free, than this dev team can with our money.The models and textures very in quality, some being ""okay"" while others look like they are unfinished and came straight from the blender, it's actually pretty sad. The voice acting is just awful, period. Once again, mods have done better voice acting. The AI is still dumb as ♥♥♥♥ like other MoW titles with the added bonus of having to control them with the odd controls the original MoW had.TL;DR: It's a reskin of MoW that has the quality of a mod, and the devs are greedy scum bags. (P.S its filled with bugs)I give this thing a 2/10Don't buy it full Price. Don't buy any of their ""Flexible Purchases"". Don't buy it on sale, even if its 2 cents because you can  find a mod for free that serves the same purpose, for free."
76561198065931408,Not Recommended,316430,33099200,Posted: 1 July,all,Madman,"This standalone doesn't hold a candle to Men of War: Assault Squad 2, at all. It's like Men of War: Vietnam. Great idea, but no content and no worth to play. I mentioned in the Skirmish DLC review that they should just let the WWI mod go back up for Assault Squad 2, because this is bare bones, contentless waste of money. Glad I got all the DLC included, because they really add nothing to the game. Multiplayer is beyond dead and there's no capture zones with AI to play against, what I spend most of my time playing in MoW: AS2. Do not buy, unless you want a bare bones with the marrow sucked out with little to no content."
76561198144480166,Not Recommended,316430,26111661,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,Edit: Not gonna change rating butI'm an idiot for complaining since i apparently bought the multiplayer only version of this game
76561198078476091,Recommended,316430,13320723,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,History,such great game if you love men of war you will love this if you love  ww1 you will love this it just such a awsome game :))))
76561198086900309,Recommended,316430,16152825,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Izumi Shimomura,"Do not regretted 700 rub., The game is just nuts! For a long time this was looking like to cherish every soldier! The graphics on the height, the gameplay too. Once again, thank you!AFTER REVISIONThank you for Tank campaign ""Blazing Guns"", very much, although more missions would be desirable. And just perfect for the DLC great game. MK 10 1 of 10 tanks.Also thanks for the complement MP Pack 2! For a long time waiting for him in order to be able to play in multiplayer NORMALLY! 10 playable servers 10.Buy? Single-valued YES.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Не пожалел 700 руб., игра просто конфетка! Давно такую искал, чтоб хотелось каждого солдата беречь! Графика на высоте, геймплей тоже. Ещё раз спасибо вам!ПОСЛЕ РЕДАКЦИИСпасибо вам за Танковую кампанию ""Blazing Guns"", очень понравилась, правда миссий побольше хотелось бы. А так просто прекрасное DLC для замечательной игры. 10 танков MK 1 из 10.Также спасибо за дополнение MP Pack 2! Очень долго ожидал его для того, чтобы можно было НОРМАЛЬНО поиграть в мультиплеере! 10 играбельных серверов из 10.Покупать?-ОДНОЗНАЧНО ДА."
,Recommended,316430,13333615,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Buddha Fett,"Early Access Review:After noticing this the day of release I was grabbed from the start.WW1 RTS? Actual use of trenches?! (Unheard of in most WW1 games, besides Verdun also check that out too!) TANKS?So far this game has everything that a WW1 RTS needs. Besides the community, which is steadily growing since release, (say 12 full games last evening), glad to also see the devs responding on discussions and also having a planned roadmap (unlike most early access reviews).Pros:Traditional Men of War gamestyle, ""If it aint broke dont fix it"" is applied very well here. The engine is well built so no major bugs or game breaking glitches found since the engine has been out for a while.Well detail maps and models, From the rivets on the tanks to the boards in the trenches the game is very well detailed to keep you immersed in the WW1 world. Though I can tell there will be graphical updates in the future.Still tactical multiplayer, Most of WW1 was mass-infantry charges right after artillery barrages. Which isnt much of a tactic. But with the Men of War engine you have to probe your enemies trenches for weakspots, find out where their arty is before yours (arty is god in WW1), Then when you actually get men into the trenches you have to worry about moving your soldiers through them without getting shot (as much). But still hold true to the WW1 mechanics (still see those glorious infantry charges, and artillery barrages, without losing most of your forces)Cons:Lag, still tends to ""come up"" with a player who tends to have a computer that says ""no"", first two games were dropped since the client was lost. But that only happened with people 2000+ miles from me (-5 GMT)First mission is a bloodbath, almost instantly your men get off the train theres a hailfire of artillery and gunfire coming towards your men, prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥Editor would be nice! (I can see its coming though so no rush there)More maps! Maybe add steam workshop support? Community Maps? Potential is great here.Other than that the game is great and I reccomend any WW1/RTS buff and all friends to get this!8/10"
76561198079436548,Recommended,316430,13324863,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Fraustratedcheese,This game is fun but still as a long way to go the troops are a little bit buggy at times when you tell them to hold their fire they fire anyway and you can not grab more then one squad at once
76561198119619355,Not Recommended,316430,29417126,Posted: 22 January,all,jamesmlong4,gotta buy single and online and missions BS FU
76561198009302007,Not Recommended,316430,29869281,Posted: 12 February,all,DeadPixels,"Unit pathing is god awful, AI is braindead, voice acting is terrible and the missions are very poorly designed and to put a cherry on top there's a spreadsheet for dlc. Don't by this game if you really want to play a WW1 RTS get Napoleon Total  War on sale any download the great war mod. Please do not give these incompentent devs your hard earned cash."
76561198152499229,Not Recommended,316430,28555512,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jonycabral1,"Im going to be as short as i can-Bad Intrepertation of text (voice)-Poorly design battle's History-Most of the missions doenst feel like ww1 at all-Very hard to understand how to fight agains bots in multyplayer (still dont know if we can)-You arent even allowed to use the missions and make a custom one-Dlc is just a scheme-REal price of the game is more than than waht they say, to be a somewaht playable game, you must buy the dlcs-You will loose fun very rapidlyOne of my worst regrets, i have uninstalled it already"
,Not Recommended,316430,26690303,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Búri,"Total garbage, don't get me wrong at first i did actually enjoy playing the game. Until the devs didnt bother updating anything and the only way of getting new conent is by DLC, which is overpriced as ♥♥♥♥, and now the devs has left the game to die while they keep the money."
76561198035739673,Recommended,316430,13603281,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mamma Duck,Has amazing campaign and textures but the multiplayer feels like mow
76561198010909126,Recommended,316430,13895055,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dobermann(HUN),"First of all: Wow!!! This game is amazing and woth every penny to spend to it! I follow the mod since the early beginning 4 years ago, so I really wanted to get it! So about bugs and glitches:campaign: The only bug I encountered is a sound bug: there is a conversation in the mission in fort waux which says ""there must be another route to exit the fort"" or such. Well this díalogue somehow bugged and repeated several times not only in that mission, but in the followings also (when I zoomed I could heared it)editor: Most of my playtime I spent with the editor and there are several bugs there. First of all about the instantly crash things: all 3 armenian soldiers, the opel tented truck, the grey austro-hungarian helmet and some other items causes the game immediately crash, not even spoke of the things left from men of war, which also causes crash, like helmets, weapons, skins etc.so far about bugs.some advice: as a hungarian, I inspected the Austro-Hungarian army to give you some infos about what to change. First of all, the skins are beautiful, but there are some minor problems: austro-hungarian soldiers at that time wore mustaches, so most appropriate would be to do same faces as kaiserjägers. It would be nice to add more sounds for them, not only german, but hungarian and a slavic one also. I read that you are planning to add AH to multiplayer, which is a good decision. If I can suggest something, if u think about an elite squad, there should be bosnian troops (like highlander in britain)Some other requests: As many others, I would like to have all the campaign and multiplayer maps in editor, I thinks this is not a big deal. I would like to ask about the mustard gas shells, I see there is a damage, called mustard gas, but it did not work, just it is same as a normal explosion. It would be nice to add mustard gas shells to cannons also and explain how it works in editor. I also dont understand, why you removed BAR from the game, it saw minor battles in 1918 so it should be in editor at least. I miss the famous Gotha bomber from german side, If it is not in the singleplayer you should add is to the editorIf you have any questions about austro-hungarian army or need some help, you can count on me!! ;)Wish all the bests from Hungary!! And a happy new year to you!"
76561198051932525,Recommended,316430,13384230,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ClockworkDaniel,"this game is awesome. has a good storyline. but at the mission ""fort"" when i send my men to the passage, it says missions fails before i can send my men to clear out the fort. even if i clear it out before i send my men to the passage, by men and bombs already in the fort. then it says mission failed. even if the fort was already empty. maybe in the next update it can fix it.  sorry for the complaint, still a great game."
,Recommended,316430,13315529,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,EboleleleleleXD,men of war in ww1? ♥♥♥♥ yea
,Not Recommended,316430,22727407,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MapSimulatorEnthusiast,"DLC mess. Supposed to be early access, but I guess they decided to auction of every part of the game seperately after paying for the whole game. Game is terrible anyway and running on ancient Men Of War."
,Not Recommended,316430,23242219,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BottomFeeder,"Great game, ruined by poor path finding and abysmal UI and controlls. The controlls can be managed but the path finding is insurmountably poor. Everything else about the game is strangely quite good, with partial exception to the voice acting which is so bad its funny; which i suppose is good in it's own way.My review isn't a hard no but a soft one. If poor but operating UI pathfinding and controls don't bother you your all good, its a cheap buy."
76561198074124785,Not Recommended,316430,18930975,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hanz Guvenschmitz,"SEASON PASS AWWW YEEEH,  worse than COH2 DLC. I don't care how good the product is. This DLC is insane. And so is every Men of war title that is coming out. DLC DLC DLC.Battle of Empires, Men of war AS2 , Men of war AS1,  and all these mods that are becoming full games and expect $30 for a few models and weps with tanks (Tweaking   USING THE SAME ENGINE!  (Ahem : Gates to hell, Call to arms, Battle of empires.)Reminds me of paid mods like Skyrim.Stick to AS2 and find some mods that are similar and won't charge you $100 in DLC. An actual modding community won't charge you money for half the mod or to greenlight the mod just to sell it for $30Edit: They also Censor/ban you on the forums if you complain and just call you wrong without anything backing it up."
76561198008055840,Not Recommended,316430,24062859,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SaltySox,$$$$$ Greedy Devs $$$$$
,Recommended,316430,13371650,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,sotha chill,"A very good game, if sorely lacking in variety. I wish the german infantry in multiplayer didn't have pikelhaulbes considering that in multiplayer everything seems to be late-war, and the French aren't wearing red trousers anymore. Very satisfying see WW1 tactics working well in MP games."
76561198063824871,Recommended,316430,14394880,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Roderick ''Blutbad'' Feldrank,"Battle of Empires : 1914-1918 is a World War One strategy game currently in Early Access.Based on the Men of War series engine, you will be tasked to lead your forces in some of the bloodiest battles of the conflict. For the moment, only the French campaign has been released though others will follow such as with the German and Russian Empires.In Multiplayer you can choose several nations to play with and this in several mod ( such as Control where you have to hold flags to win points, Combat where you simply have to destroy the enemy without perticular objective,...Etc ).I bought this game day one and must congratulate the devs for a quite smooth release ( at least for me ). There has not been any major bug that ruined my game or broke it. Patches are quite frequent and the devs seem to be working a lot on improving everything.Good points :- If you like the MoW gameplay, you will like the game ( micromanaging units, ammo, ...Etc )- Detailed units and uniforms. There are plenty of several units for each nation. Tanks, artillery, machine-guns, colonial troops,...Etc-Detailed maps in the campaign. Some of the maps are very well done such as the fort in the French campaign. Impressive!- Various game modes in Multiplayer ensure good replayability.- Many missions per campaign and more campaigns to come.- Some missions can be done different ways ( stealth or berserk )- An editor included in the gameBad points or things that need to be changed/improved- The voice acting : I'm not holding that too much against the devs. It's early access and having the people and ressources to record in several languages may not be easy! However it seem that they will change the voice acting in some parts which is good.- Some sounds! THough there are sounds that are very well done, some rifle and or machine guns could be better.Anyway, I recommand this game, it is really good and will only improve over time!"
76561198061174820,Recommended,316430,14153217,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Buddy™,"This game is very fun. If you like any of the MoW games then you will enjoy this. You play as the French through very fun missions. This game take place during WW1. The single player part of the game is very fun, but the online part is much more fun. This game is very enjoyable and I hope they add more missions to the campaign.(Like a British or German campaign)."
,Recommended,316430,15902275,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,The Roman Republic,"If you like the Men of War series then you'll like this, using the same engine but set in the First World War. Great work and continuous development plus new and up coming mods for the game.Recommend - 8/10-Need work on atmospheric setting - sounds, music, effects-Multiplayer activity is rather low, but as time goes on and the game gets more attention I'm sure that will improve."
,Recommended,316430,13373598,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Uwe,"Way more fun than it lets off from the steam store's images and videos. A lot of potential and am really looking forward to the modding that can happen with a game like this.If I had to describe the gameplay, it'd be like a ""Real Time Tactical Top-Down Squad-based Strategy"" game, a genre-blending mixture of games that is hard to define. It's definitely not competitively multiplayer however this is certainly not a selling point for this game and nor should it.If you like WWI and wish there were more games that encompass (in my opinion) the most overlooked era in European history, where you wish a video game existed to get your historical rocks off, this is for you.I've had loads of fun playing with my roommate and fellow nerd via the variety of multiplayer network game modes.In short, a niche, promising, satisfying and thoroughly enjoyable game that does justice to the as-of-yet-unexplored ""World War I"" video games.If World War I is your thing, Verdun is a FPS take on the era and is also enjoyable (but also not for everyone)"
76561198158243703,Recommended,316430,13602235,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Redfish9001,"It's hard but once you get the basics, it is highly adictive. Also the cutscences, squad systems and setups, and mini cutscenes are really good for a low-budget indie game. I recommend this game for those seeking hard yet fun strategy games. Possibley one of the best indie games I this year. Get the game now. :)"
76561198011965591,Not Recommended,316430,15524424,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Koen,"I like the game, but is it worth 23 euros?No, it isn't. The mod only includes 2 campaigns, and they aren't even that long.I can buy the whole age of empires 3 collection for 23 euros, and have much more/longer fun.Good game, but far too expensive"
76561197970544858,Not Recommended,316430,22841256,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Shocks,"This game has potential but was sold on early access. It seems before the game is finished they want more money. It seems like a cynical attempt to extort funds under what the claim is a flexible business model. Forget it, the game is ok only and the may they try to monitise every add on is cynical. This isnt that polished a game."
,Recommended,316430,13411381,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BIG RUSSIAN MAN WITH BIG DICK,"Battle of Empires is a very neat twist on the Men of War series. Its a nice change of pace from MoW. I do wish they would have used the MoWAS engine just because of the graphics and overall optimization but its still great fun. Once the full game comes out it will be even better with all the nations.The only con i have thus far is the machine gun noises are terrible. Besides that, the game sounds great and plays fantastic.9.5/10 as an early access game."
76561198056415712,Recommended,316430,13373086,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,santaofdeath,"If you want to just read my original review, scroll down to the bottom.  If you want to know the evolution of my thoughts on this game, read my edits, which have been placed at the top, since they are probably more relevant.  If you want a summary: the game is solid but the marketing is atrocious.EDIT: 10/24/2015While I continue to stand by my original rating of the game, as it has solid gameplay and is all around excellent missions, I have to edit my statement on the DLC policy of the developers.  When I had talked of the DLC problem in August, the total cost of the game with all DLC put together was about $40.  Today, the total cost of DLC is over $70.  Although you can still get the whole game by dropping $30 on the Complete Single Player campaign and add the DLC Season Pass for another $15, for a cost of $45 total.  That being said, I would not be surprised if coming down the pipe is another set of DLC that will cost another $15 for a limited set of content.  I am incerasingly worried that the developers are following the Payday 2 development model.  Despite their best efforts to market the game as poorly and arogantly as possible, they have built a rather nice game which I hope survives their best efforts to destroy it.EDIT: 8/5/2015As many of you noticed, the company is trying to milk all that is worth out of this game by excessive DLC.  While this is clearly an attempt to rip you off, it is not nearly as bad as you think.  The DLC is only single player campaigns and does not affect multiplayer.  Given that the purpose should not be the single player, you can get away with purchasing the base game and enjoy the multiplayer.  All you lose out on are some glitchy single player missions.  (To be fair, I thought the voice acting and mission scripting was much better than original MoW and I am very much annoyed that as an Alpha buyer I was not given my money's worth for having dropped $15 on the game. That being said, I stand behind my original review of this game.  Terrible sales techniques do not change the solid gameplay.)Original Review:  From Early Access stageSure it is basically Men of War set in the First World War, but it is so much better.  It is asthetically improved and the voice acting is comparatively excellent.  Gameplay is a mix of small unit tactics and massive frontal charges where everyone dies, so you don't have to constantly be bothered by traditional MoW micro management.  Historically accurate references abound throughout the missions and the attention to detail makes this a must for anyone who appreciates the history of the war.  The journal entries give meaning to the campaign missions, so you can enjoy the cast of characters that appear through the missions.  The complexity of the missions really gives the player a sense of how much effort the dev team put into the game.  The player is also made aware of how much this dev team cares about their game.So in short, its like Men of War but a heck of a lot better because it has a story, it has a dedicated dev team who cares about the quality of the product, and its the First World War.You want to talk about multiplayer? Stop asking questions and just charge the machine guns already!10/10"
76561198098209856,Recommended,316430,32882650,Posted: 27 June,all,magnusonellis,"Pros:1 9 1 4 - 1 9 1 8A E S T H E T I C CGun Jesus would approveCons: clunky controls and AInot a super value, even when on saleI've seen lots of negative reviews about this game, claiming that it's buggy and doesn't work or isn't fun. Horse s(hit). I've played this game on a crappy $250 laptop and it plays well with out any hangups. Maybe it's a fluke, maybe it's Maybelline. I have fun but I'm also easily entertained.Units are a little clunky. I tell them to run in the trench to another section within the trench and they'll climb out over-the-top and run parallel to the trench. They get shot to s(hit). So you will need to micromanage everything if you want your dudes to survive.Now, In the negative reviews, I've seen people talk about how the devs made it a cash grab. I have to agree, despite mostly enjoying the game, I hate to see this kind of stuff in the industry. I think I bought the game and all the DLC about a year ago for $15. Not terrible but not a hot deal, especially with the $30.00 regular price.It's just too much to pay for what you get and the controls aren't as smooth as say, Company of Heroes or Men of War. But because it's basically a standalone WWI version of those games, I definitely recomend it. Buy it only on sale, and only if you love Gun Jesus and have accepted Him into your 8mm chamber and if you absolutely have to have that1 9 1 4 - 1 9 1 8A E S T H E T I C C"
,Recommended,316430,13617873,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Light-Knight,Good game
76561197996637906,Recommended,316430,13358332,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,OzWally,BoE WW1 is a good game have no issue and pretty much bug free.Get this for Christmas.Thumbs up.
76561198041132320,Recommended,316430,13339349,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Justbodies0311,Still being improved. So far looks promising.UPDATE: December 17Drove my tank into a German trench. They fled in fear into my supporting infantry. Awesome!10/10
76561197969451117,Recommended,316430,13941317,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Smokey,"Really good WW1 MoW!I have played Men of War since it began over 13 years ago with Soldiers Heroes of WW2. I own every MoW game, including those I wish I hadnt bought like Vietnam and Condemned Heroes.Battle of Empires 1914-1918 started as a mod and now has gone commercial.I think WW1 is a difficult period to tackle with RTS and there are very few for that reason. The MoW engine is perfectly suited to it though and the features of this game such as horses to tow artillery are well implemented. Graphically it is dated but I always find MoW is strong on gameplay and tactics. This game is no exception and I think this is also down to really enjoyable SP campaign.I have honestly missed the SP campaigns from MOW since Assault Squad focusses on more linear skirmish. It is also enjoyable played Co Op.Highly recommended even in early access. If you can forgive the voice acting and graphically outdated engine, then this is a top RTS set in WW1 that oozes atmosphere and tactics."
,Recommended,316430,15334355,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,«DeepCoverAka187»,"I don't like men of war, but i do love this game ! Best World War 1 game i know.Stealth mission are hard but cool.Coop campaign is awesome and fun to play with a friend.Realistic.Kind developers, taking care of the game.Good translation.Graphics, they maybe look old but they are not.You should take this game if you like WW1 game and RTS."
,Recommended,316430,34850479,Posted: 9 September,all,Mirko,I like this game for some reasons.PROSIf you can't run mowas 2 this game has a mod of ww2 that you will surely run ;)The whole game (DLC included) is 9.99 in a sale.Real fun to play with friends. I can surely say that with this game I knew awesome people wich are now my friends. (Easy to get friends with this gameThe Developers didn't gave up on this gameConsLots of dlc'sVanilla servers are pretty deadIf you're an mowas player the controls will be inverted (can change tho)Russians with high ping
,Recommended,316430,35052408,Posted: 18 September,all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/WTYHyFeiqekDespite the hours I have played this game for, it is fair to say this game does have a lot of rough edges. The voice acting for one is especially dire.So in typical MoW fashion you can control all manner of troops, guns and tanks as well as the inventory managment down to individual soldiers. The mpas as ever are quite large and detailed and pretty much everything is destructible. And whilst the graphics, animations and sound are all pretty decent, the game is bugged with the same issues as other games in the men of war series.Mainly pathfinding and AI issues. So yes the enemy AI on a field gun will still wreck your tanks with out any problem, your own AI manages to miss enemy tanks even when the directtly in front of them. And yes trying to get your soldiers from A to B is like herding cats. And yes there are times when you will need to save scum like mad to achieve certain objectives.Other frustrations include trying to build defenses and squad managment. Well bascially there is no real squad managment as things tend to go south pretty quickly leaving you with troops and odd units all over the maps. Same with defense building there is simply not enough time to ever really utilise the tools given effecttivly.The game also suffers from some technical bugs such as campaigns that cannot be completed, or sometmes events not triggering until you reload and replay the mission a few times.So basically if your a sucker for punishment like me and you like the MoW series, and linterested in the WW1 setting then this is worth a look. And if you buy the full deluxe version then you do at least get a lot of campaigns for the money (if they don't bug out). If your on the fence I really recommend waiting for a steam sale.If you don't like the MoW series then this will not change your mind. It will just remind you why you hate those games in the first place."
76561198046196597,Recommended,316430,13772197,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Seu amigo Moldura,"This game wont let you sleep, eat or even bath, its so exciting to the point of getting an erection."
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,316430,25069129,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Scorpio,"Utter TrashIf you played Vietnam men of war, the editor in this one is just as broke and crashes alot,with the same problems,men just stand and get shot...just trash.Only 2 men of war that are garbage imo.Gonna see if i can get a refund on this one as it is a waste of 35 bucks."
76561198056884732,Not Recommended,316430,19860349,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Schnick,Good base game but all of the promises they made as content is now paid dlc. I wanted my German Campaign but now I need to pay for it. This game as originally a mod of men of war which became standalone and this is now more expensive than it.
,Recommended,316430,25111534,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,✪ P r o v o,"Im pretty sure this is a mod for Men of War late 2010 with the same name and same concept (i first found this in moddb)pros-WW 1-game editor-modablecons-the trenches are more likely as used in WW 2 wich is it just a cover not as dogout system or a shelter (i think ""no man's land"" are impossible here)so far 6/10"
76561198157529158,Not Recommended,316430,22330195,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,S. Compton,Stoll my money then when a whole cummunity disagreeed with them makingg what we were promised dlc they banned me and the once who felt betrayed from forums  zIgn -9000/10
,Recommended,316430,24460882,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,V1SH3NG3L,"Nice WW1 version of Men of War, just like the Men of War series loaded with great gameplay and great multiplayer battles."
,Recommended,316430,14798341,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,zeebzo,A good World War One RTS made in the Men of War engine.
,Recommended,316430,21854534,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,LinuxGamer1920,"A Men of War mod turned standalone, Battle of Empires uses MoW gameplay styles to tell a narrative of the destructive First World War across multiple fronts, returning to the original MoW campaign formula of scripted, story missions.This is Great War Team's & Best Way Soft's first Linux port and I'm loving every single minute of it! The game runs like a charm, simply a must have for any rtt buff."
76561198097191311,Recommended,316430,13564721,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Oscar François de Jarjayes,"i would say great ww1 game really is fun i would all so say for you creative people it is good for you as well to be able to play battles  and make them and along with men of war and the other games like this, this one is by far the best out of allP.S they need to add more usa troops and units and more gear"
76561198065097007,Recommended,316430,13560209,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DeliriousTheMysterious,"Let me start by saying, this game is good, even if you played Men of War before you played this. I loved Men of War ands now Battle of Empires makes it look like a little girl because I love the World War 1 period. There is not a lot of WW1 games beside ""Verdun"". Anyway I quite enjoy this game and makes it better when its WW1.I recommend this game to Strategy gamers.8.5/10 (Because there is some bugs but not major)"
76561198012479972,Recommended,316430,13794825,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tanker,"I bought this game alongside Assault Squad 2. Before that I played mostly CoH and the Great 1918 mod for it. I also played a few of Condemned Heroes not long ago. When I bought the two games I was expecting to play more of Battle of Empires, which I did at first, but I instead enjoy Assault Squad 2 more. It may not be fair to compare the two, but in some cases I will.First of, it is nice to see a world war 1 game. There are not many games that do this theme. I think the French singleplayer does a good job of portraying the war. The missions I played I liked better than Condemned Heroes. However I feel that the multiplayer has a identity problem. It seems without direction. I do not know if it is geared towards competive play or authenticity. Assault Squad 2 strives for competive play, and so we see units of various time periods and even experimental units in the case of Japan. I personally do not like this, but do understand it.I feel that Battle of Empires fells short on competive play. It seems more casual with the focus on frontlines - assault zones have been added however. Thus I would expect more focus on authenticity. This is personal, but I am not so keen on the mixing around of time periods. Experimental vehicles can especially ruin any authenticity. The Great War 1918 mod did a far better job, it combines historical accuracy and gameplay much better. Compared to Men of War however, Company of Heroes gameplay is something I rather not go back to. When it comes to more realistic gameplay, and so more authentic gameplay, Men of War is much better.To who do I recommend this? If you would like to play World War One singleplayer, this game is a good choice. It now has a French campaign, but additional campaigns - British, German and Russian - will be added. It is also a good choice if you want to play online in a World War One setting. For competive play I wouldn't recommend this. If you are looking for an (more) authentic Great War mod you might be a bit dissapointed. The Great War 1918 mod does a much better job at that. In Battle of Empires defense, it is more difficult to portray the whole war than a period of it. And Battle of Empires has Russians, will have Italians in some way and of course picklehaube - which the Great War 1918 mod does not have.We must consider however that Battle of Empires is still in development. Overall it is a decent game. I did enjoy the multiplayer games that I played and I did not experience any bugs.Keep it up Battle of Empires team!"
76561198079505606,Recommended,316430,21112749,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,=DRK= jjk005,This game is really great and its nice to see a WWI game.Pros-Diverse factionsTanks aren't godPlacing minefields and barbed wire aren't just a minor obstacle like in some RTS games and can change a battlePretty realistic (not saying totally) but closeCons-Gas is very easy to counter to the point its not considered a factor in battleIf new to GEM engine its a bit of a steep learning curve not to much but its thereFor everyone complaining its a money hog stop counting all the DLC indivually and read the packs at the time of this review the whole game is 35$ and you can choose if you just want multiplayer or singleplayer for less money.
76561198169116557,Not Recommended,316430,29648686,Posted: 2 February,all,Touchpad,"So... the game is awesome. It has cool mechanics awesome design of infantry and landscapes. Love the graphics and the explosions.But when you buy the game for 4.99 Euro You only get the ""Bootcamp"" and the ""First battle"" And that's it!!!No more campaign stuff :( You have to buy it as ""DLC"" I saw the devs saying that they  are not scamming. then what is this?4.99 for a 30minute campaign and then you have to buythe others for 40 euros? Other games have campaigns and then for people who liked the game they have DLC's that add some more stuff. But with this game it seems like you buy nothing and then you either refund it or buy ""DLC's"" for 40euros!? I really wanted to play this game because i saw youtubers playing, but I can't because theres nothing to do and i sure don't have the money to buy the DLC'sDon't waste your money on this or buy it and wait for the devs to make the DLC's not DLC's and add them to your game for free.I think i'm gonna wait for that because I know that the Devs can make DLC's not DLC's anymore. I surely do believe :) and hope....."
76561198055788561,Recommended,316430,13743609,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Baker95th,quality game like the ww1 realism with weapons and kit makes me wana buy verdun
76561198004361306,Recommended,316430,13403896,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,[1er] Davout,This is a really enjoyable game with a huge amount of potential. A few things here and there that could be fixed but as its early access im sure it will be fixed and miles better than it already is. The trench scenes and uniforms are fantstic and i can't wait for more campaigns and armies to be released.9/10 so far in my opinion with so much more to come. Well done.
76561198031572060,Not Recommended,316430,16978245,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Big fan of the Men of War and thought i'd give this a go. Don't.......I've played free mods that are better than this. 20USD is far too much for this very bare bones game.
,Recommended,316430,13370032,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Luftwaffles,"Very good Game works well without lag most likely even if your computer is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like mine. Still some bugs and glitches, but its early access so im sure those will be worked out."
76561198007669286,Recommended,316430,15809630,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,woolllybully_EMU,great  fun   awesome  engine  and  graphics perfect  ... grab itif you like  commandos  series  this is  cool
,Not Recommended,316430,22241853,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AverageIntellect,"No editor Piece by piece campaigns, barely any multiplayer. Would have been an amazing game if it resembled anything like Men of war, however there are no skirmishes. (skirmish pack is including that). the game is severely lacking a dedicated skirmish mode. This has been a key feature in Strategy games since the 1979. And on top of that the campaign hasno replayability. And to tell me to buy the ""whole"" game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. since in total the ""whole"" cost of the game is around 80 freaking dollars. DLC should be extra content not the entire game itself."
76561198037294258,Recommended,316430,15988599,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,danfradl,"I bought this first day of release.  the game was good at first, but I've been waiting to see how they handle some of the bugs & issues brought up by users before I wrote a review.  So, my review:  EXCELLENT!  I like the Men of War games and don't know as much about WW1, but this game is really fun and has got me looking into more history of WW1.  The small development team has been very responsive to problems that were in the early game and to user requests.  I am having fun with French and German campaigns and looking forward to the Brits and others.  Some of the missions are stealth, and if you don't like those you can simply skip them.   So spend the money and support the great work these folks are doing, and have some fun with WW1."
76561198046115257,Not Recommended,316430,19813641,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cadwyck,"I would've recommended it, but it is apparent the devs have decided to make 3/4 of the game into DLC. Even if you're an enthusiast for history or war I can't recommend it, as it's not realistic either.I'm sorry, but what have they done to this game?"
76561198280625698,Recommended,316430,32003506,Posted: 27 May,all,BilboAndrew,I think that this game was very good and reminded me of Men of War I like all of the added DLCs but I think they should add so more for addintional content but its just a thought. Would buy and I really liked it!!!
76561198092731497,Not Recommended,316430,19852935,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Epsiloot,"control system is far too complicated and they sell you the bare bones of a game as dlc I highly recommend you buy literally anything but this. Words cannot describe the dissapointment of owning this game and buying it weeks before the refund function added to steam by valve. Absolutely attrocious, I thoroughly advise you to resist any mislead urge to buy this game."
76561198079434661,Not Recommended,316430,21356382,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sgt_Frost75,"I bought this game while it was in beta because I liked the idea. Well the game didn't turn out that great at all.1. The game crashes constantly and now won't even let me launch the missions.2.The gameplay is glitches quite a lot. Big guns will sometimes just randomly explode, infantry randomly die, or the mission objective won't work.3. The devs lied to all of the people who bought into early access. They promised us FOUR campaigns and now force us to pay to get what they promised. They also said they'd fix many of the glitches and bugs but let them stay.Those are my three main reasons. I did enjoy playing the game when it let me, but some of the missions were really badly planned and made no since and were far to hard. I wouldn't recomend this game to anyone. Why support lying devs."
,Not Recommended,316430,34283770,Posted: 16 August,all,Ryan,"The DLC for this game should be included in the actual game,"
76561198008509065,Not Recommended,316430,19774302,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,cavalry111scout,Wait so i baught the game early expecting a decent game with the countries and their campaigns included then it released with like one campaign so i figured id come back to it once they actually got set up only to find i now have to pay for the rest of the game? which was all supposed to be there anyway in the first place.
76561197993808638,Recommended,316430,30879815,Posted: 1 April,all,Pharrisee,You should add either the Italian or Portugal campaign
76561198007080590,Recommended,316430,30941645,Posted: 4 April,all,Rebekka,this game is awsome i will also recomend men of war 2
,Recommended,316430,13801526,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,strong dog,♥♥♥♥ing good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069381783,Recommended,316430,13837455,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lord Gouty,"My general impression thus far is positive. Having played a lot of MoW, AS1 and AS2 over the past 2 years or so I can say quite honestly that if you've enjoyed any of these games you can be quite certain that this game is worth the investment.Some things which I hope developers will spend time in improving however:- The game could be improved substantially in mirroring AS2's interface. It may seem a trivial point but icons above the heads of vehicles, weapons teams, squads and individual soldiers is invaluable in locating and directing them. In several games while defending in Frontline precious seconds have been lost spent trying to find my howitzer/trench gun/machinegun because they are not as well marked or clearly visible as in AS2. I expect this problem will be rectified soon enough as such icons are intuitively lacking to players of past MoW games.- The camera moves far too quickly. I expect this can be solved in fiddling with the settings but it's far too jerky and sensitive in default. Micromanaging units can be tricky enough without having the screen dart about owing to one's cursor inadvertently coming into close proximity to the edges of the screen.- I do not understand why the select and move button are both the left mouse key, as was the case in MoW1. It's wrong. I really, really do not like it. The left button should be for selecting and the right for moving.- The multiplayer maps need more cover and undulating terrain. They feel rather sparse at the moment, lacking even shell holes or craters to aid the advance of men. Quite often infantry are utterly at the mercy of artillery owing to a distinct lack of cover to shelter behind or hide in. I find myself having to spam infantry in the hopes that only a few will survive long enough to acheive what I wish of them. I do however appreciate the developers are trying to reflect the reality of combat in no man's land, I just wish however it could be done a little more sympathetically to those trying to preserve the lives of their men!That's all I can think of at the moment."
,Recommended,316430,13750376,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tiger I E,"If you liked the Men of War series, I have a feeling that you're going to love this.  Currently, there's only a French single-player campaign, but it's that perfect MOW mixture of fun and difficulty that you've come to enjoy."
76561198092515601,Recommended,316430,13575726,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Shrimp,"""Allah is the true god"" this game offers fresh new gameplay diferent from other rts's"
76561198079230858,Recommended,316430,13834965,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,4th reich leader,Fan of men war like ww 1 buy this game it is great. the engine used for this and the men of war series is awesome and great for stratgy games this should be used for all rts games. If you like stratgy games and have not played men of war go cheack it out great game.P.S. multiplayer is amazing
76561198000705288,Recommended,316430,13579142,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,WallytheWalwus,"By far the best WW1 strategy game in my opinion,  very fun and deffinetly a different feel then WW2 games. theres something special about micromanaging a trench of french infantry men, machinegun and mortors, while being charged by hundreds of german soldiers.i would deffinetly say its worth the price so far, and aslong as they add at least 2 more campaigns, this could be a real gem.i cant say too much about multipayer right now, too me its too laggy."
76561198032507397,Recommended,316430,13549267,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Codex,is it only the french campaign at the moment ?
76561198040839092,Recommended,316430,13882012,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Budweiser122,"A very good use of the Men of war game engine! Ill be honest when I first saw the WW1 mods for MOW I was excited thought could they pull this off??? what much else can you do with a bunch of guys with rifles?? with previous expericen int he other games rifles could be the last weapon of choice as they are flimsy in the aim and even worse in direct control, also is there a danger that this could get boring??? But the result from the get go, I was pleasently suprised! Instead of being boring confrontations that drag out there is a level of intesity that keeps you on your toes from the moment the opening camera shot begins to the end of the mission. This games mission design appears in my opinion better than the Assult sqaud style of gameplay. Which was good but lacked suffcient storyline and character. However with Battle of empires, there is a sense of value in the units (that i didnt get with MOWAS 1&2) and a story that builds for great gameplay. This game takes you back to the rpg strategy and it pays homage to the original MOW and red tide series which (ok sketching ai at times) had very well produced missions models and stories with clever twists that made you play on. I get that with 1914-1918 I just feel that same structure. It creates intensity that reflects that First World War in a respectful and original fashion. Why is the game so good?? Your units are vital and if you dont act quickly YOU LOSE ;). Example the fact that Constantly at any point your whole squad can be wiped out by a single artillery shell or the new shrapnal bursts. And those are enough to make even the most seasoned MOW vets tremble in their boots ;) It makes for a truly emersive ww1 experince true to history chronologically and details from the weapons to the hopeless endever of trench warfare. Sure the game is dodgy on some ai and skin colours but with improvement your looking at a rival to the original MOW and FOW.My adviceIf your a fan of MOW, FACES OF WAR OR RED TIDE?YOU NEED TO ADD THIS TO YOUR COLLECTION ;)Step into the trenches and feel the shrapnal burst above your head I dare you ;)"
76561198084929988,Recommended,316430,13575379,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bolshevik Remover,There are a lot of things about this game that like and if you looking for a fun WW1 RTS then this is your game. It will be well worth the £15 / $15 / €15. I haven't come across any bugs or glitches in-game which is a good sign for an early acces game like this one. The campaign is a bit 'meh' but the multiplayer mode is beast and sent shivers down my spine. The only thing I don't like are the voices and the grouping system but I wholeheartly trust in the developers to fix or improve these aspect. -- A game with gigantic potential which I implore you to buy.
,Recommended,316430,35003462,Posted: 16 September,all,patt2129,"I am really impressed developers did an amzing job of recreating wwI. You can tell these guys really love, and have a good dal of historical knowledge of the area. Highly Recomended if your looking for men of war  or coh in ww1"
,Not Recommended,316430,20007866,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Arch,The Devs thinks they are EA and to be honest its even worse they literally selling the game in small piecesI would not recommend this game at all wish i could refund this game but sadly i cant :(
,Recommended,316430,31091433,Posted: 11 April,all,dougnessification,"I bought this game as i loved the men of war games and while i loved the 1914 era gameplay i found the game very hard and didnt really like the missons where you would control maybe just one or two people as i find that these types of misson limit the games capabilities however i do like the stealth mission where you control around 5 soldiers and infultrate an enemy town to steal some documents, i liked the mission but again found it very hard as i believe that the game is not made for this form of gameplay, i would recommend the game to anyone that enjoys stratergy and rts games however be ready for a challenge."
76561198007982700,Recommended,316430,13385856,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,godfather,this game  looked good played it got and could not get past first level but its fun people should buy it if thay want a good world war 1 game
,Recommended,316430,13375303,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ckerinator,"Great gameplay, feels very similar to men of war. A few bugs with soldiers getting stuck when mounting machine guns and artillery, but that will be fixed with patches. Aside from that, a very interesting expierence giving you a slight insight into the horrors that was the First World War."
76561198067823590,Recommended,316430,13422155,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Count Dankula,"Great game if you like Men Of War, already there has been a patch that has added new items and fixed a bug. Singleplayer is alright but multiplayer is where this game shines. Currently there is only one mode, frontlines, where you attack one round and defend the second. If you like RTS or WW1, pick this one up especially since it is only $15."
76561197960803164,Recommended,316430,34217261,Posted: 13 August,all,MaddogMatty,excellent WW1 stratergy game never loved another one like it
76561198109339407,Recommended,316430,33842635,Posted: 27 July,all,LordChaos,"Honestly If Pegi were to make another version of this compared to MOW2, then this would be the version before MOW2 was released but its more made fun and skirmishs mode so you can whone your skills for online and freedom of exploring units. So in otherwords if you wish to practice then this is the game for you."
76561198050074147,Not Recommended,316430,23791841,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sabbat's martyr,the ai is buggy and can see through walls to take out your troops shame as it looks and plays awesome well bugs aside got a refund on it rather than wait for ever for a patch
,Recommended,316430,15532346,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Smee,"Great game. Just having an issue with downloading the editor. Though I have bought and played the game for several hours, when I try to download the Editor DLC, it says I don't have the ""base game"". As a result, I an unable to download and use the editor!"
76561197999175732,Not Recommended,316430,19104188,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Loken,"This game unfortunately does not capture what could be expected from a ww1 game. Artillery is very weak, the large scale human slaugher and hell on earth is truly encaptured.As for the DLC, this is exactly what the current trend of DLC slicing leads to. A game which has been dissected and dismembered to me sold as small components instead of a full game.It is quite a shame really, this game showed great promise. Additionally, it is an often under-represented part of history in gaming."
,Not Recommended,316430,22948105,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,27thVA_Das_Reich,this game is just a money scam....
76561198180187785,Not Recommended,316430,27965443,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Boba Fett,"if you want this game only for single player , DONT DO IT theres only 1 mission or you need to pay allot of money but the multiplayer is nothing special but i need to say this game can do alot better so wort buying : exaly not"
,Not Recommended,316430,34536363,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr Elusive,"If you want a good WW1 strategy game, I can recommend two mods that do it much better than this:1.Company of Heroes - The Great War 19182.Napoleon: Total War - The Great War modAfter seeing some YouTube footage I thought this game would be like Company of Heroes, but in the trenches of WW1 - I was sorely mistaken. Unlike COH, your troops have little/no AI whatesoever. The pathfinding is just as unreliable as it was in Men of War (the engine it's based on) and, when coupled with the unintuitive interface, it means a lot of micromanagement.I found this game to be less ""strategy"" and more babysitting groups of units who won't get into cover properly, or flat-out refuse to shoot at enemies. Let's not also forget the cringeworthy voice acting and the generic placeholder music.It's a shame beacuse I wanted to like this game. There isn't many good WW1 real-time strategy games out there. Even if you ignore the extortionate price tag (milking the DLC cow dry), this game just isn't that good. It's not even worth getting on sale.Verdict:3/10 - They should have used a different game engine."
76561198209346457,Recommended,316430,33216966,Posted: 3 July,all,sploshy @hellcase.com,"Pretty good game so far, aside from the fact that i have only been able to play as the gad damn stinky french. if you arent to busy retreating or losing paris you could always just watch all the pots and pans banging around on their backs, its no wonder the krouts could so easily kill the cheese stuffed frenchies. and i swear to god if i have to hear one more french word i might have to strangle a box of kittens.10/10 - great game"
76561198078241584,Recommended,316430,15297110,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,z1g_zag,"Great game, patriotic Russian campaign!"
76561198157521187,Recommended,316430,21871770,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,who needs a name?,if YOUVE GOT THE MONEY this game is great!
76561198008194322,Recommended,316430,15576461,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TheluftWaffle,"this game is a lots of fun, not olney is it a straegy game but it is also ww1, and i love ww1. it is nice to see more ww1 games."
,Recommended,316430,15857766,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,JigSaw,DEAR DEVELOPER SINCE THE NEW HOTFIX MY EDITOR HAS STOPED WORKEN I GET A ERROR 86 THE REST OF THE GAME WORKS SO CAN YOU PLEASE FIND A WAY TO FIX IT THX(after i said this the developer or group fixed the problem i would like to say thank you and you have created a great game ill support you all the way)
76561198013549171,Recommended,316430,18445583,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Cumulu§ Cl  ҉  ud,"Superb WW1 rts, awesome dev team who constantly support the game, all in all one game that you should have in your collection for sure!!"
76561198061894091,Not Recommended,316430,16981996,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TheMcdoogle,DO NOT BUY THIS UNTIL LATER UPDATES ARE RELEASED
76561198239713400,Not Recommended,316430,25626744,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Black_Negro_In_My_Pants,not enough content
76561197975829362,Recommended,316430,15782070,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SonOfLee,I have not had this much fun with a WWI/WWII RTS game since Commandos: Behind Enemy lines.......so it has been 17 years.
76561198119796572,Recommended,316430,22013789,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Snapshadilou,"This is actually my very first review of a game since signing up for steam when they gave away Left for Dead 2 for free and since I dont really delve that deep into a game except for its gameplay and story(if theres singleplayer) so expect more of an opinionated artice regardless of my hours played.When I first saw this game on my exploration queue I thought to myself ""Finally, a WW1 theme game"". When i visited the store page I saw a lot of negative reviews I had second thoughts about even getting this game and decided to do some outside research and stuff (cause sometimes the reviews are old or something else). So after watching many videos on youtube and finding out about the little graph showing what you get with what you pay (I guess most of the nega reviews were just from the early stages of this game) and also the last sale I decided to take the risk and buy it mainly because I enjoy games like these.So far its been maybe less than a week and I have yet to regret that decision. The single player is a bit challenging Ill admit and sometimes it gets to the point of frustration but I dont really mind. With so many games nowadays basically ""spoonfeeding"" players, its kind of refreshing to play a game that really challenges you and doesnt quite let you steamroll through it (even on rookie setting it can be a bit hard when you dont take the time to think and strategize) even though there are times I wanted to punch my laptop. As for the multiplayer, Ive only been able to play one game (because im a mac user, please dont judge *sad face*) it was an enjoyable experience for me (mainly because my team mate, who mind you was a fellow noob, cooperated with me and helped out as much as he could) until i ended up crashing out, maybe due to the performance setting on my game but nontheless it was fun and I want to do more of it. There is a bit of a learning curve however but once you get the proper feel of the game and its flow (which im still trying to do) then you yourself can be a badass general of an empire.A few things annoy me however, such as the Ai of your troops sometimes not acting the way you want them to act, the vague mission descriptions for some missions of single player and the long pauses at times during the cutscenes but these are minor things and dont really ruin the experience of the game. It would be nice though that they would patch out some of these issues but it could be me.all in all, if youre into strategy games then by all means, do buy this game and the deluxe package as it contains everything from the single player missions to the multiplayer. It is an enjoyable experience and granted the voice acting could be better but then it sort of adds a bit of appeal to the game and its environment.Hopefully they can add cross platform (?)  multiplayer because I would definitely love to play with more people. Its so damn fun and frustrating at the same time.and if youre a mac user with copy add me up and lets play. Hopefully I wont crash out again haha."
,Recommended,316430,14039946,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dessert Fox,The voice acting is beautiful.
76561198006555519,Recommended,316430,13770482,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Automatix,highly recommended cause there are only a few WW1 games at all so if you are a fan of this time period you must have this game.
76561198066408927,Recommended,316430,31082564,Posted: 11 April,all,Teddy Tommy Ear,"Good with friends, the story missions are good aswell. The only thing bugging me is the crashing and bugs in the game and the fact that the soldiers do not run through the trenches usually so they just kill themselves. Decent game when they get to fix the bugs."
,Recommended,316430,30842572,Posted: 30 March,all,RYAN,i think it is great if you like wwi history. even if you don't know alot about wwi this will teach you a few thinks. this game is very similar to men of war and is on of my favorite games and i have only played about `30 mins so far
76561198172001429,Recommended,316430,34718914,Posted: 3 September,all,luke.fisher12,is a good game for me but the DLC mold is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke but yer a good game
,Recommended,316430,13537991,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Strawberry Milkshake Gamer,If your a big fan of history and RTS then this game is a must buy.
76561198021895401,Recommended,316430,13722746,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,KiKiMOWplayer,The game is very good for hostory lovers. But there there are many things the be added for full ww1 game - for first need-        Austro-Hungarian EmpireGass shelsMore heavy hoitzers
,Recommended,316430,25441354,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chief,R.I.P Николай 2
76561198045645917,Not Recommended,316430,20157806,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Turenne,"If you have friends with whom you can play multiplayer, this could be a time-killer and maybe evn funny. The multiplyer is on sale right now and kinda worth it (original price isn't tho). Otherwise, do no buy any of the other packs. You ask me why I guess? Yea I know, let me respond to that. First, all of those DLC's should have been included in the game itself. The developpers are greedy and cashgrabbers. They do not know that small amateur companies such as their is bound to die with those extravagances. Second, the gameplay itself is not worth the price. The graphics are ok but could be better. Finally, if you wish to support a greedy company that doesn't give his customers what they deserve with a reasonable price and simple organisation (not to forget the huge amount of DLC which some sell the same thing), well this is for you. But if you wish to let them know that the customers control the power and their money, do not buy this. Thank you, have a good day."
76561198344667537,Recommended,316430,29936877,Posted: 14 February,all,EmperorGermanicus,"Very good ww1 game, for the price you get really good content. And online play is really good, with a high number of players on at any time of the day."
76561198015032870,Not Recommended,316430,33339315,Posted: 7 July,all,mr.playa199,very bad monny grab gamestay away some mods are way better than thisalso the voice acting in thsso cringy the worst i have seen so far
,Recommended,316430,25217549,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Xgames48,"fun game, bad dev team. nuff said"
,Recommended,316430,25228718,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,cameron,*low quality and loud voice file plays*♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BOSCHE
76561198081891554,Recommended,316430,18270617,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Maxoroni_79,i got this game multiplayer only it is a great game and deserves it cost for a full game it just missing 2 things ottomans and austrians and maybe a few more like serbia italy and usa but other then that its a solid all right game
76561197971725953,Not Recommended,316430,20415004,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,El Presidente,"I bought the multiplayer pack during the winter sale as it looked intriguing.  The reviews however made me second guess buying anymore than the multiplayer.  However, the sale price was really good so I sprang for the $15 bucks or whatever it was for the deluxe package.  Honestly, when the game does have the big battles (and when they actually trigger and work) it is quite fun.  However, many of the missions are stealth based requiring a good deal of time taking your time.  So you spend 20-30 minutes completing the mission only to realize that the ending (or any other trigger point) is glitched and you can't actually finish...So you can't reload the same mission because it's glitched.  So you start that campaign section over again.  Oh BUT you were on the second of three parts and you can ONLY start back at the first section...I haven't been able to complete about a third of the Russian campaigns due to this.The voice acting is ABYSMAL and the conversations and cut scenes are so infuriatingly slow, I'm talking 10 second delays between responses.  The multiplayer is fun, when you can actually get a game going.  Usually a decent amount of people in the lobby but they are never joining games or are playing some mods (usually modern war mods...)  Oh but don't even think of attempting co-op missions with someone as they are even more glitched than the single player versions and I'm pretty sure a bunch of the sections of the missions are cut out...Honestly, just buy the multiplayer and mess around with it for a while.  It's pretty fun just launching waves at your friends, but it's certainly not worth the $40 asking price for a deluxe version.  It's not even close to being as polished as a $40 game should be."
76561198073587966,Recommended,316430,13382023,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,samkk360,This game has some great looking maps and some great game mechanics. You could tell just from the tutorial! i really want to use the editor now!
76561198030037132,Not Recommended,316430,19793782,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Lysenkoite,"Bought this game in early-access because I'm a big fan of this period and I haven't been so let down since Aliens: Colonial Marines came out. What I thought would be an interesting RTS turned out to be little more than an expensive mod for AS2. I have three main problems with this game:1) The campaign, which is 95% of the reason I bought this game since multiplayer is terrible and there isnt a 'fight against AI' option is terrible for the amount you pay. The levels are poorly done and very often what should be interesting and exciting campaigns become repetitive and dull. Some battles, like the Marne in the French campaign are great, but seriously who wants to spend two missions helping a handful of Russian officers evade small patrols of Germans and *spoiler alert* spend a mission hiding a flag? Where is the Battle of Tannenberg? Stalluponen? The Battles of the Masurian Lakes? A lot of missions are poorly scripted too, voices don't kick in when they're supposed to or cutscenes activate when they shouldn't- a good example of this was in the Ivangorod mission where in the middle of a fierce firefight the game loaded a cutscene out of the blue. This cutscene involved several soldiers being attacked and shot down by germans whilst they continued to have a calm conversation about what they'll do when the war ends.2) The voice acting is terrible. And I mean terrible. When I bought this game the French soldiers had a strong Eastern European accent, which I could forgive because it was early days and they'd obviously patch it later.  Which they did, to my horror. When I next loaded the game, their accents had been replaced by British ones- trust me when you hear soldiers using french slang in thick london accents you can't help but laugh. The voices are as awful as the unit animations. The Russian accents are pretty good, but thats all the praise I have.3) The DLC is getting out of control. I payed for the early-access with the promise of German and British campaigns, as well as the ones that came with it. And once again I got shafted. Do they seriously expect me to pay a tenner to get what they offered me when I payed for this game? Ten pounds for two more campaigns of bad accents, dull missions and more inevitable soul-crushing frustration at what I've become by buying their goddamn DLC. Seriously this has to stop- it's like paying for a sandwich to be told that the fillings will cost you the same price again. If they hadn't demanded more money via DLC, I could have even forgiven some of the other faults.tl;dr Poor scripting, bad cutscenes, doesn't bring anything new, poor animations, overpriced DLC, don't waste your money"
,Recommended,316430,13348967,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SONDEATHcs.moneyfarmskins.com,Lots of bugs are in this game and the editor didnt work for example when i select soldiers to go to tank they are running every where then i cant move with the view.Why is it like this on men of war: assault squad the gem editor works..........sorry guys for this bad review i was only shocked that it didnt works :)
76561198050825368,Not Recommended,316430,19321234,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,randall,I brought the game Nov 28 and it just could not startI am running Window 10
,Recommended,316430,15371417,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Balthazar Sleazebaggano,"I have been a long time fan of the Men of War series for years and through multiple iterations of the series and I think this one is pretty good, which is amazing when you consider for years the small team developing this game were just a bunch of modders trying to make their dream of a detailed WW1 mod for Men of War come true.The game, in its state at the time of this review, is fun. The current French and Russian campaigns are very detailed and interesting, spanning the early weeks of 1914 all the way to the final offensives of the war. The mission variety is very good, with the classic Men of War stealth missions, defense missions in all kinds of terrain where you have to frantically patch holes in you lines after devestating artillery, large scale offensives involving hundres of men on the map at a single time, and even unique missions where you forrage for food and supplies while dodging germans to guiding french airmen in their escape from a German prison fortress.As you play the game you will find yourself naturally evolving to WW1 tactics just as the officers of the time did. Initially you will see yourself using your 16 man squads to fulfill objectives in mass attacks that wreak horrendous casualties (2000 men died in one mission, and only one corner of a building in a town remained standing) but later slowly adapt to infiltration tactics by smaller units.The game adds a lot of flavor in addition to the obvious unit design changes (which are fantastic and historically accurate). You can tell the developers truly love this era in time, as each mission is fleshed out with neat things like horse drawn artillery and sleds, units that change appearance as the war progresses (pickelhaubes to stalhelms, etc)My hours don't reflect my true playtime since I have launched it outside of steam more often than I have from the steam client. Over my entire playtime I can honestly say that the only negative points I can honestly point out would be due to the limitations the Men of War engine (sometimes the UI is tough to use in massive battles on the highest difficulty) and some still evolving issues with multiplayer. Fortunately the devs are very attentive and care deeply about their game so I am sure these issues will be fixed. Multiplayer also suffers from a moderately low player count from the US/Europe.Another flaw is the campaigns are pretty much all purchased separately, which is a tad ridiculous but you can always make your own I suppose.Overall 7/10, pretty good but could be improved."
76561198223897444,Recommended,316430,21759033,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[HD]Hayden,great game i would buy it agin
,Recommended,316430,14893354,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Striker4u,This game is fun but all the time there seems to be bugs on it and now it says i have an invaild depot configuration.WTF! And how do you fix the game?
76561198161553992,Recommended,316430,16019083,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,blu3 slay3r,It is awesome if you like the Men of War franchise.
,Not Recommended,316430,19770305,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Bogs,"The game... Oh... THIS game... I honestly don't know what to say, or where to start.This game was doomed from the start. Really. You pulled an EA, and made us pay for a mod, yes, a mod. Cheers to you all for competing with the mods from AS:2 (Which are basicly this but for free, if you have AS:2) but slapping a big 'ol ""PAY US YOUR MONEY"" for the game. Alright, thats understandable. You need money to pay it, so we bought it.So I bought your game. Turns out, the game actually was not mine, in fact I did not buy a game. What I did was basicly buy a broken car that had it's engine ripped out and tires replaced with cubes, and the frame smashed by a 40 ton tank. Then the dealer tells you that you need to give him MORE money for him to fix it, but once you do that he wants to tax you for extra, and then rips out half of that car for himself, and you need to buy THAT part now. Needs a lot of work on it doesnt it?Thats basicly this game. You buy a half finished game, the developers pull out CORE parts of it. Campaign? Nope, pay us money. If you don't buy the season pass (35 bucks I think) you end up paying EIGHT DOLLARS FOR EACH Campaign. That doesnt sound bad, but what about the multiplayer? HAHAHHA- No. In fact, recently they TOOK OUT TANKS (Which were previously FREE) and now you have to pay for THEM TO (Which I am pretty sure has to break a steam rule somewhere)So all in all, why do I not reccomend this game? The Developers have gotten EXTREMELY greedy, to the point where they pull out CORE parts of the game and make you pay yet MORE money to get what SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE GAME to start with. I would not be suprised if they eventually made us pay money to play as factions in multiplayer, or use special units. Basicly, they pulled an EA.And don't get me started with the content you do get for all of that money (Sadly I learned the hard way) You basicly can expect bland combat with linear missions. The multiplayer is HILLARIOUSLY unbalanced and buggy. Gas is almost never used, artillery is laughably useless and expensive, and infantry are aparently as blind as a bat without ears (They cant shoot 5 feet in front of them) which end up being one shotted by a tank across the map, which you can ONLY counter by other tanks (Which is a basicly a big ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" to the russian faction"")"
76561198112981059,Recommended,316430,14791208,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,choglit,"Takes a while to get the hang of it and when you have ,its a very good WW1 war game."
76561198256554884,Recommended,316430,21032152,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,UpstairsBean,"It's a bit rough on the edges, but it's a realy great game in my opinion. There's a ton of interesting game mechanics and the AI is really well made, each soldier has their own inventory and if you like RTS games where you can use cover and plan out strategies through out a number of huge, destructible maps. 8.8/10 I recommend it"
76561198236840640,Recommended,316430,21864452,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,DimaTheDestroyer,Very fun
76561198027618265,Recommended,316430,14397245,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SPC Wagner,"This game would be near perfect if it had a world campaign mode like Total War, I wonder if it will ever be added......Still playing, perfect game, I recommend to all."
76561198213622720,Recommended,316430,21866959,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ras_Amerlock,very well made and one of the best ww1 games out.a bit challenging to get all the controls but great once you get going.
76561197985930393,Recommended,316430,14870541,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Psychopat,"Finaly some action from WW1 on MoW engine. Pretty good choice.Just one thing is missing for me in this game-Massive bayonets attacks-symbol of ww1. Hope they add this ""feature"" soon :)For me8/10"
76561197970432545,Recommended,316430,17213161,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jack_Staynes,I'd been watching the game make it's way through early access and liked the look of how it was shaping up. So far I've done the basic training and the first couple of missions in the Russian Campaign. I think I've only just scratched the surface of what the game has to offer.I've seen a bunch of people complaining about the DLC which is a shame because the Devs have split the game up nicely for those who only want the Multiplayer part of it which I think is pretty neat. The base game is more than enough to say it's money well spent so for me DLC just means more hours of fun so when the next campaign is released I'll be getting the season pass for sure.I'd really like to see more games set in WWI and Battle of Empires shows that if it's done right it can work really well.
76561198084468678,Recommended,316430,18444375,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,WAROFTIMEWW3,"After many problems and a crappy bunch of ordeals at launch, i have to say tis is a fine game, ard to mod but the base game is really unique, even have calvery and verry cool infrantry warfare, even though it started as a mod i really find it amazing, if you played it at release i urg you to go back.The only thing that could make this game absolutly amazing is a modding comunityI hated it at first but have to say, know one of my favorites"
76561198046919234,Recommended,316430,20017405,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HerrDak,"The game simulates well the trench warfare (frontline and skirmish modes) in wich one side attack with waves of soldiers against the entrenched positions of the oponent in a narrow front, where coordination of infantry, artillery and armored vehicles/tanks is essential to break the enemy defensive positions. The early stage of mobile warfare is also well simulated with the other modes (capture points, free fight etc.) where outmaneuvering your opponent is essential to win the battle.All the four factions (French, Russian, British and German Empires) are well balanced and plays different. For Example: Russia focus on Infantry and Armored Vehicles (good for early fast attacks), France focus on tanks (Good for slow but imponent Offensives), Germans focus on artillery (Good for strong defensive positions).In a market with little titles about the Great War this is the best Choice."
,Recommended,316430,15055402,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Prison Mike,"Have not been able to play the game for months due to this error:http://i.imgur.com/1GdhFFs.jpgLoved the game itself, but I've payed for an expensive paperweight on my hard-drive that the developers don't care to help me fix at this point it seems.EDIT: Game is now fixed with a DIY guide by one of the developers in the community hub. Still disappointed I had to jury rig the game to work rather then an official patch. I will now recommend the game, if you can bother sorting out technical issues."
,Recommended,316430,16836360,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,price,"UNDOUBTEDLY, The Best Game in the WW1 Strategy Game Genre and a competing game for MOWAS 2 due to its excellent playability, One which is individual compared to many other games because of its Trench Warfare and focus on Infantry driven offensives which are as epic as Liam Neeson. Another thing is the game barely lags and it easily runs on any computer, I will admit I don't have a great computer, Infact its a laptop and it runs perfectly. Honestly this game is by far one of the most enjoyable and interesting Strategy Games i've played in Years and I recommend it to all Steam Users & Strategy Game Enthusiasts. P.S. The Vickers Machine Gun is Brutal!"
76561198250408992,Recommended,316430,18257415,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Panzer Commander,"A unique world war one version of Men of war. Only flaw is the dlc but that can be forgiven.Includes Usa,Germany,Britan,Russia,France7/10"
,Recommended,316430,15865085,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,⎛⎝SPQR//Capt_R_Macys⎠⎞,ah brings back those memories of shellshock and brutal ♥♥♥♥ing carnage waking up doing a killing martial arts move... :) good times...
76561198118130415,Recommended,316430,14989721,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,_VON_Bismarck_,best game ive played since men of war assault squad.
,Recommended,316430,14903894,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Harry,"I Spent a quarter of a multiplayer battle chasing a huge artillery cannon being carried by the worlds strongest horse, i never managed. 10/10!You Should definitely get this game on sale as it is quite fun!"
76561197996216485,Not Recommended,316430,13545607,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Raspberry,"♥♥♥♥ this game, theyre asking for you to buy the campaigns, which should have been in the game from the start, this is some of the most disgusting and greedy behavior ive seen on steam, this shouldnt even be a game its a ♥♥♥♥ing mod for men of war, devs deleting comments and negative reviews of their tank DLC, is just ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous, do not buy this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbage"
76561198013979169,Not Recommended,316430,22313441,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dirtiestturdlet,Game will not get past training missions tried every thing dont waste your money
76561198035201203,Recommended,316430,14261617,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Stalio,10/10 it is a very good game.It is well Developed in the story and it is a very fun.It is better when playing with your friends too.
76561198092516170,Recommended,316430,13544553,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,William Wallace (YesScotland),Awesome game! It's so great to shoot Boshes! :D
,Not Recommended,316430,16832112,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Unreliable Narrator,"Because I bought it in early access I got the DLC they just released for free.  so♥♥♥♥♥♥there is a goood reason to buy early access   - no i didnt buy in between 4th and 7th so I have to pay for the dlc, just a 3gb update to let me know I wasn't  randomly and unknowably elegible? ..Gogo early access"
,Not Recommended,316430,22408292,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ᛒᛃᚱᛁ𐌔𐌔,"This game was enjoyable, to start.The first few missions were good on the French and Russian campaigns.However:The awful stealth missions ruined this.""The night before the offencive"" is soooooooooo anoying.Your meant to get some items out of a house, without shooting.Let me tell you the issues with that:Even when you have the knife selected and you choose to engage in melee your soldiers run up to the Germans, the germans shoot you, you stand their getting shot and then the French officer stands saying ""The Germans have called reinforcements"". Melee system in that game is awful.DLC is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥Paid £10 for the French and Russian campaigns.In both campaigns the missions are SO boring.Even when it's the huge attacks the only interesting part is when you can control the artillery yourself.Shooting does not work at all. It seems like the Stormtroopers are actually dead-eye hunters that put modern snipers to shame when you look at how bad everyone shoots in this game.I played almost 13 hours, now about 10 of those hours were on the Russian campaign:The Russian campaign is the best as far as I can see.However it's dull, uninteresting and has AWFUL voice acting.It seems this game was run on such a tight budget they took Sean Connery's voice from The Hunt for Red October and gave it to every bloody Russian!Don't waste £4 for this game... oh wait... if you actually want to play this game it's £56."
,Not Recommended,316430,24446004,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lord Nigel of Farage [No.4],Do not buy. Graphics and voice acting are extremely poor and the gameplay is nowhere near as fun as it looks. Also the fact that they have split the game into seperate DLCs in order to fleece you of money is very poor on the devs side. Even the complete edition which i bought for £26.99 is a rip off.
,Not Recommended,316430,31231673,Posted: 18 April,all,Tyler N.,"Got the game for 50 cents when it was on sale and for a couple of friends, no one plays this unless you have friends to play it with.  The game works good and is like a men of war assult squad 2 replicated for world war 1.  Wish the community was better, thats why I don't reccomend it."
76561198080163168,Recommended,316430,23032079,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,hi,Editor is weird and my everything i made disappears. But a good game!
,Recommended,316430,13585551,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WyattEarp,pretty good so far on the last mission of the french campaign if you like SP MoW then i would pick it up
,Recommended,316430,13583793,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,A Herd of Blueberries (DA?nker),Exhilterating title.
76561197991266291,Recommended,316430,13357933,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SUCKAMANUTS,"LOL this is MOW WW1 - same lettering, unit buttons, crappier graphics but seems fun. I haven't played for long but can't get over how identical it is to MOW. Need to fix ingame volume, music is loud and cant be turned off.Will update when I have played longer."
76561198006439655,Recommended,316430,13437796,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,[FOW]Campbell1004,Fun but incomplete. Terrible voice acting; it's a Russian guy speaking English and trying to do a French accent.6/10
76561198014718000,Recommended,316430,13463560,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gingy,I wish people with more than half an hour on the game would write a review. It's very fun. SIngleplayer is limited to just the French right now. I found it very underwhelming. There are 2 missions worth playing but the rest I didn't like. Multiplayer is a blast. I'm having alot of fun with it right now. I wish there was more unit variety but Im sure that will come later. All factions seem balanced and It is easily worth 15 bucks.
,Recommended,316430,13370875,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Soviet_Wrath,WW1 MoW
,Recommended,316430,13493425,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Death's_heaD,"This game is awesome, first time I saw that tank come in and start wrecking I was sold. I hope other era's are done in this format as well, an epic napoleon campaign would be awesome."
,Recommended,316430,13371129,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,M.C.Darkness,"I wasn't expecting much, Great fun to be had here if your not easily put off by dated graphics and sound effects.I am satisfied with the game and looking forward to the final release!"
76561197970860897,Recommended,316430,13424139,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Custer701,Great Fun!  Utilizing the MOW engine  I can't wait to see the finished product...at this point the game features the French campaign  But more are on the way.  WW1 has needed a game like this for a long time.  Recommended!
76561198060127914,Recommended,316430,13446142,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tank2706,This game is one of the bet rts games ever I have always enjoyed ww1 but this game is unique in that although you can do massive stratergy there is single inventorys so that if your solidier runs out of ammo you can crawl over no mans land and scavenge ammo but if i were to rate it 9/10 the one point missing missions little less long
,Not Recommended,316430,28766741,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Andromedon,"Really dissapointed how this game just boiled down to a cash grab for what is ultimately a mod for Men of War... You'd be better off getting 'the great war' mod for Napoleon total war, more fun and a fraction of the cost."
76561198039473101,Not Recommended,316430,28712351,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TOP GUN,"game of 1 day working multi is half dead, single is fine, gem editor is crashing and showes bugs while the devs wont give you the maps as other men of wars editors, you have to download them from workshope (BUGS) or create one (not easy at all)     2/10 only for nice single player maps Not recommened"
,Recommended,316430,28833784,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,starnekit,"The Great War. The Great Age.  The Great Game. Buy it on this sale, asap, now. The most atmosphere single and multi ever seen in Men of War series!"
,Not Recommended,316430,20361015,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,antek smietnikalski,"bought the deluxe edition, not worth the price"
,Recommended,316430,30891533,Posted: 1 April,all,[JKG-O] TheDoctor,"Really fun game, unfortunately very few people play it anymore and it would be better if more people played, even then it's still a pretty fun game."
76561198353965386,Recommended,316430,33421573,Posted: 9 July,all,ashleythierry62,BEST GAME IVE PLAYED
,Recommended,316430,33098566,Posted: 1 July,all,-Kladdis-,"It´s basically a ww1 version of men of war assault squad 2, but the missions in this game are better than the missions in mow:as2"
76561198007429344,Recommended,316430,14768069,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RolandBP,This is very good.
,Recommended,316430,15502155,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gold Man Sacks,"Amazing game, puts games like Company of Heroes to shame"
,Recommended,316430,15499398,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sarcastro,"Kind of glitchy with weird Russians trying to do French accents (It sounds funnier in concept than the reality) and missing animations.Seriously they need someone to redo all of the voice overs. Hearing a Russian guy pretending to be French trying to pronounce the German word for hunt  (Jaeger) is a nightmare.Just for reference Jaeger is pronounced like Yay-Grr not ""Jogger"".However despite those technical issues, there's something still fun to be had within the base gameplay. Is it worth it though?I'm going to go with yes, but just barely. At least until they put out a German campaign."
,Recommended,316430,15520805,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gramps #GoneFishing,"Battle of Empires : 1914-1918 was a good independant game extracted from the Men of War Series. Something like the DayZ Standalone and Arma 2. It is a challenging game with the classic Men of War Strategy element, warfare and stealth gameplay with a pinch of it's own spices. It has a good storyline and original voice acting but the game is yet to be completed which has saddened me. I look forward for future campaigns, especially the German campaign!"
76561198050793998,Recommended,316430,23701533,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Vesniczan,buy!
76561198080061812,Recommended,316430,13612507,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LFCJames,Great game.
76561198017681447,Not Recommended,316430,18702808,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ferretsrule,"This is a very sad moment, the first time I feel the need to not recommend a game!  The reasons which you may or may not agree with. Firstly I believed I was purchasing a game of equal magnitude to MOW with a WW1 theme, I don't generally like to compare but this game had many elements which I find MOW brilliant but soon found out it doesn’t. I can put up with terrible voice acting and poor story line MOW is no COH but it had a much deeper gameplay, this game has neither. I can understand selling DLC’s to make extra revenue (business is business), but this was misleading at early access and stating more campaigns to follow once fully released doesn’t necessarily equate to being charged for them (if your backing a game before pre-release), I will never make that mistake again with any game or company. Lastly I wanted a strategy game, massed soldiers charging across trenches by the bucket loads, choosing to have 1 tank or 5 infantry squads with my limited RTS resource points (whatever they may be called) this fails badly on both. To continue more than half the campaign missions ended up being control 1-5 men sneaking around (if I wanted that style of game I’d get a FPS style nor a RTS), I don’t mind 1-2 missions of that style just to break the mould but not that many! Then when I do get a RTS style game the choices I can make on what I field are extremely limited, to in some cases non-existent. Lastly some missions are seriously glitched just check the discussions pages for instances and work arounds (some of which may have been fixed since I played last but I’m not wasting any more time on it). You may disagree and that’s your choice but for me this game was a terrible let down."
76561198062917588,Recommended,316430,18728454,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Xeno,it's a great game with a good singeplayer and an derpy and cool multiplayer. i would advize buying in bulk (with friends) but anyways it's great. it does have alot of broken things or more so barely working featurs like horses but still.Pros:- Good time line('s)- strategy isn't required to win but it's great how strategies and counters do work. and you really make your own game!- looks great- nasty weaponscons:- limited small arms (also relevant to teh time line but still)- to historicaly accurate unit wise.(couls use a bit more prototype weapons.)- you unit's ai is♥♥♥♥♥♥and respons time to commands and situations is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198180565794,Not Recommended,316430,33815583,Posted: 26 July,all,HordegruntTV,Don't get this game if you dont want to pay another $20 worth of DLC . The campaign is SO short mabey only an hour or two and the steam workshop campaigns normally need you to have DLC to play them. The multiplayer is small and there's not many people to play with. But i do like the Company of Heroes-esc gameplay it's really quite fun but there's just not enough content with this game. Don't get it if you want to have a singleplayer WWI game the only reason to buy this is for the multiplayer but that's ultimately not too great either.
76561198119612261,Recommended,316430,18213483,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Xnueks,any help? every time i try to launch the game it comes up with an error about my profile. help me please!
,Recommended,316430,21445811,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[_=B.T.T.F.S=_]  senseyyyyy,Awesome game
,Recommended,316430,21286302,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nitz,love it. justs needs more people online for matches.
,Recommended,316430,15244147,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Feylos,French retreating Simulator 1914-1918
,Recommended,316430,29129225,Posted: 8 January,all,WorldPeace,Kaiser Wilhelm Hoch!
76561198130870188,Recommended,316430,26446222,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mission,Great Game. If you like The Men of War series and like WW1 then this is the perfect game for you.If this game had a bigger audience it would be Even better.Yes the game lacks in some areas but it is highly amusing.There are alot of Single player missions (If you buy the DLC) Wich is one downside..Overall i reccommend this.
76561198249404340,Recommended,316430,21791939,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ImniKnight,Its the best ww1 game ive ever played
,Recommended,316430,19907877,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Eldgrim,"A really great game, having tons of fun with it at the moment. Too bad there are so many DLCs."
,Recommended,316430,21402536,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MÀ?ntze,I'm going to have to say... Ultimately I'm quite happy with this little game.
76561198187761657,Recommended,316430,28460202,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SHADYLLAMA,I wish that MAC players can play with the PC players but otherwise it's a great game.(Plz fix combatability for MAC and PC)
76561198011607356,Not Recommended,316430,31404978,Posted: 27 April,all,05102017,"Waste of money. I thought this game would be authentic RTS for having a WWI setting but I was wrong. This game is basically playing MOW except majority of troops carry bolt action rifles and that is pretty much difference. That did not bother me so much but there was nothing new to present but rather a subtractor of MOW features than a different take on it. I could get over these drawbacks and still have a little bit of fun, but the real reason this game is the worst purchase for an RTS game is that I bought this game when it was EA for much more than what it is priced now and I did not get any of the later add-on purchases that came shortly after my purchase. So I pretty much bought a demo prologue that has the fewest amount of content I have ever seen in a EA game. I put some hours in foolishly thinking the few amount of things I could do the game would grow on me but it does not. In the end it is just one more reason to not buy an EA game on steam. For the future I am staying away from Best Way Stop and whatever crappy game they will come out with."
,Recommended,316430,19227431,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Del of Tacs,"Originally a mod for the old Men of War, the devs of MOW decided to give these guys some help, and here we are.  While the DLC packs are a bit iffy, the game iteself is still fun.  Nothing like driving an old mkIV tank around, and suddenly it blows up because a German looked at it funny.Fair warning, there is micro management carried over from MoW.  Annoying for those of us who just want to send things to die, but not overly problematic.  The singleplayer can be a bit buggy from time to time, so if you want to play around in the Gem editor, by all means."
76561198165438643,Recommended,316430,20942746,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Strlin Red,its a great game it put the mind to use for makeing good strategys
76561198051275239,Not Recommended,316430,17183325,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,funnyderin,"what a complete shame. here is a game that had such an amazing idea. trench warefare. somthing we barely ever see in videogames, even less so done well... i purchesed it very early on, and back then there was no way to tell that it would become such a travest. its janky and unfinished feeling, not to mention the terrible attitude of the dev in its dlc. please, stay away."
,Recommended,316430,31887255,Posted: 21 May,all,JEFF,fun game to play with your  friends and rekt them and then lose friends cuz they get butthurted. The only bad thing abuut this game is that it crashes sometimes. It would be fun if there was more units to rekt ur friends with and transport vehicles.9/11
,Recommended,316430,20217717,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bosswave,"This is what you need to know:Good things-icredible battle sizes-ultra realistic battles (in 70%of cases-1 shot 1 kill)-amazing animations-amazing physics-everything is limited(you have to manage troops medical supplies,ammo,grenades,equipment,tank fuel,repair kits,shells, everything is limited and you have to take care of it, looting dead bodies or find it in different containers)-A LOT OF nations (This is the first game that has Bulgarian soldiers in it and I'm so happy to play with them)-long range troops (the soldiers do not shoot 20m like in Company of Heroes, they shoot at 100 meters(this is soldiers) the artillery and the tanks shoot on incredible range, but they have weaknesses which make them vulnerable)-limited men (you do not build bases and ""produce units"" which is impossible on the battlefield, you have to save men or order some reinforcements which are limited too-CONTROLABLE UNITS!!! (you can control everybody-a single trooper, yes you can play as him, move around and shoo with him, reload his weapon crouch,lay down throw grenade, attack with melee weapons) (you can also control tanks, artillery, trucks, cars...)-realistic maps (perfectly made positions, hills, towns and rivers-long and hard campaign-useful tutorials-EDITOR-(amazing editor, with it you can create your own missions or remake historical battles of your country or anything else)-a lot of different opions(like for a soldier, you can command to:throw a grenade,reload his weapon,see inventory,lay down,crouch, stand up,swich to another weapon, swich to melee weapon,take cover,return/no fire/fire at will and many many many others)-fast motion/slow motion which is perfect not to waste time when bombarding a place or moving tanks which are really slowBad things-3,5/10 voice acting-stupid AI (many times in missions you have an allied army which supports you and it's strategy is always frontal rush without any strategy and if you task is to help them and they have to survive, it makes it almost impossible)-a few very stupid missions (one of these missions is to play as a capruted pilot in a german prison, take your friend and escape. This sounds extremly cool, but when the game is reallistic it's not, your men die 1 shot 1 kill and i have like 100 tries on that missions. I really raged then, and after you survive the prison you spawn in the middle of a battlefield with 2 men, facing the entire german army in trenches and bunkers which are fighting your guys kilometers away and your task is to get there without being killed whic is absolutely impossible.)These bad things are nothing when we talk about the good and amazing things I found in that amazing game that I would call the best and the most realistic strategy game ever!"
76561198123750698,Not Recommended,316430,29389234,Posted: 20 January,all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,id rather wipe my a*ss with a hedgehog than play this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,316430,17710223,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[32nd Fus] Duke of Wellington,An amazing game that follows the same mechanics as the Men of War Series. The game is historically acurate with many new weapons maps and and unit skins. The game is a work in progress so more campaigns will be realesed in the future. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,316430,16319721,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Foster,"Amazing game. Been waiting for it for a few years and I'm not disapointed at ALL! Realism,WW1,WW2, smooth gameplay, and overall amazing game. I've actually stop playing MOW AS2, because this just beats it. AS2 is laggy, buggy, and no where close what I expected and has become plain and simple bad. This just is so better in many ways."
,Recommended,316430,13592216,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dddddddddddddd,"So far there have been some bugs but they've been worked out. As of the time of writing this, only the French campaign is there with the tank and russian ones in the works. Has multiplayer but no skirmish, which stinks because multiplayer is the only real way to use the units you want.  The campaign feels like you are learning new things the whole time so you never get the feeling of really being able to use everything, but other than that the campaign is rather fun.+Fun campaign (The last mission is the best in my opinion - it has a field combat and ccity combat with a large variety of units and different situations)+Cool units+NIce looking graphics+Comes with two more campaigns being released in future+Possibility for Skirmish+Nice playing a WW1 game+Pretty accurate uniforms+Fair price+Some tanks that I never really knew about (The french ones that look like boxes)+I like how tactics played a big part in the game (The last mission near the end was the best example of this - timing was everythings)-No Skirmish-Bugs (But it is early release)-Campaign is a litte short-No skirmish-German campaign is a pay for one; I would much rather have German than Russian campaign-No skirmish-Terrible voice acting-No skirmish-The units have some wierd pathfinding (The french tanks tried to cross the river, not the big bridge right infront of them. Guess its their Frenchness)-Please add skirmish eventually.Overall: 7.5 to 8 out of 10. I dont regret buying it and look forward to the new campaigns (Both the free Russian and Tank ones and the german pay-for one).- No trading cards but thats not really important, like I rather them work on the game (Skirmish for God's sake)"
,Not Recommended,316430,22967272,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,syfysoldier,talked myself into buying itboy was i wrong
76561198166606154,Not Recommended,316430,28845956,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Anonymous,take my advice people don't waste your time on this one! buy man of war
76561198056667206,Recommended,316430,26409926,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,21st Rct. Nabex78,"My review is more of a maybe but I do indeed think this game is fun. It does have its fair share of glitches (believe me...) but when it works it's fun. Also the devs have a horrible marketing system, think H1Z1 type stuff. But if you are like me and enjoy historical games it's worth getting, just be sure to stay calm when glitches happen and you will enjoy this."
76561198187415438,Not Recommended,316430,24317137,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DJ SLIM DICK69,Dont buy this game its so♥♥♥♥♥
76561198055990358,Recommended,316430,28991083,Posted: 3 January,all,fallujahveteran,Fun game!
76561198322820280,Not Recommended,316430,24941175,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,smcloughlin999,"its brutal, no players online and brings you into other packages you dont have so you must exit, wouldnt go near it"
76561198273710172,Not Recommended,316430,28759409,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,_Tum_Tum_,This is a bad game. It is not what your going to expect.
,Not Recommended,316430,15849811,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ghastly Hand,"its not a bad game but.... it just feels meager with the amount of content, Theres alot of coop and single player missions but few mp maps and the maps dont even show up in the editor. They raised the price from 15 to 25dollars....why?right now i cant recommend it but if you got money to blow go ahead, if your someone who doesn't have a whole ton of money then either save it and see what happens with this game or spend it with something else."
,Not Recommended,316430,22104158,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nemizr,1/10 Can poop better games.
,Recommended,316430,28602621,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[SE]Mr. Hunter,This game is worth it to buy and play it but the prices are a little much.
,Not Recommended,316430,29839065,Posted: 10 February,all,☣☠Captain Crusader☣☠,"The game play is boring and the lay out of the game is made for one person and thats for the person that designed and made the game, I am sure he or they know what is going on and what they are suppose to do. Because half the time I don't even know what I am doing. Played through what I thought was a game, but sadly its only a shell of a game. I played the last part of the battle with a tank and I didn't even have to do anything just let the tank destroy everything that moved, and the tank did everything without me lifting a finger. Once this was over the game was finished, and I mean done, over and out, no more game play was there unless i purchased the single player DLC's . Oh well, the game is very poorly set up and very frustratiing and the controls suck to say the least. Oh yeah and I didn't want to spend $50.00 on the rest of the single player DLC's so the fun ended here, I am just going to farm the cards and uninstall!"
76561198250021930,Recommended,316430,22184236,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Endertricity,The reason to play this is the gameplay. Its a fun semicompetitve RTS game. However the way DLC takes the place of the campign is VERY disapointing
,Not Recommended,316430,25356549,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Crisp Rat,"Nope. Makes you pay extra for stuff that it should come with.Very small amount of players...Laggy servers...Bad quality animations and sounds...Bad developers took a good idea and ruined it, and put it at a high price.The loading screen is more fun then the actual gameplay..."
,Recommended,316430,32910382,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"I have no idea how to play correctly, and there is way too much dlc for my taste. However most people like this, and the mechanics would be simple to learn if I gave some time into it. Which I'm not planning to do."
76561198064221958,Recommended,316430,29213289,Posted: 12 January,all,lhy_021,Good game for those into strategy
76561198353158285,Not Recommended,316430,30016856,Posted: 18 February,all,6PACK,"The game concept is great, ww1 troops, gas and tanks. The game is to expensive for its real value, the game seems to not be fully completed as development is still needed, the online is quite dead, but sometimes you might be able to find people to play with. The game doesnt seem worth it to me as the developers didnt put much effort on it, the game has a lot of potential, but it seems as the developers left the project. If you are looking for a good world war game you should play men of war assault squad 2 which is great."
76561198285628901,Recommended,316430,30817419,Posted: 29 March,all,GlennGF,Great game Loved the trench assault and defence Gameplay normaly very smooth
76561198079935948,Recommended,316430,30823917,Posted: 29 March,all,CaptainAmerica01,FOR those who wanna play EDITOR you have to buy a campaign
76561198131061036,Recommended,316430,22244584,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DANKZELDA,Are you a fan of ww1 are you a fan of RTS you hould buy this it goes through historical ww1 battles for each faction involves tanks and gas attack 10/10 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198139219807,Recommended,316430,31150706,Posted: 15 April,all,The Unladen Squirrel,Beutifully exicuted trench warfair campaigns but I don't think that so many sneaky missions were needed.
,Recommended,316430,32476304,Posted: 16 June,all,Bananaguy,It is a fun game to play with friends. But gets a down for being very boring to play alone. But I still recomend it.
76561198012789515,Recommended,316430,17382124,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ritchieritz,Fun game but the voice acting is cringeworth.
,Recommended,316430,16994883,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"Instead of releasing a full after early access, the games is out in full release while contents are still in early acesss state, which the developers want extra cash through season pass [http://store.steampowered.com/app/384140/], basically an incomplete product that requires extra cost for full experiencee.In terms of the base game, the gameplay is solid, but needing to pay extra bucks for something that was promised might not be a good choice for modem game devlopers, as it is a cheap way for ""cash grab""."
76561198184246189,Recommended,316430,21166342,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ramons,"The game is really fun but DLC's.. I don't like it, change and people will be happy."
76561198050168759,Recommended,316430,17184800,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Katyusha,"I might apologize for my last comment for I red it wrong. the gameplay is okay, it's diffrent from men of war assault sqaud, witch gets anoying. So I say again sorry to the developers. and let it be known that they have done a good job with the game."
76561198018460505,Recommended,316430,17198409,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"This game has improved dramatically since it's inception, and the Multiplayer in particular is absolutely wonderful. That being said, it bothers me that the game doesn't have a ""Skirmish"" mode so as to try your skills against an A.I enemy.  I think even a sort of ""Wave Attack"" game mode on the trenches vs A.I would be wonderful. The campaign is in short, awful.. alot of people are going to be annoyed by me saying that but it's simply the truth.  The strength of this game is the entertaining multiplayer, this is magnified if you can find a group of fellow ""BoE'ers"" to play with regularly.8/10 for multiplayer alone.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALGem_gopxk"
,Recommended,316430,15618828,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Clethos,You send soldiers to their deaths and you commit war crimes what much is left to say?
,Recommended,316430,21119765,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nikulás Stronggoat,awesome ww1 game
,Recommended,316430,17509780,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Wooxas,Very gooood game
76561198157768182,Recommended,316430,20975171,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,xclone10,great to have a wolrd war ww1 game
76561198065638732,Not Recommended,316430,31085531,Posted: 11 April,all,[Nr.2] Danny,This game is bolocks
,Recommended,316430,29049811,Posted: 5 January,all,Pepee_Long_Cocking,amazing game got it for 50 cents
76561198115302659,Recommended,316430,29390719,Posted: 20 January,all,karakaya_berk_,Thıs ıs best ever game I play.Turkısh Ottoman Empire mission is ıncredible!I strongly recommend thıs game for profesional strategy gamer!
,Recommended,316430,18670423,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Angel Fall,"This was my first game that I bought that used the gem engine. At first by glance I was a bit skeptical, especially buying it during early access. However over the bad voice acting and weird actions of my units with bugs, I enjoyed and keep will keep on enjoying this game. The editor was confusing for me at first, but after a few tutorial videos, I had my self some long needed fun with massive battles. Overall this game is a 7/10. Because I don't like that they're making the other future campaigns such as the English or German campaign a paid one. I believe the base 4 campaigns should be included and let the paid DLCs only be like minor factions such as US campaign or Italian campaign."
76561198102754332,Not Recommended,316430,22029999,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CommanderCody360,"how to disappoint and anger the early acess players, and every person. Step 1: hire people with mental retardation and no skill of keeping to their word and ignoring what the commuity thinks what's best for the game. Step 2: Have a broken multiplayer that requires dlc, dlc there, dlc over there, DLC'S EVERY WHERE, requiring you to buy DLC's just to play a certain multiplayer game with your (if u hav any) and you have to buy MORE DLCs just for a FULL singleplayer wtf.Step3:Using Loopholes to get away with sh it. I remembered with this game had postive reviews and there where no DLCs the game was going on the right track until BAM DLCs Every where! There are way better WW1 mods THAT ARE FREEEEEEEE online Look onModdb.comso........cough*cough* Early Acess Buyers cough* I played 290hrs of this game, i watched this game growup from the beginning and it was a good and fun game until it recieved AIDS from EA's DLC policy and it slowly turned from a positively review to mixed, You guys shouldn't left Moddb in the first place. I rather play assault squad 2 mods which are free and has a bulit-in EDITOR Which is part of the game. And I as Early Acess buyer I have BOE with a Editor unlike regular buyer have to get it. Why Can't a good game be more of a quality game and this game ended up like the Doom BetaP.S. if only you could report games for greed and lying to their customers"
76561198301311801,Recommended,316430,31820699,Posted: 18 May,all,Mr.Bean,Good game
,Recommended,316430,22108179,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,McIntosh_Productions,"Love the game, played a total of 100 hours! The only problems is the amount of points you recieve and the few amount of maps and nations. Please make more maps and thanks for adding USA atleast. Need more points for BIGGER BATTLES NOT JUST A COUPLE OF SQUADS!!!"
76561198029341938,Recommended,316430,22153862,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,xX_YungMao_Xx,"Decent multiplayer, though sadly few people play it anymore. A shame, really."
76561198070325884,Recommended,316430,18697003,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Stugo98,This is men of war set in ww1 the best WW1 RTS yet keep up the good work just a shame that the devs are selling all the good features as DLC7/10 would recommend
76561197981100904,Recommended,316430,21897857,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,lakota362,The best game nobody plays
76561198086946948,Recommended,316430,14953646,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Green Jacket,"Over all a good game. Its fun but has a few bugs. One that is really anoying is when a shell comes in an hits near your men they drop there rifles and don't pick them up atomaticly. most of them do but sum you need to tell them to pick up there guns. sometimes there unable to pick there guns up and you have guys who are useless. Controls could be better. I wish mouse controls were like men of war 2. The campaign is fun, im on mission 4 of the french one. Its has stealth, defence and attack missions. The missions donot feel like the same thing. Online is fun when you get into a game. More people need to get this game its fun. A 6/10 at the moment. Cooll game, there needs to be more ww1 games."
76561198093627892,Not Recommended,316430,28654609,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lil Windex,ITs a Good Game I just wish I didn't need to buy so many packs to play the game I'ms tuck with repreating the bootcampa nd rooky battle is there a way to get the Map editor or is that also a Pack I need to buy :/. I would recommend the game if you want a good ww1 game but I'm not gonna reccomned for the sheer fact that you need to buy so much to play the game.
76561198272061446,Recommended,316430,29300724,Posted: 16 January,all,mthlacrosse,Very Good Game
76561198167680011,Recommended,316430,29302271,Posted: 16 January,all,Storng Neoug,9/10 Would voice act again
76561198011827366,Recommended,316430,13553610,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,will,men of war polished up ww1 setting.awsome
,Not Recommended,316430,19642908,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DEVO,DLC ridiculousness
76561197999819339,Not Recommended,316430,35190776,Posted: 24 September,all,CETNIK,"DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS YOU WILL REGRET IT,  it crashes and you must also pay to play multiplayer and skirmishes they make them dlc's pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and the game is crap rip of men of war assault squad just garbage  i warned you.................."
76561197971139116,Recommended,316430,17959534,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,UKCarbine,"Now I do like this game, it has huge potential. Voice acting is dire, almost beyond comical. Remember the husky officer of Men of war who was almost shouting when he spoke. Yes that bad. But if you overlook that it has the makings of a good game. It is easy to sit here and completey rubbish a game. Without considering how much effort has gone into getting it to the stage it is at. If you play Men of War, Assault Squad one and two. You will be familiar with the interface and the control system it is almost exactly the same. The units and vehicles, in my opinion need a little bit of work as do the maps.However that aside it is still perfectly playable and superbly stable in MP (no OOS errors). I have only played 4 of the campaign with mates so far and we had a blast. Some of the maps really seemed to tax my system (large infantry charges etc so I think the game needs a bit of optimisation as I wasn't running it with all the shiny bits on full. Although my rig is coming up to 4 years old the components are of a high end quality and I can still play a lot of premium titles with high to ultra settings (mainly textures etc) with decent steady frames.I got a little bored of this quite quickly though and I think that is down to the final polish of the game. Plus I do jump from game to game and have a flavour of the week then jump back to games. There are errors within the game which where quite obvious. But not game breaking. The devs are very responsive to the discussions forum and are keen to respond to your queries and suggestions.I would recommend this game as it really is refreshing to see a WWI title as opposed to the very obvious WWII stuff. I'm not 100% how historically accurate the game is, it depends if that is your bag or not. I would recommend it if you are in the market for a fun RTS with a different slot in history."
76561198101038219,Recommended,316430,21615663,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dank memer thug,this satisfies my world war 1 sexual fetish
76561198075329676,Not Recommended,316430,16368123,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Manon Batiste,"I'm a fan of the Men Of War series and take an interest in the First World War, so naturally I was drawn to this game like a moth to a flame. For the first 10 hours, I overlooked the atorocious voice acting and the incredibly monotonous music which lacked emotion, out of the sheer excitement this game brought me. Not many First World War games out there, especially which let you experience the Galician campaigns of 1914/1915 and the early war engagements when the conflict still had impetus.After the excitement wore off I started questioning for what good reason I paid £18.99 for this game. I got two campaigns from the side of the entente, while I'm ardently waiting to lead the KuK forces against the Russians, and also hopefully the German armed forces into single player missions, the editor makes this possible. I hope the community to save me on this one.I understand this is still in its infancy stage, but the general artistic decisions are very dissapointing. The music should completent the atmposhere. It should exacerbate the horrors of mechanised warfare. Yet what I received is something unequivocally not suited to the game. I would easily forgive the bad voice acting, and those god awful stealth segments, if the time period was treated with more respect. I currently see too much focus on tank warfare. For something which came in late war, I would prefer to see more focus on infantry warfare. More fluidity when it comes to trench warfare and to inspire more dynamic engagement would make this game stand out for me.I came back to MOWAS recently just to see how much did it change compared to BoE and its generally a far more fluid and enjoyment filled experience.Even if I absolutely adore the period, and the remarkable battles which this video game brings to life, I simply cannot reccomend this in its current state."
,Not Recommended,316430,25186457,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kiki,buy Men of War Assault Squad 2 instead.
76561198033747596,Recommended,316430,18883536,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,FRONT_BEAST,"Clearly the best WW1 strategy game out there even though it is made by a relativly small dev group. It has a lot of detail, historical accurancy (for a game) and really nice possibilities using the gem editor. Multiplayer is fun and the campaigns are rich of detail although there are too much sneaky missions for my taste.Graphics are ok. They could be better but the gameplay is great so it's ok.Highly recommended."
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,316430,16828646,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Klavs,"- The game uses an older engine, not Assault Squad 2 (That means a few nice features of AS2 will be missing).- They tried to add horses to the game ... but engine does not let it do in a decent way - mounted soldiers can't fight. Horses act only as transport, probably because engine does not support a passenger shooting from a vehicle. Not to mention that any melee attack while driving a car disguised as a horse is not possible in Assault Squad engine.- They did only Russian and French campaigns and British and German campaign will be paid DLC.- Script and voice acting is terrible. I mean - very terrible.- The positive is that they have a bit better scenarios for SP than latest Assault Squad 2."
76561198168954651,Not Recommended,316430,24768597,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,mrmusicmaker8,"I came for the editor, all I got was one mission and no editor."
76561198022396127,Not Recommended,316430,17528382,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Julian Resnikov,"This game is absolute crap. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ how ""good"" mods for MOWAS 2 must be paid for. Company of heroes has a mod on steam thats free (basically this mod but free). This game also has a really bad campaign. Its mostly a get a few troops and take on huge hordes of enemys. You are hardly ever given the option to call more troops and you hardly ever get to use tanks. Sure its a game where tanks werent really out there. But it should at least have them a little more than. I think its like one or two missions. Where you get one tank but guess what? You guessed it you cant call anymore of them. Please dont make the wrong choice in buying this really bad mod."
,Recommended,316430,25991146,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Themop21,i love the way it grabed ww1 but it is a lack of content with only 2 non dlc levels.
,Recommended,316430,21200752,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,the crusher,Great game I very like it
76561198144743664,Recommended,316430,20062188,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hoputagen29,"Good game it's similar to men of war, but I actually prefer it as its ww1. The only problem with it is that the Germans and French have English accents. If you are a fan of mow this is a good buy for you"
76561198194316846,Recommended,316430,29153244,Posted: 9 January,all,Vatican Ball Ze Fifth,"You will love this game if you get the steam workshop mods such as cold war, men of war airborne etcThe developers of the mod add so much more then already seen. Its like men of war assualt squad 1 with more units added all the time and more coming. The orignal game is ok but it definitely has more than you think. With hours of gameplay online. Trust me, most of you will love this game.(I mean its mods)"
76561198091493600,Recommended,316430,18736979,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,JJ Strong Arms,"Feels sloppy, but fun at times, get it on sale for sure I wish i could have an in between review because I give this game a 5/10"
76561197975339842,Recommended,316430,14938515,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ZXD_Markuz,"Played a couple of maps coop so far and had lots of fun. Recommended for the price, makes a nice change to WW2 being WW1.Interesting vehicles, artillery and horses! If you like the Men of war series go for it!"
76561198022036620,Recommended,316430,15061307,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BrockSamson,awesome game that improves on the classic MOW style. It's fun ina bun and i recomend it.
76561198203134994,Recommended,316430,23945563,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Red The Baron,"An overall good game the voices and controls are the only real problems, but other that it's an excellent game"
76561198067877532,Recommended,316430,14187767,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,FearJon,Awesome GameCant wait for the next campaigns :)
76561198026733074,Recommended,316430,14574112,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,kevin1957,"either the developers worked on assualt squad and it various games or they just copied it with ww1 setting.either way if you enjoy the men of war games youll like this also its the same.men of war games are hard  ive only done the first mission,so cant vouch how hard,i did seem to progress a little easier than mow vietnam.that could be because i had more troops to play with."
76561198035561313,Not Recommended,316430,16878073,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Knoxklay11,"the deadliest thing in the game is the awful voice acting. plus some of the missions are just too damn hard, your squad gets completely wiped out and you get hardly any reenforcements.. so right now i cant recommend this."
76561198158431183,Recommended,316430,15575063,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mitch31406,help I have bought the game and played two hours and now it will not update at all.
76561198011334519,Not Recommended,316430,14956911,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Buster Gonad,"Wasted my money on this one. Mouse cursor stuck at bottom of screen (and no, its not the mouse settings or resolution) game support non-existent. Don`t bother with this rubbish!"
76561198014090097,Recommended,316430,14513943,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,head2dead,good game lots of potential but the multiplayer needs some work
76561198044816817,Recommended,316430,14675835,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Evencheaper,great game but wish the developed it more. French missions where well detailed and you really see what the men went through during the war. I mean its normal to loss guys in this game and with each mission you will be resposible for many lives. Hope another campaign comes out soon Peace out
76561198159164096,Recommended,316430,19568899,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,cosminmoti,"This game has everything of WW1-trenches,gas,tanks,planes,stealth.The campaigns are awesome and more will come.Buy it !"
,Recommended,316430,15164587,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,jacksian3000,Really needs a World War II conversion mod or something
,Recommended,316430,14629221,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Harmonizer,"This is a ram gem. There are far too few games dealing with the Great War, so it is nice to have this one. It plays very similar to Men at War, so if you have played it before, you should be able to slid right into the gameplay.The controls aren't the most intuitive, so there is a steeper learning curve with the button control. But once you get comfortable with them, you are able to enjoy the richness of the game."
76561197990738351,Not Recommended,316430,15790900,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ckay2005,Sadly this isnt even on par with many of the current games out there with similar gameplay. And yes while might be WW1 to me its not much. Maybe to pass the time. But when they update you lose older games saved to start all over again. Pass.
76561198007567987,Not Recommended,316430,15786079,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Teh_0ni0n,When updates corrupt your saves there is very little point playing a gameVery very poor
76561198127418789,Not Recommended,316430,13511426,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,armordonio,"First this review was positive but now negative:Not happy with the end of early accesbought it right when it came out, and i am dissapointed with what has been changed during the time. The worst thing about this is that they made an season pass, and when i look at wich DLC is yet to come(British empire, german campaign multiplayer pack 2 or something) i Think that should have been included in the final build and they could just have made the ottoman empire or extra great crafted campaign maps as DLC.For evryone checking this game out: i would have adviced you to buy it if it still was early acces. But now it is released and all extra content is DLC i am going to say no."
76561198094086816,Recommended,316430,26337860,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DICK_NIPPLES,"Game is fantastic, but I keep on getting the ""application has stopped working"", followed by a crash,  a few minutes after I run it."
76561198061779856,Recommended,316430,15449811,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Amberleaf,It is a very good game but 1 this is that i cant launch it now because of the russian campain.
,Recommended,316430,13558835,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Insert Name Here,Great Game One of My Fav Strategy Games Ever so Far Great Time PeriodIt is Still in Early Access so it is not Finished Product But its Great Now so ItWill Be Evan Better in the Furture With Hopefully Added WorkShop ContentFor Maps and More Entitys in The EditorI Highly Rate The Game
76561198055473724,Recommended,316430,13437435,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"It's okay. Don't pay full price for it though, it's not worth the $40(Main game and Season Pass). Wait for a sale. If you want something to hold you over until then, go get the original Men of War or Men of War Red Tide."
,Recommended,316430,14487534,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,GonzoCreed,"The WW1 genre is underestimated. This game, even at early acess feels as if this is trying to bring back WW1. So overall. the game is fantastic. The only problem i found is that it crashes once in a while (Like 1/Million chance it will crash)"
,Recommended,316430,14504245,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Apex_xepA,GREAT GAME! Needs some work. But great game!
76561198079702047,Recommended,316430,14505062,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,N1KE,"You know its fun and all. But just be aware your soldiers are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I literally told them to attack a group of artillery guns and they retreated like a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥guys, your making this game way to complex and you should really fix that."
,Recommended,316430,14425707,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cool Guy Caleb,This short review sums htis game up nicely:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC1fPhp2TTg
,Recommended,316430,14640913,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Reb,loved playing this game. the gameplay style is that of the MoW series and the weapons and uniforms are extremely detailed and the missions are great to play
76561198112728600,Recommended,316430,14741804,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DiscoDuckula,"Played all of the MOW games including Soliders.MOST FUN GAME MECHANIC EVER!Campain: is not too bad is alpha so is what it is: 5/10Graphics: a little dated maybe but its made up for in other ways eg: BLOOD LOTS OF BLOOD. 7/10now most of the rest is almost the same as the other titles buttttt i really like the ww1 weapons. ALOT 9/10LACK OF AUSTRALIAN AND OR ANZAC TROOPS! Where's Simpsons Donkey! qq   -983893/10the best part and most exciting part of the game for me is the editor, with a strong MODDING community this game has sooo much potential. I am a huge fan as most people of the survival side of gaming. Games like Zomboid and 16bit Survivor are my cup o tea. This game could be givin a similar treatment. having a dedicated server store ur little guy ect. the mind boggles. this coupled with MY FAV game mechanic ever would be so ♥♥♥♥in amazing. *Spoiler* Davos is Light bringer. The unfortunate lack of The Anzac Troops is upsetting, and i WILL be attempting to create at the very least an ""Aussie Digger""..... If someone if keen hit me on here make some shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.DOPE GAME BUY IT SUPPORT GOOD STUFF8/10Disco"
,Recommended,316430,14693907,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Blunt Force,awesome game i love it can't wait till other campaigns
76561198160212851,Recommended,316430,24701735,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dr.NomoreKFC,pretty  goood
76561198060051215,Not Recommended,316430,25339030,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ace,Pay to win Ripoff of Man of War
76561198237949806,Recommended,316430,31238529,Posted: 19 April,all,Márk :D,Very good
,Not Recommended,316430,34246814,Posted: 14 August,all,Jumping Josh,can not play at all
76561198050853221,Not Recommended,316430,21900014,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Redrock655,"I dont get angry while playing games... like ever. But somehow i need to give 'Great War Team' the award for dumbest AI mechanics. You stole practically the men of war game but with a ww1 mod. Could you not have taken the AI with it? Ive been playing the french campaign and the 'fort' level has taken me 2 hours and i still havent finished it on easy mode. I have to babysit 2 pilots who refuse to shoot hostile in their line of sight, cannot melee correctly, or move in a logical path i direct them too. The campaign and map design is great and really challenging, i like it, dont get me wrong. But im so done with having a hard time managing 2 units to just prone their way back to friendly lines, ive restarted possibly 15+ times cause they decided to heal in the middle of the open, get their gun back despite it being in the middle of the open, or take illogical paths outside the trenches and stop midroute to return fire. And for my sake im going to get my money back on this game and just still with mowas 2."
,Not Recommended,316430,21911840,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Katimir Lenin,"Although I think this game is funnish and sometimes fun, it gets old really fast and somethings I wish were more like MOW 2, and besides that the devs cut up the game are selling it??? I don't know what they were thinking to tell the truth but that's probably the only really big complaint. Just don't buy this game, I only have 5 hours in it and I'm already bored and I bought everything for it. There's in a way a lack of fun content. 5/10 for the game, -10/10 for the devs being greedy snakes."
76561198123550191,Not Recommended,316430,22438424,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,absolute madman,-buys game expecting great stuff since mow engine--finds decent mod that was paid for some reason--only uses the editor since the editor is the only fun part with the wwi stuff--one day editor breaks--all the mp maps are gone--has both mp packs and they are installed-5/10
76561198275228442,Recommended,316430,22361990,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,timmy,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!
76561198087866574,Recommended,316430,22087301,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,msidyakin,this is a good strategy game i realy liked it
76561198254377898,Recommended,316430,22531883,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Airgrater,Excellent game based on Men Of War series
76561198133610769,Recommended,316430,26740485,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The Richham,Good game when I can play it . Damn game keeps crashing though prompting me to send error report after error report . I played the French campaign once and it won't let me play it a second time . If it wasn't for that I would recommend it . It's like Men of War World War 1 style . Goodluck .
,Recommended,316430,23938725,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Packy,"So after i watched countless gameplay videos and having played the game for myself i can definately say: it is good... But not perfect.Lets get the elephant out of the room: the dlc. Yes it is a shame that people habe been promised things that they didn't receive and yes i hate dlc too but look at it from this perspective: i bought an entire game for about €30,00 and that is more than i can say of some tripple a titles out there.The game was made on a lower budget and it can show, espescially in the voice acting department what can lead to some hilarious or sometimes anoying results, which is a bit of a shame but i prefer this over no voice acting at all anyday.But now the pros:The gameplay is solid, it shows the importance of mass assaults, flanking manouevres, artillery support etc in ww1 very well. It's a ton of fun to mow down an army of landwehr infantry with a machine gun, or let your tank cause death and destruction all around.Where the story VA falls behind, the unit VA shines. German soldiers shouting, russians responding to their commander, it all comes to life perfectly.Compared to it's brother men of war (assault squad), it has a lot more variety, and better story driven aspects.It feels different than most strategy games as it takes place in ww1 which is rare for an rts to do, yet it still feels comfy enough to know what you are doing and how you should play.If you have the money and are willing to spend it, i'd say check this one out."
76561198152801867,Not Recommended,316430,22919494,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ANDROID51313,Game won't stop crashing.
76561198055954732,Recommended,316430,30592018,Posted: 18 March,all,Fishy_Stick,"I do recommend this game to everyone that either likes the men of war franchise or loves world war 1. Everyone canlike this game. But for me this game is broken, my game won't run at all. Even though the publishers refuse to help or read my email, this is still a great game."
,Recommended,316430,17559559,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Spooky Pope John Paul II,10/10 French army is reallistically terrible.
,Recommended,316430,16617892,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[UHL]CURLYJEFFERSON,"Hope they add a skrimish mode.  the campaign spawns so many soldiers, i got 10 fps. gtx 98, 2 xeon 5687's. -_- 10/10 great game."
76561198038713273,Not Recommended,316430,20075305,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rexpw622,"I would just like to say that most of the reviews regarding multiplayer say its trash bc the developers are greedy hags that make you pay for tanks and crap. I dont know if u buy the base game u get tanks for free but i bought the multiplayer only thing (cheaper one) and gought tanks, artillery, and gas and all the stuff that makes world war 1 world war 1. So those people need to change their reviews. But their is 1 big problem with this game.BIG BIG BIG CON- WW1 had alot of fighting in the trenches...... if you want the maps with trenches you have to pay 3 bucks... thats not that much but I am not going to buy it because nobody plays it in multiplayer.... the devs should give ppl refunds that bought it and make it free so ppl actualy use their work. otherwise awsome game."
,Recommended,316430,15613027,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[1RW]Shadow/TheLastSoviet,Good game but need more mods
,Recommended,316430,17538807,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gary,The Original Tom and Jerry
76561198132297366,Recommended,316430,14076854,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,(AC) ironfistuup,one of the best world war 1 strategy games i have ever played
76561198311774730,Recommended,316430,29864014,Posted: 11 February,all,Cataphract,The best WW1 RTS for now.
76561198040998255,Recommended,316430,27060027,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ury76,All my water turned in to vodka ;-)
,Not Recommended,316430,19163014,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Governor William J. Lepetomane,Dlc horing to the max loved this game now♥♥♥♥♥♥....
76561198089865023,Recommended,316430,19799311,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Subfer (Trading),"meh to much money for what you get but, its ok."
76561198295098623,Recommended,316430,29512755,Posted: 26 January,all,egiosta,"Add encounter,plz."
76561198045759013,Not Recommended,316430,17496254,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ulan362,"Greedy developers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting, terrible animations. Just Aweful."
,Not Recommended,316430,30844955,Posted: 30 March,all,Carferry,Needs multiplayer bots. Most single player missions are mediocre.
76561198048536905,Recommended,316430,29428189,Posted: 22 January,all,Rebelius,GAS GAS GASI'M GONNA FIRE THE GASTONIGHT IT WILL BE YOUR END (again)10/10 Would gas my enemies again
76561197981446012,Recommended,316430,14129775,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Costarring,"Men of War in a WW1 setting.A series of campaigns, just like the original MoW.Biggest change for me (besides the type of weapons used) is the maximum squad size, which is increased to 16???.P.S. Finished the French campaign (~13h).I thought It might get boring (weapons/equipment wise).But no. WW1 is not just rifles and artilleryOh and well worth getting during EA for €15 (the rest of the game is free DLC for early access supporters)"
,Not Recommended,316430,29208358,Posted: 12 January,all,CIGS INSIDE,"Bought this game hoping for the experience I got with Men of War: Assault Squad I & II, but was greatly dissapointed.This game had an absoloutly great idea behind it, and with more effort and patches maybe it could be fixed. At the current moment however, this game seems unfinished. Tons of Glitches and bugs combined with sloppy voice overs and broken missions make this game unable to play. The AI and missions are so flawed, as well as the mechanics (such as calling in artilery or using other actions) It feels like this is a complete knockoff of the Men of War series and does not compare slightly to it.I really wanted to love this game and I had such high hopes, but it needs such work."
76561198289209106,Not Recommended,316430,29955930,Posted: 15 February,all,jasonflournoy03,i Had it once then i come back and losse all m DLC's im done with game
76561198212014536,Recommended,316430,23351132,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Matolo,If you want man of war in 1st world war buy this
76561198114519633,Recommended,316430,23433303,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shamparov,"Do you know about MOW? Of course you do! BOE 1914-1918 is MOW in WW1 with blood, gore, gas weapon and realisticly powerful mguns"
,Not Recommended,316430,31708186,Posted: 12 May,all,hemlut,"I cant in good conscious give this game a positive review.Battle of Empires is a RTS game set in the grueling time period of the Great War. It takes place through as the title states, 1914-1918, and promises to capture the realism of the war.What the game achieves however is laughable models and graphics, gameplay ripped straight out of the men of war series (I know it uses the same engine), you need to buy the dlc in order to play single player as other countries. The modding community is scarce. The voice acting....All this game does is make me want to play men of war, a much better game franchise.Oh and for the extra cherry on the cake, the developers of BoE actually took down a ww1 mod for Men of War:Assualt Squad 2, for using their assets."
76561198014188565,Recommended,316430,16434023,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,LOGPUSHER,"This game is amazing and I prefer it over Men of War Assault Squad 2. However, the muliplayer population for this game is extremely lagging. During the evening (8PM and on EST) the player population is like only 26 worldwide. I hope that more people start playing because it really is fun. The tanks and infantry are not so overpowered like in AS2 (ie tanks actually get destroyed by anti-tank pieces). If this game catches on multiplayer wise......it will be awesome!"
76561198015526767,Recommended,316430,20359859,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,NIN2,Well done to the developers for screwing us over! Every time you think you are finished buying there is another addon! Not even the deluxe pack was complete!!! Way to go! that is how you make friends in the gaming world. The paying customer gets the short end of the stick. If you have enjoyed Soldier and Men of War then this is right up our ally. 6/10
76561198195099991,Not Recommended,316430,15886602,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gchrist448,absolutely terrible!  $25.00?  Not worth 25 cents.
,Recommended,316430,16936071,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,fatto catto,"AMazing, take MOWAS2 and make it a world war one game"
76561198072249031,Recommended,316430,14557396,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Apex* The Loyalist,"This game is AWESOME. One of the best ive played. The French campaign is hard...which is good! I also want to mention the fact that even though i am sort of messed up with controls AND that i feel that there is no Enthusiasem in the game, in MOW2 for example the MGer would shake back and forth from the recoil of the MG, and the rifle in BOE does nothing but shoot, and stand still, but still i LUV this game and i will play it all the way m8 #goodjob"
,Not Recommended,316430,17190658,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mitch,men at war assult squad 2. if you have that game get a mod.
76561198161378996,Recommended,316430,31306626,Posted: 22 April,all,Echo Virus,"Simply... a amazing game that is often hard to get used to, but with this realism and using a real-time-strategy theme, they made the history of world war 1 more exitcing then the unrealistic game called ""battlefield 1""."
76561198106023508,Not Recommended,316430,31639526,Posted: 8 May,all,Blastem25,"Had potential, but was far too bare boned."
76561198016950499,Not Recommended,316430,33729605,Posted: 22 July,all,kendrickfischer,No single player skrimish
76561198128971961,Recommended,316430,20195768,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dacid_Janis,"The most realistic game to ww1 I have ever played. I am in charge of a company of men we get told by that smart a*se Molonch or whatever he is told to go over the top, I get all hyped up and get a whistle and put on scotland the brave and charge. we cover around 2 yards, 3 out of the 16 are able to cover over 5 yards.10/10 would listen to that a*se General Molonch again"
,Not Recommended,316430,15632154,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr. Krabs,"Do you love wasting your money on an unfinished game you can't even play? Well, Don't we have a treat for you! You know the mouse thing you use for clicking things? Well, this game comes with a manditory mouse challenge mode! Where you have to spend twenty hours to exit the game to play a game worth its money!"
,Recommended,316430,15466075,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[TG_IM]Northman,"Anyone who ♥♥♥♥♥es about the campaign in a MoW game is a scrub, this is the definitive WW1 RTS on the market right now, and if you're a fan of the era, you'll great appreciate the level of detail the developers put into this."
,Recommended,316430,22819439,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Albizu,----PROS-----Historicaly this game is great and the intesive battles are amazingThe fact that you can just bulid barb wiere or place downd sandbags is a nice feature wich I have to give creditAnd it is very adictive---Cons----The vice acting is terrible and sometimes i have to wait like a minute sou that some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ general say some doumb♥♥♥♥♥♥that i dont realy care aboutThe online games are simply just badAND YOU NEED TO BUY THEE CAMPINGS I MEAN THE CAMPINGS COST MORE THAN THE BLODY GAME MY GOOD AND BECAUSE THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTIVE IT WORKED ON ME!!!!!I give this game a 6/10
76561198099019215,Recommended,316430,20383723,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,zxDwarfs_Diggingz,> be me> be on the German side> on a team> team mate messaging me in Russian> watch him force his guys to commit suicide by running around> have a lot of guys> watch as he buys a giant canon> blows my guys up> says more to me in Russia> enemies surrenderWould get blown up again 10\10
,Not Recommended,316430,31424433,Posted: 28 April,all,Admiral Stu,"For me the game crashes a lot, sometimes half way through a mission, sometimes before the missions even starts, hell it sometimes happens before I can even do anything. The game maybe worth your money if it didn't crash so often and if they didn't split up the game into so much dlc, otherwise the game could be really fun, If the tanks weren't so overpowered. I was  playing a mission in the game on the british side, and the tanks on our side were ridiculous, it made the mission way to easy."
76561198056664265,Recommended,316430,30445570,Posted: 11 March,all,Trollbi Wan Kenobi,Pretty fun but weird controls
76561198037930649,Recommended,316430,17195704,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dr.Carnivorous plant,Fun stratgy Game
76561198245968936,Recommended,316430,20678899,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Heinrich@Hitler☆,B+ its good
76561198053819997,Not Recommended,316430,16342515,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Kaiser Is Wiser,"Awful audio, nearly painful to listen to. Gameplay seems broken in its current state. Grossly overpriced for what it is right now."
,Not Recommended,316430,15508093,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Vesper Akiri,"I'll be honest, I'm a fan of men of war and that series of games, but I was just unable to find myself enjoying this at all.While Men of War is a great game, why they used the system for Men of War 1 and not the Assault Squad 2 engine is beyond me, the controls are very clunky and the missions don't really grip me that well in the ""wow"" factor I found myself in Men of Wars original game.When playing a Skirmish match and looking at the units I had available....it's not a lot.A few sets of squads, some support units, a few bits of arty and varying bits of armour support.Very underwhelming and personally, not something I felt was worth the £18.99 I spent on it."
76561198030145397,Not Recommended,316430,16282387,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Goat,I don't like this.It's like poor mod of men of war assault squad with worse AI and all.
,Not Recommended,316430,18878994,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Azza,Don't fund these theiving scumbags.
,Not Recommended,316430,15780471,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ChancellorOfIron,"I would not recommend purchasing this game at full price.I had to restart the tutorial multiple times due to cutscenes and npcs bugging out.The voice acting is terrible, and the menus could use some work.The concept is a good idea, and I feel like the with some minor tweaks that the singleplayer experience could be good. But as it stands right now, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198042149449,Not Recommended,316430,15526766,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Debilman275,bug from early acces hasnt been adressedpoor voice actingcampagn is mostly unplayable because of said bugsimple thing as windowed option doesnt workonly the multiplayer is viable option
76561198161508400,Not Recommended,316430,24538337,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,öats,"One of the worst managed games I've ever played. The developers doesn't give a crap about the customers. At first (about 6 months ago or so) this game was actually somewhat active, but then the penny pinching developers decided to tell the people who pre ordered to ""kys"" and did an exclusive dlc for the british and german campaign... AKA the ""delux edition""Look at this s***, this is prime example of how lazy the developers arehttps://gyazo.com/ba8d613dfcd25f538102d1b49241081aIt's almost freggin' august, which means that they obviously haven't updated anything for about 4 f'ing months.To be honest, I feel the only reason why this game is actually relevent, is because of the WW2 and coldwar mods that others create.Please do not buy, you'll regret it."
76561198036200004,Recommended,316430,14395337,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Derp_man,Great game good controls good maps and not to many bugs.
76561198057852927,Recommended,316430,14715352,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TheDarkSoul,When I first saw the game on the workshop i was intrigued to learn more about it.  I found the game to be quite historical and very fun to play. Through my time playing the game i have spent time playing and also Experimenting in the editor. The Game is currently in early access yet it has already peaked my interest and ive been following it trying to keep up with everything going on with the game. I would rate Battle of Empires: 1914-1918 10/10 for the replayability and the ability for mod support! 10/10 would rush my men straight to their death again!
76561198142707144,Recommended,316430,17497329,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,YOUREUGLY2,This game is good but it needs much........much better voice actors..........sad
76561198024809174,Not Recommended,316430,21881676,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,A Rustled Knight,"Got the game since it was like Men of war making it easy to learn, then its WW1, one of the rarest era's for games to be set it and my favorite. I wanted this to be a good game but after all iv seen it really seems like the developers are taking after EA which is the worst thing to do. When i bought the game and waited for it to develope i got pretty angered when i found out the German campaign was a DLC, then with even more like multi-player and player VS AI (well known as skermish). the only reason i wanted the game was it would be extremely replayable with a skermish mode plus the German and French campaign, though Early access supporters get french and russian. -_- what? Ok, French im fine with, but Russian? Most people when they think of a First world war game is the battle of the marne and the battle of Verdun, the most well known battles. I really wanted to be able to see both sides and how they made the battles in game, but to see the German side you must go past a pay wall. Honestly, Russian and British should have been the main 2 DLC's. I can see if im correct most or at least a good portion are from Russia, i can see how they would want to add their nation's side into it but to me and more, we are mostely interested in the battles that could have ended the war. To be fair, don;t buy the DLC's at full price, wait until their on sale since their idea is to sell most of the game as DLC, the game on its own is 20 USD, for this, thats pretty reasonable but for a game heading out of Early access and already has 10 DLC, this not good it my eyes."
76561198043948524,Recommended,316430,22617777,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Komander Llama,"A rather unique game as not many games are like this and on WW1, overall I love it but I wish that there were more people playing multiplayer as it can take a while to find a game to play."
76561198170706822,Recommended,316430,24355630,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,alt + 0228 = ä alt + 0229 = å,I like  this game.But in needs A FIAT 2000http://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/ww1/italy/Fiat-2000.phpa FIAT Terni Tripolihttp://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/ww1/italy/Fiat-Terni.phpa Austin Kégressehttp://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/ww1/russia/Austin-Kegresse.phpand a Izhorski FIAThttp://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/ww1/Russia/Izhorski-Fiat.php
76561198133135575,Not Recommended,316430,21332792,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,{CR}Norwegien Ball,why why why im forced to get an update that brakes my vinala my editor and my valor and my mods
76561198009908916,Not Recommended,316430,22889372,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Fake News,The failed abortion of EA.
,Recommended,316430,17297297,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GrandEthereal,I only bought this game because it was 15% off and I read it as 50% off... If I knew what it was actually about before then I would have bought it full price
,Recommended,316430,17381095,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,CaptainMacTavish,This Dev team used a WW2 Engine made by BestWay to portrait the horrors of the WW1...and it works!This is a really unique way to completely change the look and feel of a Gem 2 game;Less tank pew pew and more cannon fodder.Fantastic!
,Recommended,316430,14927440,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ColdOne,oool
76561198150278941,Recommended,316430,24170587,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[MKN] Thunder,#suiciderushallymytroopscuzidontknowwhatimdoing
,Not Recommended,316430,13789856,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,"едят корму ,,,((RU",trash game trash developers
76561198123443268,Not Recommended,316430,30827349,Posted: 29 March,all,iceman_375,"Stay Away, Purchase at your own dissapointment. you have been warned."
76561198080238725,Not Recommended,316430,17401895,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,[Gnome] Jordiac,"i was interested in getting the game,but when i finally got it it was horrible nothing of what i excepted"
76561198199843546,Not Recommended,316430,30837816,Posted: 30 March,all,Femaleattention,Really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ how you have to buy the campaign
76561198086448887,Not Recommended,316430,17460337,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dungeontow,-.- you can only play boot camp
76561198016585949,Not Recommended,316430,17464270,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,shawply,"My bad but I did not realize this purchase was MULTI-PLAYER ONLY!  You get to play only the training and 1st mission.  And that was PAINFUL.  Loading a canon should be automic when you put soldiers on it.   I spent hours trying to get through the basic training mission.  First time it wanted me to emliinate the enemmy from the town.  No enemy.  No red dots.  Loading the canon is like a riddle ffs.  Do this, stand on your head, finger in your ear and press the x key.  WTF!Then you have the multi-player.  Only 3 available games and they are locked an russion ffs.  I'm done with this series.  Red Tide was a fiasco. Impossible to win.  AMF!"
76561198034394507,Not Recommended,316430,19886305,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,★Caboose™,This game is so stupid you need to buy every campaining to play ...
76561198066854051,Not Recommended,316430,20573111,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lateralus,"Warning, If your new to this game don't start with the singe multiplayer pack only. You won't be able to play skirmish agaist the AI and will have no way of practicing the game before playing online.Aside from the above, I found this game awfull. It keeps crashing to desktop on windows 7. I could only run it in window mode. The controls are just horrible to learn as well. The user interface and mouse controls are unintuitive.4/10 - Not recommended."
76561198083764791,Not Recommended,316430,19693374,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,LANPRO#SKILLZ,Battle of Empires : 1914-1918 - Editor i dont have
,Not Recommended,316430,20557969,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mola_ernesto,"Don't buy this game,all of say is liefor evry thing you should pay mony i think for play complet game must pay more than 50$game's play is weak.."
,Not Recommended,316430,14223506,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Denimdude (Still vaguely Stable),"I have decided to rewrite my review because now i realise what kind of devs i helped fund.Can you tell im angry? im incredibly angry because they lied to me, they released new DLC that was supposedly free for all early access supporters. I am an early access supporter, where the hell is my DLC? in fact why dont we check the store page on the DLC to make sure that this is not some sort of mistake.Nope, not a mistake, want to know what makes this worse? apparently my loyalty, and anyones who bought it prior to April 22nd is only worth a 15% discount. AKA: 75p.For the love of all that be holy do not support these devs. I am sick of being positive and giving them chances to impress me and make me think they were worth my support. DO NOT BUY THIS.Edit #5 or something, i have stopped caring. I originally had concerns the developers would be incompetant, or otherwise untrustworthy. As much as i hate being right, i appear to be right.Edit #6 or whatever: the devs have censored my criticism. Need any other reasons not to give them your money?Edit who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have been banned from the forums for no good reason, i offered crticism and simply told someone not to buy the game if their ♥♥♥♥ing ludicrous DLC plan makes them uncomfortable. Was this bad? probably. Does this excuse them? not really, considering that they didnt even give a reason.I am utterly disgusted with these ""developers"" and i urge everyone who reads this to NOT SUPPORT THEM.Edit whatever again: They have been incredibly unhelpful in my refund requests, i strongly advise and encourage everyone to get a refund and to not support this game any longer, it is NOT worth the time or effort.Additional edit: the devs are just plain rude towards ANYONE who does not ""understand"" their plan. To be clear, their plan is to cut the game up to what amounts to basically ribbons, and then sell you each ribbon for pretty much twice its actual value. Does that sound fair? No? Dont buy it."
76561198051316142,Not Recommended,316430,14705481,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SGZ***71,As a big fan of MOW series I figured I'd give this a go  but was not expecting it to be quite so similar.    I've resisted buying MOW Assault Squad 2   because I didn't like paying again for essentially the same game  when there are numerous excellent free mods available for the original.   Much was my surprise then when I got into  BoE  to find it 99.8% genetically identical to MOW.   Some tiny differences in UI   and of  course WW1 instead of WW2.That said it's as thrilling and engaging as MOW -  just don't expect a different game !6/10   (  9 out of 10 if I'd never played MOW).
,Recommended,316430,14891749,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,RemmySC,Shot one 210 mm HE shell into about 200 British soldiers and killed all of them. 10/10.
76561198029658322,Not Recommended,316430,17191887,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,No More! CS.MONEY,"Yeah, yeah.... DLC..."
76561198139941502,Not Recommended,316430,15552499,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Colonel Buttermilk Hotcakes,"When i First saw it, I thought i had to get it! When i played, reading the menu was sad!I like games like Men of War and i love games like Company of heros 2. I was thinking it was like those in WWI.I was very wrong. Maybe not very wrong but wrong. The campaigns are lacking, voice acting is terrible, there is not a""custom match"" mode and more!I like range of vehicles with the tanks and armored cars. The gamplay is nice. But it doesn't compare to COH2 or MOW.I'm not happy with this game. The Devs might add some more stuff in the future but, this game would be WAY better with ""custom match"" modes.3/10, No... Just no... Yet."
,Not Recommended,316430,33771368,Posted: 24 July,all,fun man [d0c!],You can't right click to move units. Inconcievable design choice.
,Not Recommended,316430,17183788,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Chantion,they promised no dlc.
76561198102908210,Recommended,316430,23477099,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Unknownuser32,Deffinetly one of the best strategy games i've played once you figure out how to get your way around the game.
,Not Recommended,316430,16429338,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Corrosion,"Needs more maps for multiplayer, needs to increase points available in multiplayer, needs more types of units for multiplayer, needs better ai."
76561198163293967,Not Recommended,316430,32345786,Posted: 11 June,all,ＦＵＳＣＵＳ,Expensive ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little buggy game.
76561198008896532,Not Recommended,316430,33751040,Posted: 23 July,all,JOE1st,bunch of reskin dlc crooked bandits for devolopers
76561198170095223,Recommended,316430,26092836,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Sneaky Gamer,"Battle of Empires  is a great game! You don't need a great PC to run it. There is mods and its creators are a great company! The community is friendly!  Great Campaign, Graphics, Editor, and More! 9/10"
76561198139606829,Not Recommended,316430,30026691,Posted: 18 February,all,Robert,It is hard to play multiplay.....
76561198174270711,Not Recommended,316430,23821215,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Brisbane Broncos,Game sucks. Lacks eveything needed for a good RTS.
,Recommended,316430,17312785,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Doug,Best time I've ever had listening to an old constipated Frenchman scream about Germans.
76561198014071868,Not Recommended,316430,15648510,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,vitocorleone,"i'd played men of war, but this is garbage.. i want a refund"
76561197991952990,Not Recommended,316430,28683354,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HauptmannFIN,I tried it and asked for refund.
76561198170239742,Recommended,316430,22401888,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,afeschyn,i found the missons to be meh at best but the thing i liked  the most was th editor. the editor was the fun out of the game and those who wine about the rest of the missons are in dlc whould you like more dumbly hard badly voiced missons. so get the game for the editor and the mods like the cold war mod.
76561198101497855,Recommended,316430,14743407,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,General Melchett,it is lots of fun
76561198079757518,Not Recommended,316430,16561637,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hermann,"Yeah as a big men of war fan i can say you can buy this game but never for 20$ ,if it is an dlc for 5$ (or free) , i would buy it ."
76561198105634320,Recommended,316430,25120844,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Rampant Potato,good
,Not Recommended,316430,20282072,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chigger,"I was willing to put aside the blatant dishonosty and greed of the developers, and give them the benifit of the doubt. When I first started the game i thought: ""oh good, this is men of war in ww1"". unfortunatly, they emulated the absolute worst part of the MOW games.... The friggin stealth missions.... I only played this about an hour, but after trying several different missions, I could see this was what most of the game would be.... Really guys? WW1 was not about stealth. I really don't know why the devs thought trying to emulate the worst parts of the MOW campains was a good idea, but they pretty much ruined what looked like the first awsome WW1 RTS.Maybe the multi player is better. I don't know, didn't try it and I don't really care. There are other obvous issues, such as awful voice acting and writing(errors all over the place), lack of any history or narrative, or the chaos and brutality of the war not being conveyed.TLDR:Awful single player, awful writing, lack of detail completly ruins it. Unless you just want MP, avoid this."
76561198082870061,Recommended,316430,17183266,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Do YoU lIkE MEIN KAMPF?,DUmb Question WIll you be adding german and serbian campaign?
76561198038124394,Not Recommended,316430,31815538,Posted: 17 May,all,AGB_Mus_Matt,do not get it this game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥looks terrible plays just as bad as it looks do not get it waste of money get AS1 or AS2 and get the WW1 mods 100% better then this garbage
,Not Recommended,316430,15203325,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,bienhofer,WTF?No German campaign in a WW I game ???Thats like a steakhouse with a vegan dinner card.
,Not Recommended,316430,15774598,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Bizzle,okay game good visual but basicly a limited version of mow!!!
,Not Recommended,316430,15499532,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,King Stannis Baratheon,"There is no British, German, Austrian or Ottoman campaign and without those I cannot reccomend this game. While the French and Russian campagins offer variety in missions, unless there is an update with more campaigns I cannot reccomend this game. In terms of gameplay it is similar to Men of War, but it is similar to World War 1 in that artillery and machine guns win battles. The voice acting is quite bad too, but I would not hold off buying the game just because of that. You can also create your own missions so if you really want the game, have experiance with the MOW engine map editor and don't care about playing campaigns then for all means buy it. This reveiw is completly subjective."
,Not Recommended,316430,22045096,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SimonjoBGR,">Create a MoW clone>Set it to WW1>""It's basically not MoW clone bcuz it's WW1 and has some new mechanics"">Cut some core fragments from the game and sell it as DLC>Keep on milking it>After milking the playerbase don't fix the bugs and balancce issues, because it will only waste those hard made money from the DLCs!>Profit"
76561198086490827,Not Recommended,316430,20712542,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,TheRadRussian,I downloaded the video game and it didnt come with an editor
,Not Recommended,316430,20637932,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,E- la -in,"First off, I'm not saying the game is bad in any way, it is well made. But if you are looking for smaller micromanagement style missions that Soldiers: Heroes of WW2 has, this is not it.Dev comment: ""game should be about big dirty and bloody battles, not about stealth.""<original review>:Pricing of this game is not the issue. To get everything you pay 32 euros, check the ""Read me before you buy"".The problem for me with this game is that there are no individual soldiers. Even if there is, you have no time for them. You simply have too many men to control to have time for your soldiers. Soldiers: Heroes of WW2 was based on managing and caring of individual soldiers, not more than 5 or six at a time. With that amount in RTS you can still care for their well being, health, ammunition and actually about placing them in good positions.Also in this game (maybe more realistic but not very playable) your soldiers die immediately from one hit. Before you had health that allowed even some sort of ""dash to safety"". This might change with difficulty level but again SHoWW2 level of difficulty is very had even with health / bandages / revive.How Battle of Empires does good or better if compared to old skool Soldiers: Heroes of WW2? Graphics is nicer, some enhancements in inventory system. The controls are a step up from SHoWW2 as well as Direct Control with WASD now.However all the around 12 missions we tried, most of them started with maybe 4-30 units in command and map full of other allies. The mission? ""Defend against a large enemy"" or ""attack the enemy trenches"". This proves difficult and not much fun when your framerates start to drop and you start to lose focus of individual soldiers. Now I get the idea developers were after: WW1 was much like this, big groups running towards each other. But surely there were some more covert fights also where you could have only smaller number of troops? There could be missions with focus on smaller units but I couldn't find any.I understand they want the big fights but this engine is not the right one for this. Already with Men of War the focus started to widen too much from the individual soldier:Well, like their name says:Soldiers: Heroes of WW2 (about individual soldiers, heroes)- The best game with this engine!Men of War- Already men, not man. Good game, not so much stealth missions. Already started to have too large fightsBattle of Empires- Like the name says big battle between empires, no focus on individual soldierMy advice to developers is:with GEM engine, please create games more focused on individual soldiers."
76561198046860062,Not Recommended,316430,16154038,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Epsilon,Men die way to fast and the price needs to drop.
76561198066848292,Recommended,316430,17143236,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Eureka!,"Awsome, tanks are not OP!!!!, frontlines you can spam overwhelming amounts of infantry to win the day!!! Infantry stop and shoot instead of runing brainlessly!!! Combat needs a 1v1 or 2v2 standard trench on trench combat map though. 9/10Could have better maps. Other wise its perfect"
76561198033984598,Recommended,316430,22738670,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Animono,7/10
76561198107483609,Not Recommended,316430,15526937,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Barbull,"Alright lets get started, first off they put way to much weird♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game like oh you can control and play every single soldier you have to heal them individually, you have to remember and find the one you need to give ammo too out of like a hundred, but you will want to kill who ever designed the controls for the soldiers, i told my soldiers to run around an artillery position and I did all the proper controls, but first they decided to lay down in front of them and get shelled. Then after i told them to get back up they did but also decided to run backwards then stop turn around and start shooting randomly until they just sort of died. I cannot stress enough how bad of a game this is. And i loveeeeeeeeee strategy games, i would love this game if it wasnt so stupid with its impossible to change camera angles, horrible controls that make me lose the battle i have spent 20 minutes fighting to win. or very vague instructions like hey take the hill... when there are no hills or like 5, defend the field, which one? there are fields everywhere?? You will also want to kill someone because you will spend 10 minutes trying to give an artillery unit the ammo it needs while your being shot at because some weird voodoo witch magic wont let you without some PHD in applied ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not worth 20 bucks, not even worth 5 bucks. save your money and go buy porn you will get far more hours of enjoyment out of it than with this game."
,Not Recommended,316430,30805023,Posted: 28 March,all,乃ﾉGGﾉモ,:(
,Not Recommended,316430,17515351,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Vidkun Quisling,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,316430,21807602,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tuquito,"The graphics are old and lacking, but acceptable, the voice acting shouldn't have ever existed, and gameplay straight up fails in comparison to any other title. The purchasing system is off but does make sense once you research how they sell you this poor product in a bunch of different pieces.  Play Men of War or Company of Heroes instead."
76561197992595192,Not Recommended,316430,18574423,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SethP2343,"Simple as this.  Dev made a game many people looked forward to, decided to sell the rest of the 4 campaigns they promised, then used the logic (insert ♥♥♥♥♥♥ russian accent) ""WELL KOMRADE, WE MAY NO SAY WE SELL OTHER COMPAIGNS, BUT WE ALSO NO SAY WE NOT SELL OTHER COMPAIGNS, NOSTROVIA!""  Well devs, see how long your little company lasts when you decide to ♥♥♥♥ over your customer base. I guarantee you won't see 5 more years."
76561198012840797,Not Recommended,316430,20392774,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,﴾ ┘ꚛ└ ﴿ -AdmirableBoot,"really? these devs want your money. the alpha had promise but they cut it short for money. want a amazing ww1 game? buy VERDUN, those devs can make an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,316430,19114108,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,PC 4 Life,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC Cashgrab
,Not Recommended,316430,17182238,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Envy,Devs seem more interested in having more DLC more so than fixing the game or actually making a decent product.
,Not Recommended,316430,20300942,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Joe Clueless,Greedy f*cks...
76561198254469023,Not Recommended,316430,19198582,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,george197211,numi place
,Recommended,316430,18063177,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Hawkeye,Have to buy DLC Campaign  even though it should already be in the game GG10/11 Whould buy DLC for camgiagns again  keep up the DLC
76561198045422843,Recommended,316430,32364709,Posted: 12 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Battle of Empires : 1914-1918
76561198102500354,Not Recommended,316430,32240002,Posted: 7 June,all,Saladhunter,This game crashes alot and has bad controls
,Recommended,316430,16461173,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Steady Strummin,"Just in time for opposite day I got my review in. So here goes. I'll start with the good things first, then moving on to the bad.-The voice acting is absolutely superb. From what I understand they used actors who were actually members of the nationalities they were speaking as. Each mission introduction gives deep insight onto what you're supposed to be doing and you can very easily find yourself getting sucked in by the authenticity of the mission briefing.-There are always multiplayer games available. I've never had to wait an hour in the lobby without finding a game.-The graphics are absolutely amazing. I'm running it through a GTX 770 and it can make my computer choke like a dog on the max settings.Now for the bad.-The game has no strategy to it. The factions are totally unbalanced and some weapons are way too overpowered. You can basically just spam infantry because machine guns won't cut them down.-The historical accuracy is way off. The weapons aren't correct for the period and you don't get any kind of historical background on why or how they were used.-The campaign sucks. The missions are boring and repetitive. No variety really.-The developers have basicaly abandoned the game, they haven't supported it at all since launch.P.S. Since some of you will be reading this not on opposite day, just swap the meanings of all my points. If you're into strategy games and/or WWI weapons and tactis, this game is worth picking up."
76561198060122780,Recommended,316430,16254569,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MystiK,needs more armies to play as like the british empire and the germans
76561198049996888,Not Recommended,316430,25460052,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lazy G,dont buy it just a waste of money and the dlc are also a waste
,Not Recommended,316430,21283999,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Amphore,DLC stack? LOOOOOOOOL ??????
,Not Recommended,316430,29735272,Posted: 5 February,all,Biologique,bad
76561197964142985,Not Recommended,316430,21552405,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Teddy,"Bought this game back in 2014, Thought i was getting 4 Different campaigns from 4 diffrent nations when it was finished. turns out you dont get that at all, Their website clearly stated a while back, that upon purchasing ""Battle of Empires 1914-1918"" you'd get a game alike men of war, featuring 4 campaigns: The Russian, The British, The French and the German...Now Its all about DLC packages you have to buy."
76561198001235146,Not Recommended,316430,14582704,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jon157uk,"I've been sitting here for 37 minutes hitting 'enter' , 'spacebar', 'end', 'page up and down' and God knows what else and absolutley nothing is happening. So amongst the euforia of people getting a new game, I'm affriad I can not agree with them, this game looks quite nice and the idea is great but this control system is totally pants and you even struggle to do a tutorial under instruction from a voice that you can hardly hear because you can't turn down the music. OK, it's early access right enough but it needs to book it's ideas up big time before I'd recommend anyone even looking at it.(Review subject to change if things get fixed )."
,Not Recommended,316430,27851171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,123,i didint like the gameplay
,Not Recommended,316430,17244829,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DoubleOBond,"Loud, too talkative, camera movement is choppy.  Was hoping for more."
,Not Recommended,316430,15614767,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with confusing and boring
,Recommended,316430,15497240,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sunboy Solaire,Do i have to buy this game again
,Not Recommended,316430,21562531,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Thug Life,"As usual with the men of war series, unbeilievably terrible voice acting,  and tiny improvements to justify a big price tag.Oh, and this was originally a free mod."
,Not Recommended,316430,21447972,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,optomus prime leader of autobots,"I love this game but I'm gonna have to give it a hard no in its current state. I remember seeing this game on Moddb as a mod for Men of War. Normal men of war. I was so excited to play it and thought it looked really cool. I waited, waited, waited. Then it finally came out on steam as an early access game in my Freshman year of college. I was so excited, I had been waiting for it since my Freshman year of highschool. Imagine the disappointment I felt when I purchased the game in Early Access and didn't get the full thing when it was ""fully released"". Yeah, Don't buy this game."
76561198039110814,Not Recommended,316430,29318677,Posted: 17 January,all,General Erwin Rommel,this game is #### save your money go play something other then this EA can come up with something batter then this .
,Recommended,316430,17778428,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,OD [IZK SGT] NotGpless,"Pros: Plays like Men of War, good gameplay, Trenchs, ""FUR DIE KAISER!""Cons: No Austro-Hungarian Empire faction.10/10 would murder 1,000 soldiers with a MG again."
,Not Recommended,316430,20362653,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Glarfl,"Launched gameMenu looked familiarLaunched tutorialGameplay engine (everything except textures and vehicles) from men of war, faces of war or soldiers of warGame not made by best way (Devs of war series) and is in fact a mod.Looks up game nameFinds MOD DB page for Men of war for this exact game without the DLC and singeplayer:http://www.moddb.com/mods/battle-of-empires-1914-1918Asks for Refund.Wouldn't buy monetised mods again."
,Not Recommended,316430,21084728,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wuterich,"Earlier I would've given a good review, but I won't even bother now with the devs shameless money grabbing, demanding money for the playability in SP for the main factions? Charging money for modes that should be in a WWI rts game? No... this is shameless.Not only that but the missions I've played have mostly been sloppy and poorly done, not to mention a lot of bugs and other crap.I supported this game from early on, and the devs truly let me down.I recommend the MP only for those interested, don't feed their shameless greed.I know I'm boicotting these guys, and I will warn everyone else to do it too."
,Not Recommended,316430,30742826,Posted: 25 March,all,Soup_Coup,bad.
76561198293194337,Not Recommended,316430,30594238,Posted: 18 March,all,ninaenni,this game is no fun
76561198190118341,Recommended,316430,23085847,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SE Imx2,"good gameplay, dlc and mods make it better! dont pay attention to bad reviews"
76561198396642384,Not Recommended,316430,33547132,Posted: 14 July,all,Senhor Bife A Milanesa,bad gameplay
,Not Recommended,316430,21844222,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Painless,Waste of money.  Nothing more than a DLC simulator.
76561198152917056,Not Recommended,316430,14450793,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,tomclarke1987,i cannot do anything as the mouse icon is never anywere neer wear it is ment to be if i click in the middle of of page its always up in the left hand corner now was of sorting it as ive tryed.
,Not Recommended,316430,16827989,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Iron,Same engine as two years ago.
76561198061522091,Not Recommended,316430,13990466,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,JoeShmoe,"Ehhhh.. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that units run slower than my grandma in a wheelchair. Also you can only select a few units at time, making a full out charge a huge ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198007315476,Not Recommended,316430,14743914,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,lefonque,Cannot get this game to work spent too many hour trying to get it to start . Total rubbish it it was free it would still cost too much. Do not get this game!!!!!!
76561198044840989,Not Recommended,316430,30440012,Posted: 10 March,all,jimgray82,THIS GAME SUCKS BECAUSE THE EDITOR FOR ME THE SCREEN IS HALF COVERED IN BLACK THE WHEN I START IT I CAN MOVE THE CAMERA
,Not Recommended,316430,14607168,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"Overall a very bad game.I have played Heroes of WW2, Men of War, Men of War Assault Squad, and Men of War Assault Squad 2. I think I have a good grasp of the games, with MOW: AS being my favorite (Over 400 hours in that game).Someone said, this game looks good, and naturally because I've played for so long, I gave it a shot. I was sorely disapointed.Men of War: Assault Squad (MOW:AS) completely changed the game. It was the first of the series that introduced the squad system, first of the games that introduced heroic units, streamlined the game play and made it fast paced. The selection of units were great, with different weapons for different nations, on top of tanks and other distinct advantages. It only got better from there with MOW: AS2. Better graphics, steam matchmaking, rankings, and a good amount of updates.So with things getting better and better, I expected this to be in line. New concepts, new heroes, new abilities, different tactics. Right? Nope. At the moment, you are presented with a reskined MOW: AS.So let's talk about the game on it's own merit. Arty has imensely high lethality. Some might say this is a good thing, and I respect that, but for me all it does is increase the reliance on arty instead of managing the men up front. The heavy arty does come later in the game, with tanks making appearences before the heavy guns. With such lethality, you care less about your men. Tanks? Clumsy, and while it may represent the historical setting, the fact of the matter is there. You have a small unit pool. The interace is garbage. Any improvement on the interface? NOPE.Armour penetration chances? I have yet to see it. Messages about damaged parts on a vehicles? Yet to see it.The game focuses a lot on infantry, and emplacement/light guns to get people out of areas. A different type of shell (Shrapnel) that explodes over the area is a simple grenade type ability to stop people from camping, or to counter MG's. It's my line vs yours, as I'll position my arty and blast whatever I see. Snorefest.There really isn't anything else to talk about. The Campaign is pretty bland, it's tough to form an attachment with terrible voice overs that can die in seconds. Some people might like the campaign, I persoanlly didn't like shooting a bunch of men trying to attack a line. For now, DON'T BUY THIS GAME. It brings nothing new to the table, aside from a horse unit, and a shrapnel shot that arty unit's can use."
76561198161654275,Not Recommended,316430,14007896,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FappingJohn,"Can't believe this piece of shi t cost 15 dollars. Not playable at all. rifle range is longer than previous mod and accuracy is high as fuc k. you send in a squad to the battlefield and they will die out in 5 seconds. Do not tell me this is realistic, all I care about is if it can be properly operated and this piece of shi t is clearly unoperateable. Three enemy killed my whole squad with tandard rifles 300 ft away, standing, while my men were laying in the bushes, wtf? Kiss my♥♥♥♥♥editors."
76561198008336937,Not Recommended,316430,13681393,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ϟϟ Dlw4456 ϟϟ,"Do not buy now. so far they only have a french campaign, only frontline and co-op with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unit selection and you can just fire past spawn protection. wait another year until they update cuz its as long as it took the modb when it was gonna be free which is about how much this is worth."
76561198020282579,Not Recommended,316430,13656440,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,German Croisdale,"This game is one the worstgames just do to the ""Early Acess"" the campagin is the worst I have ever played I assumed it would be a trench fighter but instead its a stealth fighter rts where I have 4 guys trying to kill 100 guys with spot on arty that can hit you from 5 feet."
,Not Recommended,316430,14768003,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Seafox123,The third mission sucks it is the worst game they ever made give me my $15.00 back this game suck NO ONE LIKES RECON MISSIONS!!!!!!!!!
76561198043490563,Not Recommended,316430,13624488,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Faux Chad,Its messed up  the GEM editor will not let you copy and paste and thats the whole reason i got the game is for the editor if the fix it its a pretty good mod
76561198167589026,Not Recommended,316430,13535926,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,comradehms,"would not work with my mouse,  game uncontrolable.  Had to manually shut down my computer to end it.  I have a Dell Studio  XPS with a wireless mouse.  Looked great on Youtube and maybe it is but not on my computer/"
,Not Recommended,316430,13600546,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MonkeyNut,It's a mess! The interface is confusing and the game is painful. A poor mans version of company of heros.
76561198103665103,Not Recommended,316430,13414114,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mr Gumby,all is good in the game BUT the editor is crap. buggy .
76561198143061421,Not Recommended,316430,13955584,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,james_clarky,Broken game with broken money hungry devs
76561198112152878,Recommended,316430,15862785,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,boohoohaha,mouse is offset  as in the little mouse you see seects something a cintimeter up and left of it which makes it impossible to play the gme skillfully therefor without even playing a game im fully justified in saying you cant play it...(THAT WAS OLD REVIEW) THIS NEW ONE HAS THE FIXX FOR THE PROBLEM MENTIONED EARLIER  GO TO SETTINGS AND SWITCH IT TO FULLSCREEN MODE (I KNOW ITS HARD BUT TRY YOUR BEST)
,Recommended,316430,17275745,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,boxmonkey99,Still has that classic terrible voice acting like in the original Men of War series.
76561197979033030,Recommended,316430,17287220,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Assault Sniper,So Awesome! easy to learn. good game.
76561198194133814,Not Recommended,316430,17363383,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,samuelkingno1,worst game ever do not buy
76561198254458162,Not Recommended,316430,18425929,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dreamscatandcarp,my cursor is way off on the game i cant select the lower part of the game which is anoying if anything can be done to fix it would be greatful
,Not Recommended,316430,13481559,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,loktar,"**EDIT** Unfortunately due to the devs charging seperately for every piece of content I'm changing my rating to a no. The developers are really trying to take advantage of the community with this one.**original early access review**I'm a sucker for anything made with the Gem engine. If you enjoyed Men of War, Faces of War, or Soldiers Heroes of WWII you should enjoy this game. Note this is not really like Assault Squad, more like the original Men of War.Pros- An RTS that focuses on WWI, something thats rare in and of itself.- Crazy in depth unit management, each unit, and vehicle has its own inventory.- Everything can be used or captured by you. See an enemy using a machine gun? Kill him and take it, running low on ammo? Search a dead body and scavenge some. See an artilery gun you want? Kill the crew and use it against the enemy.- Physics are kickass as always, fully destructible buildings and vehicles.Cons- Doesn't look as good as Men of War, something about the uniforms just looks off with the lighting."
,Not Recommended,316430,18657960,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RuNNoLa,"I'm finally gonna make my review on this sinking ship.I loved the idea when this was a mod and I still followed it when it became a greenlit game. It is a fun and enjoyable experience at first but the gamemodes make little sence and get quickly boring if you're not playing with a very very good friend of yours. The gamemodes are not at all what you would expect and are really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you take it in as a whole.Cooperative could possibly be the only fun you can have for the duration of the campain but there is where we hit another problem.Selling the SP missions as DLC really does it for me. Not only is the game lacking in content (It got the basics set.) but not being able to see what the devs have to show for is really disturbing when greeted by such a nauseating pricetag. Sounds are not great either which makes the super pricetag just a dealbreaker.I have had a good good time playing this game when it was first released here on steam and I was actually looking forward to things. But now I'm just going to let it sink into the void and stop recomending the game for friends and mow players in general.""Battle of Empires :1914-1918 is a story driven RTS, that re-lives some of the bloodiest battles of “The Great War”.""If you have the money to spend sure. I did and was severely dissapointed.""The graphics have been developed to show the beauty and horrors of “The Great War”. ""Poor vissuals and awful sounds makes this beauty and horrors of ""The Great War"" send real shivers down your spine and not in an exciting way.3/10 because they added a Multiplayer-only for a low pricetag. Hell I got the game for 14 eu and that was high enough for this piece crap. -RuNNoLa"
76561198161661130,Not Recommended,316430,18659859,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Eric Harris,This plays like a bad men of war mod.
,Not Recommended,316430,15679428,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tom,"I write this review as this game is only at it's beginning in development. I know with certainty that this game has great potential, since the Men of War fans will thrive in this community due to the familiar interface.Review Updated: 11/1/2015Stay away. These developers are greedy. This game also gets old after awihle because there is a small variety of maps and units. Now I understand why so few developers pursue World War One themed games. Something they could have tried here is use the barely existing aircraft ingame for players' advantage. Honestly, I don't think this game is worth the money anymore. The first section of my review really reflects upon how the game was looked upon before it was finally submitted as being completed."
76561198111612492,Recommended,316430,18270830,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,bobito1464,I personally love this game and believe that it has come a long way from the start of the game creation.
,Not Recommended,316430,18273081,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Spears,glitchy broken game in single and editor. not worth actual money to be honest
76561198131734493,Recommended,316430,18299973,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,An unnecessary gas tax,"If you enjoy world war 1, stratagy, and bad voice acting then this game is for you!"
76561198217615956,Not Recommended,316430,18256386,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ethan.terman,the ♥♥♥♥ing editor is♥♥♥♥♥♥because everything is backwards compared to other games like this plus every time i make a map on editor it never saves its annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥if anyone can explain please do.
,Recommended,316430,18258244,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,87stevick,"I installed the game like they say, AND I payd the price to Steam but, All I have on m to==y screen is a menue that doesn't have a reaction wen you press on ""play"" or ""properties"" or ...whatever.  It's like a photo on my screen.  Can anyone tell me what Ido wrong, what I could do to correct the situation?  ..It's so frustrating hen you buy a game and when you install it ith STEAM, by pushing on te PLAY button, and Follow the instructions, it WON'T WORK!!  I'm not kidding...  I bought many, I mean.. many games from Steam a couple of years before.  The Customer Service was just Great but now, I'm trying to play that Game since I bought it but I ain't succeeded.Please somebody DO something."
76561198037177960,Not Recommended,316430,18245632,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,.-.,"I really wanted to like this game but the off putting voice acting, terrible rifle sounds and of course the cash grab through having to buy the campaigns is just way too much for me."
76561198088464489,Recommended,316430,18246697,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,FortySpark,it is a great game but i hate it how it has no skirmish what so ever but the actual campain is good
,Recommended,316430,18090219,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Nikita Nefedyev,"@Advice for any Russian mission-Motherland in danger,everything is lost.Tovarish!Here 4 cossacks+Partisans,now organise sabotage in the German rear (dont forget destroy machine-guns!) and then launch massive attack by human wave@Advice for any French mission-OH F@CK! Luis!Luis!!We were f@cked by German command!Its a trap!German Artillery!Organise defence,now!!!@Advice for any British missionJohn...John!Are you ok man?Damn,im alone with more than 1000000000 Elite Germans soldiers on map.Time to find my division.And launch counter-attack by human wave!!!Final:1917/1917 Will lauch human wave again"
76561198093265805,Not Recommended,316430,17220054,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gordon from Gordon,meh Men of war has more replay value
,Recommended,316430,17246300,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SgtUnable,its fun but today every timed i tried to login in it would crash and say exception acsess violation ? i sent report still waiting but does any one know how to help
76561198174406615,Recommended,316430,17528647,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Fredericus Rex,this a cool game but i was only able to play it for two days because when i tried to launch it said program will be terminated and exeption aceces violation. But anyways its a very good game and i had the problem for two weeks now so please fix it
,Recommended,316430,20132789,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Eros,can ura charge. russia rates 10 cossack vodkas/cheeki breeki
,Recommended,316430,16419985,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Winston_,pew pewempire
,Recommended,316430,16478773,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beech,Great game wuold recommend it to anyone
,Recommended,316430,20131090,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SPACEMUHRINE,"While it's not perfect, it's a good game. Combat varies depending on which mission, but there are generally 2 themes. First off, there's the mobile, tactic focused battles. These are very enjoyable, and quite a challenge. The other is a battle of attrition. The game makes resource management of individual soldiers a priority, and so you must adapt to where the enemy are assaulting, which units have the most ammo, and watching out constantly for gas and artillery.That's another thing the game does well: the horrors of war are shown brilliantly. The game may be simple in design, but there is an odd feeling to watching row upon row of these soldiers get slaughtered by new weaponary. Get attached to Olivier? Bam, he just killed by a mortar. Henri? He just got shot. You get the ideaOnly downsides are graphics and voice acting. Animations aren't actually that bad. Another downside is the DLC thing, but in a way this makes it easy for you to pick and choose what parts you actually want to do. However, while I get the intention, I don't like it.Overall, good game, could do with improvements. 7.75/10"
76561198014744708,Recommended,316430,18830536,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,splatteryou_2,"I'd give this game a neutral if i could, Dont get me wrong, its a good game but as many have said it feels more like a dlc or mod than an actual game. I dont no if others suffer with the problem i find the charactor controlled players are a bit... stupid i.e the just stand the and dont shoot esapecially vehicals.  They dont engage [manouver, turn etc] to the enemy and when they do half of the time get  them self stuck. I have to constantly take control of the vehical its self and move and direct its action which is very time consuming, specially when theres more than one vehical in a battle and in many cases for me anyway many lost battles. The soldiers most of the time dont fire back unless extremly close... e.g beyonet close and machine guns and arty are ridculously accurate."
76561198020995470,Recommended,316430,16813332,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,"KenT""Benito""JesuS",awsome game! And the thing i mostly like is the gas warfare and the gasmasks!
,Recommended,316430,16817369,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,I love this game but I am no fan of the controls...but if it was like Men of War2 it would be a 8/10 game
76561198066035141,Recommended,316430,16830355,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,A deplorable,One of the best games I ever played. Why to go guys Keep it up.
76561198135853397,Recommended,316430,16207224,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,K3LL0,Great game 10/10Controls are diffrent just need to get use to emEXCELLENT EDITOR!Verdun shall be made
76561198192331841,Recommended,316430,15861898,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CashMoneyMillions,"best 3 person game i've played, just wish you unlocked new troops in network and could level up troops to make them better."
76561198169188693,Recommended,316430,15116084,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mr Vote,if you like men of war you will love this game though I think the tanks are a little weak and need to be reworked but I still love the game
76561198119679541,Recommended,316430,15148057,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,lavapig,"I think this is the best game I've ever played.The tutorial is confusing, but once you get past it, its WAY more fun.Face it, if your reading these reviews, you're already going to buy the game.  Stop wasting time and get in the trenches.Also, i've noticed several people complaining of the new bug, that was introduced with one of the last couple updates.  Simply erase the local data and reinstall, your progress WILL BE SAVED.  Everything should work again :)"
76561198206695448,Recommended,316430,15149677,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,szakeri85,very nice game very but i have two questions when will be the russian campain be ready and in the editor it dosent have the french campain what do i do
76561198141673667,Recommended,316430,15316367,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jesamm,"Haven't really got into it yet but the use of left mouse button only is driving me crazy, played too many hours of  mowas2, is it possible to change the mouse button usage?"
76561198102162057,Recommended,316430,15301966,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,protege,the game is really fun and its the most realtic ww1 you will find.  Everything down to the rifts and tanks work/act like you would think the actual ww1 weapons would.
,Recommended,316430,14812739,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kissing_smol_imouto_neko_loli,"Pros:-Good variety of campaign missions,somewhat outdated graphics(which is good, at least for me :p),brutal and realistic gameplay.Cons:-Music(You will be pulling your hair out within 2 hours.)-Max 16 man squads-Directions in campaign are not always clear.Conclusion:A promising game with a lot of potential."
76561198128235974,Recommended,316430,14783075,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dvictory85,The best ww1 game i've plyed yet..
,Recommended,316430,14785457,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,thebobfargo | PornHub.com,This game is going places and I recommend you buy it. The only problem is that not many people have it. It is frequently updated and it seems that the developers are working hard.
76561198140250085,Recommended,316430,14801311,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Animal Mother,Men of war is old....But thisis new! Many new factions (better then the men of war ones) Really cool and awesome!
76561197999494448,Recommended,316430,14697731,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Paratrooper82,"Yes Early Access but one of the good ones! Every wanted to play WWI in a realistic setting? Then get this game. I got it 2 days ago and I am addicted to it. The multiplayer is fun and the compaign is good as well.If you like sending multitudes of infantry to their death and destroy every little thing, including buildings with your mortars and artillery, then this game is for you :DOf course it needs some tweeking and I hope they keep patching it, making it run smoother, better maps, bigger battles etc.As of right now I highly recommend this game! IT IS FUN!"
76561198037642162,Recommended,316430,14602238,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sorokin42,"Great game, all the historical units and different nations are wonderful. The acting was ""meh"", but the gameplay and editor is awesome."
76561198087579324,Recommended,316430,14032643,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The Big Minh,"Well this game is everything a die hard WW1 and men of war fan could want do your self a favor and buy this indie gem and support the community instead of the triple A crap we a used too ""cough,Cough"" E.A I mean what more could you want :)"
76561198007474719,Recommended,316430,14320347,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Painkiller6363,Got the new update today and for some reason it is saying that the gem2 engine is not working for some reason. Both the game and editor program are not responding when I try to open them through Steam.
76561198009761169,Recommended,316430,14284247,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Atrin,"My summaryPros:> Great game play> Large dynmaic battle fields, ability to comant toops> Sense of scale, lots of troops fighting at once> It is fun if you are comanding a large number of troops or just one> Gives you a sense of WWI eara warefar, its weappons, how it was fought, and its scale> Maps are well developed, missions are fun> Good realismCons:> Voice acting is very poor and they could have worked a bit better on the English grammer.  Having said that it in no way compramises the game play so although it would be nice to have French soldiers with French accents, diddo for other nations, it is not a must.> Difficault to comand large numbers of troops.  Can be confusing trying to find the right troops in the right part the battlefield at the right time, but then again that could be considered to enhance its realism so its not so bad.Overall this game is a great accomplishment and I look forward to seeing it develop further."
76561198006652137,Recommended,316430,13950379,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lespaulchen,"It's really funny to solve the quests, but some things are difficult to handle, in this moment of the developement.I should distroy a bridge: Why i can't stop the fire of the gun to save shots, especially when it's clear, that the gun can't distroy the bridge! I should give the gun a new direction to stop fire?! Should this be normal? When the comand stands on ""stop fire"", it should gife only one shot, when i give the (one) fire-comand. When i give a shot to the wooden bridge, i reach ma gole with the first shot, but the gun fires shot by shot till it's empty. Does this make sense?When i like to move a gun without horse, i first have to said to the gun ""go to the horse"". Then i can give any direction to the gun, without horse, but it's difficult to stop this mode?!?."
76561198055635606,Recommended,316430,14021576,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sarge,One of the only WWI games that uses the men of war engine
76561198105630266,Recommended,316430,14332448,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,inner peace,lol love the game and its so damn awesome but today i updated my game and it no longer works ...sooo yeah i will give it some time but fingers tied
76561198033403483,Recommended,316430,13526746,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[3rdAR(Co.B)]1stSgt S. LaRoche,"Built of the Men of War engine, While currently lacking in content I would highly recommend any fans of the RTS genre or fans of history that you pick this up. It is certainly the best $15 I have spent in a while."
76561198062871838,Recommended,316430,13695221,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,James Kain,"Keeping in mind its still in testing, its EPIC. I cant wait to see what its like all polished up! The artilary is awesome and slapping down som machine guns in a nice over watch is pricless. A huge group comes along infront of your machine gun, just like what happend in real life, makes quick work of them. Some of the splash area for the artiliary maybe OP but its part of what made it so much fun!"
,Recommended,316430,14990143,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The TorAAAH!!,FIX THIS GAME PLEASE I have so much fun playing this game and then I cant even play it because it keep crashing this might be my computer but if it actually i a problem THEN PLEASE FIX IT overall this game is good if you have a good computer which I dont have
76561198093453134,Recommended,316430,15011946,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anthony sullivan (Trading),"A very good game. Although not the most pleasing in looks, it is a very fun game and i would recommend this game to all of my freinds"
76561198048108721,Recommended,316430,14914722,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,"Archer, Leader of the Gorgonites",should be called Men of War 1914-1918
76561198035584095,Recommended,316430,20156346,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Warrior,This games pretty good. a few negative reviews put me off at first but its actually great to play online. its kinda an alternative to playing Men of War now its been shut down lots of fun and pretty cheap !!!!!!!
76561198005023565,Not Recommended,316430,15101899,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PhantomPower,game was promising at first but instead of fixing issues and giving the content they promised the developers decided to make us pay for new content whilst not addressing any of the many many problems the game has....also the voice acting will make you want to die
76561198006838004,Not Recommended,316430,16814926,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WatRED51,"Thumbs Sideways.....Bad: Horrid Voice acting, easily the worst of any game I have played.  Same 2 guys doing all the voices and they are sooo bad it is comical and detracts from an otherwise good game.  Turn the sound down and read the lines.  Game overall is alright but just cant get into this one."
,Not Recommended,316430,14789267,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,F L E S H P R I S M,early access was amazing and all thatuntil they changed the camera angle and the sortthe game is still good but i literally cringe whenever i see the camera anglethey had no reason to change itwhynot to mention the horrifying DLC for the game- ayy heres a tank DLC you can make in the ♥♥♥♥ing editor in 20 minutes at very least- ayy you also have to buy the campaigns for the gameenjoy if its even possible
76561198106306168,Recommended,316430,17274394,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,walkintree93,i love these type of games!
76561198159886538,Not Recommended,316430,17305220,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,benskins1987,so hard to get a muti player game going
76561198127356221,Recommended,316430,17259965,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SuperHam,really fun but. i wish that there were more maps
76561198023828537,Recommended,316430,14430958,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,craigdonnelly-mckinnon95,good game they have captured the essence of artilery whitch is total destruction
,Recommended,316430,16484765,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Admiral Bigglesworth,"BoE in terms of gameplay is nearly identical to the Men of War series. With that said the graphics are enjoyable and the game is well optimized. The voice acting could use a little work but the sound effects (gunshots, expolsions, etc.) are on point. The combat is very engaging (no pun intended), battles usual turn out to be large infantry fire fights with some focus on support weapons. When tanks come into a match, that match becomes a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of fun. The game could use more maps for multiplayer and some addition campagins.Three things I very much dislike:-You can't build trenches! I hope the devs fix this because, well...its a WW1 game right?(on the flip side lots of multiplayer maps have a fair amount of trenches)-Camera shakes when there are expolsions near by! (how am I supposed to focus when my camera is moving in 10 different directions at once? I may have over exaggerated just a bit...but you get the point! XD)-The AI has the occasional glitch (I tell my infantry man to throw a grenade at the enemy tank from his trench, tank is 5  feet away, walks out of the trench to throw the grenade but gets killed from tank's machine gun, yet he could have easily throwen the grenade from his trench).OVERALL OPINION: All in all buy the game. The flaws are minor, the battles are epic and has a very ""over the top feel"". Your money will be spent well, the future looks great for this game! See you on the battlefield!"
76561198200141938,Recommended,316430,28087948,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Scott727,amazing game ive only payed a few hours so far but i expect to play alot more but rlly why do you have to pay for seperate campaigns
76561197988281569,Recommended,316430,28878530,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"Awesome, finally WW1 game."
76561198156657471,Recommended,316430,28109314,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,upland84,One of the best war stratigetic game i've seen so for for a search and destroy type of game. really fun and stratigetic game where you tr to lead your squad to victory.
,Not Recommended,316430,26348495,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,*SirKrusty*,this game reminds me men of war copy....
,Recommended,316430,29428865,Posted: 22 January,all,7thOH(Co.B) Cpt.Lking2002,"This game, Battle of Empires is a fun and enjoyable game, that is, if you buy the the full singleplayer and multiplayer. That is the annoying thing with this game though, it is almost as if a good game was cut up into tiny bits, selling each seperately and expensively. I must admit though that this game is fun, I bought it on sale and enjoy it, the campaigns interesting, and it recieving constant updating. The only thing that annoys me is the cruddy voice acting, it is some of the worst I have ever heard in any games, perhaps, the worst. Otherwise, if you wanna buy this game on sale, I would highly recommend it, I would just not suggest paying full price for it."
76561198122196997,Recommended,316430,24357300,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Salty Varangian Guard,"I hope you keep working on this game for a long time :)The gameplay is goodThe ai is stupidStealth missions suckVoice acting is ♥♥♥♥ing awfulI love the settingPricing sucksDevs are activeMultiplayer is ded but singleplayer is really funTheres still alot of great topics/battles that the devs could touch like:Austro-Hungarian empire,Italian empire,Finnish civil war,Russian civil war and Kingdom of SerbiaI love it :)"
76561198007536153,Recommended,316430,29838639,Posted: 10 February,all,bigpappafletch,"This game is alot of fun.  If you have played Men of war you would fill right at home with this one.  I like the world war 1 setting,  a bit more realistic that battlefeild 1 in the sense of weapons and pace."
76561198105806753,Recommended,316430,29727769,Posted: 5 February,all,jrj85vg,"Think of this as Age of Empires IV : The Great War with the GEM engine, or Men of War: WWI Assault.The DLC is worthy (except the Ottoman campaign)The Editor is the real gem, though7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,316430,29653876,Posted: 2 February,all,Kebabman™,"Battle of Empire's /CAN/ be a good game but you need firends or at least someone you know to play with to make it really fun. The single player campaign DLC is a rip-off - I bought this game in early access before each campaign was it's own DLC and honestly I feel like I got a shell of a game.There's not much singleplayer besides the French and Russian campaign and you must pay for the others (You may even have to pay for those - I got them for buying it early access but even then I still didn't get many of the other DLC's really). There's DLC for multiplayer and the games multiplayer is...hit or miss.I followed the game since it was a mod for the original Men of War: Assault Squad. I was fine with it being made a standalone game and paying for it as long as I got a complete version - sadly halfway though early access the Dev's just decided to make the entire singleplayer of the game into DLC's basically. This isn't how you make a game, I feel like I wasted money on this.Overall, if you love Men of War and WWI - you might like this. With friends, a deticated community group or spending how much money (like 6 dollars for a campaign that should have been included in the base game) it can be fun. Maybe I'm just complaining because of the money I spent for the game (It wasn't 5 dollars at the time, I believe it was in the 20's range) basically for a half-complete French campaign and multiplayer expecting I'd get the other campaigns as they came out since I bought the game.Only buy the multiplayer for 5 bucks unless you decide you want to blow your money on DLC which doesn't even feel or play great since updates for the game don't even come out that often."
76561198128486228,Not Recommended,316430,29825534,Posted: 10 February,all,Binary_01011000,Worst game ever made. This made me suicidal.
76561198108236684,Recommended,316430,18700442,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kilroy was Here,"Battle of Empire would be a better game if the developers changed. They should update the engine of the game as it looks horrible and ugly, even on ultra settings. They should STOP this DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥and improve the units voices and models of soldiers and vehicles."
,Not Recommended,316430,21107719,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"It is good fun, much better when you make your own scenario on the editor. It is always nice to see a game oriented towards the Great War as well which makes the game quite unique in that respect.EDIT: You have to pay to get things such as single player content, when I bought the game there was no mention of this and, as a result I can no longer recommend it as it is not complete unless you give them all of your money."
76561197989467032,Recommended,316430,14749043,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,PROSTATUS,THIS GAME IS BAD ACEEEE I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE ITS ONE OF THE BEST WW1 AND STRATEGY GAMES I HAVE PLAYED IN A LONG LONG TIME ITS LIKE COH MIXED WITH MEN OF WAR!!!
76561198107949035,Recommended,316430,35453628,Posted: 3 October,all,<CSVP>ContiSK,Very very good game :)
76561198245391202,Recommended,316430,35507427,Posted: 5 October,all,Mk Foxbat,"Yes all the complaints are true. This started out as a mod for the very popular and well liked Men of War series. And yes, the idea of a small company acting like a AAA developer with their DLC policy is ridiculous.BUT!!!...This game to me reminds me of games people would refer to as ""Diablo Clones"" Essentially any company with enough resources looks at Diablo, changes 1 or 2 elements and releases a game that either is unique or broken. If you look at battle of Empires in the same way, a slightly less impressive or well put together Men of War it is perfectly fine.I honestly can't complain about it. It IS a game, It does function and do a few things different then Men of War. And I did enjoy it, and I find it hard to not recommend games that I enjoy and do what they should out of the box"
