user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,316790,32298494,Posted: 9 June,all,Highlandy,"This game has some of the best writing in any video game I've ever heard in my life. The setting and idea alone is very cool. The soundtrack with a mix between noir and mexicano is fantastic. Their at times where I did got lost and I had to consult a guide because I got very confused for the puzzle solving and sometimes I felt like an idiot for some of the easisest ones too.Other negatives I have is that for a remaster the backgrounds hasn't really changed compared to the remastered sprites and a few glitches. Aside from that, Grim Fandango Remastered is a fantastic game.I recommend this game to anyone who loves adventure games and cool storytelling."
,Recommended,316790,19098874,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,supernaut,"After completing Psychonauts not too long ago I craved for more of Double Fine's sense of style and humor, so I tried a bit of Brütal Legend and despite being a fan of the heavy metal, it didn't quite grab me, but I intend to finish it someday. My next pick was Grim Fandango.Not being subjected to point & click adventure games in my formative years or the adventure genre in general, to be honest, I am only now discovering these gems that once flew past me. FPS is more my cup of tea, but I'm learning, slowly. Grim Fandango is a genius blend of film noir elements and the Aztec/Mexican view of afterlife. Casablanca meets Beetlejuice, was my first impression, though stylistically it's closer to Tim Burton's and Henry Selick's stop-motion animated films. After beating Grim Fandango, I'll have to move The Book of Life higher up on my list of films to watch.Being someone with a relatively short fuse for puzzle solving, I sought after guides probably sooner than I should've, since almost all of them can be solved by using the organ which resides in your skull, but since I am lazy I used guides quite a lot and it would be hypocritical of me to suggest that You shouldn't. That said, I failed to make such associations asfreezing vomit with liquid nitrogen, or that I was even in need of these components. So I'm not sure how I would've gotten past that point without a guide. I can probably offer other far fetched puzzles as examples, but I loved this game, so I won't. Not noticing a deadbolt in an open door still has me too embarrassed, so pay attention to what you can interact with.I experienced very few technical issues and I wasn't bothered by the fact that the character models seemed to be the main focus in this Remaster. There was a case where Manny's head disappeared for a short time, which would be more out of place in other games and also a moment where Manny and Glottis got stuck to each other. Nothing else comes to mind.To spoil the humor in many of the great moments found in Grim Fandango would be very wrong of me, but it's no doubt one of the funniest games I've ever played and I would dare to say one of the greats in all aspects. Grim Fandango is not to be ignored, when it's basically delivered to your doorstep, not some rarity locked far away in physical form, most likely already used and possibly not able to run on modern operating systems. I cherish the moments when my laziness is rewarded."
,Recommended,316790,21512154,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Faudraline,"""You know, sweetheart, if there's one thing I've learned, it's this: nobody knows what's gonna happen at the end of the line, so you might as well enjoy the trip."" - Manny CalaveraBack in 2014, when I first heard that there will be a remaster ofGrim Fandangofrom a friend, I was screaming on the phone and was hopping around - literally making a ""happy dance"" like a four year old. Needless to say, I was among the many adventure gamers that played the 1998 original and fell in love with it. Thanks to the unbearable rush of ordinary adult life, I've just recently found the time to play this masterpiece again.I remember my purchase of the game in year 2000; being curious at first, amazed as I played and stubborn enough to finish it in a week without a break. I was twelve years old back then, without a reach for any kind of guide and with a somewhat broken English nonetheless. I was carefully listening to every word coming out of Manny's mouth, trying to understand and consult a dictionary when needed. Faced with its nonlinear story triggers and puzzle system, getting stuck was part of my routine with the game. Luckily, I had an older cousin who played before, so I pestered him to give me hints till the end. Without him, I'd be on the same game for a month probably. That's how hard it was, and that's how intriguing it was: that it made a twelve year old girl's resolve to complete the game invincible.Welcome to the Land of the Dead. Our protagonist is Manuel Calavera, a grim reaper and a travel agent of the Department of Death, who sells travelling packages to the souls of the deceased for their last journey and passage to the Ninth Underworld. Manny is an extraordinary character; with sharp wits, a great sense of humor and a keen business sense. He works for the Department, hoping to make enough sells to pay off his debts and earn his last journey to the Ninth someday. Everything starts as a random office intrigue as Manny tries to steal a client from his coworker and arch nemesis, Domino Hurley. He meets with elegant and saintly Mercedes ""Meche"" Colomar, and gets involved in a shady plot concerning the very department he works for. There begins Manny's long, long journey to help Meche, help himself and many others in the process.Let's start with visuals, shall we? This remastered version most certainly tweaked character models and textures, so characters themselves look great in modern systems compared to the original. You'll be delighted to meet many interesting and well enacted characters in the shape of calaca dolls, inspired from the Mexican Day of the Dead celebrations. Environment design and the atmosphere harbors beautiful architecture, artistic backgrounds and a unique world that comes out of 1930s taste and class. The setting is elaborate, fascinating, funny and sometimes even a bit disturbing. Many gamers complained that background artworks were not tweaked much and seemed a bit aging in modern systems, but that certainly didn't bug me. They are still very beautiful. The soundtrack on the other hand - an incredible original selection that combines orchestral score, South American folk music, jazz, bebop, swing, and big band music - has been completely rerecorded with a full orchestra just for the remastered experience. As a fair warning, 16.9 aspect ratio image doesn't work. You'll be stuck with 4.3 and there will be decorated gray bars residing on the sides of your screen while you play the game.The gameplay uses either P&C controls or tank controls of the original game, according to your choice. Manny's inventory system has always been a bit lame, but it doesn't take much effort to pull a certain item from your coat pocket. As expected from the nature of an adventure game, you are to speak to people, combine items and solve puzzles to progress. With the new rendering of items, there is no pixel hunt. It's quite obvious when an item or a piece of an environment can be used. Puzzles on the other hand - well, there is no hand holding. Do not expect a hint system. This game stands here as a piece of gaming history. Puzzles are mostly difficult, yet imaginative with exceptional conclusions and the story revelation is never linear. If this is your first time playing the game, you might find it helpful to keep a guide open in the Steam overlay. There are reports of bugs in the forums but I haven't encountered any in my playthrough. Oh, and there is no auto saving feature either so remember keeping many save files.At the end of the day, this is not a remake. This is a well-done remaster of a classical, even a masterpiece of an adventure game. If you haven't experiencedGrim Fandangoyet, this is an unmissable opportunity for anyone who enjoys the genre. The game has an incredible story, strong characters, marvelous setting, beautiful display and a really challenging gameplay with noir sense of humor. So... what are you waiting for?Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561197965355041,Recommended,316790,14188416,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Roger Feederer,"I've probably beaten Grim Fandango well over ten times, but the fresh look of Manny and the surprisingly deep commentary make this playthrough a brand new experience.  I honestly can't say enough good things.  These early day adventure games are a story driven experience, like playing a book, and afford you the opportunity to slip into a captivating world.Play this game.  It's one of the best in the genre."
,Recommended,316790,14196487,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,rusty james,"im being totally objective about this;this game, for me is the- best game ever- best movie ever- best story ever- best soundtrack everthe profile picture is not a coincidence. been repping manuel for years. this game actually changed my life.  i actually got into film school inspired by a pc game. that was almost a decade ago. also all those projects i did with the help of this soundtrack, great times.anyway, enough praise.grim fandango 11 out of 10.grim fandango remastered 9 out of 10, background work seems sloppy.i don't care either way. im just happy i can now add this to my favorite game showcase. remastered or not this is still a masterpiece. i still played it on a regular basis like every 5-6 months. now i got to do it in a remastered way.ps: please valve, add some cards, backgrounds, so i can level up to level 5, and get the foil badge as well. i want dem backgrounds."
,Recommended,316790,27953962,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,♥Countess Heartcall™,"A timeless classic, and an amazing example of the kind of world-building and attention to detail that went into the old Lucasfilm adventure games. As a Lucasfilm game, you should expect it to be heavy on exposition and puzzles, with an incredibly well-crafted and well-told story.It's the afterlife, but you won't be getting a harp or angel wings just yet. You're stuck in the Land of the Dead, a sort of purgatory, filled with travel agents, lawyers, mobsters, corrupt cops, and freedom fighters. Playing as Manny Calavera, you can eventually earn your way to the Land of Eternal Rest, working as a sort of social worker/travel agent to pay off a karmic debt, helping recently departed souls make their way to their rightful rest. But not all is as it seems in this colorful, 30's art deco, Aztec/Mayan-themed world...A must-play if you have any appreciation at all for story-centric gaming. The only possible downside is that, as an old-school adventure game, it's extremely linear, so there isn't a whole lot of replay value."
,Recommended,316790,17979016,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"When I was very young I didn't grow up with a lot of video games. I used to have just a shoebox with jewel cases of games I'd play, maybe 10 at most. So I would get into the habit of replaying the games I had to try and still get enjoyment out of them. One of those games I grew up with was Grim Fandango.Grim Fandango I would say is the game that had the single biggest influence on my life. Its colorful cast of characters who all develop very nicely as the game goes on, a story of adventure and romance, its influences from very old films and comic books. Everything about Grim Fandango appealed to me as a kid, and greatly shaped my tastes in movies and music as I grew older. I remembered literally all of the puzzle solutions, the dialogue, the soundtrack. Everything came rushing back like a torrent of nostalgia, clear as a bell like the day I first played it.Naturally I'm not here to gush about the 1998 release, which runs like crap on modern computers. I'm here to talk about this re-release.The re-release of Grim Fandango is a bit... mixed. I was surprised as hell when I heard it was being made, I had long resigned myself to running the game in a virtual machine with countless bugs and other issues. However as much as I do like the work that went into optimizing this game to run properly, I still feel like they should've gone the extra mile and remade the game in full 3D. Since they didn't, it's recommended to play in 4:3 due to the flat 2D environments. The 15$ price tag can also turn people off if they're not interested in playing adventure games.There are problems with the re-release that I think could have been avoided. The point and click interface while extremely well designed, I feel could have been tweaked a little. The menu interface is a bit static and the audio commentary feels very impersonal and doesn't go into as much depth as I would've liked. The game also lacks an auto save feature which is shocking in this day and age.But all that aside it's still a delightful game, and a very playable one on this port. I'm glad it got re-released, but to be honest I just think Grim Fandango deserves more."
76561198085213357,Not Recommended,316790,14372009,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,soliton,the game itself is really really good.its a pitty the remake was done very badly.the position of objects dont match manuels position. there are ways to get completely stuck. for example:- underwater: follow the guy with the light arround- end of the world: get your scythe out while hanging on to the catwalk- in the sewers: i got stuck trying to use my scythe in the room with the many holesin the end i got so scared that i get stuck again that i ended up saving in every room. it kinda ruined the experience.maybe once the bugs are fixed this will be a recommendable game but not at this moment
76561198286367983,Recommended,316790,32768312,Posted: 25 June,all,Drannon3,"Grim Fandango is a fantastic game but for people who've never played an adventure game before, it will be intimidating. The level of difficulty of puzzles in this game is definitely up there but it's a rewarding experience when you finally figure them out. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to have a unique adventure with a story that is well constructed and executed.Pros- Difficult puzzles (but make sense).- Good voice acting.- Good story.- Interesting characters.- Good balance of cutscenes to gameplay.- Good value for the money (8 1/2 hours of gameplay for $2.99)Cons- A few bugs here and there.- For some puzzles, you may need to refer to an online guide as they can be very difficult at times."
,Recommended,316790,14717332,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kemo,"Does this game really need introducing? Grim Fandango: Remastered is the remastered version of a noir adventure game with humourous dialogue. You play as Manny Calavera, a travel agent at the Department of Death, who is trying to sell enough luxury packages to get out of the land of the dead and in to the afterlife. Sadly things do not go so well for Calavera and he becomes entangled in a conspiracy that threatens to keep in the land of the dead forever.While the remastered version isn't the super duper HD remake that some people felt entitled too it does give people, like myself, who have not played the game before an excellent opportunity to play a real classic.+The character models have been redone and look great+An interesting and unique setting, the land of the dead+Intriguing characters, each with their own backstory and relevance to the plot+Good story+Terrific voice acting, especially the voice actor for Manny+Brilliant writing which not only makes you want to play more but also leads to some really funny lines+Outstanding soundtrack+Easy-to-use controls which, from what I hear, are far better than the original control scheme+Keys can be rebound and the game also has full controller support+You can switch between the new and old graphics with the press of a button+Optional developer commentary+/-The puzzles are extremely difficult and as someone who hasn't played it before and has never played a puzzle game with a similar difficulty before I found myself using a guide for all of the puzzles and even then some of them were still difficult+/-There are a lot of complaints about bugs in the game but thankfully I have not encountered any yet-When they remastered it they didn't put it in 16:9 so it's in 4:3 with bars on the side (admittedly the bars do actually fit well with the game), you can run it in 16:9 but then everything is stretched-Towards the end of Year 1 and throughout Year 2 you have to do a lot of running back and forth which gets pretty tedious-Lip sync is very hit and missVerdict:9An absolute classic which is a must have for fans of point and click adventure games and still holds up well 17 years after its original release.El K."
,Recommended,316790,14250826,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BarotTD,"Grim Fandango is the ultimate adventure game.I remember my first time playing the DEMO for Grim Fandango, before the game was released. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that was 17 years ago. And today, I feel the same happiness and joy while playing it for the 12987398th time... only this time in ""remastered"" version. I would still pay for it ONLY to be able to play it on newer PC's, without the remastering.So thank you Double Fine and thank you Tim SchaferAnd thank you people who are smarter than himFor bringing me my long lost love backOh how I longed for her bony embraceI love this game, with all my heart and I will love this game until I'm dead. Because, Sal, love is for the living."
76561197993423662,Recommended,316790,27869364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,taffy,"Hector:Oh Manny... so cynical... What happened to you, Manny, that caused you to lose your sense of hope, your love of life?Manny:I died."
,Recommended,316790,23395096,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Qix,"The theme of the game is a little bit of film noir detective fiction, a little bit of the Mexican Day of the Dead. In the land of the living, the graphics change to a kind of twisted photo cut-and-paste look.The best thing about Grim Fandango, as with all other classic LucasArts point-and-click adventures is the sassy humour. It works extra well in the context of a noir crime thriller like this. The story has all the basic hallmarks of a Raymond Chandler private-eye novel, with layers of absurdist jokes and puzzles on top.My only issue with the game is how long it takes to get around on foot. I discovered after a couple of hours that double clicking equals running. The game might be a bit slow for someone without a lot of patience or who gets easily frustrated by puzzle solutions that are deliberately abstract. I wish I had the patience to wait for Manny Calavera to casually walk to each location because it suits his character. Grim Fandango is a game that has a leisurely pace and doesn't really deserve to be rushed."
76561197989927531,Not Recommended,316790,14230515,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,inkrabid,"This is probably the weakest remastering of any game that I've seen so far. You could just as well play the original, because, besides a few light effects and a bit sharper textures on characters (not in the cutscenes mind you) it IS the original. I expect a lot more when a company republishes a timeless classic like this. Seeing 'render bucket lines' from outdated renderingmethods, making small rectangles all across the screen just doesnt cut it. It would not be hard to render this again, and give it the treatment that it SHOULD have, and hey, get it in a HD format like 16:9 or 16:10. Looking at 4:3 format with a texture border, rectangles making color noise and different formats on cutscenes and ingame.... NO.Get the original game instead, at least then you won't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the halfassed job they've made with ""remastering"" the game."
76561198035506962,Not Recommended,316790,14226139,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,drewicide,"I love this game. Best adventure game ever.However.... I just encountered a game shattering glitch at around the 4 hour mark. At the racetrack, in the high rollers lounge. I've gained access to the elevator. I've been down the elevator... but now i cannot get back on the elevator. The doors open, but it's as if there is an invisible wall. i will seemingly need to start over. This upsets me greatly."
,Recommended,316790,32909505,Posted: 27 June,all,Kingpin,"One of my favorite games in the history of gaming. Awesome story, memorable characters, great humor and dialogue, and brilliant soundtrack. The remastered version fixes all the annoyances of the original and more. A wonderful experience I revisit every couple years with great anticipation."
,Recommended,316790,14187614,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TIMOOOO,"I adore this game. But *come on*, you couldn't at least have put the UI icons on top of the 4:3 borders?!"
,Not Recommended,316790,23479070,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"There's a lot of nostalgia at work behind the ratings here. Grim Fandango starts brilliantly but loses sight of what makes an adventure fun. The story and characters are wonderful, the voice acting on the re-master is fun and expressive, and the theme is engrossing. It's a great start to an adventure game.What the remaster didn't fix is an obnoxious inventory system and a set of puzzles that explodes outward until the game becomes unmanageably sprawling. Chapter 2 in particular is absolutely nuts in map size and puzzle density. You have some straightforward end goals but an absurd Rube Goldberg Device chain of causation to get there that can't possibly be understood. So instead of working to achieve your goals, you're working to do weird unrelated things just so your inventory will grow or something about the game state will change. It becomes less about intuition and more about ""how many things do I have to fiddle with until the story finally advances?"" Why am I stealing from a lawyer? Why am I borrowing a metal detector? Why am I helping an alcoholic relapse? None of it has a clear purpose when you do it. The purpose becomes clear when a hundred other things have been set in motion. It makes for intricate puzzles but really rips apart the idea that you're a character with goals and a story.In total it feels unnecessarily padded out, which is really unusual for LucasArts. It feels more in line with the old Sierra games that were designed to get you buying the game guide. If you're looking for a kick of nostalgia, wait for a sale. Modern game design wouldn't tolerate such an unsatisfying slog. You've been taught to demand better than this by now."
,Recommended,316790,14193119,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,...,Lucasarts remastered without being George Lucased.
,Recommended,316790,14249526,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FluffyQuack,"A great adventure game which this remaster has updated to modern standards with better character textures, higher quality music, mouse controls, and a whole lot of bugs. You'll see characters not render correctly, a floating piece of bread, Manny pretending to talk but not actually saying anything, and a ton of minor issues with mouse controls (there's several puzzles or areas where I was forced to switch to keyboard controls).Most of these issues are minor and don't bother me much, but the game would occasionally completely fail to work, and that is less excusable. Out of the 10 hours I spent playing through the game, I had 10 crashes and soft locks.I'm still gonna give this a thumbs up as the actual game is really good with great writing, voice acting, music, and puzzle design. But I would recommend people to wait for a patch before they decide to buy this remaster."
,Recommended,316790,14421809,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Budi,"As a long time fan of the game, I was thrilled by the remaster announcement on E3. I never could have hoped for new release. But we got it and even with some extras!Grim Fandango is a humorous film noir adventure/puzzle game by Lucas Arts. It has superb writing in dialogue, story and characters. Really classy soundtrack with some swinging jazzy tunes. Challenging puzzles. With some of them too challenging and bit out there. Sometimes player would just go on trying everything on everything and succeed, then not having idea what he/she just did and why. There is no hint system built in on the game, so googling a walkthrough might come in handy to some less seasoned adventurers. Nobody should abandon the game just because they can't progress, they would miss on a great adventure.The Remastered version added upgraded grapichs (you can change to the original with just press of a button), rerecording of the soundtrack with Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, mouse and gamepad controls, insightful commentary track and good amount of original concept art.Unfortunately they also launched the game with quite an amount of bugs and glitches which they have been patching ofcourse. Personally I was affected by the bug that made all the backgrounds in remastered mode black, so I played most of the game with old graphics. Also there was maybe 3 or 4 crashes on my playtrough. As I also mentioned that there was no hint system in place, I think that's something they could have added. Maybe slip it in the devs commentary track?Overall Grim Fandango is still a great atmospheric experience with great art design, remaster making it even sweeter.[Score: 90]"
,Not Recommended,316790,14190571,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,elmadraka,"I played the original game a (really) long time ago and the game itself can't be better, but...The ""remaster"" seems just like a cheap one.All scenarios are exactly the same as the original no quality improvement (not bad but not as expected)16:9 stretches the view (don't really know how to feel about this)Mouse controls leave actions out of the screen so you may miss things on the border of screens,(on the very first screen if you use the computer with the mouse controls you wont reach the use action)No XBOX360 controller layout (the most used and only officially supported pc controller from consoles)Here are some sreenshots to see what I'm talking abouthttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=382225522http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=382225497http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=382225465http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=382225434¿Is developer commentary worth your money? That and mouse control are the only added values to the original version. The game is still a jewel, but I don't think it's worth the full price listed now on steam."
,Not Recommended,316790,14222558,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,"First of all, this is not a review of an actual game, The game is great, clever and witty. If you've never played it and always wanted, get it.Now, to call this a Remaster is a bit of a stretch, i'd call it a Cash-grab.To be honest, i got it just so i could play Grim Fandango without compatibility issues, but it still upsets me that they're selling the same game again while all the ""special"" features are just lazy and perfectly complete the ruining of the Monkey Island and the story of a 3.3 million dollar man.First of all, all cutscenes are the exact same as they were in the original, low-res, flattish and that special 90s kind of 3D.This wouldn't be so bad, but it's jarring when they use it ingame, as part of a scene, when a perfectly crisp character suddenly becomes pixelated and covered in jpeg artifacts.Second of all, ALL of the backdrops and static images are the EXACT SAME as they were in the original, yes this means they're low-res, low-quality mess, which would be fine years ago, but not fitting the ""Remastered"" title at all.Look at recently released Resident Evil, which is a port of a Remastered edition. All of the backdrops are done from scratch, not to mention every aspect of the game improved.The only part that's redone is the character textures, but being so simplistic, i don't see how that is an achievement.Now, let's move on to another ""special"" feature and that is lighting effects. It sounds cool right. Even looks good at Mannys office, but the second you step out of the first scene, it all falls apart.Now you see, as almost any old game, Grim Fandangos character models are mostly a number of blocks and primitive shapes skinned to a skeleton, which, when used with proper shading technique, may look nice.Now, new special feature ♥♥♥♥ING MAKES EVERY DAMN BODY PART LIGHT UP AS A CHRISTMAS TREE, which is unspeakably amateurish, especially for a game studio like Double Fine.Well, use the ""original"" rendering, you might say. And i would've, but the ""original"" turns the rendering resolution all the way down to the original, so everything looks gloriously pixelated in the most widescreen possible way.So if you're expecting the adventures of Manny Calaverea look as good as you fondly remember them to be - don't. It would've been fine if it looked dated but crisp and coherent, but it's not only not looking anything like that, but also manages to fail at looking even decent.Great game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cashgrab Edition."
,Recommended,316790,23432613,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Postcinct,"""We may have years, we may have hours, but sooner or later, we push up flowers"".With this remaster of Grim Fandango, you'll find an amazing snapshot of 90s adventure games. With this comes the esoteric puzzles, but that's just part of the charm, there's no shame in using a walkthrough at some point or another. If you can ignore the few bugs that occur while rendering cutscenes, it should run smooth as butter on modern computers for the first time in around a decade.Highly recommend checking this out at some point in your gaming career."
,Recommended,316790,15397300,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SolidSpectr,"this little light of minei'm gonna let it shinethis little light of minei'm gonna let it shinethis little light of minei'm gonna let it shine, let it shine, let it shine, let it shine!"
76561198162279173,Recommended,316790,31984116,Posted: 26 May,all,Twisted Batman,"Let me put it like this: if you're thinking of possibly buying this game BUY IT RIGHT NOW! Now, I know that there are quite a few negative reviews, but here's what they all boggle down to: the puzzles are too hard, no hints for puzzles, and directions are unclear (also there are a few glitches for certain people with certain devices). All I have to say in response to those 'critiques' is OF COURSE. The game is literally meant for people to use their cunning and if hints were offered to the player for every puzzle then it would go from an intelligence and deduction-based game to that of a boring walking/running simulator with an interesting premise and plot. Anyone who complains about not knowing what to do doesn't understand the point of the game and more importantly doesn't understand the point of adventure click games that actually try to challenge you, none of those cheap occasional action game side puzzels that make you think you're smart."
76561198057509797,Not Recommended,316790,17756984,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tiberius Kirk,"For years, I've heard about Grim Fandango being just the best thing ever. Finally, the Remastered version came up on a nice sale so I bought it, and within minutes regretted it. The production is nice (although the remastering is barely worth calling attention to, espcially compared to another Lucasarts point-n-click's remastered, Monkey Island) but the game is unrewarding for its impossible-to-fathom puzzle solutions. It isn't even ""try everything"" which would be bad enough, but it's ""try everything regardless of logic and then try a few more things after that and then it turns out you didn't realize the problem you were trying to solve in the first place because there's no obvious goals"". Eventually, late in year one, I had to give up and find a walkthrough because I tried every obvious choice, then every non-obvious choice, and nothing even remotely gave me an idea of what I was trying to achieve, much less how to achieve it. You would have to be a mind-reader to figure some of this out. And some puzzles also force you to fight a dubious camera angle, ""is that a cupboard or just a poster?"" sort of things where you don't even know where to look for clues or items. The actual story was ok although not quite as rich as it felt like it was aiming for. This felt like a great universe to build a game from, but not even remotely a good game."
,Recommended,316790,14229952,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,A Victim of Stars,"In 1998,Grim Fandangoreleased in a less than optimal climate. The gaming world was shifting away from the grand adventure, preferring more action than point and click titles could provide. Despite being universally loved by the press and longtime fans of the genre, fate pointed toward the exit and brought an end to an era of Lucasarts titles, effectively nailing the coffin shut on adventure games in general. It seemed a cruel way to go considering how loved it was. Lost in the Land of the Dead for 16 years thanks to a bad travel package,Grim Fandangois finally breathing fresh air again thanks to the efforts of Sony, Double Fine, and the rights holders sitting in the Disney fortress. EnterGrim Fandango Remastered, the first time the game’s been available for public consumption since it released.Slick-tongued protagonist Manuel “Manny” Calavera is an agent of the Department of Death, an organization that attempts to sell the recently deceased travel packages to expedite their journey to the final stop in the Aztecan afterlife. Manny’s numbers aren’t pulling quite what they should, and, in fear of his boss reenacting a scene fromGlengarry Glen Rosson him, he decides to steal a high-profiting case from a co-worker. This action sends Manny down a path dripping with characters ripped straight from noir films, big-band jazz, and an overall scenario that was produced by people at their creative primes.Grim Fandango’s story and humor remain as strong as ever. Between the quick-witted quips, cheeky dialog choices, smooth voice acting, and immense respect for the game’s inspirations, it truly is worthy of the praise it has been given by anyone who played it. Take your time and talk to everyone you can. Exhaust every dialog option you can find. The end result is almost always laughter, thanks to a universal humor style that doesn’t lean on the grotesque or immature. In fact, fans who played when they were younger may find even more to love now that they’re older - a trick many well-loved cartoons use to appeal to a wide variety of ages. If you’re a parent looking for something to play with your kid, and you don’t mind the fact that the entire game is about death, you don’t have to worry about anything too inappropriate.And it’s a good thing that the humor holds up as well as it does, because ay caramba, the puzzles! Out of everything inGrim Fandango’s bag of tricks, this is the part that has aged the worst. While certainly not as awful as some of the stumpers that some of the game’s predecessors and contemporaries offered, players will likely be left scratching their heads as they try to wrap their head around some nonsensical solution to a problem. A good majority can be figured out using contextual clues dropped by other characters mid-conversation, but some require the player to really reach for a designer’s sadistic tendency to hide the one object they need in the absolute least likely place it would be, while requiring 15 steps to get there. I would heavily urge players to go without a guide if at all possible, but no one will blame you for getting tired of putzing around trying to solve a puzzle.There’s been much debate among fans regarding the “remaster” part of this release. I myself truly wish that games such as this could be lovingly restored with gorgeous details, brought to life like a blu-ray transfer of a classic film. Between this and theResident Evil REmakerelease, there are so many things one wishes could be done easily or cheap enough for the industry to pull off. Sadly, that sort of work just isn’t feasible. However, in doing so, Double Fine manages to avoid what many fans consider a sin: changing the visuals too much to appeal to players who simply want crisp presentation. The lossless originals of every background and video file have been dug up and put to use, every character’s textures have been recreated to give them a clean look, and, most interestingly of all, a new lighting engine aids the illusion of these characters moving around in pre-rendered spaces. It’s hardly perfect, and often times the quality between character models and backgrounds can be distracting, but it remains fully respectful of the original art. It is up to you to decide if this is enough work to warrant being called a remaster.A major point of contention for many fans, and what would become a running gag with Tim Schafer himself over the years, wasGrim Fandango’s original control scheme. Since players complained about the tank controls used, the remaster also includes enhanced control schemes which are generally more ideal. I did run into some issues with the point & click style controls here and there. Clicking on one part of a screen would sometimes send Manny rushing off in the opposite direction. Certain puzzles felt exponentially more difficult due to the jittery movements in the point and click scheme. Players using a controller will likely not notice, but it’s worth a head’s up that, if you’re struggling with point and click, you shouldn’t be afraid to try your keyboard.Grim Fandango Remasteredisn’t perfect. Some new bugs have been introduced, the remastered visuals are a little uneven, the new control schemes aren’t without fault, and the puzzles won’t likely be making many friends. But despite all of the stains all over its nice suit, it manages to outshine these tarnishes. The humor still holds a timeless quality that doesn’t feel like it came out of 1998, the story itself is still fresh and imaginative compared to the usual topics seen today. There’s heart behind every bit of the game, even when its characters ceased to have one. A recurring theme withinGrim Fandangois that wherever Mr. Calavera goes, he ends up near the top.Grim Fandango Remasteredshows us that, even though it’s been 16 years since he hit the scene, Manny’s still got it, residing as Head Honcho over not only other adventure game protagonists, but as the boss of a genre once considered as dead as himself.Did you enjoy this review? If so, feel free to check it out at RGZ.CA, give it a heart, and check out other content produced by our writers! Thanks for reading!http://rgz.ca/gaming/grim-fandango-remastered-review-return-of-the-land-of-the-dead/"
,Recommended,316790,25473227,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GuruTrue,"Grim Fandango is a classic and that can mean a few things. The puzzles can be very frustrating for modern gamers. They don't often make sense and they require a person to be very observant as well as familiar with the tools the game provides such as viewing items and people, conversating with people, and trying everything out on everyone. You will need a notebook to keep track of all the possibilities and most people will likely take a peek at a walkthrough. That is okay because the story is fun and the world is really fun. The voice acting is top of the line. A lot of games wish they had the design elements of Grim Fandango. The game is a beast but if you are patient and observant it can be very rewarding."
,Not Recommended,316790,28947629,Posted: 2 January,all,Exciting Jeff,"I can't bring myself to finish this game.For me, Grim Fandango was kind of my white whale. I grew up playing LucasArts adventure games (see the icon), and I loved almost all of them. But Grim Fandango was such a different game, born in the awkward tween years between 2D and decent 3D, and I couldn't get around the controls.Well, that issue has largely been fixed, with modernized controls. And that's great, because the game has fantastic writing, graphics as gorgeous as thick polygons can be, and a generally awesome sense of style. It's a cool, funny world. I want to like it. I want to love it.But here's the thing: the puzzles are terrible.I mean, all the puzzles in all those games are terrible. They all involve trial and error for hundreds of insane combinations. None of them are even approaching logical. I remember spending so much time looking up solutions for Monkey Island on a BBS, because the dialogue was worth the trouble.But the games are artifacts of a bygone age, where puttering around aimlessly and seeing what happens when you use the banana on the typewriter was acceptable, because there weren't that many games, and these games seemed like the most expansive ones out there.Now we live in a world with a glut of games. So many that I find myself evaluating games on 10 minutes of play. I'll say Grim Fandango deserves more than that, and it got it; I played for four hours (with a walkthrough, because honestly, those puzzles), and I never got the kind of enjoyment I'd get from an open world game which sucks away hours with engaging content, not busywork.If I had played Grim Fandango when it first game out, I'm sure I'd still be smitten. And I know I'm spoiled by modern game design. But Grim Fandango commits the ultimate sin of game design: it fails to respect my time. And I don't have time for that."
,Recommended,316790,14188042,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,`Kayne,"It's exactly what you'd expect. Grim Fandango. Apart from some un-noticeable-at-first anti aliasing, It's the exact same game.Probably the only bonus to this is that it runs on windows 7 / probably 8 / probably other o.s without problem. The original game was usually a muck around just trying to get it started.But still, It's good, because its Grim Fandango."
76561198047942184,Recommended,316790,14283989,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Axel Nova,Amazingly atmospheric game with a timeless story and a stellar set of characters. Tastefuly remastered with a special feature including a director commentary for all of those who want to find out just that much more. It's even better than 10 years ago.
,Recommended,316790,32422513,Posted: 14 June,all,Arborpunk,"The story, characters, writing, and humor are all really good, but I don't think the gameplay itself aged very well. (Though, I do think I wouldn't have minded it so much had I played it when it originally released.)The maps/screens can be quite large, though you don't actually pick up very many items throughout the game and most are quite small in comparison to the screens, so they can be hard to see. Some screens also have abrupt camera shifts so there are some easily missable areaslike where you turn in the cat race ticket and the one with the giant axe.Ialsoended up having to use a walkthrough for much of this to figure out what item was supposed to be used with what, since the logic doesn't always follow. On top of this, the game froze several times during screen transitions and I had to replay a couple sections over again.Overall, worth checking out for the story/characters/humor, but not so much for the gameplay."
76561198056096741,Recommended,316790,28583431,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,the_mantisqueen,"I recommend this game because the story and dialog was interesting enough that it pulled me through but there are a few things you should know ...Point & Click adventure games back in the day were renowned for their non-sensical puzzles which result in you using every item in your inventory on everything on screen out of sheer frustration. Some of the camera angles are also unhelpful so you don't realise there is another area to go to unless you happen to click the edge of the screen. I'm often time-poor so I relied heavily on a walkthrough to get everything out of the game. Yes, yes, shame on me, but it was that or give up on it: there was at least one hour that I spent completely unsure of what to do, back hunched, and not having fun. Oddly enough, I did enjoy the game while using the walkthrough.It's worth noting that I did not play this game when it first came out so there is no nostalgia element here for me - I genuinely wanted to see where this story was going. Take what you will from that."
76561198006541362,Recommended,316790,19692979,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Manny Calavera works for the Department of Death as a ""travel agent"" selling travel packages to the souls of the recently deceased: by doing so Manny hopes to finally be able to reach the afterlife himself. But-one day- what simply started as an attempt to steal a client from his arrogant coworker soon turns into an epic journey through the Land of The Dead where Manny will discover the secrets behind the organization he's been working for.Grim Fandango has been crowned as one of the best adventure games ever made and, despite a few gripes with its gameplay and somewhat underwhelming remaster, it's still an essential purchase for fans of the genre.PROS:-excellent art style, the Day of the Dead influence is clear on characters and the various areas are still nice despite the aging graphics-great soundtrack-top notch voice acting-a varied cast of memorable characters, Manny Calavera himself is great with his mix of dark humour and serious morals-great story keeps you engaged with a mix of sudden twists and slow burn mysteries-lots of humour and funny dialogues will have you chuckle quite often-new point-and click-interface is a welcome addition-good length,expect at least 8/9 hours with 10/12 being the usual length if you explore a bit and/or get stuck at some puzzleNEUTRAL:-I honestly found puzzles a bit of a mixed bag overall as some truly clever and fun ones are paired with others that require some weird logic, pixel hunting or are too vague: the fact you might lack a clear direction at times can also easily leave you stuckCONS:-the backgroud graphics and cinematics havn't aged too well and clearly show their age, you're also stuck with the 4:3 aspect ratio and bars at the side of the screen-there's still some serious bugs around, a few of them can leave the game stuck until you force quit it: saving often and on different slots is a necessity-some animations glitch the 3d model or skip frames altogether, nothing gamebreaking but it's distracting when it happens-tank controls feel awkward, same goes for inventory managementhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=574629462Let's get this out of the way, Grim Fandango is an exceptional game and basically everyone'd play it at least once in his/her own life, period. It's not only an unique story populated by great characters and set in a memorable world but also an important piece of gaming history.That said, its gameplay might frustrate some as the lack of hint system, vague directions, huge levels and sometimes cryptic puzzles can truly test your patience and leave you either using the ""try every object on everything"" approach or refer to a guide. Graphics show their age despite the 3d model overhaul but thankfully their gorgeous art is still as effective as it was back in '98. The few gamebreaking bugs are actually the worse offenders of the lot and it's a true shame no one bothered to fix them...I must say I was lucky enough to only meet one and it was easily bypassed with a forum search, still others wern't so lucky and if you forget to save often you might find yourself in dire straits.All things considered Grim Fandango is an absolute recommendation despite its problems: just remember to save often, be ready to have patience with its puzzles and, if things get too frustrating, don't feel bad for using a guide if it means going forward with the story...it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,316790,14268758,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MashThat5A,"Bugs, bugs, and more bugs.I have soft locked the game 7 times in my 6.3 hours of playing. Lack of auto save makes this infuriating. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this remaster until some serious effort is made to fix this, which is unfortunate because the writing is fantastic."
76561198010114283,Not Recommended,316790,14188701,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tonikaku,"Don't get me wrong.This is a fantastic game , and you should play it.--------------------------------------------------BUT.This isn't remastered, these are exactly the same low resolution graphics as back in the day with just the models of the characters rendered on top of it in a higher resolution with some better testures.What I would expect from a Remastered 3D adventure, The original scenes re-rendered in a higher resolution or have them rendered realtime. They are very basic models tbh.If you really want to go out of your way .. more complex models instead of the 50 polygon affairs that were all computers could take back when the game came out.Shame on you Double Fine.Monkey Island was such a success, I guess you just assumed you could wing it with this one and people would still buy it ?"
,Recommended,316790,14214433,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rextc,"This game is great and you should buy it. But not right now.Grim Fandango was a great game when it came out and still is. The gameplay, storytelling, storyline and humour are the game's strong points, and I believe that anyone familiar to this particular adventure game genre will absolutely love it. But if you haven't tried it yet, please wait.What I hoped the remastered version would do was make the game ready for 2015. Double Fine did a great job in choosing the game, but not in finishing it. It is awkwardly strange that the game contains no autosave system, yet still so many gamebreaking bugs that were already known in the previous version. The graphics have only improved partially, yet 'remastered mode' is so much slower than the original that it's actually more appealing to play without the graphic enhancement. I must agree, the control scheme overhaul is a nice thing, but I had no problem with tank controls anyway.Double Fine, Grim Fandango is a great game, but please do it honour by finishing your remaster the way it should be: no bugs, smooth as hell and ready for 2015."
,Recommended,316790,24335461,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,dr.hug0 /farming_cards,+ One of the Best Classic must have in collection!
,Recommended,316790,28247769,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,koral06,"Grim Fandago is about one of the grim reaper salemen, Manuel, who needs to repay off his Earthly sins by selling good travel packets to those passing to the next world. But wait, there seems to be something suspicious going on that stops Manuel from acheiving his goals. He investigates with some friends to find out what is happening with his job, and those behind it.A unique and comedic point and click game, added with the main character ""Manny"" and his saracastic humor really makes for a good storyline and play. The side characters are just as amusing and add flavor to the setting. I would say some of the puzzles in this game were moderate to difficult. I've played quite a bit of point and click games and this is on the more difficult end of the spectrum. One good thing is I would say it is mostly kid friendly if you have younger players wanting to try this. There's a few euphemisms in there, but the more adult tones are very subtle.Overall, its a fun point and click with a nice storyline."
76561198048355334,Recommended,316790,34588352,Posted: 29 August,all,Grace in the Machine,"There is a central conflict in gaming that more and more games have addressed: The simple and perplexing problem that traditional narrative becomes less engaging when more interactivity is allowed. The conflict between story and gameplay. Grim Fandango represents that central conflict. It is a game that is aesthetically astonishing, with a sharp and engaging script, that is mostly un-fun to play.Although the game boasts remarkably striking visuals, a sharp and funny script, and an evocative and original world, the puzzles are constantly, if not nearly always, frustrating and illogical. The nonsensical puzzles do lead to amusing moments of whimsy. However, this does not compensate for boredom and frustration in a game that is clearly smart enough to know better.Despite this frustration, this game stays with us as a classic, because of its beating heart and dedication to a thoughtful world. Grim Fandango may not be a great game, but it remains a curious and wonderful artifact of a medium struggling against itself."
,Recommended,316790,23984211,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CynaMel,"If You finish this game without any help, You are meant to be a Prodigal Detective in Real Life.I'm Not Joking People. I think this is the 'Dark Souls' of Point and Click games.++Great Point and Click Game.+++Voice Acting and Characters are Brilliant. Its just Brilliant.+Controls are ok, but sometimes gets tiring moving around and interacting.++Story is Engaging enough to push you to the finish.++Dynamic Dialogues for Interactions.- Subtle Hints and sometimes no Hints at all to some puzzles. It will drive you crazy.- Achivements are impossible to get without guides.( Coz 95% are Hidden Achivements)- No Replayability. Then again 12hrs+ is fine for the price.Heh. A Point and Click game took 17 hrs to Finish. Insane.8/10."
76561197971144258,Not Recommended,316790,17523680,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Manusson,"I don't see what precisely was ""remastered"". Compared to really great editions like Monkey Island, this is crap.Don't get me wrong, the story is great; and I wonder why it has never been made into a movie.But adding some shades and leaving everything else as it was... I am REALLY disappointed, sorry."
76561198052258991,Not Recommended,316790,16263203,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Bryce,"This game is not in any sense of the word a remaster. It's a port.There is no denying the quirky charm of the characters or the amount of love and care that has clearly been put into crafting this world, but what about this has been remastered exactly? The character models? Okay. Anything else?I'm glad that this game hasn't disappeared forever, but don't insult me by calling this a remaster when it looks virtually identical to the original and still contains all of the same bugs. That's lazy."
,Recommended,316790,17237834,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Borracho,One of the greatest games of all time and space gets a proper modern-day playable version. What's not to love?
,Recommended,316790,15369970,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shinigami667,Remeber when Tim Schafer was awesome at making games instead of a shady kickstarter project maker and total ***hat sockpuppet talker and can now only make half a game and then calls it finished until he gets more cash to finish the rest of it screwing over all of his kickstarter backers in the process? This game will remind of you the good old days.  But the bad news is that the money from this goes to the current Tim and not the awesome Tim from the past.
76561198070439797,Not Recommended,316790,14225726,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,miszterpetike,On my mid 2011 Macbook Air the game won't start - it froze after the intro to be exactly. Was my favorite games in the old times. Please fix it as soon as possible!
,Recommended,316790,29645837,Posted: 2 February,all,StevisReyvis,"PrefaceGrim Fandangois a Point & Click Adventure game originally developed by LucasArts back in 1998. During early ages of LucasArts, the focus of their work wasn't actuallyStar Wars... ironically. A vast majority of the developed games were other original stories packed with a roster of characters that were far from anythingStar Wars. Funny enough, LucasArts put out a video game about David Bowie (Labyrinth: The Computer Game) before they even touched the Star Wars license 5 years later.LucasArt was particularly know for their Point & Click Adventure games back in the 90s.The Secret of Monkey Island,Sam & Max,Day of the Tentacle,Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis,The Dig,Full ThrottleHerc's Adven- Oh... I forgot we're never suppose to speak of that game...; these titles were paving the way for LucasArts during the 90s as an adventure game developing company. All of their releases up through 1998 were all in the realm of 2D gaming. There wasn't much experimentation with titles in 3D realms besides, like.... two really mediocre star wars games? That somewhat slipped under the rug due to the appeal of their adventure games? Anyways, up until this point, LucasArts hadn't ventured to deep into the world of 3D graphic design. Then in 1998, on Halloween,Grim Fandangowas released!The initial release date was actually to be within the first quarter of 1998 but due to delays, the game was released on the Day of The Dead Celebration (great... unplanned timing?).Grim Fandangoreceived universal acclaim from critics and fans and is labelled one of LucasArts finest diamonds. But somehow... the game was considered a commercial failure and factored into LucasArts choosing to say farewell to the adventure game genre. Due to this decision, LucasArts focused their time on theStar Warsfranchise, turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ burned like theFantoft Stave Church, and died like the terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥it turned into.Grim Fandangowas the last original story to be developed by LuscasArts and is greatly praised for being one of the greatest games of all time. Even though it took away one of the largest foundations (AT THE TIIIIME, PEOPLE!!!) of the company.16 years later, Sony announced at E3 2014 that their team at Double Fine Production would be developing a remastered version ofGrim Fandangoin order to save the title from an eternal slumber, never to be seen again. The remastered version came out January 27, 2015 on PC. And that version of the game is the version you are contemplating on purchasing or have already and enjoy skimming through review for validation :P SO!.. Is Grim Fandango any good? Let’s find outChapter 1: Run, you pigeons. It's Robert Frost.Upon initial release,Grim Fandangowas the first action game sinceDavid Bowie: The Computer Gameto not be developed on the SCUMM engine. IN FACT!, LucasArts developed a new engine to run the game off of called GrimE engine (Named after the game it developed Grim E...dango, i dunno). this also IN FACT!!!, also influenced other developers (Escape from Monkey IslandandBaldur's Gate) to use the scripting language GrimE was using (Lua).Grim E-dangowas also the first adventure game to incorporate 3D character designs with 2D Backdrop design. Not only was this an innovation for the development team, but it provided the game with character and provided variety in depth and design potential. Initially, the game look like a bridge troll's hairy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... I meanLOOK AT THIS!!!!LOL I'm ♥♥♥♥ing with you, that's not what it looked like... That's not even the same game, bro... get your life together...But in all seriousness, the initial graphics didn't compensate for some shadow effects that should have been present. The characters look very pixelated, even for 3D models. But the 2D art designs look rather stylistic and well designed... which makes the game look somewhat awkward? I suppose, but given the history lesson we just had, its understandableThe confusing part is actually with the remastered version. it isn’t…. Honestly, its just character designs that were updated. Cut scenes, level design, art design, animation... were never touched. The character movements, still aren't that fluent. This isn't much of an issue with LucasArts as it is with Double Fine Production.All in all, the graphics honestly aren't too bad. Relative to much other classic games I have seen lurk around steam. Sure it may be dated, but the graphics don't impede on entertainment factor of the game.Chapter 2: {ad-libbing on open jazz mic} Can you hear the sound of us not talking?The original soundtrack was composed by LucasArts' own Peter McConnell. And for anyone who is fan of music, video game soundtracks, or who is a music composition major like myself,Grim Fandangois known to have one of the best soundtracks out there. Competing withFinal Fantasy VII, andSilent Hill 2. There's so many styles of music implemented to create the world ofGrim Fandong. Bebop, Big Band, Latin Jazz, Swing, Mariachi. In the realm of music, dominated by electronic, sequencing and midi, 16 bit, and orchestral soundtracks. A jazz OST definitely stands out. And the music is definitely defined to create themes and motifs for different characters, levels, yet also strikes hard when tension rises and when tension is resolved. And yet, these pieces resonate so well outside of the game, that having it on my iPhone is a must! The soundtrack is diverse, smooth, sonically striking.... irresistible.its jaaazz.Chapter 3: I just locked an open door... strange, yet symbolically compelling.The plot itself is explained quite simply within the first few minutes of the game. Lots of Exposition... You play as Manny Calavera, a travel agent in the Land of the Dead. You live your life stuck at a dead end job passing out travel packages to all the newly deceased. Out of spite for your fellow co-worker, Domino, Manny chooses to steal one of Domino’s top clients. She flees off and you must travel the Land of the Dead with your trusty friend Glottos to rescue her from the dangers of the Land of the Dead.The game takes a lot of influences from Central American culture. The idea of afterlife and the underworld are heavily stated, constantly dealing with the idea of death, grief, mortality. But its all presented in a film noir style, padded with comedic writing and some tongue-in-cheek humor. It gives the game dynamic, and personally attracts to my sense of humor. Its not necessarily busting out loud laughter, but its definitely humor that entertains.Chapter 4: Viva La Revolucion.There are two options for controls, Tank controls and the most self-explanatory one… Point & Click. Otherwise, there is also controller support with is a plus too! The puzzles are somewhat on the challenging side and require a bit of out-of-the-box thinking. They’re not obvious at all. A guide could be suggested if you’re stuck. But if you find out a puzzle on your own, the challenge scales with the satisfaction you feel by figuring it out on your own.Conclusion (TL;DR)Grim Fandangois my favorite game of all time. I have never felt so engaged with the story and its characters. It has historical importance, it has memorable characters, it has a unique game design, but most importantly, its such a fantastic story. Its like watching your favorite movie over and over again. You know the story, you know how the movie plays out, but its how its told that keeps you coming back for more."
,Not Recommended,316790,16296435,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,cacographeld,"The game itself? Fantastic. A true classic in the adventure genre of games.This version? Nope. No. Nooooo. Frequent crashes and a bugged out ""Remastered"" mode where it chews up 99% of a GTX980 while pushing it to maximum core clocks and voltage. No developer communication, and no signs of a fix.Great game, but keep an eye on the forums for any word of a fix. When (if?) it does get fixed, it'll be well worth your money.Oh also, Playstation buttons everywhere. I'm using an Xbone pad!"
76561198136845836,Not Recommended,316790,14375545,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Matt,"I expected more. Considering that I have an oldish Mac I figured I would still be ok running this. The remastered version did not work but thats fine. My computer is older as I said. But then I played it on the original specs and keep in mind, this game is 16 years old, it glitched. Seriously?? Waste of my money."
76561198273733850,Recommended,316790,31548013,Posted: 4 May,all,tatatiux,Lovely game! the story and the themes were amazing although some of the puzzles where a headache. very recomended if you enjoy the story but the mechanics of the game can make it long and sometimes boring when you are stuck re-visiting every place over and over to solve the puzzles.
,Recommended,316790,24276624,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Pikapool,"This is one of the best point n click games I have ever played.Strong points:- Good story- Funny, the jokes are a wee bit dark- Good music- Good characters with personality- The way to solve every puzzle is interestingWeak points:- Hard, without a guide, dont ever think to finish this game under 10 hours, there is no hint. If you can finish this game without guide, then you must be the real life Sherlock Holmes- Too short.Recommended, the dev deserve every penny they spent to make this game,"
,Recommended,316790,26256739,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Though Grim Fandango received critical acclaim, and several awards, following its original LucasArts release in 1998, the point and click adventure game has remained in a cult classic status over the last several years. Many people didn't know about it, or simply forgot about it over time. Its comedic style mixed with a Mexican noir overtone made it a highly unique production, one that still stands out strongly to this day. Given its humor and all around wacky characters, it's no surprise that Double Fine Productions are the company behind its 2015 remaster.So before jumping into the game as a whole, I'm going to outline the differences with the Remastered version for those who've played the title previously. If you're familiar with the upgraded 3D models in either Final Fantasy VII or VIII, you'll know what to expect when it comes to the ones in Grim Fandago Remastered. Basically, the once heavily polygon ridden characters are now smoothed and rounded out; along with most of the objects that you can pick up or otherwise interact with. The backgrounds and cutscenes have been left in their original, unaltered state, so there's a little bit of a contrast, but the game as a whole has aged decently. The soundtrack and voices have been given a HD upgrade as well. You can now also pick between standard and oldschool tank controls. Accompanying your journey through the eighth underworld is one fantastic soundtrack, and in this version, you get the pleasure of hearing it re-recorded in its entirety with a live orchestra. From jazzy be-bops to melancholic noir stylings, to fast paced chaos when the moment is right, it's definitely not an audible experience that you'll be forgetting anytime soon.The player assumes the role of Manuel (Manny) Calavera, who is a travel agent at the Department of Death in the afterlife city of El Marrow; he often dresses as a grim reaper to help his clients transition from this presumed land of limbo into the next plane of existence. The better living life that his clients lived, the more likely they are to be able to afford a ticket on one of the luxurious methods of transportation to said realm, but lately it seems that all of Manny's clientele are destined to set out on a 4 year journey by foot to the next life instead. Since he has been forced into the life of a travel agent to work off his debt to ""the powers that be"", and he only gets ""commission"" if they qualify for a ticket, Manny grows increasingly frustrated that none of his applicants seem to qualify for the deluxe rides and sets out to get to the bottom of what's going on. What follows is a tale of mystery, heartbreak, betrayal, and comedic gold.Whether they be good, bad, or downright despicable, all of the characters in Grim Fandago are extraordinarily charismatic and each of them have a well crafted personality with accompanying backstory. The dialogue interactions between each one of them is usually in some way humorous, but not in such a manner that it sticks out bluntly; a large chunk of the hilarity that ensues is very casual, and that's one of the many aspects that makes this game such a success. Along with main main Manny, you will also encounter his lovable demon mechanic sidekick Glottis, his arch rival Domino, the woman named Menche that he's desperately trying to save, and many other lovable personalities. They're all fully voice acted also, amazingly well I might add, and most characters have a prevalent Mexican accent.As per ususal with point and click adventure games, almost everything that you need to do in order to progress is some sort of puzzle. Most of them are pretty straightforward, or are easy to solve with a little bit of brain power. There are only a handful of really 'big', complex riddles to solve, and some individuals may find themselves getting frustrated and stuck on them even with the use of a text or visual aid. However, they're all very creative and unlike anything seen in any other games of the same genre, from the same time period. Nevertheless, overcoming these obstacles is well worth the effort in order to see the entire game to completion at the end of Year 4. That's another trait worth mentioning, that Grim Fandago is split up into 4 ""Years"" that work just like chapters, and the first two are the longest.For a game that's over 15 years old, Grim Fandago Remastered really holds up well in the modern world; it's even better than most newer titles of the point and click genre. Overall, it's really the vibrant, well crafted characters and brilliant voice acting that puts this title so far ahead of the curve; along with the unique setting, and Mexican folklore mixed with a detective noir style. If you're a fan of the genre, or even if you're not, this is one event that you shouldn't be putting off experiencing for the story and characters alone. Given the amount of work that has been put in to the remaster, along with the minimum 5 hours of playtime, the asking price is absolutely justified.Rating:5.0/5.0- An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,316790,33816174,Posted: 26 July,all,Akarin~,"Oh my boats got a rusty anchor.Rusty as she could beat every port I go I drop herbut she always come back to meOh rusty anchorgoin down, down, downOh rusty anchorGuess I got to hang aroundWell I love that rusty anchor(*wheeze*)but man she don't love meand one mornin I woke to find us both a-driftin out to seeand every chance I get I thank herfor never leaving mewell my bones are carved up driftwoodshe won't never set them freeOh rusty anchor!goin down, down, downOh rusty ancor!guess I gotta hang arouuuuuuuuuuuuuund!Well, whaddya think?"
76561198003030375,Recommended,316790,14206895,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Grim Fandango Remastered~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~What a pleasure to be re-acquainted with the famous travel agent of death. The one and only Manny Calavera, from the department of death; and he has to have a Spanish accent, the bugger.I could not resist getting my hands on this classic point and click remastered adventure.At the time of the original release, this game was probably the pinnacle of it genre and pushed the boundaries with its witty and clever dark humour and a well structured story.As much as I like this game, I was a bit disappointed in regards to the resolution this game will accept, which is only up to 1920 X 1080.Graphically it is polished but I think it could have been better. Nonetheless, I really like this game as much as or even more than before.Come on ladies and gents, after all it’s Grim, it’s Fun, it’s Fabulous, It’s just FANDANGO!!Positives:~~~~~~~~-	Great Story-	Fabulous Characters (Especialitos Manny Calavera)-	Great audio and dialogues-	Witty humour-       Achievements-	Just a classicNegatives:~~~~~~~~~-	Graphically could have been better7.9/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198045419405,Recommended,316790,14191693,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kalavere,"Grim Fandango is a great, GREAT game.This is the orginal, in it's entirety, with polished character models, different aspect ratios; 4:3; 4:3 with pretty boders or a stretched 16:9. That's pretty much it.  Oh and added mouse support.Don't expect a total overhaul, it's been 'optimized' for Windows 7-8 and it's on Steam, what more can you ask for?One of the best games ever made, and certainly one of Lucas Arts finest. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,316790,21417676,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Anythralus,"How do i even begin??Man... so much memories...Grim Fandango may not be the greatest game ever made, but at least for me it was the most memorable game of all time, each second on this game rewinds me of an outstanding past which i had 7 years old, happiest child of the universe, no worries.I wouldn't be half of the great guy that i am if my personality had not been polished in some way by Grim Fandango.Putting all that aside, Grim Fandango is still one of the best adventure/point&click out there, aged well for a 1998 game.[10/10]Interesting thing is, i HATE adventure/point&click games, i despise them really, there are so few that i enjoy and Grim Fandango is right on the top of the list.And it's amazing how cheap this game is (U$15) and you can buy it for much less at any sale, if you've never played GF, it is aMUSTplay."
,Recommended,316790,23941748,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,most likely to die first,"This is one of, if not the best game I've played period.  If I were to make a list of the top ten games ever, I would not be able to put this game on it, because it's too good of a game. Some people say it needs a sequel, but it would be a crime to do sell it... or make it.  Ok, the games good... this may sound like i'm being payed or something, but you won't regret buying it.(Also, I have not played this game in my child-hood, so I have no nostalga towards it.)"
76561198088380930,Recommended,316790,33783679,Posted: 25 July,all,emasterslake,"Grim Fandango is a brillantly written game directed by Tim Schafer(The first two Monkey Island games & Broken Age). The game is set in the Eighth Underworld or the ""Land of the Dead"" focusing on Manuel ""Manny"" Calavera. Every human who has died in the land of the living immidiately comes to the Eighth Underworld in skeleton form. Each newly deceased human is welcomed by a travel agent of the Department of the Dead(or D.O.D. for short) that pose as grim reapers with black cloack and slythe. The reaper's job is to look up the life of each client and see which packet they deserve the most. The Those who lived a great life can immidiately travel to the Ninth Underworld via a Double Nine Ticket. However those who didn't live a good life or committed a sin of some kind have no choice but receive the second hand offer or end up doing some work in order to earn the right to go to the Ninth Underworld. Manny Calavera was unfornate to not get a Double Nine ticket so he ended up working for the D.O.D. as a reaper to assist as many premium clients as he could find in order to earn the ticket to his final destination. In the beginning of his career, he was getting tons of clients that were elgible to go to the Ninth Underworld. But lately he's been stuck with second rate clients that don't come close to getting their own tickets. To make matters worse, Manny is being pressured by his boss to either find a premium client or risk being fired for failure to improve. This leads Manny to breaking some rules in order to find a lead client who is qualified to get a Double Nine Ticket. And he may of found more than he bargained for once he greets himself to the newly deceased Mercedes 'Meche' Colomar. A woman who just might be the key to help Manny out. Grim Fandango is a classic that succeeds in story, characters, and art. This was one of LucasArts' earlier 3D rendering games as all of the characters are designed with polygonic graphics. But despite the limitations of the technology, they manage to create a colorful and imaginative world. The world itself is massive and draws inspiration from film noir, art deco, mexican/mayan arcitecture, and the holiday of Día de Muertos(Day of the Dead). Which is what this game's theme is, is the celebration in honoring the dead on the day after Halloween. The time period is ambigious, I think that helps the game feel timeless as this story could of happened during any decade. The acting and the dialoge is on par, I loved all of the one liners and to this day I find myself quoting the game almost everyday. The majority of the characters are voice by Spanish actors to help fit the theme of the game. This Remastered edition offers the options of either playing the game in the Remastered form which has smoother graphics and better drop shadow effects as well as the option to play the game in its original form. With hours of different dialoge options it's recommended to play the game multiple times. Cause after all these years I am still discovering new quotes and events in this game. Overrall this game has class and created a lasting impression to me, anyone reading this review I hope will have the same experience as I did. Cause Grim Fandango offers an adventure story that you won't ever forgot."
,Recommended,316790,25109989,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kel-nage,"One of my all-time favourite adventure games, if not games in general. The fantastic characters, beautiful architecture and intriguing setting (oh and the audio is top-notch too) - all come together to make a memorable experience. Some of the puzzles are fiendishly difficult, plus using the tank controls for that one achievement is awful (thanks Tim!), so it certainly reminds you what games were like back in the 90's - but playing it again makes me sure it isn't just nostalgia. This is a classic."
76561198093620422,Not Recommended,316790,14444609,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jasnjazz,"This game can be brilliant at times, the style and story are great. But frankly the puzzles fall short in that they don't make any sense half the time. That and the fact that the gamepad controls make this game unplayable soured my experience, don't think I'll even finish it.Allowed peoples rose tinted glasses dipped in nostalgia talk me into this purchase. Also this game could have looked better as a remaster."
,Not Recommended,316790,19574421,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,disscravis,"This is the first time I've been completely let down when playing a game that's been considered a masterpiece. The way that the player interacts with the game world is just so obtuse and archaic, I found myself wandering endlessly just trying to figure out the next thing to click on. Solutions to ""puzzles"" (I hazard to call them that) include equipping each item and interacting with every available option just to see what sticks. When I finally figured out what to do, I wasn't thinking ""boy that was clever."" Nearly every one had me saying ""wow that was stupid.""I usually don't give much thought to graphical achievement if the gameplay is solid, but honestly the visuals in the remastered version of this game are still just plain bad. Sure the character models are updated, but the environments are muddy and messy, making it unclear what can be interacted with and what cannot. Given the technical achievements of games like Kingdom Hearts: Re:Chain of Memories and Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes, I found this effort to reek of laziness.The game deserves some credit for weaving a decent story, but it's nothing to write home about. I found Manny to be such a weasel I honestly didn't think he deserved toboard the Double N train.Manny takes advantage of other characters, lies and steals to finally get to Meche despite only having met her for a couple minutes. Manny's actions make it clear that he is selfish and conniving, and that his pursuit of Meche is just an excuse to leave his life behind and the people who helped get him there. Much of the relationships that Manny has with other characters is implied more than shown, which leads to many confusing moments where characters die and we were supposed to care (e.g.Lola in Year 2). Overall the story is so disjointed and unearned, I wondered if I had should have spent my time reading a good book rather than slogging through the last two sections of Grim Fandango.This game makes some decent leaps and strides in terms of where games were in 1998. Today it is a relic of poor game design and hacky storytelling that is better off left forgotten."
,Recommended,316790,19356995,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rufi,"After years I finally finished the game (because my old copy was buggy and Windows 98 didn't helped).This is one of the weird games that you saw on TV when it was released and you wanted to see more, and is in its entirety very memorable. SO memorable that I knew what to do most of the time after all this years.The story is good, but some of the characters can be annoying sometimes (either because it was on purpose or not). At the end you will find a way to forgive them.Unfortunately this game falls over the big flaw that most of the Point & Click Adventures has. You have to check every single part of the screen and sometimes you have to say ♥♥♥♥ logic and start to do Try & Error. Be sure to see Manny's head because it will indicate that there's something to interact and listen every single word that everyone has to say.The remastered edition is just that. No true Widescreen/HD, just the same good old game for current PCs with better texture models. The game has 3 types of controls: The P&C, Free Movement and the Tank Control (move like a tank).I recommend using the Tank Control because you will have a better movement each time the camera changes, and because it's SERIOUSLY MEANT to be played like that."
,Recommended,316790,33606860,Posted: 17 July,all,✿ Kat ✿,"The Grim Fandango is a really challenging and satisfying adventure game. I've had to use a walkthrough at least 5 times to get up to where I am, but the puzzles I did myself made me feel like a genius. Really recommend this game to people who enjoy challenging puzzles and point and click games. 10/10. Your hand won't be held."
76561198027981499,Recommended,316790,14188447,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,doctorhitts,"A classic adventure set in the Land of the Dead, Grim Fandango is back and remastered!  Well, kinda.  Don't expect a full HD upgrade, it's still the lovable polygons of old, with prerendered backdrops and cutscenes that still look fantstic.  You can play in either 4:3 (original) format or a stretch 16:9.  The updated controls are a treat for many that battled with the original scheme, and there's also controller support for those that wish to use it.There's a director's commentary available while you're playing.  Pretty interesting addition, will need to listen on my second playthrough.I've only played through the first hour or so of the game at the time of this writing, but I can already tell it's going to be a treat to play through again.Viva la revolución!"
,Recommended,316790,29010444,Posted: 4 January,all,gos_,How to play the game:*start the game*try to figure out the puzzle*fail*promise yourself that you'll solve it yourself*fail again*watch the walkthrough*find out the puzzle was easy*feel stupid*exit the gameAnd this cycle repeats
76561197989132185,Recommended,316790,14203949,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,pulp-reduced,"When we die we are no longer met with a void, instead, we are driven to a travel agents office, an agent doing community service in the hopes of getting away from it all. But all the clients he gets are a bunch of “deadbeats” that aren't going to further his goals of working off his community service or sell enough premium travel packets so that he can leave this “Land of the dead”; a state of limbo in the form of a menial, tiresome, job for the average working dead man. This agent, Manny, is working as a Grim Reaper offering travel arrangements for the newly deceased. With this introduction we realize that death has as many hardships as life, and we're soon to realize the extent of it.Grim Fandango immediately strikes us with a depressing undertone: a laborious economical hierarchy is the erzats of the idea of paradise, and the jouissance of everlasting life in a heavenly realm is as laughable as it should be when it is ironically juxtaposed to what Grim Fandango conveys. Contrasting the drabness and tiredness of this limbo and the subject of death itself, with the incredibly jovial tone of the game and the obvious Mexican influences (Día de Muertos, where the dead and death is celebrated and the attitude towards death is rather lighthearted in general), creates a constant tug of war between disjunctive emotive states that somehow perfectly match each other.What you notice not before long is how stingy the game is with hints. You have so very little go on in each turn of the game and it's not rare that you sometimes stumble upon the solution before you even know what you are supposed to accomplish. The problem is not clearly conveyed and therefore it's difficult to really follow what the game wants you to do. Fortunate enough, the game world and the conversations are entertaining enough to warrant some dillydallying, even though it is on the edge of returning to the sphere of annoyance and frustration it just manages to keep you going.Moreover, the puzzle design and solutions are a bit nonsensical. Not in the way that they are impossible to figure out or take you a whole lot of time to figure out once the problem is laid out, but in the absurdity of it all. The puzzles have a certain path or linearity to them that makes it somewhat simple, you just try everything available and everything comes naturally, but when you step back and retroactively think about the puzzle, you realize the absurdity of its solution and can't help but laugh. Items are placed with the ilk of haphazardness, and the aleatory coming forth of characters often attribute to this overall lostness and entanglement a player may feel or find themselves in. The nonsense and madness has a structure and form that is not unimaginably difficult to see through, the objectives are veiled or very subtle, but the required actions are transparently easy to imagine in many places, especially for a player keen on exploring. Mindlessness is oddly enough probably a better prerequisite than thoughtfulness in this particular game. Your ideas have to digress, regress and follow the illogical nature of “just doing”. This creates an interesting challenge for veteran puzzle players, and a helpfulness for those that are not familiar with the game genre: the knowledgeable have to reevaluate their problem solving, and the unfamiliar can flail about and still hit the button of progression. I shouldn't undermine the puzzle-design too much, though. It is still wonderfully thought-provoking and funny, and there's really more logic and sense to a lot of it than you may think. Mainly, you just have to surrender yourself to the game's logic, or non-logic, which is something I was more than willing to do, despite the silliness.Despite an interesting story, premise and generally wonderful art-design and style choices, the game can look quite awful which slightly lessens the over all impression. Most animations still look dated, textures vary in quality and the same goes for lighting. Personally, the parts that look bad are negligible, and the negation of that made it an emaciated attempt at ruining my experience, but I know others may differ in how they approach graphical quality, so it should be stated that the game doesn't look fantastic at all points, but it is easily negatable.The mixing was also one of these things that brought the game down a bit in some places. And this was to me not as easy to ignore, since I can always look away from the ugliness, but the auricular noise is unavoidable and with bad mixing, it can interfere with dialog, which hinders progress and thus becomes an annoyance. A lot of the sounds just doesn't sound nice either, like the design of effect-sounds can be really jarring and difficult to listen to, especially when they repeat. Like the driving section – which, by the way, may have been the worst driving section of any game I've ever played – where to music was very loudly intermixed with the motors rumbling and created this painful cacophony that along with the cars awful handing made this part very difficult to enjoy, despite it being in the company of our very lovable personal driver.I hate to keep going with the negatives with a game like this. But the game doesn't have an autosave function. That's perfectly alright, it forces you to keep track on your progression and where you are, it also gives you the power to stop whenever you want to without having to retread old steps, but when the game can lock itself into a state where you are forced to restart, you really need something like an autosave or a checkpoint system. There is no way to predict if a game is buggy or not, so if you don't save because you know you're going to play for a while, and then the game bugs out on you, you're stuck either leaving the game for another day, due to frustration, or going through the same thing you just did all over again. This is really not acceptable in any game, honestly. Sure, the game is wonderful, but redoing everything retracts from that impression, unfortunately, and replaces any joy with frustration. There's something sad about losing immense enjoyment from something so basic like not having the game hardlock. I am not sure if this is happening to anyone else, but it happened during my playthrough.In reality, we all probably know what Grim Fandango is, and it's great to see it come back for a later generation and for those that never got around to playing this classic game. The small issues that are game-related, like hardlocking and retreading is forgivable due to the substance of the game and are easily worked around by saving often, it's just sad to see something like that wear down on an otherwise incredible game. Grim Fandango is in fact truly unique, as you might imagine, and its setting is interesting in a way that not many games are. The humor is that of any classic Tim Schafer game that in accordance with some of the greastest character designs is worth it solely based on that, but you get a whole lot more, as long as you don't expect a remastered version to be entirely perfect, because it isn't, you will find a lot of enjoyment in this game, for both for the thoughtful and the mindless side of yourself."
76561198030665293,Recommended,316790,31828201,Posted: 18 May,all,Scuzzlebutt,"Witty, funny writing and clever puzzles combined with a good and refreshingly unconventional story make this game still very much worth it."
,Recommended,316790,31936345,Posted: 24 May,all,pleaser~,"This game actually still so good ! Soundtrack is 10/10 and the humour is fresh! You will definately struggle if you are playing for the first time, some of the puzzles are really hard to solve at first but you'll get hang of it soon enough!"
,Recommended,316790,17931607,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,chriskringel,"I thought I already gave this release a negative review, and I wanted to change it to a positive review. But I mixed that up with Broken Age (*cough* ""classic point-and-click adventure"" *cough*), which is one reason I got super annoyed with Double Fine (and the latter deserves a negative review if you ask me). But what about Grim Fandango Remastered? It's complicated:First: This game is really GOOD. Just replaying the last scene of Year One and the transition cutscene to Year Two, plus the soundtrack, I mean, c'mon it is just plain epic. It's tough to ignore all of the genius of the original game, it's mood, it's story and so on. I'm super glad that Schafer really did NOT went ""George's Special Edition"" all over the place (which would have been the worst thing one could possibly ever do.) So far so good. But was ""Remastered"" just a cash grab? For me it's 50/50. Yes, they've re-done all the textures for the models, that is ok'ish. But in the Making Of videos that let it look like they would had HD source material of the backgrounds in their hands (something like ""oh we called everyone, we got this huge archive from Lucas... bla bla bla""). In the Making-Ofs expectations are likely to get a little bit exagerrated. Secondly the renderer. Yes you can switch back to the ""old look"". But it's not the whole true. When you switch to classic mode, they show the old renderer *without* HW acceleration. But the original '98 release did have DirectX HW acceleration and with that turned on (plus forcing Antialiasing from e.g. your Nvidia driver settings) it looks nearly the same way. Though the new models' texture indeed look a bit more crisp, like clean svg images without any compression artifacts. Again, remember, it's just about the texture on the models, nothing less, but also nothing more. I come to think they let the ""classic"" renderer look super bad, because so it looks like they really ""remastered"" Grim Fandango. But it is more of a little polished re-release, if you ask me. Playing the old 2 CD-ROMs with ResidualVM, setting the scaling correctly and my monitor to 800x600, and forcing anti-aliasing from my driver's setting plus enabled HW acceleration in the game's settings (yes it's possible with ResidualVM) it looks nearly as good as this new released version. I tested it both on Linux and Windows with an Nvidia card. Last but not least the menus of the remastered version, well, they look a bit rushed to me. The background is cool but the menus look a bit cheap to me. Altogether I think this ""Remastered"" version was a bit rushed out to the door. And for some people it tends to be a bit buggy. However, *if* you encounter any serious bugs, head for a refund. This specific point shouldn't stop you from buying and giving it a try. Last but not least, they changed the interface a little bit, with an icon permanently in the lower right of your screen. Well, if wish it could be disabled in preferences, because I don't like it that much and it wasn't in the original game. Again, Settings and Menu fall really flat. Also: There is NO real widescreen support. If you set 16:9 the game will get stretched, yuck. Why do they have included this option at all? It's pointless and pretty ugly. If you play in 4:3 you will have borders on the right and the left, decorated mexican/aztec'ish borders  or black bars. At least they let you set that in the preferences. One point is even a step back from the original: The lighting looks technically better, however it is not that carefully set as in the original. Sometimes it's not that perfect mood, sometimes it's different, sometimes it is done more simple and cuts out some tiny pieces from the athmosphere of a few scenes and settings. And otherwise sometimes the new lighting is really quite a bit over the top. I mean come on, my head really doesn't glow orange when I smoke a cigarette. Even when it's night.And now the good stuff: The game was and is just great. The soundtrack really got remastered although it is not always that different, but at least you can buy it and compare it (at first I thought they just re-recorded a very few themes, cash-grab and so on, --- but it seems like they really let Peter McConnell re-record a lot more.) I was just very suspicious because starting after 'The Cave' all Double Fine releases seemed really rushed and flat to me (DF-9, Broken Promises, eh, Age, I mean -- and all other titles at least rushed). But the soundtrack, hey, it's true, it's really re-recorded at least on the bigger amount of it.Did this release got some love at all? Yes! The internationalization, they at least included more speaking languages than English and they included the German translation (which I bought '98 on two CD-ROMs) with the voiceactor of German ALF as the voice of Manny (it worked really well, even if you would not believe it! I loved it). Grim Fandango had some localized versions with top-notch voiceacting and yeah they included it all. Which is definitely a bonus over the version I own. So now I can enjoy the game in both versions, localized (like 98 of 100) and original (100 of 100).What else? Well, thanks to cash-grabby-plushy Double Fine Productions I can play the game absolutely hassle-free, I don't have to search my CD-ROMs, I don't need to set up ResidualVM, and don't have to fiddle with graphics settings and my monitor (that was a CRT last time I played it...), I just download the game and get at least a really solid ""good enough"" result. I can't deny that. Even more: That platform which only had Doom 3 demo and Planet Tuxracer as games a few years ago (ok, and Frozen Bubble 2 maybe), I can just enjoy Grim Fandango on Linux. Whoah! (Ok, ResidualVM also supports Linux pretty well and with at least with Nvidia -and/or others- you get HW accel also, ... but you get my point. Hassle-free(tm) was not included with that. And now it is.) Of course the system specifications, why that huge amount of RAM? Looks like a little bit more time for programming would have been good, but ok. On Linux OpenGL 3.3 is more than reasonable, if you're stuck with 2.1 it's time for a new graphics card generally.Conclusion: I get the game for Windows, Mac and Linux/SteamOS. I get in-game re-recorded remastered lovely soundtrack. I can play the original version or one of the extremely well-done localized versions. The graphics are a bit better also. Plus the awesomeness of the original. Equals: Thumbs up! That maybe was close - but it really is ""Yes!"" for me in the end. I enjoy this game too much.(EDIT: typos)"
,Recommended,316790,14450619,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheIronicTea,"In this mini-review I'll be mostly discussing the positive and negative sides of the REMASTERED version.Grim Fandango: Remastered edition is mostly fantastic. Especially Peter McConnell's re-recorded musical score is reason enough to purchase the game, since it is without a doubt one of the best original soundtracks ever featured in a video game. For the first time all of the music has been recorded with a live-orchestra, and it shows.The improved models are a nice touch, and there's a remarkable change in the look of the game. However, the pre-rendered painted backgrounds have not been changed, but they still hold up today surprisingly well, though the game is locked in 4:3 aspect ratio. There's a 16:9 streched option available, but it doesn't look good. You can change the look of the game to the original with the simple press of the backspace button, which is an excellent feature.Developer Commentary is also included within the game, toggleable in the ""special features"" submenu. In game, a film roll is present in the top-left corner of the game when a developer commentary is available. It is a very handy feature, and doesn't pull you out of the game, since you can decide so easily when to listen to them or not. Unfortunately the audio cuts off quite easily when interracting with the environment, so patience is usually required when listening to these, but they're only a few minutes long. The commentary consists of former Lucas Arts employees discussing about the game, and it's great fun listening to all of the details. Tim Schafer and Peter McConnell feature in it.One of the things that was one of the most commercialized aspects in this re-release was the improved lighting. Unfortunately it doesn't work very well, and the original shadows surpass the new shadows occasionally. For example, when walking towards a lighthouse no shadow is casted behind the models in the remastered mode, but in the original there is. The new models are also always very lit even in dark areas, in which the original version again looks much better. Most of the time this is not a problem however, and the game does look remarkably better with the improved textures.The most annoying problem in the remastered version is the occasional bug. I had to restart my game during my playthrough about 10 times, because the game softlocked after I tried to get an item out of my inventory. Double Fine is apparently working on a patch to fix this presumably, and it's not a game breaking deal if you just remember to save often.The price is cheap. I would recommend buying this after Double Fine fixes the annoying softlocks. It's still quite playable though, and the game still holds up today very nicely, but the puzzles are very dated in my opinion. Grim Fandango is still a classic game, and one of the best adventure games of all time."
,Not Recommended,316790,25581204,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,eternal,"""I don't really wanna to do that.""- Manny Calavera, 1998You know when you complain about an obtuse puzzle on a gaming forum, and someone invariably says ""at least it's not like an old point-and-click""? Turns out they weren't kidding.I tried to like this game. It's good in many ways: original setting, engaging dialogue, charmingly crazy puzzles. This is my second Double Fine point-and-click after Broken Age, and I can tell that I like their style. The praise that Grim Fandango gets for its story is definitely warranted.But the gameplay holds it back. My main complaint isn't difficulty, per se — it's thelack of guidance.There comes a point in every point-and-click where logic fails you and you resort to brute force. Sometimes this is a fun experience: much of the text in these games only comes up when you make the wrong decision, and I sort of enjoyed stumbling my way through Broken Age. It can be tedious, but there's something exciting about finding a new item and testing it out on everything in the room.Unfortunately, Grim Fandango does not have enough ""failure"" text.I've lost track of how many times I heard Manny unhelpfully say, ""I don't really wanna to do that."" Come on, dude - do youreallynot want to squirt your turkey baster full of dirty hookah water into the cat litter, just to see what'll happen? I mean, sure, it might not accomplish anything. But you're not known for solving problems in the most straightforward way, either. Just give it a shot, will ya?Stuff like this happens all the time. I can forgive the game for the occasional pixel-hunting puzzle, but the lack of hints plagues every section. Without enough feedback for your mistakes, the player is left to brute force every room in the region, rather than being pointed in roughly the right direction.There's no logical use for a turkey baster full of dirty hookah water. It's not about being smart, or clever, or good at puzzle games - there's just no reason for a player to know these things. The game needs subtle hints for wrong decisions, so that every failed attempt brings you a step closer to figuring out what Manny wants to do with the hookah water.I liked this game, but I couldn't finish it. If you're new to the genre, remember: this isn't likeLa-MulanaorThe Witness. Being good at puzzle games doesn't mean that you can read the developers' minds, and if you spend too much time wandering about, the story will lose all the charm it originally had."
76561198029515793,Recommended,316790,14261051,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Torwald,Oh the memories. Nice to have this classic back.
76561198076848917,Recommended,316790,22817295,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Peanut,"The story in this game is fantastic. The dialogue is brilliant. The art direction is lovely. The voice acting is excellent.The puzzles make absolutely no sense, and I couldn't get through it without a walkthrough. To be fair though, I do kind of suck at the lateral thinking required to play these sorts of games, so you can't put too much of the blame on the game.Even without the sense of acheivment gained from solving puzzles yourself, I thought this game was worth playing."
76561198028678769,Recommended,316790,19596503,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kyle,"In my eyes, LucasArt's finest game with the most rich characters and funniest dialogue. Genuinely good writing saves the awful, awful puzzles. Graphics are clearly dated, even with the Remaster job, but it has a quirky charm to it, as most early 3D games with pre-rendered backgrounds do."
,Recommended,316790,24254463,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,davidspackage,"Grim Fandango is a masterpiece of a game, with a compelling story, beautiful art, great music, excellent voice acting, wonderful characters and a wonderfully realized world that you're going to want to spend more time in than you can. The adventure game aspect is challening and at times quite difficult, but never unfairly so.This remastered version has better lighting, smoother looking 3D models, improved backgrounds and much higher resolution textures on the characters. If that isn't enough to get you playing Grim Fandango again, it's also loaded with commentary bits to give you insight in how the game was made. The pre-rendered cutscenes are, I think, higher resolution than they were in the original. The only slight downer is that you can tell from the face textures in the cutscenes that they were not re-done for this version. I assume maybe they only had high res video files of the cutscenes left, and the realtime assets were no longer available. It's a small detail. There's also the occasional animation glitch (a character sort of vibrating in place, an arm twisting in a weird direction), mostly when you skip lines (well, why would you?), and Manny can still get a little stuck on the geometry sometimes. It's nothing significant.Grim Fandango is one of the greatest games ever made. Buy it whether you own the original version or not, because this is worth the experience eitherway."
76561198115155712,Recommended,316790,19061416,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,sebkd,This game sometimes is so frustrating when the puzzles don't make as much sense as the other ones.I would reccomend this also because it's story is FANTASTIC. The voice acting is also amazing. The new and improved lighting system does not seem much difference. Press delete and suddenly it becomes the original game graphics.All in all I find this a great game.Robert Frost was an american poet if you were wondering.
76561198100624727,Recommended,316790,19623247,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,StacheBean,"Loved the story, loved the dialogue, loved the characters. I even beat the game twice and I enjoyed both playthroughs. I pretty much had a lovely time and, I must say, I miss their hispanic accent already.What a fantastic journey. If you're not using Tank controls, that is."
,Recommended,316790,26931208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gralegath,As good as it was when I first played it.This game is a true classic.
76561198095414274,Recommended,316790,28390807,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pumpkin Witch,"This game may be older, but it stands the test of time. Its artwork is lovely, its storyline engaging, you can meet achievements often by interacting with the NPCs (i.e. talking or doing stuff beyond the most linear option), something that I like.But best of all? Its lovingly created characters that I fell in love with as much as with the brilliant, zany humor!!It's a must-buy, still today."
,Recommended,316790,20363770,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Graham,"One of the best point & click games I have played. Interesting puzzles, great story & amazing characters. A short review but there is really nothing bad to say about this game, the only reason someone wouldn't buy it is because of personal politics involving all income going to Tim... nonsense. Puzzles were sometimes exteremely hard for me, although that is my fault because I haven't been playing as many point & click games as I used to, that however will probably change in the near future."
76561198121429434,Recommended,316790,25903849,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jaden Von Bat,"As a fan of poin-and-click video games, I just HAD to pick this one up. I never played the original version, so I don't know what changed, but, I couldn't help but enjoy myself once I figured out the first couple of puzzles. The story is pretty good too. You won't be sorry when you pick this one up, trust me!"
,Recommended,316790,26164869,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,streat0r,"I mostly play point-and-click adventures or platform puzzle games, so when I was on the search for a follow-up to my favourite Monkey Island, everyone told me I had to play Grim Fandango. At first, I must admit, I didn't like it at all. The graphics seems dated in a bad way, and I found the first few scenes uninspiring.After following a walkthrough for most of the first chapter, things started to get more interesting and I was able to really get into it. I found myself really rooting for Manny and wanting to help him get to where he needed to be. The puzzles were challenging, the storyline had enough twists and turns to keep me engaged, and the art deco inspired artwork and jazzy soundtrack grew on me. There are some unique devices in this game (I thought sprouting was such a cool visual and cultural quirk) and in the end, I could see why it has become such a classic. I'd definitely recommend it for fans of point-and-click, story-led, character-rich adventure games."
,Recommended,316790,19513395,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,sammael hellhound,"A very chilled video game. Old but gold. The synchronisation is good, funny jokes and a interesting story. But the puzzles are hardcore. Perfect if you want to spent hours to solve them.10/10"
,Recommended,316790,19685767,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,⚔ ElƵorro ⚔,"Really, it's one of the best adventures ever!The remasterd version is very nice and a good reason and a great possibility to play this great game again!! Only thing bothering me is that there is no way to look at some kind of list of your tasks, so that after a little break in playing you really don't know what to do anymore. Some of the puzzles are quite abstruse, too...But that does not do any harm!"
76561198168502418,Recommended,316790,14525379,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Laird_McLauk,"I still have a copy of the original game on CD, but wanted a version that runs on my Mac. It's been years since the last time I loaded it up, and I'd forgotten most of the puzzles. That's good, because it meant I could play it almost like the first time again. That's bad, because some of the puzzles haven't aged well and rely on either running you back and forth on fetch quests or making you find the exact right pixels to hover your selection tool over in order to see that you can do something.The real reason to play this game, though, is the glorious music. I could listen to the Bone Wagon theme on repeat for hours (which is fortunate, as I'd totally forgotten the secret to the petrified forest and spent about 20 minutes *redacted* the *redacted* to different *redacted*). Great (if sometimes hammy) voice acting, too.The updated graphics don't hurt, either."
,Recommended,316790,15409430,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Elifino,"To be clear on why I chose ""Yes, I recommend this game"", the game is an adventure classic and the story and humor is incredibly good.This being said, as a remastered edition, it definitely disappoints. Compared to other remasters such as monkey island, the remake feels rushed out with a ""just make it work on modern hardware"" approach. The graphic updates are minimal. There are a ton of graphical glitches, no added hint system, it simple feels like the core game wrapped in an emulator.I hope double fine steps up its game in future remasters (like Day of the Tentacle).9/10 for base game, 2/10 for remastered edition."
,Recommended,316790,14189884,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,zinnia,"Do not play this game unless you are quite skilled in figuring things out for yourself. I cannot stress this enough here, this game leaves you to try and figure everything out for yourself. If you cannot do that, don't get this game period. But, if you can handle that, then welcome to among the best dective/ noir type of game you will play."
,Not Recommended,316790,14476887,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,huggy time bear,"If you absolutely LOVED Grim Fandango to death, go for it.  The game hasn't aged specifically well.In addition, besides the new control scheme (which is a fan-mod), the remaster is almost insultingly horrible.  The lack of effort is very apparent, and while I was hoping to this game wasn't a cash grab like everything else they've done lately, I was sadly let down."
,Recommended,316790,33308963,Posted: 6 July,all,Zinclive,One of the best and most rewarding puzzle games made to datePros- Difficult puzzles (but make sense).- Good voice acting.- Good story.- Interesting characters.- Good balance of cutscenes to gameplay.- Good value for the money (6 1/2 hours of gameplay for $2.99)Cons- A few bugs here and there.
76561197973698396,Not Recommended,316790,14789306,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,yiddo37,"LIke so many people I wrongly assumed this game would work on my 2 year-old pc but no. Having played the original over 10 years ago I was really looking forward to this re-master but unfortunately won't be able to unless I upgrade to a brand new pc or ps4. Not being technically minded I thought that a modern pc that can play blu-ray discs and loads of up-to-date games would be able to handle Grim Fandango but according to the GF community my graphics card (Intel HD family) is already out of date and worst of all, non-upgradeable! So, unless the developers release the original without Open GL 3.3 (Had never even heard of Open GL before this problem) my download of this game will amount to little more than a desktop icon of Manny Calavera, not great value for a £10.99 download! In short I would recommend this game if you can get it to work..."
,Recommended,316790,26792172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hyrius,"Time goes by, but this game is still wonderful."
76561198050964797,Recommended,316790,14188785,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Allenspellwaver,"This game makes me wish that Steam reviews have more in-depth rating system or at least a scoring system.Undeniably it is an awesome game from the past that ages incredibly well. Definitely thumbs up for the glorious days of LucasArts. HOWEVER, this is not a great remaster. There are a lot of issues and laziness in this version. The new lighting effect and developer commentary are nice, but everything else in the update is questionable technically.First, as a remaster in HD era, it doesn't have legit resolution options. The game is at a 4:3 resolution at default (probably 1024*768) with two bars on the sides to fill up the rest of the screen. You can change the ratio to 16:9, but it only stretches the 4:3 ratio graphics laterally which makes everything look fat.Then, the controller support. This control scheme works just fine although you cannot rebind it or adjust it in any way, but it has two irritating flaws: First, the game only shows button prompts of a PS4 controller even I'm using an X360 one. Second, the game does not tell you where the interactable items are if you play it with controller. It has the potential to make puzzles more frustrating than they should be.The game does not have autosave feature. Yup, Double Fine kindly asks you to deal with it. The original does not have this feature too, but I don't see the point of not adding it in the remaster. Losing a large chunk of progress after lengthy play time because of forgetting to save is one of the most frustrating thing in gaming. The thing I find insulting is that they added a notification says ""there's no autosave in the game, please save your progress frequently"". So the developer knows that no autosave can hurt the experience, but they did not bother to add it anyway?Overall, still a great game as it is, but the remaster stinks with low effort. I guess Double Fine just slapped in controller support, new lighting and developer commentary and called it a day without doing any upgrade to make the game feel just a little bit more modern. It feels like an emulator game honestly. What's the point of remastering it if there's barely any improved features? For some reason, the file size is almost 4 gigs while the original is no more than 1 gig if I recall correctly. The 15 dollars asking price hardly feels reasonable.I can't believe I'm saying this, but what the fxxk happened to you, Double Fine?"
,Recommended,316790,15291143,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Feenris,"One of the most unique stories ever told that never really took off within the medium of games, Grim Fandango returns after 15 years in the form of a remaster which was developed by the herald of point-and-click adventure games, LucasArts, and headed by the one and only Tim Schaffer back when he actually was known for making great adventure games.To put it bluntly, Grim Fandango Remastered is a lazy remaster of a great point-and-click adventure. While the remaster does its job by implementing more modern control schemes such as the controller and the Keyboard+Mouse, higher quality textures, there really is nothing else thats new.Textures are updated including much better lighting. Unfortunately, it is only during the gameplay segments that you would see these upgrades whereas the cutscenes are left as it was, which is a noticable downgrade of graphics when moving in and out of cutscenes. Animations are also hardly updated as far as I can tell and would sometimes bug out. Moving from one place to another also takes way too long at times and definitely is an obvious problem when transitioning a game that is 15 years old, why are these issues not addressed? These things make the game feel extremely dated regardless of having the word 'Remastered' plastered all over the game.Now onto the less techincal aspect of the game. Grim Fandango was known to be a pretty hard point-and-click adventure game because of its lack of hints or hand-holding. Ok, scratch that, there are literally no hints at all most of the time. This might frustrate some players as the puzzles do take a damn lot of time. It would fare better to have more hints to make the game much more accessible or perhaps an option for hints for those who got the game for its story.Before reading this review, chances are you would know that Grim Fandango's strengths are in its story, characters and the world. Grim Fandango's story is most definitely one of the most unique and creative I (personally) have seen and its cast of charming characters, boasted by great voice actors, needless to say, makes it all the more a unique experience.While so, I find it that the character development is quite lacking and that the story was pretty short. I was hoping that I could learn more about how the afterlife world is like and perhaps, our favourite travel agent's history and what sin got him into the job.In retrospect, if you don't mind clunky gameplay but absolutely love point-and-click games, this game is a definite no brainer. I would not recommend this game for those who are looking for a more fast paced or even moderately paced game as this game definitely takes up a whole lot of time. But for anyone who's into a great story with an enchantingly unforgettable cast of characters, then my friend, do yourself a favour.8.5/10 as its base game6/10 for its bare-boned remaster which makes it look like a lazy cash grab."
,Recommended,316790,14201672,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ReverendTed,"""Run, you pigeons!  It's Robert Frost!""After years in limbo (pun squarely intended), Grim Fandango is finally back.If you've never played it, now's your chance to experience one of the greatest adventure games of all time.The dialogue is stellar, the voice acting is perfect, the music is phenomenal, the art is gorgeous, the story is enthralling, and the puzzles are intuitive enough - once you give yourself some time to mull them over.If you've played Grim before, then you already know, and now's your chance to experience a remastered version with increased graphical fidelity, developer's commentary, concept art and a few other tweaks."
,Recommended,316790,17688444,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ohnefuenfter,"Гра пройшла повз мене коли вона була класикою - тому я мене зацикавила ремастеред версія. І я кажу вам - гра дійсно чудова, кожен персонаж живий (хоча технічно вони всі мертві), кожна сцена цікава, кожна деталь - значуща. Особливо сподобались голосові артисти та музика. Давно не грав в такий чудовий квест.Щодо графіки - я волів би ремейк замість ремастеред....I've missed the opportunity to play the game when it was a 'classic' - that is why i was pretty interested in remastered version. I should tell the game is marvellous: each NPC is alive (though technically they are all dead), each screen is eye-catching, each detail is important. The game has a perfect voice cast and music. It was so long i've played such a good quest.Concerning the graphics - i would prefer remake instead of remastered..."
,Recommended,316790,23265516,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,sadm0s,"It's not for everyone, but if you take the time to finish it, it will change your life. +1 for godly soundtrack."
76561198053286557,Recommended,316790,22494680,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Axxxel,"Adventure games are all about story and narration. This one has a great plot including corruption, romance, friendship and more. Many puzzles, others easy, some challenging and a couple that will drive you up the wall! BUT in my opinion the strongest part of the game is the voice acting...Impeccable. One of the best ever. Manny, Glottis, Salvador even Lupe are unforgettable.10/10"
,Recommended,316790,21551984,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Final Score: 9 out of 10.Immersed in the after-life world of Mexican culture, there is plenty to be enjoyed in this remake of an old favorite. As every point-and-click game it lacks any kind of sophisticated mechanics, but there is plenty of challenge in the puzzles."
,Recommended,316790,21828135,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Chaspen,"Even though it's hardly a remaster, it's still REALLY enjoyable for fans of the Point and Click genre like me.Even if you were not around to experience this 18 years ago it still gives you a nostaligic feel, probably from the 90's point and click vibe it has.Grim has it's own witty humor, although it certainly isn't the funniest., it's still enjoyable to listen to. It makes the game even more enjoyable.Difficulty changes troughout the game. This can be annoying at times, where one chapter is a piece of cake, an another one takes about 2 hours of in-game time, getting confused. Although I ignore this.This game's soundtrack is absolutley great to listen to. Hearing an actual orchestra do the soundtrack for games is so satisfying. It's interesting.8/10"
76561198011165139,Recommended,316790,15817538,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mantastic,"Played it for the first time in 1998 when I got it for my 9th birthday. I was amazed at how beautiful it was. Some decors stood the test of time, other aspects (such as character models) did not. However, this remastered edition fixed a lot of that. The sound is amazing. Once again I'm baffled how good this game is/was and I genuinely ask myself if I will ever enjoy a game as much ever again as I enjoyed this gem. 10/10"
76561198030009940,Recommended,316790,32522877,Posted: 17 June,all,Kabankuru,"Just finish year 2! It's a good game with great comedy, a great old adventure game. Some puzzles are not easy to solve (not as complex as some other old adventure games), but still you will have a great time!"
,Recommended,316790,20153621,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,codexus,"Considered the last true Lucasarts classic, it's a great adventure game with a very original style and great humor.However despite being an excellent game, I think it's not without a few flaws. The switch from 2D SCUMM based games to this 2.5D system was a bit awkward. While this remastered version aims to alleviate that by restoring classic ""point and click"" controls, that's not always a perfect match and the inventory interface is still awkward. I also regret the lack of inventory item combine mechanic.It's a highly recommended classic for all fans of the genre whether you played the original back in the days or not."
,Recommended,316790,18430090,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Snazzles,"If your computer has an ""Open GL of 3.4 or above"" I would recommend picking up this game if it on sale. It is a pretty solid movie-like game with hard as puzzles. Except some puzzles are too hard, and walkthrough's defeat the purpose of games like this."
,Recommended,316790,19543476,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Die Roboter,"Manny Calavara, a poor soul in a seemingly dead altered-reality where he must work his way in a empty corporate business to the seventh heaven or be stuck in limbo forever, like many already lost souls.  For a game that goes off this presence, it sure is Lucas Arts' grand lasting click and point adventure game to rival all the new ones!  The story is golden as a train ticket, and although the puzzles sometimes dont make any damn sense, it is surely a game that you can't leave not to finish as it is gripping in humour, mystery, wit, and suspense at times!Recommended without a doubt!"
,Recommended,316790,20046587,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PutridMeat,"""Death makes sad stories of us all.""Grim Fandango Remastered = Day of the Dead + 90s Lucasarts + A new coat of paintGrim Fandango was an instant classic back when it originally released in 1998.  It's unique setting, quality voicework, writing, and highly stylized presentation charmed the bones off everyone and those aspects hold up extremely well today.  What does not hold up as well is the somewhat clunky gameplay and nonsensical puzzles.  This does not mean it isn't fun, but the great puzzlers and adventure games of today clearly leave the ""combine everything/try to use everything on everything"" style of puzzle-solving in the grave.In this game, you are Manuel Calavera.  A guy that died and went toheaventhe Land of the Dead, which is more or less a type of Purgatory.  You are a Grim Reaper, which in this world, means you are a travel advisor for the newly dead.  Your goal, and just about everyone's, is to find your final rest.  Your predictable unlife quickly comes loose, however, after meeting a gorgeous dead dame and a world of corruption is opened up to you like the yawning grave.  It is very much a twist on the classic noir mystery, full of murder, demons, odd jobs, hollow bones, and hot rods.The ""Remastered"" in the title is very apt, as you should think of this as a ""remastered edition"" of an old movie.  Very little about the gameplay has changed other than the addition of point-and-click movement.  The art is not dramatically changed but simply given a crisp make-over.  Even then, it still looks its age.  Since the game is so stylized, however, it is by no means ugly.Fandango into El Marrow if...You pine for the days of LucasArts.You have an interest in Día de Muertos themes.Love noir style mysteries.Enjoy a good story-based adventure game.Keep your skin suit on if...You strongly prefer logic-oriented puzzles.Are averse to late 90s visuals.Dislike point-and-click style adventure games.The Bottom LineThis is a great game to pick up both if you've never played it before or if you're wanting to relive the memories.  It has a beautiful story that you'll fondly remember for years afterward.  That said, a lot of the puzzles are fairly obtuse and there haven't been many extras tossed in other than the improved visuals and commentary.  Unfortunately, there were even several bugs that presented themselves - including one that was a game breaker - at multiple times during my playthrough.  Because of this, I do not find Grim Fandango Remastered particularly remarkable in the ""remaster/remake/reboot"" category of gaming.  Fortunately for Grim Fandango's sake, the story, art, and humor made it completely easy for me to overlook these annoying quibbles.A must play in my opinion, no bones about it."
76561198127419785,Recommended,316790,26327621,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,wyvern_lord3,"awesome. not for everyone, some truly infuriating puzzles and never recaptures the amazing high from its second chapter, but overall quite the experience"
76561198110852150,Recommended,316790,34489343,Posted: 25 August,all,Putzy,"Probably the best advernture game ever. Sound, dialogues, animations, full-motions, MUSIC. Amazin 10/10"
,Recommended,316790,34538918,Posted: 27 August,all,Ultroman the Tacoman,"TL;DR: What a treat! Buy it!I never got to play the original, but as I can see from other reviewers, Youtube videos, and using the ""original/remastered"" switch in the menu, not much has changed gameplay-wise, and that's good, because it didn't have to. I'm playing with a PS3 controller (and non-""tank"" mode, if that means something to someone), and it just works like a peach. It seamlessly shows the mouse/keyboard indicators etc. if I start using them, and they go away immediately when I go back to the controller. It's all so neat!The story is very compelling. Given the fact that we don't know anything about what happens after we're dead, this game can be considered believable, and so that is the way I have chosen to see the story: a comedic take, on what might actually be on the other side of death.And it is tragic hilarity, difficulty and absurdity, wrapped in an (almost) flawless gameplay-taco. There are a few quirks here and there. It takes a little while to get used to controlling the *AHEM* ""vehicle"", and two times I have witnessed items appearing in places they clearly shouldn't be (after retrieving a certain dental protector, and returning to its original place, there it suddenly was, back in its place; and a cigarette kept hovering 3 feet off the ground, as I climbed to the roof). But seriously...that's it.The puzzles felt appropriately difficult. I never felt stumped for more than 2 minutes, before I ""saw the light"", unlike e.g. Monkey Island 2 (which I love, but IT IS needlessly intricate at times). The game conveniently shuts ""doors"" and opens new ones, to keep you from wasting time in places that do not matter to your current mission. If you get stuck, just try looking for something that stands out a tiny bit (graphically or otherwise), and try to think of something that would be funny to do. Try the 4-5 applicable items you have, on anything you can otherwise interact with (it mostly somewhat makes sense). You never have more than 10-12 objects, and of those some will be duplicates, and most will have a very specific use. The pacing, puzzle-solving and humor are all balanced very well, in a way that keeps the story rolling and believable (as much as it can with its setting).The music and sound effects are more than fantastic! The graphics are quaint, and extremely true to the original. The ""lip""-syncing is flawless! Only Glottis freaks out sometimes, but he also did that in the original. The actors are great, and REALLY help sell the whole setting.Aside from the teeeeny tiiiiny non-game-breaking glitches once in a while, I have nothing to complain about."
,Recommended,316790,19151255,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,GyppiFX,"If you like adventure, point and click games with a little of humor, you have to play this remastered version of a classic of its genre. Grim Fandango has good story, environments, puzzles (even if sometime they may seems a bit too complex compared to the rest) and characters, it's funny but not as ridiculous as Sam & Max. Graphically and gameplay wise, it's like Siberya or the first few Resident Evils: fixed camera with fake 3d environments and fully 3d characters, it does support 16:9 screens but it's still a 4:3 game so if you don't like a stretched image you can have a couple of black bars or stylized backgrounds on either side of the screen."
76561198089052394,Recommended,316790,20181818,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Grim Fandango Remastered			* 9/10After almost 20 years I've been able to complete this game!!!!!+++Pros+++- Before the Story there's the setting: a Mexican Style land of the dead. I've never been so amazed before, such incredible, beautiful and peculiar places to see.- The Story. This is a story of corruption, Life, Death, Karma, Love, Hope, Friendship, Beliefs, Revolution and Rebellion, Cats. DAMN, There's everything!!!- The Characters. This is a game that shows how you create a credible world, full of so many different characters, everyone with their own peculiar personality.- Dialogues. Damn I love to talk to everyone about everything.- Soundtrack. One Of The Most Beautiful and unique original Soundtrack ever. Unfortunately Rusty Anchor isn't featured in the OST DLC... XD- Rusty Anchor itself can be part of the pros list... XD- A game that can be fully 100% achieved by playing and enjoying the game without useless races or cutscene skippings. Way To go, guys!---Cons---- Bugs. I haven't been able to end this game when I bought it in 1998 because it crashed always near the end. Now few crash may happen, at least it happened to me in random situations, so all I had to do was load my game back and go ahead.- Achievements bugs. I had to talk with Chepito something like 10 times before i got that damn Drill Achievement... And I heard from the community this isn't the only bug.- Requirements. Somehow my i3 with Geforce 310M couldn't handle smoothly the game. I wasn't expecting such a demanding remake... O.o"
,Recommended,316790,18485792,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,LambdaCalculus379,"Meet Manuel ""Manny"" Calavera. He's your everyday joe who also happens to be a Reaper. His job: travel to the Land of the Living, and collect the souls of the recently departed, and then sell them a travel package to cross the Land of the Dead to reach the Ninth Underworld, the Land of Eternal Rest. However, he uncovers a web of corruption in the Department of Death, and must now embark on a journey through the Underworld to find a lost soul, Mercedes ""Meche"" Colimar, and fight against crime boss Hector LeMans, who is stealing the rewards of virtuous souls for himself.Brilliant graphics rife with art deco and Aztec designs, a heavy noir style story, great performances by the voice actors (especially to Tony Plana for his performance as Manny!), and an amazing jazz and bebop soundtrack are just part of the package; the dialogue, interaction, and puzzles wrap it all up nicely. Plus, the cleaned up assets and new mouse controls make Grim Fandango even more enjoyable nowadays. Is it worth owning? Yes. A thousand times yes."
,Recommended,316790,27921210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,roscoe,I nominated Grim Fandango for The “Test of Time” Award. I know I'm not the only one who would.
,Recommended,316790,15762051,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,vai90,"Grim Fandango is a story-rich adventure classic by LucasArts with incredible wit and charm, challenging puzzles, impeccable level design and a fantastic jazz soundtrack, remastered beautifully by Double Fine Productions.YES, you SHOULD buy this game!"
,Recommended,316790,19370017,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,RagingR2,"Short version:This game is a classic, but I feel like I have to warn others about the puzzles here. Because it's such a classic and I'm glad I finally crossed it off my list, I pressed the ""thumbs up"" for this review, but I gotta say I did this with more than a little ambivalence.Even if you like point-and-click adventures... if you are annoyed by convoluted puzzles that seemingly can't be solved without using a walkthrough, then, well, I'm not saying stay away from this game, but at least be warned; know what you're getting into. That being said I know people still might want to play the game, like me, because it's such a classic.Long version:I was super excited to play this game, since it's such a classic and I somehow kinda missed it back in the day. I played a lot of Monkey Island and even the classic Indiana Jones adventures. But somehow, I never got around to playing Grim Fandango. So I was kinda curious to finally see what all the fuss is about.I certainly liked some aspects a lot, like the setting and the story (albeit a little far fetched at times), the voice acting and the soundtrack.The gameplay however, and especially some of the puzzles, really don't hold up if you ask me. Like I said, I played my fair share of point and click adventures, and especially if you compare GF to the Monkey Island franchise, the brand of humor and the basic logic behind discovering solutions is pretty much the same. But I found myself often uttering a loud ""REALLY....?""when I finally found some of the solutions in Grim Fandango. Some of them were so obscure or convoluted that it spoiled my enjoyment of the game.Maybe it's me who has become lazy in the Google era, but I wonder how anyone ever finished this game back in the day without a walkthrough. That is, unless you are trying to brute-force your way through by combining every item in your inventory with every element of the world. Maybe it's the curse of knowing that you have Google at your disposal that makes you give up sooner. But it being the year 2015 as I write this, and it being a given that Google is in fact, at my constant disposal, I found myself using it on several occasions. The logic of several puzzles only worked for me AFTER I knew the solutions, and even then only slightly. Never did I feel stupid for having to Google the answer; never did I feel like in hindsight I should have had a little more persistence and then I would have found the answer. No, after I found the solutions, I often felt only angrier that the game expected me to work out this often far fetched logic on my own.Then, on a sidenote, there were also some minor issues with the mechanics of some of the puzzles. In those cases, even if you understood (or suspected) the logic that was needed, it was incredibly tedious to the point of clumsiness to execute the solution.In the end, I was about 33% happy that I finally got around to playing (and finishing) this classic game, about 33% relieved that I finally fought my way through it to move on to another game to play, and 33% disappointed that I damaged my image of the game this way by playing it. Like I said, it may be me, or it may be the game, but either way I think it might have worked a lot better if I played it 15 years ago."
,Recommended,316790,19555516,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,igyman,"One of the greats, no doubt about it. There aren't enough praises I could sing for this game.A noir atmosphere combined with a unique art style inspired by the Mexican Day of the Dead, followed by a superb soundtrack, good story full of hilarious dialogues, which are in turn performed by excellent actors - that's what you get when you decide to play this gem of adventure gaming.If you haven't heard of Grim Fandango before, don't be deterred by the fact that this is a remastered game from the nineties, or that it might not have proper widescreen support. If those are huge flaws for you, just wait for a sale, but do not miss an experience that an adventure full of crime, corruption and comedy in the Land of the Dead has to offer."
76561198178876493,Recommended,316790,20099693,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,alenjenny,"QUICK REVIEW:PROS:Amazing plot/adventure, excellent music, clever puzzles & dialogue lines, humorous, incredible production value (original release 1998's standard)If you are a hardcore adventure gamer, this is a must-play gameIf you are a casual gamer looking for a really good adventure game, you'll want to pick it upThe game's achievements are easy to obtain, for achievement huntersCONS:Graphics are mediocre by today's standard. They redid all the character models in the game & made it high resolution. Unfortunately, the 3D background was not remade (not surprising as it would consume a hefty amount of money/time/effort) & can be slightly blurry & a mismatch when compared to the high-resolution character models. In the original game played on an old system, both of these blend extremely well & could hardly be told apartlack of ""REAL"" wide screen 16:9 support. The game offers wide screen, but it either stretch the image to fit the screen, or have two black/gold bars on the left/right while retaining original image size. I used the two black bars & after playing 5 minutes with it, I dont even realize it's there. It's not a big dealsome of the game elements can feel datedWHINNY REVIEW:What can I say, this game broke my heart a few times. Let me put it straight: this game is one of the best adventure games I have ever played in my life. period. I first played the game when I was a kid back in 1998 & immediately fell in love with it. It is ingeniously brilliant, excellent story line, amazing graphics, music, sounds & production value. To justify my claims, it won several Game of the Year awards / Best Adventure GOTY, against other great games like HalfLife, Starcraft, Baldur's Gate, Tomb Raider 3, etc. I immediately set my life goal to find a new original boxed GF which I can keep as a collection/legacy. That was when my heart was 1st broken. There is no where to be found in M'sia. I continued this mission for a couple of years in several different continents, but to no avail. The 2nd time my heart was broken is the fact that, despite the game's universally acclaimed reviews, the sales of this game was considered poor. Shortly after, the creator of GF (Tim Schafer) & several others left Lucasarts (which at that time was producing most of the major adventure game titles). That's the 3rd stab in the heart. 4th came not long after GF's ""failure"", production of adventure games started to decline drastically & many considered this to be the death of adventure games. Lucasarts canceled several adventure game titles in development. 17 years later, GF caught everyone by surprise when the remastered version was announced! I was very thrilled by the announcement but with my heart broken yet again when it was said to be a PS exclusive. It wasn't long before the PC platform was quietly announced, much to my relief!The game itself is stunning back in 1998 & even now remastered, it still managed to deliver & preserve most of the qualities that made this game so amazing in the 1st place. As a comparison, if anyone is to replay a classic 1998 game now (2015), most of the games will not offer the same gratification / remarkable experience that you had back then. You'll most probably end up disappointed & in utter disbelief that that was the game you played in the past (you'll probably swear that the game looked & felt much better when you played it more than 15 years ago). This is not the case for GF, although certain sections of the games do begin to show its ageIn summary, YES, I'd highly recommend you to buy this game. It is a very well worth adventure, the puzzles are ingenious & sensible (walkthrough is recommended for casual gamers), excellent music, plot top notch, dialogues/voice acting humorous & very well scripted. Graphics are nothing to shout about, but tolerable. To be honest, there are still not many quality adventure games out there & if you are looking for a good, high quality adventure game, this one is not to be missed. If you missed the boat in 1998, be sure not to miss again now"
76561198099044648,Recommended,316790,16367254,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,J. Thaddeus Toad Esquire.,"""That's not on fire"" ""I don't really wanna do that"" These are among the many lines spoken by Mr. Manuel Calavera. On a serious note, this game is fantastic; it's a fun point and click whilst being a tough and challenging puzzle game. The story is very well written, and you feel as if you become Manny as the game progresses. Took me a good while to complete, and a blast from the past from a childhood memory."
,Recommended,316790,30091450,Posted: 21 February,all,Demon Cleaner,"The debate of whether video games are a high art or not, I feel, is a bit futile. Especially considering the fact that Grim Fandango is nearly a 20 year old game and we're still having this debate. Yes, I'll say it now, Grim Fandango is art. It's beautiful. If you go into a game looking for enjoyable characters, an interesting premise, witty and well thought-out dialogue, gorgeous art design, and one of the video game best soundtracks of all time, then Grim Fandango's world will certainly satistfy you. The imagery from day of the dead juxtaposed with plot and characters film-noir (patricularly the likes of Double Indemnity, Casablanca, Chinatown) is an intruiging combo, but none of that would work if the characters were flat and dull. Fortunately, not only are our leads (Manny and Glottis) interesting, likable, and funny, but the supporting cast (especially in the seedy Casablanca-esque Year 2) provides enough depth and charm to carry the experience even further. However, despite my numerous praises, there are some faults with this game. The inventory system is a little finnicky, quite a few of the puzzles (I'm looking at you, year 3 door puzzle!) can hold a strange level of logic at times (as most 90s adventure games do), and the remaster in of itself isn't the best (glitches galore, forced reboots, no autosave, and the pre-rendered backgrounds remain the same as the original). But most of those faults are relatively minor in comparison to the rest of the experience at hand. Even with little to no experience with older adventure games, I would highly reccomend giving this game a shot (just remember to save often and pull up a walkthrough)."
76561198262132928,Recommended,316790,22903372,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Timioo,"Was so happy to see this as remastered version, brings back some good memories from childhood.Just finished the game few days ago with all achievements, all the jokes, the story and the puzzles are just awesome.Could be considered as not so easy adventure/puzzle game, some of the stuff really requires some thinking and getting all required items/things done to make progress.Voice acting is something I like in this game, and the overall setting of the game, I mean, you're a travelling agent in the land of the dead, and also a grim reaper. After a certain mishap things get sideways in your current job and you must begin your journey to make things straight.Enjoyed the game from start to finish, never got me bored, even when I had to struggle with some puzzles, feels great when you finally overcome the problem"
,Recommended,316790,14464335,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pentotark,"I honestly expected much more work on the game graphics than just a simple update in model textures (animations, polycount and backgrounds are practically unmuted), non to mention that the game is still buggy and frequently I found myself stuck with controls and on-screen buttons frequently.The real deal of the game are the commentaries, really fun and interesting, especially for the people who loved the original game. Oh and there is also a beautiful unlockable concept art gallery! ^^"
,Recommended,316790,18034157,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"This was the first time I had ever played this game, so I think I am free of any biases when I say this is one of my favorite games of all time. If not the top one, then within the top five.My previous experience with point-and-click games have been mixed. Early TellTale games were hit-and-miss with me; I loved Back to the Future but I couldn't finish a Sam & Max game, and yet both games suffered from a problem inherent with the genre: Absurd puzzle logic. Another major gripe is when you had to click all over the screen for any pixels of an essential item.There are one or two moments like the latter where I couldn't see the object I needed (the can-opener being one). But, to my surprise, Grim Fandago handles the puzzles in a very logical, challenging manner.No item is used too unconventionally. You would think that would make the game too easy or boring, but the game strikes a right balance for logic and challenge.(The only exception is the scythe, which is fine  because it's sometimes the only item you have and you use it is still logically.)The story and characters are also memorable, especially Manny Callivero. I don't feel like spoiling the story because it's best to not have expectations.If you want my thoughts on the story itself, read below.An InterpretationAs this section is a comprehensive overview, spoilers will be mentioned to piece together my thoughts on the game. I don't expect this interpretation to be a selling point as to why the game is superb. I am sharing these thoughts because I think this is one of the best forms of art I've seen in a videogame. The game will make you think.When I say this game is more for adults than kids, I don't mean the game is chalk full of swear words, sexual vibes and other petty things (which there is a lot of, and I like it). I think this game is tailored to adults because the themes of the game are depressing, especially if you're an adult who is weary of the postmodern world. And that word, postmodern, is important.The game is when the postmodern meets the postmortem. The game plays with that idea in its story and its humor.The postmodern is, basically, the realization that a lot of modern ideas (culture, architecture and, sometimes, even religion) are full of absurdities. And the purpose of postmodernism is to rethink why we accept the things as they are.Sometimes that means critizing common ideas held as obvious truths; sometimes it means realizing the futility of your choices in life, of the prepackaged ""choices"" you have (ex, Coke or Pepsi?); and sometimes it's as simple as poking fun at the genre or the tropes themselves.This game handles a lot of these ideas in a very subtle way that I think only older folks would appreciate, or a curious teenager wondering why a lot of things in life seem stupid or rigged.For starters, Manny Callivera is an ""honest"" (if the term can be used) salesman trying to get his clients to the end of the Land of the Dead in order to repay his debts. For years Manny has been on the high of his job, only for his skills to be suddenly lost with bad clients, which has let Domino gain his new fame.It is only after Manny cheats the system to get a new high-stakes client that Manny realizes the system itself is rigged. This realization leads to the beginnings of a revolution to build-up throughout the game, although Manny only cares about righting what he did wrong to someone else.Throughout Manny's journey for Meche, he goes from one-career to another through his sheer determination, but he always starts out as a floor-mopper or out with nothing walking the land.In a year's time, he becomes the head of his own little casino and in another he becomes a ship-captain, and in another year he defeats the crime-boss orchestrating the Land of the Dead.There's always something that ruins whatever progress he makes--after all, a game with no obstacles would be boring--yet it never keeps Manny from trying. His humor as well as his determination are what keep him going.But this idea not just limited to Manny. When you consider the side-characters and the villians there's a lot of postmodern subtext to be found too.The Number 9 Tickets are stolen from the ""good"" people and sold to people who have the cash. The good people who were supposed to get their tickets are put to slave-labor. There are also other good people who try to resist the rigged system who get sprouted (Lola) or conned (anything gambling related).But, as we know, the people with the cash don't get into the heaven/next world because the gatekeeper sends the train to Hell. You can't fool the higher system.However, what this plot-point also establishes, the system can be misused and it seems like whoever is in charge is fine so long as the bad get punished when trying to break the system. As the gatekeeper states, ""Your destiny cannot be purchased... The gate opens... The gate closes... It does not help.""This line says a lot, ""Your destiny cannot be purchased."" The obvious question that comes to mind for the Land of the Dead--not only to Manny--is what is the value of money?Contrary to the Gatekeeper, the Land of the Dead is orchestrated by money. This was not its intended purpose. The Land of the Dead is a purgatory place where the dead go to their ultimate fate; some reach the end sooner than others and others never go there because they've given up. And when there's nowhere to go, living a life similar to the one in the living world is the only alternative the people have left to live for.This, I think, is why I think Hector is a greater villian than he's given credit for. The game seems to leave a plot-hole for his motives but his motives are quite clear: He isn't interested in cheating the system to get to the end--he knows he cannot change his ultimate fate. Where as most would just give up he intends to make some purpose for himself; he manipulates the system that he can control and profit from his schemes. A profit with no inherent value other than itself.It doesn't matter that Hector isn't better than the ""Creator."" Hector knows his place and his limitations, and he plays El Marrow like a fiddle. It is this arrogance that ultimately gets the better of him when he tries to make Manny suffer, giving him time to turn the tables on Hector.Now some may argue that the ""Creator"" is intervening through Manny Calivero. After all, Manny IS the Angel of Death and you can think of the line, ""The reason for the revolution is because of her [Meche]"", to be the creator setting their fates together so they can overthrown the system.I can't deny that this interpretation isn't valid because the game doesn't outright deal with the Creator. Probably for the best.I choose to think that Manny decides his fate himself. Maybe on an act of love, maybe on an act of redemption, but ultimately its his own choices that matter. In a postmortem world, that is all that really matters.But the main reason why I choose this second interpretation is because of the gameplay: Puzzles.You solve absurd dilemmas with (mostly) logical means. Now, of course, a point-and-click has only puzzles to work with--that's the game, duh! But I think this is one case where the puzzles themselves shape the story.You never solve a problem directly; you are always finding some dirt (the photo), some help (Glottis) or some alternative way to solve a problem (Hector). Even though the game has a lot of absurd outcomes, the puzzles themselves are always logical.So not only is Manny's determination (whatever it may be) the key to saving the day but also his critical thinking skills the means to restoring order in a corrupt land. It is his choices, it is his actions, it is his reasons that bring happiness across a land once simply tired, illogical and dead."
,Recommended,316790,14598051,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Karki,"The game has wonderfull overall atmosphere, interesting story and great dialogue - what else do you need? I remember wanting to play this as a kid when it was first released but never got around to it. Needless to say, it was worth waiting for to finally play this remastered version."
76561197997141642,Not Recommended,316790,19087372,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,./sh<oe|less,Very buggy and broken.
76561198248636080,Recommended,316790,32644700,Posted: 22 June,all,murilove,Great game
76561198082252351,Recommended,316790,14821449,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Meatiecheeksboy,"Amazing, genius, funny and incredibly timeless for a game almost 20 years old. Humor and unexpected twists around every corner."
76561197983112150,Not Recommended,316790,17276268,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mistan,Funny and interseting but as a game terribly flawed experience. the reeboot also has bugs that crash the game.Old puzzle games or dishonest puzzle games are truly a thing of the past and we know now why they are not doing so good anymore with little analysis.a puzzle where you have all the pieces is a pleasure to solve..But not knowing if you have the pieces or where the pieces should go is NOT FUN! and it only Craps on the players TIME.
76561197995230660,Not Recommended,316790,14535869,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Fetchbeer™,"Feels like a lazy remaster...I played the original back in the day, and have fond memories of waggling balloons at things in total frustration about what I was doing.  But coming back I now I find I had forgotten the terrible controls (and even their implementation of the mouse interface feels pretty awful...Be prepared for terribly important things to be hidden around corners of architecture that you didn't realize weren't walls... high rez skins that still seem to be awfully pixelated (though that may be because I expect any computer to be able to run what is at its core still an ancient game)... and to try to use every object in your inventory with everything you can click on."
76561198082645245,Recommended,316790,14195228,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,twisteH,"11/10 i see ded ppl lulzRight, now we've got the terrible mandatory joke out of the way, shall we get on with the review?Quite simply, Grim Fandango is one of the best games of all time. This is not an exaggeration, it won several Game of the Year awards which wasn't easy in 1998 with such tough competition as Half-Life.Unfortunately, despite praise from the critics and scoring extremely well, it sold poorly and was a commerical failure. Many people think this was the nail in the coffin of the adventure game genre as it soon died out as publishers thought to themselves if a game as brilliant as Grim Fandango can't sell, what's the point?Today, ladies and gentlemen, seventeen years on, this wrong can finally be righted. And who knows, if it sells well, Grim Fandango 2 might just happen!Anyway, that was just a bit of background information about the game in case you missed it or were too young the first time. It's an adventure game in the classic LucasArts style and the usual chatting and solving puzzles etc.You are dead, but who knew the land of the dead looked this good? I don't want to give away too much information about the game as it's much better discovering it yourself, but it is fairly lengthy and you go through a whole load of good looking and varied locations. It has a wonderful art style, and the soundtrack is regarded as one of gaming's greatest.If you're wondering what the remastered offers over the original:Hi-res character texturesNew lighting systemNew controlsWorks on modern computers (the old Grim was a pain to set up on modern hardware)If you like adventure games but haven't tried this game yet for whatever reason, buying this is a no brainer. If you haven't tried an adventure game before, watch the launch trailer, see what you think and give it a whirl if it looks interesting - it's only £10.Anyway, enough rambling.Manny is waiting for you."
76561197970546644,Not Recommended,316790,18939286,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,erix,"I played the original many years ago, so many that I can't actually remember what to do. This is however a good thing, the bad thing is that it is buggy. After playing for about two hours I get stuck in a puzzle with an object that vanishes and cannot be interacted with.Having read up on the issue, it seems to have existed since the launch of the game, yet has not been fixed."
,Not Recommended,316790,14242541,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Icie Flake,"Was hoping for a widescreen version, upped grapich quality too HD and maybe some stuff getting minor changes.. but nope this is a totaly how the game was and IS if you download the old version and add the missing system files that this game requiers from windows and you are even better off becouse that way you get the widescreen.You are better off borrowing the disc's from a friend that still has them or being naughty and brake the law with downloading. neighter way you are better off then buying it =/Sad how it ended up for a game with one of the best ingame story in history."
,Recommended,316790,14248059,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"It was an Epic tale of crime and corruption in the land of the dead in 1998 and it still is. The dialogue and content is still awesome, but the graphics shows a bit of age.This is an old Lucasarts Adventure from 1998, that has been upgraded with a sorely missed point and click interface and a few visual improvements of the original graphics as well as compatibility with systems of this day and age, that has also increased the system requirements, but It still looks, sounds and plays the same way as the original game, but.. actually even better than that.To me it really looks the same as it once did, because when I first played this game in 1998 it was on a 15"" monitor, where the game was looking really great and I also had a 3Dfx Addon at the time. It doesn't look quite as great on a screen twice the size, but it's still a hell of a lot better than it would be to play the original in DOSBOX not to mention that a few bugs has been fixed as well. It has really become much easier to play than the original game.Additions:+ New point and click interface (with a Skull Panel for Look, Use & Pickup).+ Visual enhancements of the Original graphics.+ Developer commentary.+ Concept art gallery.+ Steam achievements.+ A few bug fixes.There is also an option to change the display ratio from 4:3 to 16:9, but since that is simply a horizontal stretch I don't count that as an improvement, but it actually makes the game nicer, even though there is a bit of distortion in dark areas. It's a better game than the original thanks to the point and click interface, but there are a few disadvantages, because they have..Removed:- Unlimited save slots - there is a max of eight now, which means, that you can't make saves at every ""turn"" and that's actually pretty annoying, especially if you want to get the achievements.- Grimlogs are gone and the ingame equivalent of a dialogue transcripts is really too slow to scroll through. The Escape key will skip all dialogue and there were a few times I skipped something I shouldn't have and got a bit lost about the goals and it was a hell to backtrack the log.Fixes:A few bug fixes and restoration of dialogue. I've noticed a few puzzles that have become easier to click in place also because there are no CPU speed coupling issues anymore.The puzzles are generally pretty straight forward and a bit funny and crazy at times, but there is no narrative or hint system and absolutely no hand-holding of any kind other than Manny's head turning towards points of interest, which also means that have to move around a lot to spot those items and use the Examine key unless you want to go pixel-hunting, because not every point has a cursor. There are often additional dialogue and events happening from simply examing someone or something.Unlike other Adventure games there is no glow effect to highlight points of interest and sometimes those points blend in a bit too well with the environment. Once you've gotten used to using the mouse for a point-and-click-adventure it's much easier to miss all those points of interest, because it can be a little hard to tell what Manny is looking at. I had to google for hints a few times, because I simply failed to notice a few items.Not every puzzle in the game is about advancing the plot. There are a few funny things that are just a bonus and add extra achievements. Unfortunately there are only eight save-game slots and thus it's a bit hard to manage saves in a way to go back and check later.There are only three things that really bother me about this game. 1. It's such a wonderful game and it's too short. It takes about ten hours to complete this game, perhaps a bit more if you are completely new to the game. 2. No keys can be assigned to mouse buttons. I would have really liked to be able to assign a few actions to different buttons. 3. There are too many steps in moving from place to place. There is really a lot of moving around in the game, especially in Year 2 and the design can be a bit clunky at times in this regard. The only thing that is really missing from this great game is a map combined with fast-travel points. Bubbler: There is still a bit of aliasing left in the game, which unfortunately cannot be removed, not even by overriding settings or adding Morphological AA in the Catalyst Control Center. Maybe I should also mention that the game can't be minimized..I've played this game for a total of 30 hours, 2 ½ replays, tying up loose ends and the only time I ever had a problem was during an area transistion where I was running and zapping my way through the game in the end. Other than that single incident, which was a result of my own frantic clicking, I haven't had any issues, freezes, stutters, roadblocks or reasons to save the game at any time. I guess I am lucky or maybe I just have nice build of a system.I have been running this game in 16:9 on a system with Windows 8.1 x64, 12 GB RAM, Core i7-960, AMD 6930 1GB (14.12), ASUS Sabertooth X58 with Onboard Realtek ALC892 HD Audio, on a 256 GB Plextor M5S SSD. It's still a high-end system, even though it's somewhere in the middle of the bottom-half of that scale.The game isn't demanding, but there is a limit. If you are on a shoddy system that just barely meet the extremely low minimum system requirements it's quite possible that you will have some issues, especially on a Mac or a system with Intel HD 4000."
,Recommended,316790,14487825,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Krisu,A game that everybody should know!This game is only 15€ its really cheap for the quality of the game.Great story line and music. I still enjoy this game even if i've played this game throught many many times.
76561198055269636,Recommended,316790,20852951,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ron,"One Masterpiece from the past returns with better, improved graphics, any comments or words are not enough to describe this jewel, i think even after over 15 years is still competitive and can beat up most of actual adventures around, so, thank you Lucasarts and thank you Double Fine, i love you both.My Final Score is98/100"
,Recommended,316790,19745659,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,daydreamersuuz,This game was incredible on so many levels. I loved the story and how it draws you into the world of the characters. Also the voice acting was amazing and I found myself letting all the characters finish saying their lines. Brilliant game. Play it.
,Recommended,316790,27208717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mR. PimpsteR,A masterpiece with tasty musics.
,Recommended,316790,24042498,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mau,10/10 glotis best waifu
,Recommended,316790,21621835,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lucky,"Muy bien, amigos. Viva la revolución!"
76561198306196725,Recommended,316790,31143585,Posted: 14 April,all,Cauroxx,"Great game overall. It has entertaining story, lovable characters, comedy all over the place, a beautiful artwork and the OST is really great to acompany the atmosphere of the game. The only problem I found is that, since it's a point-n-click from the 90's, I was stuck in various parts of the game pressing everything and everywhere trying to find something to do in order to advance, but that aside, this is a pretty good game. It's not a game of the year for nothing, I wanted to play the game for a long time, and now that I'm done with it, I can say that it was worth it."
,Recommended,316790,19540181,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nico,"Grim Fandango is a classic. I played the original and to my horror at the very end of the game my game glitched and I never completed it. I couldn't wait to play the remastered!Story is great, first two years are brilliant, the last two are not as good but still decent to play, The characters are great and Manny is a great lead. Some of the puzzles are out there, but as with most point & Click games you do a lot of random clicking. I didn't notice to many changes between the original and the remastered. Infact, nothing at all stood out, maybe they smoothed the edges or added shades but it is far from a remaster graphics wise. I ran into two bugs, not game breaking just damn annoying. The first Manny floated threw steps and walls instead of taking steps. I had to play like this until I got to a cutscene that fixed it. The second my head dissapeared (I had a mask on at the time so the glitch was no doubt the mask) not that bad but they seem like simple bugs.Was worth the hours I put in. I played this game so long ago (I was 12 or 13) I didn't even remember anything that happened except for the point that my game got stuck!"
,Recommended,316790,19466603,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,fiendo,"Don't worry, it's not overrated; it really is one of the best games ever made."
76561198150429245,Recommended,316790,19521003,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,j.s.sebastian,"Back in the day, I didn't get why people did not like the tank controls of Grim Fandango, and thought the idea of Manny turning his head to look at things you could interact with was a brilliant idea, compared to the mouse-based pixel hunting that was typical of the genre. 20 years later, I'm playing this with the mouse in point and click mode, because it's so much quicker and less tedious.Playing this again, I realized that I still remembered some of the tunes, and a few of the puzzles The more expansive locations (especially rubacava) are just amazingly fun, while the smaller glue sections like the petrified forest seem like a chore these days. The graphics look the same as I remember them, which is a great result on a remaster of such an old game, because in reality when I switch to the original texturs I see just how pixely they really were."
,Recommended,316790,19994551,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Unlucky Chloe,"This little light of mine,I'm gonna let it shine.This little light of mine,I'm gonna let it shine.This little light of mine,I'm gonna let it shine, let it shine, let it shine, let it shine..."
76561197969875942,Recommended,316790,29944494,Posted: 15 February,all,Dvine,"It's an old classic point and click adventure game, which means lots of nonsensical puzzles and 'moon logic', although for its time it actually had more logical puzzles in an effort to try and save a dying genre.Today however, after the genre's renewal through the indie game scene, it is still terribly illogical and has lots of annoying backtracking compared to modern point and clicks like Fran Bow. So in today's era of large Steam backlogs, unless you want to waste your precious time brute force combining items until you hit the right combo and the story moves on, grabbing a walkthrough is highly recommended.I kept playing and eventually completed it, using a walkthrough of course, because I'm interested in the Aztec/Mexican/Mesoamerican death folklore.  It is understandable if you give up long before reaching that point, as even with this being a remaster, almost everything is terrible. For example apart from the gameplay mentioned above, the controls change direction when you enter a new location, the pre-rendered graphics of the cinematics have artifacts and are in lower resolution than what you are probably playing at, ... and so on.Grim Fandango Remastered First Impression 1st Soul Walkthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osg-ch8UhdY0:00 Intro cinematics (sped up)0:52 Manny's office, Intro ramble.5:56 Boss' secretary Eva.10:43 Talking to the crafty mime making balloon animals.17:30 Meeting Glottis24:27 Land of the living, scaring the living, taking the soul.29:59 Talking to Domino."
,Recommended,316790,31295253,Posted: 22 April,all,Xerdean,"I bought this game I think a year ago, and honestly, its been the biggest mindf*ck ever. I sometimes click on things or people to use them with items and nothing happens, and then I'll have to use a walkthrough to only find out it was exactly what I was doing that was correct simply the mechanics of the game limiting me.FRUSTRATING.However, fun and lighthearted game, and very enjoyable overall, definitely a game for those who are trying to immerse themselves and spend a few hours getting through each level."
76561198152692495,Recommended,316790,30533472,Posted: 15 March,all,HowlinMad96,"I bought this game on sale, and I've got to say, full price is not to expencive. This is a graphical update of the original game, just a facelift not an overhaul.This game is a classic point and click adventure. A story that takes place in the land of the dead with a great film noir atmosphere. There are great characters, and an even greater story, love, loss and mystery.There is plenty of gameplay and plenty of fun puzzles to solve. This is an old game, so you have to think up creative solutions to difficult puzzles, so some people will get frustrated playing this game.I'm not sure what else to say about this game other than ""Play it."" If you love point and clicks, puzzle games, classic LucasArts, and/or noir style stories this game is a must to own.This is an old point and click so you might have to look up a guide to some of the puzzles. Back in the day if you got stuck and wanted the answer to a puzzle, you had to pay to call a tip-line that was used to keep a more steady income for LucasArts. People don't know how good they have it when it comes to older tittles like this."
,Recommended,316790,30090203,Posted: 21 February,all,Solid Adriano,"Excelente história, ótimos personagens e engraçado. Mas esse estilo de jogo é para um público muito especifico, a dificuldade do jogo é tão elevada que é quase impossível termina-lo sem usar algum tipo de Walkthrough, a não ser que você tenha muito tempo disponível e uma paciência quase infinita, os enigmas muitas vezes são absurdos e não seguem lógica alguma, e pra piorar o jogo não dá nenhum tipo de pista para te ajudar, isso incomoda porque torna o gameplay frustrante e muito monótono com o tempo. Ao final do game já não sentia muita empolgação.A criatividade e construção dos personagens são umas uma das melhores que já vi, os diálogos são sensacionais e o melhor de tudo é que está totalmente em português com uma ótima dublagem. Obs: Glottis é o melhor! kkkRecomendo pra quem é adepto desse estilo de jogo, aos demais melhor passar longe."
,Recommended,316790,33324462,Posted: 6 July,all,NixNut,"Where to begin writing a review about a game that get's praised into heaven butIdidn't like?The story, the characters, dialogues, surroundings all have such nice charm that's is hard to dislike this game. But as someone who's more of an RPG/Action/FPS gamer, I truly hated the gameplay. The puzzles are pretty obscure to me, I had to use the Universal Hint System website (gives a lot of hints before giving the solution so you actually have a chance to solve the game, recommended) to complete the game. It has sooo much trial and error things if you don't have a guide, it felt like a chore to me.But then again, this isn't really my genre of game. If you like puzzle games, this is the ultimate treat for you, a must buy because apart from the puzzles this is such a lovely and charming game. But if you're not into that sort of thing, it doesn't matter how much praise this game gets from critics and gamers alike, I just coulnd't enjoy this game and just ploughed through the hours to complete it.The game also freezed a couple times where I maybe lost 1,5 to 2 hours. But this can be overlooked in my book because of how old the game is (even though this is a remaster).To sum up:+ Great story, atmosphere, charachters, and dialogue+ Great and hard puzzles (if you're into that)- Obscure puzzles (to me), which need a lot of trial and error and backtracking- Some freezesMust buyif youlike point-and-click puzzle/adventure games.Mustn't buyif youdislike the genre."
76561198017340144,Recommended,316790,26993379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AsphaltCowboy1342,"I bought the original version new back in 1999 (big cardboard box version from my local Software Etc.).  It's been my favorite video game ever since.  I was thrilled to hear Tim Schafer and the folks at Double Fine would be releasing a remastered version.I'm very happy to say this version is every bit as good as the original.  The graphics have been updated rather than overhauled, with higher resolution textures and improved shadows, so it still has the same look and feel as before, just less pixelated.  You can switch between the updated and original graphics at the push of a button to see the difference.The controls have been updated to be more palatable to a modern gaming audience but the original ""tank controls"" are still an option.  There's even an achievement you can get for playing through the entire game using only the original control scheme, which is a nice nod to fans of the original version.To top it all off, Grim Fandango's soundtrack is one of the best in all of videogames and has been re-orchestrated for the remastered version.  The soundtrack holds up on its own and is well worth buying separately in addition to the game.Final note to new players:  If you just follow a walkthrough and march straight through all the correct choices, you'll miss out on much of the game's great dialogue.  Half the fun of these older-style adventure games was trying out as many conversation options as possible to find all of the jokes or backstory details hidden in the various characters' responses.  Also, trying to use inventory items on everything, even when it doesn't make sense, will frequently result in more, otherwise hidden, funny moments (""Run you pigeons, it's Robert Frost!"").I highly recommend Grim Fandango Remastered.  Definitely 10 out of 10, or 9.5 if you like getting every single achievement but hate using the ""tank controls""."
76561198288422491,Recommended,316790,32071447,Posted: 30 May,all,morfar,"Even though it can sometimes be quite confusing with all the different puzzles, it's a fun game. It's even better when you find out how you run."
,Recommended,316790,28435737,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lisky,Excellent game from the height of the adventure game genre. An absolute must for any point and click fan!
76561198175599151,Recommended,316790,25070516,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ashkan1,I really love this game I've finished this game every years
,Recommended,316790,26934133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Live4Fun7369,☺
76561198030190354,Recommended,316790,27698845,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeSa,"One of the greatest ""Point and Click"" games of all times!"
,Recommended,316790,28471670,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Brackery,"An absolute tour de force of the adventure game genre. From it's unique noir/day of the dead setting to the Mayan deco art to Tim Schafer's witty dialogue to the jazz/swing/mariachi soundtrack, this game BLEEDS style in a way not many games do. Controls are greatly improved by the addition of mouse control in the RE, but classic tank controls remain an option. Developer commentary provides interesting insight as well as an excuse for veterans to revisit this classic."
,Recommended,316790,34246979,Posted: 14 August,all,TheCrawsome,"One of the last great point-and-clicks of the golden age of PC gaming.Great plot, great characters, great dialouge, great voice actors, great music, great game."
,Recommended,316790,21822893,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Amtal,"Point and click at its finest. Day of the Tentacle and Monkey Island fans, jump in."
,Recommended,316790,16614119,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chiaki777,"One of the finest point and click games to come out as the style went passe. I'm sure you've read all the flowery reviews and the hype behind the game's revival. It's all true and the game is worth the investment for the witty dialogue alone, but does it play well?Adapted to newer audiences with a directional control scheme, mouse controls, and all that jazz, the game probably fails there as a port. Using the directional buttons alone makes controlling Manny a nightmare, especially when you're walking through camera angle shifts that do a 180. The mouse button controls aren't quite as intuitive either, so that's an impediment too. Basically, the game, as the achievement says, is ""meant to be played"" with tank controls. That's just it. It's probably not a control set up that makes sense to some people, but once you learn it, it works far better.So is it ""broken"" as Wired called it? Well, no. I wouldn't call it broken, perhaps, a little buggy.I will commend the updated graphics though. The crisp look of the game is certainly welcome."
,Recommended,316790,15766908,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lady Fefa,"I've played this game when I was 11 years old, and today I have 25. I still have a physical copy of it stored with box and everything. I know about it through a demo of these magazines ""100 games free"" and the next day I got to a computer store to buy it (good times). I noticed it was from Lucas Arts, and even being a child, I knew it was good stuff. I had fallen in love with the Monkey Island.This game is fantastic. I recommend to all the people I know who like games. The dialogues are smart, the script is perfect and all the characters are well built and full of life. I love them all. I started playing this morning and I ended now, coming at the end.No matter the value of this game, it is worth every penny you spend on it.If you are Brazilian, play with the audio in portuguese. You will not regret. One of the best voice acting I've ever seen in my life. For me, it's even better than the original in English.This game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,316790,22768283,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,RedToad64,"This is an example of a game that belongs in a museum. Witty humor, clever puzzles, and an amazing atmosphere ties everything together in this fantastic remaster. Buy it to support more LucasArt classics on Steam for the future."
,Recommended,316790,28034417,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"it's a game with nice music, humorous dialogues and unique backdrop. The graphics are also overhauled and thanks for its art style it doesn't show its age that much.However, the controls are clumsy by today's standard and some puzzles don't make much sense. Don't get me wrong this game still worth buying but I recommend you watch playthrough videos rather than play the game yourself to enjoy this title."
,Recommended,316790,32949591,Posted: 28 June,all,TheParvizalAI,One of my favorite games of all time. Great story. Great art style. BUY IT! ITS ONLY 2.99 RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,316790,20431706,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Freerider-Dave,"I played this once briefly back in 98 or 99. Maybe I was too young to apreciate the humour back then?When it was released on Steam remasted I had to buy it being a massive fan of what Tim Schafer and Double Fine do.Its a great game that I would recommend to anyone who is into there point and click adventures like Broken Sword etc. Also anyone that is a fan of the style of game and type of humour that can be found in other Double Fine/Tim Schafer games like Brutal legend, Psychonaughts etc do yourself a favour and get this!"
,Recommended,316790,30959848,Posted: 5 April,all,Wificat,"Charismatic protagonist, writing that's full of character and wit, a classic, familiar noire narrative paired with exotic themes of the afterlife, great voice-acting and stylised visuals. This game is a classic for good reasons, and there's nothing quite like it. Without a doubt a game high on my list of favourites.However, it suffers from the same problems as many point and click adventures; moon logic puzzles, broken pacing and countless backtracking. The main problem I had with the game is the ambigiouty regarding clickable objects. It was difficult to tell which objects could be interacted with and which objects were just a part of the scenary. Though a hint system might be patronising to the player, I would much rather be pushed in the right direction than look up the solution.If you can get past those issues, definitely worth playing. Honestly though this is an old game, its issues are well known and there's no way you're going into this blind."
,Recommended,316790,26934383,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,That Chicken (OrBenForShort),"I cannot express enough how much this game is a timeless classic. With some of the best characters you will ever come across, to the most beautiful locations, that even after an hour of gameplay, give you a sense of home, this game is a standout. Completely recommend for anyone who loves adventure games or is just curious."
,Recommended,316790,14192554,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,KGhaleon,"One of my favorite Adventure games from the 90s, and still a cult classic today. You travel across the land of the dead in a classic noir setting with witty dialogue and interesting characters."
,Recommended,316790,14230374,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Riva Hakushia,"So far I have liked what I have seen of this game during my play through up until the Petrified Woods the new sleak look they have given the characters is nice without changing a great deal of the game, it's a change thats good but doen't completely take away the old feel to the game.However I am unsure if this is something purely on my end that is happening or to do with the remastering. But every cut scene for me has the moments of blipping and stopping for split seconds, regardless if I shut everything else that was running on my pc or even turning the video settings down which is very limited on what you can adjust. Knowing from what I remember of the original game this has never had issues with the cut scenes like that and it worked fine on a much less speced computer back when it was originally released.I will continue playing this through however and see it right to the end for the nostalgia but I'm a tiny bit put off by the issue with the Cut secenes, So hopefully there is a hotfix that can be patched for this in the near future, I would still recommend this game because it's an amazing Classic and the storyline to it is one of my favorites :)"
,Not Recommended,316790,25551602,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sivek,"It's not fair to say Grim Fandango has aged poorly because everything bad about it was bad in 1998, too.All the control options, even the new ones, feel like you're fighting Manny to move in the direction you want.  The inventory is one of the worst in all adventure games.  There's a ton of tedious game design and puzzle decisions.  Despite all of this, it's almost worth playing sans nostalgia.The characters, writing and voice acting are all really good.  The voice acting in particular is incredible for a game nearly 20 years old.  Conversation with characters and item descriptions are consistently fun.Grim Fandango might be the most Double Fine game ever in it's pro's and con's.  It's funny and well-written with a clear visual focus, but the gameplay is just so tedious that you might be better off watching a playthrough.I'd have a hard time recommending this to someone that has no past experience with the game or isn't a big adventure game fan, which is unfortunate because it does a lot things really well.  Your enjoyment of Grim Fandango is going to come down if you the like the writing and characters enough to offset the clunkiness and general tedium that comes from playing the game."
,Recommended,316790,14202520,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Woody,"Remastered, but not remastered to the point of destroying your fond memories of this game. It was done right, in my opinion.The commentary is interesting and adds some insight into the development, design and creative process. Often candid and insightful.I always find it weird playing a game like this again (still have the CD in my library) 15+ years later. It's amazing all the puzzles you vividly remember how to slove and some that are completely forgotten to time.If you enjoyed this game in the past and no longer own a copy (or even if you do), buy it. It's great nostalgia, and a timeless adventure classic.If you have never played this game but enjoy a good, well fleshed out excellent story, humourous and quirky at times adventure game. This is for you.If you dis-like puns, sarcasm, skeletons, flying spiders, flaming beavers, and/or fun in general... this game is not for you."
76561198046961539,Not Recommended,316790,14281001,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,to_alex_77,"The game is a masterpiece and the Remastered edition is actually quite nice, but it crash too often and this make it unplayable. I hope they fix soon all these bugs, because I really love to play (and finish) this game. At this time, after I don't know how many times I've replayed the same parts, I give it up. Play 3-4 minutes, then crash, then replay from the last save, then crash, then replay some more minutes, then crash another time. It's frustrating."
76561198257611097,Recommended,316790,30386716,Posted: 7 March,all,gingerbready,"Incredible game, fairly sub-par remaster."
,Recommended,316790,16024234,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,benjamincaton,"Heads up: a walk-through may be in your future!The sheer variety in the art and music creates a stunning atmosphere for every location you traverse and there are endless options for fun even outside the main plot of the game. Pick up any object and use it on any other person or object and, behold, the developers have a joke for that. The characters and dialogue are extremely funny and likeable and you get a genuine rush every time you solve a puzzle.That being said, several of the puzzles are frustratingly difficult and some, for me at least, require a walk-through as the answer isn't obvious even after the puzzle has been solved. However, there is never a, 'no-win,' situation, so you can always try a puzzle again, or go back to a saved file to save time.Overall, a great game that you will thoroughly enjoy no matter how frustrating it may get.P.S. Press shift to run, otherwise 50% of your game-time will be Manny walking around the maps."
,Recommended,316790,14703331,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The Duke,"It's a waking childhood nightmare of glitchy nostalgia served up on a platter by Tim Schafer as he loses what's left of his fragile mind.It's difficult not to recommend such a classic, but the state of this remastered version is only worth the money if you really love a good story because you won't be impressed with the game's performance issues.I was lucky, my computer got through the experience with only minor glitches. Sometimes because of a glitch, I would have to go to my last saved game, which you must do often manually or risk losing hours of work because of a random glitch.The new graphics are a minor improvement but the art style is what really helps give the game a timeless look. For me personally, I think it's a risky buy, as it's notorious for not working.10/10 Would do drugs and forget about the reality that my childhood hero is dead."
,Recommended,316790,18201899,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sinatra,"Hands down one of the best games, if not adventure game that has ever been made!I have always said, a great story, engaging characters and fantastic sound design/soundtrack can lift any game from ordinary to extradordianry; particularily when faced with out of date technology/graphics. Grim Fandango is now 17 years old and I am more in love with it than ever.The world and the story are so perfectly crafted that you feel connected to the characters and their struggles. It feels alive and real; so much so that I played this entire game in a single sitting. I was HOOKED from the moment it began and very sad that it had to end.This is a game that makes you smile and laugh from beginning to end; the last of the greats. 10/10"
,Recommended,316790,18100212,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"I highly recommend playing this remastered version of Grim Fandango even if you already played the original years ago.Surely, it didn't change much aside from some barely recognizable graphics improvements. But it still remains an original and captivating story full of dark humour.The plot is delivered by a team of voice actors that really know how to do their job great and will keep you entertained and mesmerized during all the four years of Manny Calavera's journey through the Land of the Dead. Meanwhile you will have to search for the means to solve the problems and advance, and the fact that those decisions sometimes are quite absurd doesn't help you to save your precious nerve cells. Still... The journey is worth all the hard work."
,Recommended,316790,20335759,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Clone_Trooper,"The classiest four-year trip through afterlife you'll ever take, Grim Fandango is Tim Schafer's finest work and an absolute must for adventure-game fans everywhere! Even with only a slight update to the graphics with all of the graphical glitches left in, the gameplay not having aged well [there's now a classic point-and-click style of playing added alongside the old tank-controls] and with some of the puzzles being REALLY puzzling, it's still a solid gaming experience and a fine Remastering of a timeless tale for everyone to play!"
76561198258310101,Recommended,316790,19101523,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Samski,"Still a great game to play after all these years. Enjoyed the comentary aswell, going to have to play again to catch it all. And still got stuck at a couple of points, which is good."
,Recommended,316790,19947613,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Peter,Great game!
76561198028860783,Recommended,316790,19894031,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,davecrimsonidol,One of if not the greatest adventure games ever made. Classic Lucasarts humour with a brilliant art direction and style. Great voice acting and jam packed full of very memorable characters. Sometimes challenging but not insurmountable puzzles. There's a lot of love in this game and I have a lot of love for it.
,Recommended,316790,19914709,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wicked Mouse,"RemasteredGrim Fandango is published by LucasArts in 1998, so what has been remastered? Mainly making the game supported for modern systems. Back in the day 4:3 ratio was norm with the CRT monitors. Considering the techniques used back in the day, with a minimal use of 3D, all the backgrounds and environments are pre-rendered stills and the cutscenes are pre-rendered videos, so scaling it to modern ratios would mean remaking all of those. To counter that they went with adding bars on either side of the screen. Hence it's a 'remaster' and not a 'remake'.However the textures for the live 3D models have been upped and shadows are cast onto it and from it and audio sounds high quality.http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b3/Grim_fandango_remastered_comparison.pngGrim FandangoThe game, a point-and-click adventure, builds its story around the protagonist Manuel (Manny) Calavera, a travel agent in the land of the dead for the the Department of Dead in a town called El Marrow to pay off his dept to reach the better afterlife. As a travel agent he picks up clients from the land of the living that just died and tries to sell them the best and quickest ticket to that 9th Underworld afterlife, equivalent to heaven, as possible. But time after time he seems to be unable to get the good leads, while his co-worker Domino Hurley seems to get all the good ones. When it dawns on Manny that things aren't right, he tries to get to the bottom of it.The puzzles are kinda 'old-skool', what often can result in scanning the entire scene for anything to interact with and trying every item. If you finally figure it out, or you cannot resist to read a walkthrough, it's either ""Wow! That's far-fetched!"" or ""Wow! Now I get it! It's so direct and simple that I didn't think of it!"". There is a simple linear inventory system without the possibility (or requirement) to combine things, like that's the case in the Monkey Island series.The story is fun and engaging with a fair amount of comical puns to keep you entertained, even if you play it with a walkthrough, for a good 10-13 hours."
,Recommended,316790,19868984,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Omnicubed,"The pinnacle of point-and-click games. Despite the difficult and sometimes obscure puzzles, this game is joy to play from beginning to end."
,Recommended,316790,19135927,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,sonicwolfsdutch,amazing i like these types of games point clicker and good storry the only other game that had the same feeling was spyfox u should make more of these type of games like no one makes it
,Recommended,316790,18782767,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,timstar77,Classic must play game for every gamer.
,Recommended,316790,18630222,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SwooshBear,"Grim Fandango is definitely a classic and this remaster is worth playing. However, it is probably one of the hardest point and click puzzle games I've played, only because of the nature of the game. The setting and humor is very zany and out there, and you have to think like that to solve most of the puzzles. The game doesn't give you hints, and a lot of puzzles just go against common sense. You have to think outside the box a lot and just try everything to get pass certain points. Sometimes the game even gives you items you don't end up using, or won't take away items when you won't need them anymore. Story was really entertaining, and all the characters are great. Worth it for sure, if you like point and click adventure games. Pretty tough but rewarding."
,Recommended,316790,18741358,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cin,"This was my first proper experience with the point-n-click genre. I have played Myst and watched many playthroughs of Shivers before, but this was the first time I played this kind of game with no prior knowledge of what to do.Grim Fandango was an experience. The Eight Underworld and the lore around it sets up a great atmosphere, and an excellent setting for the story. The game can feel slow at times, but it's worth getting through it just to see what'll happen next. The story is intriguing, the characters memorable (especially Manny and Glottis!) and the comedy spot-on. My only real complaint is that the controls could get glitchy at times.Lot's of games tend to go for the saddest and hardest-hitting moments nowadays, so playing through Grim Fandango - which seemed more focused on just telling a story - was a breath of fresh air. It's not afraid to get serious, but like much entertainment from back in the day it's not out to make a statement. And that's quite possibly what I love the most about the game.I'll recommend this game to players who are interested in....- A good, classic story- A dose of nostalgia- A slower and calmer gaming experience- Trying out the point-n-click genre- Experiencing an older gameI wouldn't recommend this game to players who...- Don't have much patience- Want more action-heavy games- Are unaccustomed to older games and/or dislike the unrefined looks and controls of the era. It might be a remastered version, but it's still quite close to the original."
,Recommended,316790,22094220,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SpatialAnomaly,"It was a great game, it still is a great game... buy it and enjoy a master piece! (then go and buy Day Of The Tentacle....that's THE game!)"
,Recommended,316790,18245653,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,manfromthewall,"One of the last graphic adventure games LucasArts ever released (the other being Escape From Monkey Island), Grim Fandango had intrigued me for a long while, given the fanfare it has been given, but I never got around to playing it. Now, with the remastered version released, and with compatibility with modern-day systems, I've gotten another chance to try it out.Graphics:Technically, I didn't think Grim Fandango's graphics seemed too special, even when compared to other games from 1998. It uses 3D models for its characters and a few items, rendered on top of pre-rendered backgrounds, which was common to do back in those days. Nowadays, it's painfully obvious the backgrounds are pre-rendered, and the jerkiness/bugginess in some of the animations can be quite off-putting. The remastered version has overhauled graphics, but disappointingly, they weren't majorly overhauled, so the game still looks pretty close to what it did in 1998, but slightly crisper.Despite this, I still found the presentation of the game to be very nice, with a very distinct Mexican and Dia de Muertos theme (I've not seen the latter style in too many games). Having this rather unique look helps to mask the rather average technical graphics a bit, since it's obvious the aim wasn't for realistic graphics, and the style is different enough that it grabs your attention.Music:LucasArts back in the day tended to really deliver in the music department for their games, and Grim Fandango is no exception in that regard. The music fits very well with the Mexican and film-noir atmosphere the game is trying to portray, really adding to the overall experience. I've read that Double Fine rerecorded the soundtrack for this game, using an orchestra rather than midi, but given that I didn't play the original, I can't really comment on that. One feature in the music that past LucasArts games had that this seemed to lack was the iMuse engine, which was used to smoothly transition instruments from one midi track to another in older LucasArts games. Still, it was not a big deal, overall.Gameplay:The original game used tank controls to move around and interact with items, which was simply a way to easily address how navigation would work in a 3D environment. Again, several games during this age was like that, like the Resident Evil games. I've always felt that control scheme was really clunky. However, given that this is a remaster, Double Fine put in some more user-friendly control schemes, like an analog control system (up moves up, left moves left, etc), and a point-and-click system (like old graphic adventure games). This was a really welcome change, and made playing the game a lot more intuitive.I do feel like there was one area where Double Fine could have done more work, and that was the inventory system. In Grim Fandango, to take out an item from your inventory, you had to go to inventory mode, have Manny show you one item he has in his inventory, and cycle through each individual item (going through the animation of Manny picking out the item from his jacket) until you find one you need, and then take it out. It might have been good for a cinematic effect, or as a cheap way to not render all items at once, but it was extremely tedious to have to cycle through each item, instead of just picking one out right away. Even in past LucasArts games, in the inventory screen, you were presented with all (or several) of your items at once, and you just picked the one you wanted to use.Story:This is the real meat of any graphic adventure game. Grim Fandango is set in the Land of the Dead, which is essentially one stage of the afterlife, where recently deceased souls try and make their way into what is known as the Ninth Underworld, which is the next stage of the afterlife. You play as Manny Calavera, a travel agent at the Department of Death, responsible for bringing souls of the recently departed to the Land of the Dead, and arranging for ways they can reach the Ninth Underworld, based on how good they were in life. In other words, you're a Grim Reaper. Manny has been forced into this job to work off a debt (of unknown origin to the player) before he, himself, can proceed to the Ninth Underworld, but the lack of good clients being fed to him barely do much to help his cause. He eventually tries to take matters into his own hands to get a good client for his cause, but soon gets dragged into something much bigger by doing so.In usual LucasArts fare, this game doesn't take itself all-too seriously, and has quite a bit of humor to it, which is always appreciated. That is not to say the story is not strong; in fact, far from it. Grim Fandango has a very engaging story, with many memorable and likable characters.I suppose one problem I found in the characters is that, at times, there is a lack of conclusion regarding some of the ones you meet in the game. For some of them, they have a clearly established relation with you in some way, but after clearing certain parts of the game (and partially due to the presence of time-jumps), you don't really know what happens to them, and you never really see them again. It felt pretty weird, as I really wanted to know what happened to some of these characters, but once the game ends, you only really know what happens to you and a few other people. This may be a testament to how well this game is able to establish a lore and its characters, as by the game's end, it leaves you wanting to know more about those characters and the world you just left.Conclusion:I would definitely recommend this game to any fan of the graphic adventure genre, especially if you've never played the original version before. Although I feel for a remaster, a lot more could have been done (especially for the graphics and inventory system), Grim Fandango remains an absolute classic, and still holds up quite well today."
,Recommended,316790,24267887,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,President Truman,"Ah hidden achievements, you are the bane of my existence. So when I saw that 42/47 achievements were hidden in this game, I turned about as white as Manny Cavalera's boney forehead. Now I can understand hiding story related achievements that contain spoilers, but the way in which ""Grim Fandango"" has done this is just stupid.Fortunately that's my only criticism, as this is one of my all-time favourite games. Originally released in 1998, Grim Fandango's 3D visuals and artistic design were revolutionary for the time. It received universal acclaim and I personally think it's Tim Schafer's magnum opusThe writing is absolutely incredible, combining aspects of film noir and the Aztec's belief of an afterlife. The story is both witty (""Run you pigeons, it's Robert Frost!"") and tragic (""Nobody knows what's going to happen at the end of the line, so you might as well enjoy the trip""), same with the characters. This is one of the few games which I'd recommend for the story alone.The puzzles however, are really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. Now I downloaded a cracked version of the game a few years ago and played it then, so I remembered how to do some of the more obscure puzzles. But to someone who is new to the game, I say good luck, and if you can solve them without help then you're either lying or some sort of insane genius.All in all this is a great game and I highly recommend it to everyone. (And if you are a steam badge collector like myself, you might have a little heart attack at the 15 cards you need to craft one badge.)"
,Recommended,316790,14673090,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Halflight,"Grim Fandango is an adventure from 1998 directed by Tim Schafer and published by LucasArts. It has been remastered for morden PCs and consoles by Double Fine Productions. It tells the story of Manuel ""Manny"" Calavera, a salesman working in the Land of the Dead and tasked to give every departed soul the right mean to reach the Ninth Heaven. Manny soon discovers however that there is a myserious conspiracy going on and the game plays our as a dark comedy noir adventure.Since Grim Fandango has been around for 17 years, I'll just describe how the remastered content actually works out. Truth be told, the only three features that have been tweaked significantly are the following:- Nearly all the characters models (they feature an higher definition than before and this is especially noticeable when compared to the backgrounds and the cutscenes)- The soundtrack (I'm told all the original tracks have been fully orchestrated, but I'll admit I didn't notice in the game proper)- The control schemes (the game dropped the dreadful ""tank controls"", althought you can still choose them as an option, and now supports both the keyboard, the controller and a point-and-click control scheme)The rest of the game's assets haven't been touched at all. To point out the most glaring example, you can choose in the options menu between a 4:3 and a 16:9 display, but the latter will just stretch everything to fill your monitor. It can be safely say that this remastered version didn't rebuild the entire game from scratch.Everything put aside, being able to have a great game as Grim Fandango on a digital release is surely worth something"
,Recommended,316790,20594083,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,accucore,"One of the best point and click games that i have ever played, enjoyed the fantastic story that took me through a world of great imagination and thrill. The characters of this story are brilliantly brought to life through this compelling story, making you want to play more and more. :)Would recommend this to anyone that loves a fantastic story and the pion and click genre."
76561198039193823,Recommended,316790,15986923,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,HuckleberryTea,"This was one of the first games I played as a child and I loved it. I never expected to find it on Steam. If you haven't played it you need to. If you have, it's the same game we remembered and loved...with the glitches in all the same places."
,Recommended,316790,14766746,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Keydasher,Recommended. It's awesome.
,Recommended,316790,18214339,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,timecop,discover the intricate bureaucracy scary skeletons have to endure in order to ascend from the land of the dead; mexico
76561197967777612,Recommended,316790,27022951,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exsoit,A great game and a must play to anyone interested in point and  click adventures. My grandmother enjoys watching me play it for her over the steam broadcoast. A test of patience each time to re explain where the fullscreen button is each time.
,Recommended,316790,17779052,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,The classics never go out of style.
,Recommended,316790,20896779,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,broz sknex.com,Classic
76561198207065260,Recommended,316790,19372451,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TookieNWORD,charming
,Recommended,316790,20807209,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DatsonBatson,"What if the Grim Reaper was a businessman named Manny Calavera paying off time until he could go to the afterlife? That is the question this game asks. It is a point and click adventure game, but a classic one. Modern adventure games, often developed by Telltale, focus on branching dialogue. This game focuses on puzzles and knowledge. You will be stumped."
76561198172189258,Recommended,316790,20790952,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,teemuiivari,"Just like the classic, but with the animated parts remastered! And you can switch to the classic look with a press of the button! I really enjoyed playing through this again, after all these years. Strongly recommended!"
,Recommended,316790,20525442,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,goeywong,"A great interesting puzzle game that I ever play, although you might need a little bit of patience because some of the puzzles are really hell level lolBut I guess those who love puzzle genre surely have an ocean deep of patience in your heart :DBy the way, the ost are so classic too!"
76561198118181630,Recommended,316790,20631425,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,fglrx,"it became clear to me early on that this is a game that has a high production quality. dialog, voice acting, music and design is great.it is best if you like to walk around and try many different things to find the right action that will trigger the story progression and want to take time with that. sometimes the puzzle solutions are far-fetched, yes, in a way that a player probably would have had to exhaust almost all actions that the game allows to find it.it is not obvious what to do next and you usually get no hints at all. there are not that many tasks in the game though to not try at least. i found it to be more satisfying to find the next steps myself, though, i admit sometimes i saved a few hours of searching by looking into a guide, because really you have to do some odd (but funny) things. but afterwards i regretted it and thought ""why have i not thought of that myself before?"". i like to think that it is a game that you could have played in the past at a time when a friend is playing it too, and you both are stuck somewhere but someone finds a solution to a situation after a few days and shares and that this could be fun.tasks are mostly item application and talking, and i found no minigame/puzzle that frustrates through random chance or too high a difficulty.the game controls and interface i found user-friendly and enjoyable - almost non-existing loading times, relatively quick walking and all cut-scenes or talk scenes can be skipped. only relevant items are kept in the inventory.i found the world quite immersive, colorful, relaxed and the content fun. and i keep thinking of it after i completed it.the character can move in 3d, and he can be controlled using tank controls with the gamepad which is i think the most efficient and most immersive way to play (usually when you enter a new section you have to click again with a mouse to continue walking, but with a gamepad you can just keep pressing a button to walk. and you can talk to people with a button press).some tips:* the character looks towards clickable areas. i had one situation where i did not get a mouse-over symbol and this was especially important (bees).* check out items in the inventory when you get them. the descriptions might give valuable hints* actions may have to be repeated* unless you encounter a bug (i never did) you can never die or reach a dead-end point in the game* items can be used on yourself* items can not be combined in the inventory. but it occurs that you have to combine two items ""in the field""* be weird, try weird things* if stuck you might want to leave the game and come back another day* remember saving"
,Recommended,316790,16015144,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,kenzoznek,really enjoyed this nostalgic revamp...excellent game!!
,Recommended,316790,27464185,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Knight Lautrec,"Manuel Calavera: You know, if there's one thing I've learned, it's this: nobody knows what's gonna happen at the end of the line, so you might as well enjoy the trip."
,Recommended,316790,30582901,Posted: 17 March,all,Bobbleplx,"Actually it's pretty good, go play it, I recommend using""http://www.uhs-hints.com/uhsweb/grimfand.php""if you get stuck"
,Recommended,316790,16630110,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Disasterbate,"Please do yourself a favor and buy this game. You won't regret it. I don't write reviews often, but this game is so good I just had to.Now first, let me just say that I am slightly out of the age range to have really grown up playing classic adventure games such as this in their prime, but I feel this game aged very well and can very easily be enjoyed to this day.PROS+ Great story+ Great cast+ Great soundtrack+ Multiple gameplay options (controller support included. Though I did play with a mouse instead.)+ New and improved visuals on the character modelsCONS- No autosave feature- Visual changes are only to the characters. The backgrounds retain the same look from '98- Ocassional bugs (but from I heard, the original game was the same way)The pros VASTLY outweigh the cons, and the cons to me weren't even really a bother.Grim Fandango is a fantastic example that video games truly can be art. Unforgettable experience."
,Recommended,316790,16782386,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Patrick,"The last time I played this game I was 12 years old, I didn't understand half of the inside jokes but still this game made a long lasting impression on me. Now as a 29 year old and much more experience in adventure games I bought the remastered version and once again stepped into the world of Manny Calavera. I finished the game in a little over 6 hours because I remembered 90% of storyline and the puzzle solving. Then played the game once more to get all the achievements and enabling the Directors commentary.So is this game worth the money? Absolutely, even when you have played the game in the past. The humor, the strong storyline, the characters (Glottis!) eveything is just as great as it was. Okay if I have to name one thing that should've been fixed it's the controls when switching from scene to scene. If you are walking left and the camera pitch changes you suddenly was the other way for instance.It's one of the best adventure games ever made and with this (digital) release you can pick it up every 4 years or so.Viva la Revolución!"
,Recommended,316790,26803174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anika,"Manny: You have a really bad taste for men.Olivia: No I have taste for really bad men. There's a differenceYou will enjoy every minute of the game. Perfect sound, excellent humour. It really doesn't matter that this game is 18 years old - it is still wonderful."
,Recommended,316790,19943679,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BooLayzie,"One of the most acclaimed adventure games of all time is now back, better than ever. Grim Fandango Remastered has the all the beautiful art and engaging story fans remember, but has also been remastered to look, sound, and control even better than the award-winning original release."
,Recommended,316790,19103539,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lewis,"Just buy it, you won't be disappointed! It's one of those very well thought out old adventure games that SHOULD have recieved much more praise when it was released, but now since it's been re-released with (somewhat) enhanced visuals, it'll take the cake for possibly the best adventure game out there! Trust me, it's a great game!"
,Recommended,316790,18946398,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Maratae,The remastered version is the best way to play this classic and unique game again - or for the first time.
76561198045072566,Recommended,316790,19002827,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Wilson Fisk,"If you don't download this game right now, I'll download my dic in ur♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,316790,16968645,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,XIST_,"This has to be one of the greatest games of all time. The puzzles, characters, story and writing are all top notch. The original Grim Fandango has aged rather well, though the puzzles could be classified by some as rather cryptic for today, especially because of how the adventure game genre has changed with the release of The Walking Dead. If you don't mind giving the puzzles some thought, then you could probably finish the game without a walkthrough. For those easily frustrated, a walkthrough is recommended.The remastered version of the game is the best version to play simply because it runs smoothly on modern operating systems (including Linux!). That said, the remaster doesn't really add much to the game other than a few extras and graphical settings. On the flipside, one could say this is a good thing because it is basically the original game with few alterations at a much cheaper price. If you are a fan of adventure games, you owe it to yourself to play this classic."
,Recommended,316790,17372309,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,taako,many skeletons
,Recommended,316790,19728920,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,EmuChicken,"A ""remaster"" of the original Grim Fandango.You take the role of a grim reaper / travel agent, on the search of a lost client whom ran out of your office when you couldn't do your job correctly- (or so you're led to believe).  The story - and setting are both top notch.Grim is at heart, a point and click adventure game, but as it's 3D (one of the pioneers when first released), it was seen as somewhat different- especially with the ""tank controls"" that the later Lucasarts games started to add.Voice acting, music and sound is GREAT.Puzzles in this game get very difficult, nonsenical.  At times triggers are done at what seems to be random, where dialogue options open up randomly, or when you can use an object.  The feeling of knowing what you want to do, but not knowing exactly what is needed to start the sequence...  Grrnnnnnngg!!  Half way through the adventure it had me look up FAQ guides online- finishing the game only to see the story.  The fun had turned into frustration ;/---The remaster adds developer commentary to scenes, concept art, new character models, new control scheme (mouse!), and wide-screen support.Whilst many of these are welcome, it doesn't feel as a ""remaster"" should.The character models look almost out of place, infront of the (now) blurry lower resolution backgrounds- even a simple contrast / brightness photoshop touchup would've been welcome.Dev commentary was brilliant throughout.It was obvious that they learnt a lot of things with the Monkey remasters, but also it feels like the team did a semi-lazy job.Rating ; 3/5- Recommended for anyone veteran or skilled in Lucasarts adventure games.  For anyone else, start with MI!Bugs encountered,- Keyboard controls sticking, not idle when afk (often)- Manny model doing odd things (arm's waving around, odd things)Additional note;  I'm unsure if I should hit ""yes"" or ""no"" to recommend this.  Stuck in the middle.  Screw it,  yes for the music and dev notes!"
,Recommended,316790,20193893,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Brinkmøn,"Great work done on the remastering by Double Fine Production. Really glad the old level patterns remained, and in case you prefer the original layout... it is just one-click away to switch between remastered and original. Almost every location has a director's commentary option, which gives the games more depth and makes you understand the relationships between the characters and choices of the levels design better, which is a great bonus."
,Recommended,316790,20251745,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MuVori,"I don't wanna mess up my blade, but it is too much fun to not pick up!"
,Recommended,316790,19414295,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ｓ Ｕ Ｃ Ｃ 🌊🌴,"""Roses are red,skeletons are spooky,buy this gameif you want some dooty.""10/10"
,Recommended,316790,20286665,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gandalf,"It's a great game- it's funny, has a great story, interesting characters and the voice acting is top-notch. There's plenty of nostalgia in the form of  non-intuitive puzzles that will make you tear out your eyeballs if you try to tackle them without any outside help. 11/10"
,Recommended,316790,18921112,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,T1d0r,"Beautiful; combining cinematography and gameplay mechanics. Exciting story with a well built sense of accomplishment and a good, satisfactory finale.+remastered :D"
76561197981869703,Recommended,316790,27351363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,S.Michael,Incredible
76561198177297486,Recommended,316790,29610015,Posted: 31 January,all,waRP,"Great game, if you love a good story you should definitely check out this game. Best point-and-click game i have ever played. I rate 4.6/5"
76561198092929916,Recommended,316790,27276395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AceOfSpades,Great story that sucks you in with fantastic characters and locations. In the style of the Aztec belief of the afterlife combined with aspects of film noir it creates a unique and intriguing atmosphere which is improved more so by its accompanying score. With challenging puzzles that will really make you think to the point I had to look some answers up. Now remastered it looks better then ever. Highly recommended for fans of singleplayer experiences (particularly adventure and puzzle games) as I would easily place it with the likes of Bioshock for plot in that it drew me in and held me to the end.
,Recommended,316790,28999729,Posted: 3 January,all,Sleesus,A wonderfully accurate depection of skeletal culture. Even the part with the pink gorilla cyclops repairing the pipes.
,Recommended,316790,29370190,Posted: 19 January,all,negusking,"Man oh man, this is an amazing game.I'm going to say this right now, some of the puzzles are a bit dumb, and seem dated, and theres no shame in playing through the game with a walkthrough. I did, but my  experience with older puzzle games is a bit limite, so start without a walkthrough, and switch to one if you would like.The story in this game is amazing, you feel immersed in the eight circle of hell. Unlike most games where you feel like an observer to the story, or a participant, this game blend sthe two perfectly. In some parts you feel like an observer, but others you feel like you ARE Manny Calavera, on his quest for Meche. The story makes up for the lackluster and chalenging gameplay.The visuals are amazing! Not only is the style of the game unique, it is beautiful. When I bought this game, it was the unique visual style that drew me in, it stands out from most games. That and I knew that this game was a classic according to many reviewers, and it deserves this title. Every location is well decorated and full of nice details that make the scenes feel more real. I never played the original one, but it does have a way to toggle the graphics betweent he two, and this game looks amazing when it is in the  modern remastered mode.I reccomend this game for anyone who wants an amzing story, or to look at a game that is visually different than most, in a good way. This game truly is a classic."
,Recommended,316790,26449547,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,painedforever,"Never mind the ""hours played"" field, I'd played Grim Fandango when it first came out, and the core game is much the same.I grew up on LucasArts, on their slapstick Monkey Island games and the absurdist Day of the Tentacle. But Grim Fandango caught me completely off-guard.Grim Fandango is an adventure game, set in the Land of the Dead. The music and visuals are reminiscent of film noir, but also incorporate Mesoamerican styles to the art. This was, as I recall, the first 3D adventure offering from LucasArts. It was wonderful to play through, like playing through Casablanca and The Maltese Falcon in video-game format.What struck me was how grown-up the story was. It was funny, it could be silly, but it was a serious story. There's death, corruption, sorrow, but also triumph and joy. Many of the characters fall into familiar archetypes, but they are interesting, they have presence. Most importantly, our protagonist, Manny Calavera is such a joy to be around. He has something to say about everything, and the world comes to life as he moves through it, commenting about this thing or that.""My scythe. I like to keep it next to where my heart used to be.""The music lends to that melancholy tone, with Mexican strings playing in the quieter points of the game, while jazz and big band plays in the nightclubs. It sets the tone, and then shifts it. But it never tries to upstage the actors, never drowns out their voices.I'm just surprised that the debate about ""video-games as art"" didn't come up when this game came out.They've done quite a bit of work on the Remaster, never deny that. All of the models are crisp, and the sound is clear. I'd advise you to play it in 4:3 with borders (that's the default), and turn on developer commentary. It doesn't play over everything, you can have it run with a button press (and stop it by pressing the same button again in case you've heard it before). And play it with the classic controls.And remember how the story started. The four year journey of the soul across the Land of the Dead will come around, and when it does, it will be a special moment. Watch for it."
,Recommended,316790,27004146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,P4nth3r,VIVA LA REVOLUCION!
,Recommended,316790,28114025,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,brewton,"The last great adventure game from Tim Schafer's tenure at LucasArts. It still holds up, even after almost 20 years."
,Recommended,316790,29234219,Posted: 13 January,all,[GB]GBS_Hpt_Laegel,"I remember seeing this game (albeit the original) a long time ago and thinking;Huh. That seems pretty damn cool.This astonished me. I was never too fond of point and click adventure games.But this? This game is something else.Where can I start?What a concept! A mexican/spanish noir set in the land of the dead, where you play as a travel agent who discovers the corruption within the business, while making friends and enemies along the way. A favourite aspect of mine is the concept of 'sprouting', which is, in the land of the dead, plants consume bone whilst growing, leading to individuals deaths. In turn, those who were once florists in their previous lifes are starkly conflicted in this one. As you will see, characters, location, plot and narrative as well as dialogue are altered by this one small nuance.After finishing the game, I listened to a few segments of the developers commentary and looked at all the artwork available. My god. It never occured to me how much thought, effort and large of a design process it must have took. And atop that, how much soul was injected into the game via not only developers, but artists, voice actors and the community surrounding its release.Sure, the puzzles are a little outdated and in some cases clunky. Infact, a few times, without a guide, I'd not have a clue what to do (eg; that damned vault door). But they are certainly interesting! Alot of the puzzles, as I heard in the directors commentary, make the player 'think backwards'. For the vault door, its broken into and closed, in order to be opened. The keno board shows the answers to the guards questions only after they've been answered. To get the metal detector, you need to find it without a metal detector. The list goes on, and I think its an ingenious way to intriuged players.And the dialogue? It progresses with the game. You go from making silly little puns at small, trivial things in an office; to making rather depthy and character building statements.There is so much I could say about this game. It is worth the $15 USD in my opinion. But to recap:>Born too late to crusade>Born too early to explore space>Born just in time to play Grim Fandango Remastered"
,Recommended,316790,27359459,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DISGRAÇA,Did you kill much when you were alive?
76561197985380627,Recommended,316790,27562389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mtmt///,I do like it yes
,Recommended,316790,16682865,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ivan Ivanović Ivanov,"I did not think I would love this game SO much, but I did!10/10"
,Recommended,316790,20669837,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bjorn Toulouse,It only took me 18 years to solve the puzzles in year 4.
76561198125872277,Recommended,316790,22361686,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KiiwikiD ツ,No need to read the recommendations to understand that this game is the best 11/10
,Recommended,316790,22099398,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,SPOOKY SCARY SKELINKTINS
76561198075270353,Recommended,316790,21299678,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[MSIO] Ste M3n,This is a great game. Full of spooky scary skeletons 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,316790,29332473,Posted: 18 January,all,Weirdo Whoever,"Playing point-and-click adventure games by LucasArts is like working on math projects with an abacus. Do not get me wrong - I just wanted to say that it is justdamntoo hard on the first go, but once you get used to it the consequence is just amazing. There is a reason for a phrase likegolden oldies,after all.Grim Fandangois one of the best point-and-click adventure videogame by LucasArts, and also one of the best3Dpoint-and-click adventure videogame by any developers. The concept and premise is just plain awesome, the jokes are actually pretty hilarious, and the drama that strikes you upon finishing the game is inexplicable. You should really play this game yourself to understand that...feels...by the end of the game.Unfortunately, being the point-and-click adventure genreandbeing developed and released at the very beginning of the 3D videogame history rendered some parts of the game rather inconvineint for newer videogamers. For starters,good luck with playing the whole gamewithout walkthroughs.The puzzles are cryptic, and there are not much hints in the game to say the least. The days of good ol' trial-and-error progression could get tedious. The 3D camera stuffs are not as much crafty as the modern implications, and I am not even getting started with the ""tank control"" part.We cannot help with it. They could not help with it. The game was released in 1998, shortly afterWindows 98is released. Like Howard Stark has said in the filmIron Man 2, ""they were limited by the technology of their time.""Still, like I said above, there is a reason for a phrase likegolden oldies,and I must say that thisisone of the golden oldies. Very highly recommended."
76561198308226571,Recommended,316790,24298253,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dr.Dank,"""As a rule, I never touch anything more sophisticated and delicate than myself.""10/10"
,Recommended,316790,19492796,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,1cedGuardian the Spooklord,"I've always loved Tim Schaffer's oddball writing and zany characters, and was upset I never played Grim Fandango when it came out, I am very happy this remaster was done as it gave me a chance to try out a game I had wanted to do for so long."
76561198059801966,Recommended,316790,27732797,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dcurtino,"What could possibly be said of one of the greatest graphic adventures ever?It has all the elements that allow them trascend time and become classics: odd yet funny story, sarcastic dialogs, very ""particular"" characters with no lack of personality. It is a must for anyone that has enjoyed the golden era of graphic adventures (or want to experience why people constantly refer to them as exponents of great games). It belongs right there next to the ""Monkey Island"" and Indiana Jones series, Sam & Max or Maniac Mansion."
,Recommended,316790,27736870,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yonkazai,"Absolute must have for people who love point and click games, memorable characters, good humour and Film Noir."
76561198044810792,Recommended,316790,17953370,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Vashek,"Very fun game. It has some great characters, an amusing story, and lots of laughs. I'd recommend a playthrough just to experience it once; especially at $5.Pros- Interesting world/Story- Unique art direction- Plenty of humor- Great voice actingCons- A few head scratching puzzles- Nothing appears remastered other than character models and an occassional shadow.- No autosave-Couple glitches where the game stalls and you need to force close and restart it (save often!)"
,Recommended,316790,32482553,Posted: 16 June,all,dewey1761,Literally changed my life; I can't get enough of it. I wish there was a sequel even if it wasn't as good just to have more please.
76561198348432657,Recommended,316790,33509223,Posted: 13 July,all,willpiam1,"Good game.  Very interesting story.  Makes you think... its a puzzle game.  I've been able to use a controller with it though its really not ""that"" kind of game."
76561197998698948,Recommended,316790,33146344,Posted: 2 July,all,Kit,"The best game ever. Okay, maybe not ever, but it comes in pretty close. Quirky, witty and old school, Grim Fandango gives any gamer a chance to explore a fun new world in the afterlife. Puzzles and kleptomania are a majority of the game play, so if you've looking for fighting action, move along."
,Recommended,316790,33350033,Posted: 7 July,all,Dankan,"great music, very interesting and original story, great characters, amazing game."
,Recommended,316790,27464672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dark slayer csgo player,"Such a nice story and characters and dialogue in this game, it's worth playing even if you use a walkthrough guide for the whole thing."
76561198190553077,Recommended,316790,28315500,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bifrost,Truly one of the greatest Adventure games ever made.10/10
76561198105352834,Recommended,316790,28317287,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,devon.dale1,"I was so glad when this got re-released on a contemporary platform; I always wanted to play this game when I was a kid!  The art-design of the prerendered graphics still holds up after all this time; the story and characters are compelling & charming; and the game overall is fun to play - provide you like point & click adventure games.  Like all games of this type, sometimes you're held back by the game's peculiar logic, and a puzzle or two that you know you could solve without help, but poor camera-positions obscure the puzzle in the first place - I'm thinking of that stupid ash tray puzzle towards the end, in particular.  All in all, there's nothing to really complain about; and if you do get stuck, there's loads of guides out there.Definitely worth playing."
76561198005306333,Recommended,316790,27828633,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,afoolishfool,Timeless Classic. An absolutely wonderful fusion of culture and creativity! The simple polygonal design limitations from years ago only serves to give it an even more defined style that makes it stand out of the many high-definition graphics that many games employ.
76561197972568669,Recommended,316790,22240553,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ISD,"Just as fun and occasionally confusing as the original almost eighteen years ago. I still remembered a good bunch of scenes, jokes and puzzles.I do admit that more than once I got stuck and had to rely on the not that fun ""iterate through every scene, talk about everything with everyone, use everything on everything else and everyone else until you accidentally solve the current issue"" a few times. Most of the times the solution I had missed had been obvious, had I paid more attention, but sometimes I was wondering how I was supposed to think of that... Still, lots of fun, just like with the good old SCUMM games.GFRemastered offers the option to turn on character-related controls instead of the braindead camera-related controls and I still can't understand how anyone ever thought the original control scheme was a good idea. The new mouse UI makes things even smoother, as you can scan the hotspots instead of slowly walking around the world trying to see when Manuel moves his head towards something. Still, sometimes pressing enter in the right place solved something I had missed with the mouse.Heartily recommended to anyone without AD/HD."
,Recommended,316790,33538572,Posted: 14 July,all,Opfes,Excellent story
76561197971755115,Recommended,316790,28561974,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pvt McAll,It's good to be back...
76561198041656877,Recommended,316790,20496061,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DE GRAAFF,"To me, this game proves two things.1. Games are definitely a modern artform.2. There is a very thin line between being a genius and being a complete madman.Evidence for the first point can be found by looking at the unique visuals that where great in the 90s and still hold up today. Even better than the visuals are the story and the voice acting.  Not much videogame characters feel so alive as the walking skeletons in this masterpiece. Every gamer needs to experience this story at least once in their lives.My second point shows itself in the gameplay departement. The solutions to puzzles in this game are batshit-insane and require you to sometimes combine seemingly random items untill a solution presents itself. It makes you wonder what went on in the heads of Tim Schafer and his team.Go and play this unique game. Today."
,Recommended,316790,17914072,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,wgren,"One of the finest adventure games ever created. Some of the puzzles are a bit unintuitive (weird adventure-game logic), but lots are great, and the rest of the game makes up for it - the amazing atmosphere, the noir plot, the music, the excellent dialogue and voice acting. It did stunning art-deco environments almost a decade before Bioshock. One of the my top 5 games ever, and now remastered with more high-res graphics and working on modern OSes."
,Recommended,316790,17872197,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mikey,"It takes a damn good linear point-and-click to be enjoyable after 6-7 playthroughs. But saying that, this game isn't for everyone. Some people won't enjoy it as much as I and others do."
76561198131701503,Recommended,316790,33608303,Posted: 17 July,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"I was aware of Grim Fandango when it first came out, but never got a chance to play it then.  So I was pleased to see it available, and I was most happy to find it was as fun as I had hoped.The first question I like to consider for point-and-clicks relates to the puzzles as gameplay.  In this regard, Grim Fandango scores well.  The chain of logic behind solutions usually holds together, at least once you've explored enough.  There are also plenty of efforts to go beyond ""find the thing to put on the thing"", where you have just a couple of items and need to do something clever with them.  There are certainly puzzles that I didn't like (that forklift can go burn), but on the whole the gameplay was pretty good.Next question is how well the puzzles serve the story.  This is done reasonably well here.  The need to get to know the NPCs for solutions helps; quite a few puzzles rely on the quirks of your sidekick Glottis, for example.  The good chain of logic helps too, as it is clear what your goal is and why it makes sense within that point of the narrative.But the big question is always the strength of the story, and Grim Fandango has a pretty good one.  There are some elements of the setting that don't actually make sense if you think about it, and Manny's quest lacks motivation to begin with.  He also seems to be the master of the off-screen moment of awesome, which at times is incongruous with how he behaves under your control.  These are minor nit-picks, though, swamped by the likeable, believable characters; genuine humour and emotion; imaginative world; and cleverly-woven plot.  There are plenty of moments of foreshadowing only apparent on a second play, and lots of little call-backs throughout.  The climax is a little weak, but even this is compensated by a satisfying ending cinematic.I've played quite a few adventure games in my time.  I'm not sure if Grim Fandango is my favourite, but it's definitely up there among the best."
76561198011786020,Recommended,316790,27242316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,5thCartwheel,"For me, ""Grim Fandango"" is the best game I've ever played. And I am really happy that I can play it again.If you don't know the story of Manny and Meche, and you like adventure games, I strongly recommend this one.If you played original version, I encourage you to try how good the remaster is!"
,Recommended,316790,21514507,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MrsChanandalerBong,A great game from the creators of the Monkey Island series!
,Recommended,316790,21831031,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Park-Chan Wook,Who would have thought a bunch of skeletons in cloths could touch my heart the way it did.Year 2 is still one of the coolest places in all of gaming.10/10
,Recommended,316790,21824204,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[1n0] FinnSanity,"7/10: An interesting noire point-and-click game with a distinct Dia de los Muertos style. A really good story, even if the graphics haven't aged well.Grim Fandango places  you in the shoes of Manny, a grim reaper tasked with bringing in souls and assigning them their deserved transit method through the afterlife. Struggling to earn his own ticket out due to his clients not qualifying for anything, Manny manages to swipe a case assigned to his coworker Domino, a Ms. Mercedes Colomar. When even she is unable to qualify for decent transit, Manny begins investigating the powers that be, setting off a multi-year chase through the underworld to right those who wronged her and so many others.Mechanically, the game plays like most point-and-click games do, with the PC investigating every object to determine whether it is worth pocketing before then testing it out to see what it can do on anything. As such, despite the unique style and and noir narrative, the games pace can slow down quite a bit if you can't figure out exactly what to use to move the story along.Moreover, the graphics have not aged that well, with polygonal characters clashing with more rendered backgrounds. Remastered mode smooths out the pixelation that shows up otherwise, but it is the games surreal setting that really helps with accepting the graphic style.However, the story remains a fun, tongue-in-cheek sort of noir that incorporates humor into an otherwise macabre situation. Fairly goofy, especially when Glottis is involved, the game doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should the player.Good for a few hours of fun."
76561198045534681,Recommended,316790,21841770,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,tjasper9,Bloody hard. But gets you thinking outside the box :)
,Recommended,316790,21764356,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,this game made me realize how much of a casual i've become
,Recommended,316790,21875555,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ragkousakis,Yes! God Yes!! It was the first time I played this game and I loved it. It's a masterpiece!!
,Recommended,316790,21698824,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,melissahk,"I thouroughly enjoyed playing this game! A real treat with the styling, the music, and possibly the best acting I have seen in any point and click game. I was really into the characters, the atmosphere was fantastic and unique, and the story was great. As with any of these kinds of games, there are always a few times where you scratch your head over what to do next and it turns out there was a rather illogical use of inventory items, and this game has you running around a bit, but I was so hooked on the game and characters that, really, I didn't mind. A five-star game in my books."
,Recommended,316790,21524905,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LonM,"GF is apparently considered one of the best adventure games of all time. I can see why.The story is great. I wont say much more than that, to avoid spoiling it, but the concept bbehind it of following the lives of souls as they move on to the afterlife is really well executed, from the bureaucracy to the corruption. And the characters in this story are amazing. And in the writing department, there's a lot of humour which makes for a really fun game.The gameplay itself is a bit tricky to get the hang of at first. I would recommend using tank controls if you're going to use the keyboard or a controller, as the jumps between scenes can be a bit jarring. Or just use the mouse, that's a good option too. Most of the adventure game stuff [collecting items, talking to people] matches as you would expect, and it plays through very well. I'll admit there were a few bits where I got stuck and had to look up an FAQ, though.The art and music direction in this game is great. The character models are simple and cartooney, which fits surprisingly well into this game. The environments are great too, with big cities for you to explore, with all the associated nooks and crannies with random people you need to talk to hidden in them, it does (oddly) feel a bit realistic. And the music is excellent. I understand that it was re-recorded for the remastered version, and it really adds a lot to the atmosphere of all the environments. Even just on its own it's great to listen to.This game is definitely a must play if you like the point-and-click adventure game genre, and is well deserving of it's fame, and the effort put into remastering it."
,Recommended,316790,21792307,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,marcel.walker,"Ah, one of my favorite games of all time! I miss these old adventure games..."
76561198257086570,Recommended,316790,33570384,Posted: 15 July,all,WewesCola,Best adventure game ever!11/10 would buy again!Sometimes its over the top in terms of difficulty
,Recommended,316790,25123758,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dragon's Scythe,"never grew up with this game but i must say, double fine made a mighty fine remaster, also the trophies are pure gold imo and Manny is a good point and click hero"
,Recommended,316790,26919600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EpicSmug,Absolutely one of the best games ever made.The story is incredebly detailed and the message is still applicable today.This game doesn't get old and the remster only made it better with the comments from the developers.Buys this!
,Recommended,316790,27684483,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheHop,Possibly the greatest adventure game of all time. Noir + Day of the Dead = Jolly Fun Times
,Recommended,316790,26925658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nagatzamaru,You're loco
,Recommended,316790,27665915,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[o-t] Dan,"Probably the best adventure game of the 90s, and certainly in the top 5 of all time.  The combination of 1940's noir cinema with Mexican Day of the Dead imagery is inspired, and the characters are amazing.  This is hands down one of the beset story arcs in all of video gaming."
76561198004554569,Recommended,316790,27666848,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vraitek,It's been ages since i played Grim Fandango.But booting it up today instantly returned the feels i had when i first played this game :DStill love it.
76561197993571709,Recommended,316790,27704069,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Physicist,Viva la Revolución!
76561198079775202,Recommended,316790,27705819,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ufkis,Bir oyunun içine sürüklenip kendinizi kaptırmak mı istiyorsunuz? Alın oynayın bu baş yapıtı.. (fiziksel şiddetle öneririm)
,Recommended,316790,28412007,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Minion Max,"Vaya con Dios, LucasArts."
,Recommended,316790,26621893,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Bami,"For a review of the game itself, there are plenty of other proper reviews out there. It's an amazing game, 9.5/10 would recommend to everyone.However the ""remaster"" itself is pretty lackluster. On the positive side it has a re-recorded score, polished up graphics, the collision detection is smoother and the game works on all resolutions. The developers commentary and concept art is good fan service but honestly, I expected more on the technical side.I played the original Grim Fandango about a year after release, so when I started my remastered playthough I set the graphics to classic and used tank controls almost exclusively. In this mode, the remaster has about the same graphical glitches (characters getting stuck in poses, characters vibrating/flickering on the screen, missing subtitles text, objects attaching at wrong angles) compared to the original release and overall it's very playable and not game-breaking: it just feels more like a port than a proper remaster. It might be nostalgia talking and the controls are pretty horrible, but if you want the best experience: use this mode.For a second run (I missed a lot of the dialogue the first time through), I enabled all the ""remaster"" options. Almost all of these graphical glitches also exist in this mode.Now next to that:The upgraded graphics make the characters pop out of the original background renders. This, along with the cursor highlights and manny's head turning make finding objects very easy. A bit too easy maybe.Although the point&click mode works well, sometimes the pathfinding makes weird choices and some objects don't behave like they should (try to interact with glottis on the last puzzle of year 3).Maximised window mode gave me strange texture filtering/scaling issues, but running this with Borderless Gaming fixed those.Although the background renders are fine, the video and some of the animations are really showing their age. Especially with the crisp 3D models it becomes a lot more obvious.And finally, although the tank controls were clunky, you felt you were manny calavera. The point&click interface makes it feel a bit more distant. Controller support is excellent though and both supports tank as well as camera-relative controls.As conclusion: this remaster is not worse, but also not that much better than the original release. It's still the excellent game it always was so I can really recommend this to anyone. The puzzles can be a bit obtuse at times, but the story makes it worth it."
,Recommended,316790,26426107,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TREMOLO,Awesome.
76561197972553396,Recommended,316790,25476809,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Poofox,"My all time favorite point-and-click adventure game!  Amazing story!  Crammed with character!  Oozing with charm!  And imo, still among the very best voice acting in ANY game...Yes, the inventory system blows hard, too many puzzles will have you searching the internet for hints, and the even with remastered graphics it looks dated...but as a whole, Grim Fandango still holds up incredibly well.  I think if you don't like this, either you hate point-and-click adventure games or you have no soul.It also helped me learn German.  No seriously, the mechanics of this game make it an ideal (and fun!) way to learn a different language, since all the dialogue is logged and you can re-read through it at your leisure if you weren't sure about it.  Pretty sure all the major languages are covered too.This is the Citizen Kane of gaming and you must play it."
,Recommended,316790,18806775,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dzimke,"Amazing game, the best adventure game ever. If you consider to buy it do it."
,Recommended,316790,19418921,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Canoe,Fully remastered classic by Tim Schafer. One of the funniest games I've ever played and it's worth every cent
,Recommended,316790,18018121,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The One Who Laughs,"An amazing pearl from the past, with humor, plot and great gameplayalso SKELLINGTONS ♥♥♥♥ING EVERYWHEREGET SPOOKED ♥♥♥♥BOY"
76561198127817295,Recommended,316790,18076369,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Powerglove64,"I'm not a huge fan of point and click games now, but this revisit from the old point and click game genre made me feel happy again to remember my old childhood."
76561198194469293,Recommended,316790,22747421,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,aisling.ffrench,"Humorous, dark and very enjoyable."
76561198147016964,Not Recommended,316790,26017170,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TheLordOfTheAshes,"The music is great, but the game itself has not aged well. The puzzles are just abstruse and illogical. But what is worse is the number of bugs in this remastered version. At some point there was one bug that stopped my progress. And their customer service is not the most courteous I have encountered."
,Recommended,316790,32454692,Posted: 15 June,all,Redriel,"Is Grim Fandango the best Adventure Game on Steam?Real talk: hands down, Grim Fandango is maybe THE best adventure game I've ever played (and I play them aLOT). The plot is so god damn well written, intriguing, inspired, with such cool ideas one after the other. The characters are unique, the dialogs sarcastic and clever, every beat makes you laugh or think. This game is deep. Seriously.The atmosphere is amazing: a perfect mix between noir, hispanic folklore, 50's & Art Deco; the graphic design is superb and the music catchy.BUT there is one HUGE flaw in all this perfection:the puzzles. I know adventure games are not known for their logical puzzles (most of the time you try to combine every single object in your inventory hoping for the best) but Grim Fandango really cross the line: almost every puzzle is a non-sense series of actions not linked to each other.Furthermore, there are almost no clear clues you can use to get to the solution. The gameplay is so frustrating you will get stuck again and again before you'll find out there is a interagibile object in the background you had missed before or before you'll try out every possile combination with your items.In conclusion? 8 /10; that's a shame, it could be a 9 or maybe even a 10.But you have to play it, no matter what."
,Recommended,316790,22637773,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,404,"""My name is Manny Calavera. I'm your new travel agent.""About Grim Fandango, I have 7 things to say:> Masterpiece !> Nostalgic !> Wonderful musics> Wonderful atmosphere> Wonderful voice acting> Manny Calaveraand> Viva la revolution !This was part of my childhood, I'm sooo happy to play this again now <3I don't suffer any glitch or bug, anyway.(I saw many people talking about glitches and things like that)"
,Recommended,316790,26135730,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RichardB,"I strongly recommend this game, but play with a walkthrough at hand.The art style is beautiful, full of gorgeous art deco styling and south american mythology and all sorts of other stuff.The voice acting is flawless.The writing is hilarious and very dark. I laughed until I was sick at the conversation with Carla. I still feel bad for Lola. Poor Lola….There are some flaws, none heinous:• Some of the puzzles are a bit finicky and weird. I ended up using a walkthrough to get to the end of Year 2 when I found myself stuck in it for long enough that I'd learned to associate Rubacava's background music with shame and frustration.• There's a certain amount of ""hunt the magic pixel"" where it's not at all obvious which of the many, many objects in the scene can be interacted with (at all, let alone meaningfully) so you have to wave your mouse around the whole screen to see where the cursor goes into ""you can click here"" mode.• There are a couple of objects (fortunately, none important to the plot) that are accidentally placed such that you can't click on them, but you can interact with them using the keyboard controls.• Moving between scenes is slow, which is irritating if you're trying to play without knowing where to go next; if you are repeatedly going to the same places to try different things, it gets very frustrating to watch Manny ponderously traverse ladders and walkways."
,Recommended,316790,30913834,Posted: 2 April,all,Muffin,Worth it.Warning: The puzzle is really hard to figure. In conclusion the story and elements in this game is a masterpiece.
76561198161168685,Recommended,316790,24074687,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gleeborp W.,"I recommend getting the game and finding a spoiler-free walkthrough because the story and the characters are great. However, 3/4 of all the puzzles solutions only make sense AFTER you solve them.""Oh I guess that guy did say he only sold kitty hats on TUESDAY, I can't believe I forgot that!""I recommendhttp://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-01-27-grim-fandango-remastered-walkthrough-3685"
76561198085744382,Recommended,316790,25887670,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SNValadez,"Amazing story, great characters, and artfully portrayed settings. The gameplay? Kill me. Well, it's not that bad if you use the gamepad/joystick controls but oh my baby Jesus slapped on griddle if you go the whole game with tank controls your life will be hell. I'm a lover of a classic games but tank controls are frustrating like that jar lid that won't freaking come off. I only did it because I'm an achievement freak (if it's easy enough) and I kept going in circles and stepping back into doors and there was this one elevator door in the second year that made me shred my face because I kept thinking I was playing an RPG with free movement and I wasn't and the elevator cut scene would go on and off while I pounded my arrow keys screaming at Manny to FREAKING MOVE LIKE A NORMAL HUMAN BEING (skeleton) AND NOT A LETHARGIC TWO-LEGGED PONY! *ahem* Sorry. I get emotional over crappy controls. As for the puzzles, some of them are pretty hard. It really took me a while but if you like puzzle games and you want a challenge I definitely reccommend this.P.S.Tank controls have forever and always sucked and we know it.SIncerely,Capcom and every other company that thought it was a good idea"
,Recommended,316790,33403208,Posted: 9 July,all,Paranormality,"One of my favorite games of this type, along with The Curse of the Monkey Island"
,Recommended,316790,26548445,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kaulitza,"basically the most perfect point and click game ever made. the soundtrack is awesome, and the characters are full of depth"
,Recommended,316790,25727184,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Willie,yes
76561198127953983,Recommended,316790,35307715,Posted: 29 September,all,Reiska,"One of the greatest and funniest game i have ever played, i dont think i laughed so much while playing the game, if you like point & click games you should play this. I also would recomend this to the some one that has never played point & click games, i think it would be great starting pointHumor 10/10Gameplay 8/10Visuals 8/10Overall great game, might feel little hard to figure out sometimes but feeling after you figure it out is so great ( if you planning to use guide just watch gameplay on youtube or something, if your not gonna but the efford into it its not worth playing yourself)"
,Recommended,316790,14424827,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dr. Scallywag,"A few (lot!) of bugs, but as long as you use the keyboard to select inventory items they can be looked over. I heard amazing reviews of this game and was excited to be able to play it when the remastered came out. Beautiful story, characters, music and graphics. The art style is great to look at, and the music is super swingin' jazz, and you can't beat that. Three thumbs up, minus one for the bugs."
76561198011263543,Recommended,316790,14199384,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,By far one of the best Adventure games ever made.
,Recommended,316790,14551021,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lucky,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome,thx to every1 involved bringin back so much memories..."
,Not Recommended,316790,14192715,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,KERNBOOM,"It is what it is, a remastered version. With no resolution options.It's more like a re-released version. I think the price tag for it is a bit too high."
76561198249858440,Not Recommended,316790,22706048,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Rupolo,I love the original but this version is riddled with bugs. I had to replay the second year after my savegame became corrupted and at the beginning of the 4 year the background decided I still was fighting Domino on top of the submarine. I don't remember the original being so buggy. Sadly I have to recommend pass on this one.
,Recommended,316790,22054812,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,beeloy,i wanna fucc hot tiddie skelets
76561197983290992,Not Recommended,316790,29781456,Posted: 8 February,all,Father Merrin,"I know I'm gonna get some hate for this, but I sincerely didn't like this game. I think it's a bad omen when you only have fun with a game when you have a walkthrough at hand - otherwise, the game demands you to think of some things you would never think otherwise.The characters, the story, the scenarios, the music, everything is great at first. I mean, Aztec afterlife and film noir together? COUNT ME IN! But upon playing it more, it falls apart: the puzzles are damn nearly impossible. You have to combine elements you would never think of combining at the right place and the right moment. The first mission was great, but from the second one forwards, I just had no idea of what to do.It's not like in ""L.A. Noire"", in which there's always a character to tell you what to do next, and even if you leave a tiny thing behind, you can still progress. ""GF"" is just convoluted, and I only played it until the end because of the story and characters: they were this great. They deserved a better game. It's a game that is much more better to see being played by someone in YouTube than playing it yourself.This is an example of a game that didn't age well due to its gameplay. Take a look at other 1998 games like ""Half-Life"", ""Banjo-Kazooie"" and ""The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time"". These games are older than many gamers out there, and they are masterpieces. ""GF"" is not like these games. Its gameplay is stuck in 1998."
,Not Recommended,316790,29043824,Posted: 5 January,all,Kamen,"I'm down with hard puzzles that make you think but whoever designed the forest sign puzzle is a goddamned moron and should be shot. Nobody on this world can solve that♥♥♥♥♥♥with only ""we need to find the key"" as a goal and final hint from Manny. Nothing is revealed to the player about the puzzle, who had the key, what to use to find the key or where on the map is the key. I was close, so close, had the right item on the right location but never ever would I followed the game's unfair leap of logic to use the item the way the game wanted me to.Sorry Grim Fandango, I like your story and characters but there are better ways and better games to spend my time on. Hated you back in the time, hate you even more now."
,Recommended,316790,14201748,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,rbrito84,"Still an amazing game. As long as you understand that they didn't completely overhaul the game, then it is definitely a graphical improvement over the old version. I've played it every couple of years and it's still one of the best games out there.I did have a graphical issue on an older computer. Playing in remastered mode caused odd behavior where the remastered textures would very often disappear. I was able to play with the original textures though. On my home computer, this wasn't an issue and the redone textures look great. The story and writing are still better than anything else out there.Also, the puzzles aren't intuitive and took quite a bit of messing around when I first played (before any online walkthroughs). While I still remember the solutions to the majority of the puzzles, I still need help from time to time. I would recommend using online help if you are too stuck to avoid the sometimes obscure puzzles detracting from the overall experience. And I agree with Tim Schafer, tank controls are definitely the way it should be played.Edit: I still find myself coming back to the game every year or two and it never gets old."
,Recommended,316790,14194399,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,st1gma,"One of the best, if not the best, adventure games out there. I doubt many people who have played this game can say anything bad about it. With an amazing storyline and absolutely superb character design, this game has revolutionized the adventure genre. This new remaster is sure to put a smile on any adventure fan's face out there!"
,Recommended,316790,14330066,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tjockas,Awesome game. Just as I remember it.
,Recommended,316790,14411758,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Futura&!,"WhenGrim Fandangowas originally released in 1998, it was met with critical acclaim but poor sales. Trends in gaming were changing, and players were looking for more graphics-intensive titles with the novelty of Internet multiplayer. The age of the first-person shooter had begun and adventure games were on the wane. LucasArts, the monolith of adventure game developers, decided to cancel further development of adventure games, and let go most of their dev teams in the years that followed. For a while there, it seemed likeGrim Fandangowould be the last great adventure game ever made. When new games pushed it off the shelves, it basically became lost to time—out of print and held by a company uninterested in reviving it.Fast forward to a little over a decade later, and adventure games are thankfully back on the up and up. LucasArts veterans at Telltale Games have achieved a noteworthy level of commercial and critical success withThe Walking Deadgames. Video game auteur andGrim Fandangocreator Tim Schafer is finally revisiting the point-and-click adventure after his 2000 split with LucasArts; theBroken Ageseries is being developed at his own Double Fine Productions. With this new resurgence in mainstream popularity, the adventure game genre looks like it is finally here to stay. Good news for new games—great news for old ones and the people who remember them.Now, with a new deal between the newly Disney-acquired LucasArts, Sony, and Double Fine,Grim Fandangois finally seeing the light of day again, by the hands of its original authors. While the adventure games of today have evolved inGrim’s absence, many of them are still indebted toFandango’s artistic success. It’s about time we got the chance to revisit it. The remastered edition is a loving look back to an era when adventure games were not merely a thing, but the thing.(Read more on Deadshirt)"
76561198044537664,Recommended,316790,14216277,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KFC Gravy,My favourite game of all time. The commentary is worth the purchase alone. Just as good today as it was at launch. AMAZING!
,Recommended,316790,14213384,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,donVortex,Classic must have masterpiece. Especially if you want a Robert Frost baloon! 12/10
,Recommended,316790,14215974,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,GoldenCrater,One of the last adventure games made during the golden age of adventure games. A classic by Tim Schafer.I played this back when it was originally released and it was a brilliant game. Well worth looking into if you're a fan of adventure games.
76561197968936653,Not Recommended,316790,28702335,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lord Thistlebottom of [ЯФ],"After getting stuck an hour in, I watched a walkthrough to find the way forward. The solution was unintuitive, unrewarding, and without the walkthrough I would only have found it through tedious trial and error.  I have little desire to continue playing."
,Not Recommended,316790,29905793,Posted: 13 February,all,eXoDuS,"I honestly wished I could recommend this game, but I can't. Not because of the game itself, Grim Fandango is an excellent adventure, but the remaster is, in my opinion, a scam.- Visual improvements are minimal, and don't really make the experience ""better"" in any way- Game breaking glitches from the original game are still there (the one in the tree farm where Manny disappears and the one in the casino at the end where you can't leave the casino)- The new ""dynamic shadows"" look off-place in so many different parts of the game (the fire extinguisher shadow in the cave with the demon beavers is a clear example)- Although it worked fine for me, but many many people are complaining about problems starting the game or OpenGL glitches.This remaster gives you nothing of value at all for your 15 bucks, unless you don't own the original game, of course."
,Not Recommended,316790,32158949,Posted: 3 June,all,Rob: 5° Vegan,"I like most every game I've played from Double Fine.  Grim Fandango started out as no exception:  the voice-overs are the best part of this game IMO.  Good humor, interesting situations, nice (under)world that's been created.I like most of these types of games, if they're playable without cheats.  The first few hours were great.But then the game completely fell apart.  The ""puzzles"" are unintelligible.  There are no real clues in the game as to how (or even why) you should search for an impossibly hard-to-find object hidden somewhere far away, then bring it back to interact with some other random person or object.  This game is impossible to play without using a walkthrough.  To me, that's no fun.The final nail in it's coffin (so to speak) for me was around halfway through the game.  There is no auto-save; you have to remember to pause and save your game, often.  Of course, the one time I forgot to save after an hour of playing, the game completely locked up on me.  I'm on Windows 10.  I was already disappointed at having to constantly use a walkthrough cheat anyway that I couldn't bring myself to redo an hour's worth of gophering gameplay just to see if the game might not crash on me the second time.So, for $3 I got to play half of a so-so game.  Meh.  I have to give this one a thumbs down."
76561198073559951,Recommended,316790,14188819,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Harambe,Its a classic for a reason. They did good with this remastered edition and I'm hooked. Never played it when it came out and I was bummed to find out you couldn't play an original. If you want to enjoy a nice classic LucasArts adventure game this is one of the best!
,Not Recommended,316790,25100400,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Akka,"Hello I'm the protagonist. I need a new lead on a pious lost soul so I'm going to.....Get two dead worms (empty balloons) from the skeleton clownFill them with different liquids in a nozzle in a packaging roomSend them both in a mailing cylinder so they explode in the mechanized mail sorting roomWait for the tech to arrive and talk to him.Mid conversation, engage the deadbolt so that when he leaves the door won't shutEnter the open doorway when he leaves and steal mailDiscern the location of a pious soul from a letter that magically siphons by using a ♥♥♥♥ing deck of cards.How - the - ♥♥♥♥ - was - I - supposed - to - figure - that - outWhen progress is deadlocked until you consult an faq or click everything with every item you may as well watch it on Youtube."
,Recommended,316790,24031426,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fangrilo,"""My scythe... I like to keep it next to where my heart used to be.""""You must come with me, young ones, for I am the Grim Reaper.""""Not picking that up.""""You can't hide from the Grim Reaper. Especially when he's got a gun.""""Much as I would like to, I just can't bring myself to jump into the giant pit of uncleaned kitty litter.""""This red tube looks familiar""""Not picking that up.""""Hey, Nice bathrobe.""""I just locked an open door... strange, yet symbolically compelling.""""As a rule, I never touch anything more sophisticated and delicate than myself.""""Employees: I don't care who's doing it, but please stop using the contained-detonation chamber to crack open walnuts. Thank you.""""Not picking that up.""""Well, it's good to know they recycle oil out here at The End of the World""""Bound only by the paper-thin wrappings of mortality, a soul here lies, struggling to be free. And so it shall, thanks to a bowl of bad gazpacho, and a man named...Calavera.""""Viva la Revolución!""""Not portable.""""Not picking that up.""10/10 would not pick that up again"
76561198047050904,Recommended,316790,30008520,Posted: 18 February,all,Shampoo,A timeless classic
76561197965765438,Recommended,316790,28891441,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ethereal,excellent point and click adventure. the remaster fixes some of the control issues with the original for PC and adds some nice graphical updates. overall this game was a joy to play again - the voice acting is great and the story is superb. Definitely worth the buy.
,Recommended,316790,33026451,Posted: 30 June,all,buttybutt,One of my favourite game.
,Recommended,316790,15898557,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zeedware,A very bad remaster of a classic old masterpiece
76561198111697179,Recommended,316790,19645913,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Keyboard+Mouse,Not picking that up.
,Recommended,316790,15706096,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,HaaWingard!,I can't believe I hadn't played this game before...Just amazing!
92354353256542521,Recommended,316790,17949281,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Zan,It helped me learn spanish faster than Roseta Stone.
76561198125973866,Recommended,316790,32139090,Posted: 2 June,all,eko,masterpiece
,Recommended,316790,14474433,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RetroGuy3210,"The short version: Very good for nostalgic people. Still has a few bugs here and there, and the save function will catch you off guard at times. Good game overall, but the puzzles have aged. The story is worth paying attention to though.The long version:A funny little game with a very good plot and all new mouse controls.Great game that will be enjoyed most by people who played it in 1998.Graphics are considerably smoother, but the game still runs in 4:3 with a border. You can get it to run in 16:9 but all it does is stretch the screen. As said before, the mouse controls that were usually used in lucasarts games were not used in the original game, so they put it back in because the controls were dreadful.The game is much more enjoyable if you go into it without knowing anything, but it's still enjoyable for people looking for a blast from the past.There are special features now, like being able to switch from original graphics to remastered graphics (the difference being the lighting, shadows and textures. The prerendered backgrounds are untouched).Some puzzles require observational skills to solve, and talking to people and emptying their dialogue trees will sometimes help you will the trickier ones. Some of them have aged badly though.The achievements are rather easy to recieve. Most of them are obtained when you get people to say certain things, which is a bit too easy. There are also achievements for playing the game with the old keyboard controls and settings. I've played over 2 hours and I have already gotten most of the achievements.The save feature isn't automatic, which is a huge problem for people with bad memory. It's not an issue with me, but I did go a full hour before remembering to save, which is dangerous.I have beaten the game, so I can say that it's not the longest game you will ever play, but that all depends on how quick you are at solving puzzles. I haven't beaten too many point and click adventures in my time, so I can say that it is a decent length.One of the biggest issues for me was the fact that there were definitely quite a few bugs that could have been ironed out. When these issues occur, you know it's your fault, but it could have been patched. For instance, during an in-game cutscene (not a rendered one), you can click on the inventory icon, which many people will do since there is at least one point in the game where it seems appropriate to do so, but it actually makes the game no longer interactive, and you can't even open the main menu. Top that off with a long time gap between your last save, and your progress is gone. So, many of these glitches happen if you open your inventory at the wrong time, or if you just do something that the game doesn't want you to.The game has aged rather well, but obviously there will be graphical weaknesses as you expect from old games. This is a story based game too, so gameplay is really great when it comes to puzzle solving, but if you aren't one for stories, then you might not enjoy this one.Note: This is a little off topic, but the PS4 version of this game is really easy to get a platinum trophy for. It only took me 8 hours."
,Recommended,316790,28648252,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,eezstreet,"Coming as someone who doesn't play a lot of point-and-click adventure games, this is one game - regardless of whether you're a fan of the genre, you should play. The puzzles are a bit esoteric, but the world oozes with charm and the characters, even the villains, are incredibly likeable and impeccably voice-acted.That being said, this remaster is really rough around the edges. While Calavera, Glottis, etc got retextured, the backgrounds and videos, which didn't age well unfortunately, didn't get changed much, which leads to a fairly awkward presentation. The pathfinding is still stuck in the 90s and I encountered a few freezes/crashes, which are unacceptable for a straightforward point and click adventure.If I were to give this a rating, it's probably an 91-95 range. It's a lovely little game, but the bugs really hold it back for me."
,Recommended,316790,27038665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🌷 ᴀɴᴏɴ,I just want my badge
,Recommended,316790,20519638,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Herbert West,"I'm glad i finally got to play the game Hands-on for the first time in my life, i've tried countless times in the past and I must say It's defenatly one of the best point and click adventure games i've played.On the subject of this being a ""Remastered game"" Of course it's not, but hell, I wouldn't have been able to play it if it wasn't for this re-release.(Looking at some of the negative Reviews on this game really makes me laugh, sure i would have bought this on GOG if i could but when the hell does it ever go on sale there)."
76561198037265997,Recommended,316790,19328075,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,granola ghost,"this game is so tite my dude. it has a lot of spooky♥♥♥♥♥senoritas and chiquitos. its a thrilling adventure through life and mother ♥♥♥♥in death. you will laugh and you will cry and you will hold your dogs paw and say thank you. this clalssic game still holds up after all these stupid♥♥♥♥♥years. the story is compelling and fun and tite as hell. if you dont like it you are probably a microaved grasshopper which is stupid as hell how are you using a computer you freak? anyway buy this damn game double find does not let anyone down with their super duper games you better like this. i love you forever, bye."
,Not Recommended,316790,24190123,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheOwlAndTheFinch,"This remaster is full of game-breaking bugs, and the quality is only marginally different.I can handle the things I never liked about the original, like the camera angles and controls, but I can't recommend a game whose ""remastered"" version is more broken than the original."
,Recommended,316790,21374883,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dumbass The Elephant,"AHHHHH!!!!  ♥♥♥♥!!!!  I HAVE A MAJOR FEAR OF SKELETONS!!!!!!  WHY DID I BUY THIS GAME!?!?!?!!?!?!  AAAAAAAAHHHHH AHHH EEHHH AAHHHHH GGRRRRAAAHHH!!!!AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!  HOLY ♥♥♥♥!!!!  IF I WASN'T SO SPOOKED BY THESE SKELETONS, I'D GIVE THIS GAME A 8.9/10 FOR GREAT WRITING AND SOME NEAT PUZZLES!!!!!  BUT I CAN'T AAAHHHH!!!!!!  OOOOOOOO!!!!  SPOOKY!!!!  AHHHHHH!!!"
76561198024972696,Recommended,316790,16034176,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Grim Fandango Remastered"" is a very good adventure/puzzle game.  The animations, voice acting, humor, and story are all excellent and I recommend the game.  Still, I've got some problems with it.  The biggest issue is that many of the puzzles  are darn difficult.  It's pretty frustrating to be in an area with only one or two things that you KNOW are the solution to a puzzle, and still be totally stuck.  I had to resort to walk-throughs  repeatedly.  More embarrassing is that in the first two ""years"" (chapters or segments) of the game, all of the solutions to those puzzles where I was stuck were obvious (in hindsight), i.e., the puzzles were logical, just not something you'd think about.  However, in the last two years of the game, some of the puzzles had solutions which were not obvious even in hindsight.  Secondly, I'm not all that enamored with the game controls.  I used their ""tank"" system because I wanted an Achievement that required it, and it's sort of a frustrating control scheme.  The biggest issue with that is that you have to pay attention to the character's head motion to try and figure out where he's looking and if he's seeing anything interesting.  But, you get used to it.  Also, there are a couple of pieces of equipment you have to use in the game (I'm looking at you, Ticket Counterfeiter), where there's no indication of how to use it.  And, finally, a lot of the Achievements are dialog based.  Yet, if you go through the dialog in the wrong order, options disappear and you can lose the Achievement (until you reload and try again).But, I still enjoyed the game and recommend it.  It took me about 15 hours to finish the game with 100% Achievements.  So, even at the list price of about $15, I think it's worth it."
,Recommended,316790,33165075,Posted: 2 July,all,Leaux Bon,"I recommend this game, but with some pretty serious asterisks:Art direction: 10/10Music: 10/10Imagination: 10/10Obscure, illogical puzzles: 10/10Story: 6/10Treatment of gender roles: 3/10My ability to complete the game without referencing a walkthrough: 0/10Summary: This was my first time playing Grim Fandango, and my understanding was that it's a point-and-click masterpiece. The game has a ton of heart (like every other Double Fine game I've played) but the puzzles are WAY too weird, and I can't imagine completing this game without relying heavily on a walkthrough."
,Recommended,316790,29953558,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. Tot,It's the best game.
,Recommended,316790,14191743,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Falk The Wolf,Finally i can play this masterpiece again on newer systems after not being able to install the old one. First of all it looks great....well not much happened with the graphics. They just reworked it to run in 16:9. Still looks great after this many years. The other new thing here are the mouse controls they added. Now you can play it like an Point n Click Adventure instead of using the keyboard or a game pad. Sure you can still use them if you prefer them but i like those kind of games played with mouse more. It´s like you playing Monkey Island: The curse of Monkey Island to name an example how the mouse controls are working now. Works like a charm. Overall it´s fine polished for a remake i mean there a lots of other remakes and kind of these which came out in the last year  and much of them had really weird ports or problems.So final resume:Buy it if you have played the old one. It´s still great and enjoyable.If you haven´t played the old one before and you love those types of games (even if you not) just buy it. You will not be disappointed.
76561198122672542,Recommended,316790,23909431,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,seserakh,"There's nothing I can say about Grim Fandango that hasn't already been said. Instead, I'll leave you with this quote, straight from the first part of the game:""Run, you pigeons! It's Robert Frost!""10/10 would struggle with the puzzles again."
76561197993660437,Recommended,316790,14212200,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,5n1p3r,This is one of the best games I played years ago loved it completed it more the I could remember. I can almost remember the the story out of my head. When the Remastered edition was revealed I jumped and started looking if I can Pre-order the game. This is a must buy if you like Adventure games as this is a True classic.
76561198047690114,Recommended,316790,14203026,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,FLaGMuFFiN,just finished. and I gotta say playing through this game again has be a wonderful experience.
,Recommended,316790,16107085,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Karma,Skeletons control like tanks apparently.
76561197970364286,Not Recommended,316790,25923860,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,OxCutter,"Worst remaster ever and I'm a huge fan of Manny. The game just keep crashing on OSX while on Windows, cut scenes lags and the audio is terrible. It's more a ""put on bigger textures and let's hope it works"" than a real remaster."
76561198059838078,Recommended,316790,16546866,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Warrior Class Bread,Spooky...Scary...Skeleton...would reccomend it.
,Recommended,316790,19925445,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,popaboos,Best point-click game you'll ever find.Not kidding.
,Not Recommended,316790,29018768,Posted: 4 January,all,adrian51gray,"I know this is supposed to be a classic and all that but I found the puzzles too abtract. Having to go round clicking on every pixel onscreen and retracing my steps after every story event to see if someone has something new to say just got tiresome. The voice acting, story, and art style are all fantastic but I found myself just following a walkthrough rather than actually playing the game."
,Recommended,316790,14196984,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mad Iorveth,"Ahhhh. It is every bit as charming, gorgeous and funny as I remember it from when i first played it at age 6.God, this game is a nostalgiagasm."
76561197960494199,Recommended,316790,14199207,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ritchey,"A very well working remaster. I have not played the original release, but this one is very enjoyable. Very nice soundtrack, awesome funny conversations. Graphics are fine, I enjoy the new lighting, backgrounds are not 4k ultra-super-duper-mega-high res and the characters don't have 1 trillion-mega-polygons. Controls are fine with a controller, playing with tank controls.If you need AAA-standarts, to enjoy a game, this might not be your game. If you can have fun with basic graphics and a pretty art-style, great atmosphere and loads of funny conversations, then you can have fun with this.Nothing wrong with the price of the game, if you really want to play it."
76561198049819329,Recommended,316790,14194526,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,echo1,"I remember playing the demo of this game at the age of eight back in the 1990s. I was enthralled by the voice acting, location and characters. It is a delight to once again immerse onself in perhaps the greatest game ever conceived. I really enjoy the fact this re-mastered version gives the player the opportunity to play the original version of the game, which showcases just how good the remastered game is in the visual department. For those who appreciate a classic point and click adventure this one is not to be missed. I'd give this game 9.2/10. It would have scored more highly if there was a useful tip option."
76561198111657701,Recommended,316790,14197507,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kain,"I'll be honest and tell you that I didn't notice much difference in graphical fidelity of this Remastered version. It looks pretty much the same, can't even say that textures are better. Also playing in 4:3 in 2015 seems silly and 16:9 basically just stretches the picture. Luckily the game aged pretty well thanks to it's special art style.BUT! That said, it is an amazing example of a classic point'n'click quest with fantastic characters, interesting world and story, great music and good voice acting. It is something. What good Remastered version brings is the ability to actually run the game on modern systems (a reason enough for me to buy it) and fixing the controlls. In the original you had very clunky controlls (that you can chose here to get an achievement), here however you have a proper mouse support which makes the game all the more enjoyable.Conclusion: It is as good as it used to be 17 years ago, but with few quality of life improvments. If you're an oldfog like me, or you have an interest in point'n'click games, or you're young and want to see what we used to play in our childhood - grab it and enjoy. It's a classic everyone should try at least once. Just don't google solutions for the puzzles, cmon."
,Recommended,316790,14208223,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,whmchrish,"It's hard for me to look at Grim Fandango objectively. Back when it was first released, I instantly fell in love with this quirky Film-Noir-inspired adventuregame, and I have played it several times over the years. While considered a commercial failure back then, it has since gathered a cult following on who have kept it alive.And I feel it deserves its high praise: Grim Fandango is, to this day, one of my favorite adventure games. Its stylistic vision remains one of the best in the medium overall, and the story and mythology is absolutely inspired. This remastering of the old classic removes the one thing I disliked about the game at launch (the tank-controlls) and gives the old textures and character-models a slight spit-shine to make them easier on the eyes on our new, fancy monitors.The game puts you in the shoes of Manny Calavera; a travel-agent for the Department of Death. After a less-than-moral life, he is working off his sins in the land of the dead by selling premium travel-packages to newly-departed souls. Depending on how good you were in life, the 4-year journey of the soul may be considerably shorter, as you either have to walk, drive, cruise or travel by bullet-train into the land of eternal rest. But not everything is as it should be in the D.O.D. and Manny soon starts to unravel a web of corruption and fraud within the system.The story is a fun Film-Noir-inspired romp that brilliantly mixes Mexican folklore and tradition with its own inventions to create a fascinating world and mythology. I'd hate for the game to get a direct sequel (seeing as the story is tied up neatly) but the world itself is bursting with great materials for a spin-off. The characters are great, the voice-actors have all done solid work, and the music perfectly adds to the games' atmosphere.Now lets talk about the bad for a bit; Grim Fandango looks a little dated. Its style was tailored to the limitations of 3D-technology at the time, and it looks BETTER than a vast majority of games from the era, but it's still something to consider. The 4:3 pre-rendered backgrounds hold up (even if I wish they were a little sharper) and the new textures are decent, but I would have loved a full 16:9 presentation and better character-models. There are also some bugs here and there, and no auto-save feature, so save often - just in case. The tank-controls are as aweful as ever, but you can play it in different modes - my favorite being the point-and-click interface.Being a ""simple"" remaster (if that's even a thing - I'm not a game developer) I think Double Fine is to be commended on their work here. The added commentary-system is fun for fans of the game, and while it still has some technical issues, Grim Fandango is a game worth preserving. Since this was never advertised as a full-on remake, I've known for a while that this wasn't gonna be a brand new experience based on an old game; but rather an old game presented in the absolutely best way possible - warts and all.I can't speak on how easy the puzzles will be to newcomers - having done them myself so many times over the years that I go from memory - but I assume its fair to say that a few places suffer from ""Adventure-game-logic"" where you'll have to either pay crazy attention to every little tidbit of information you've encountered and make some logical leaps, or just consult a guide. If you've enjoyed the genre of point-and-click adventure games in the past, yet somehow managed to skip Grim Fandango, it is - as it has always has been - one of the best."
76561198035989165,Recommended,316790,14821652,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cruces,The first adventure game I ever played. Fell in love with the genre because of it. 10/10.
,Recommended,316790,14255876,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Unarmed,Pros: It is just like the old game - for example there is no autosaveCons: It is just like the old game - foe example it crashed on me after hours of play!10/10 - is currently playing again.
,Recommended,316790,14342071,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Saphiros,A great point and click adventure.
76561198049835595,Recommended,316790,15288176,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gromilla1990,"This was one of my first games as a kid, back then i didn't know english that well, so i played it in crappy russian localisation. But still as a little understanding kid i was astouned by the graphics, the story and the whole out style of the game. I bought this game at the age of 25 and played it in original English language, there is so many quotes into old noire movies like Casablanca which lie so smoothly into the story that you really get into the old jazz, lone detective kinda style while going through the story. And with Tim Shafers and other developers' comments you can really get into an idea of what went through the mind of designers when they were creating the game. So many little things that you will notice has an interesting back story of how and why it was created. And the ending still gives me feels. I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,316790,15305915,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jay,Grim Fandango is a fun game for nice people.
76561198024764010,Recommended,316790,14313360,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Broken iluds,Excellent game!... My childhood all over again!
76561198062925963,Recommended,316790,15305559,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Let's get IGGY,"Tim Schafer's crowning jewel in a portfolio of work that includes some of the finest point and click games to ever grace the computer screen. A thoroughly enjoyable adventure that's not without its fair share of insanely difficult puzzles to get through. However, these do not hinder the delightful caper that Manny unknowingly embarks upon. The voice work is on point - a prerequisite for any great adventure game.  Only fault being the HD graphics and enhanced shadowing not working for me. Either a bluish hue trails Manny or he is invisible. Needed to disable both for the game to run smoothly."
76561198052688058,Recommended,316790,14300156,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kuki,Fantastic game! Hilarious!
76561198118397112,Recommended,316790,15284190,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Feedia,How to Bring Back Nostalgia and Happy Memories?Buy Grim Fandango Remasterd!!! <3
,Recommended,316790,14379878,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CCatalysts,"Grim Fandango surpasses at every aspect an adventure game needs to be. You play as Manny Calavera, a travel agent of the underworld. Through your journey you'll visit atmospheric locations; encounter funny and enjoyable characters; solve somewhat difficult, yet satisfying puzzles; and be able to experience a game that many still have enjoyed since its inital release date in 1998. The character models have been greatly improved, but the background enviroments look the same due to the fact that they're pre-rendered. Just having the ability to play this game on modern systems is a plus. Alongside with all this, there is a developer commentary available at your disposal."
,Recommended,316790,29430487,Posted: 22 January,all,panc,skull ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,316790,14189439,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Poison,"An outstanding game from years past that has a cult following for good reason. One of the funniest games ever created. The remaster does exactly what is needed, cleaning up the visual quality of the audio and movies (though video quality is still going to look somewhat dated) and improving the model and texture quality. Most importantly, it adds in a new easier to grasp control scheme, while still offering the old school ""tank"" controls for die-hard purists.My favorite game of all time, and now I get the joy of sharing it with a new generation. At the price of only $15, if you have even the slightest inkling of interest, buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,316790,14198290,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Rhomega,"Grim Fandango is my faovirte of the LucasArts adventure games. Note that I haven't played Day of the Tentacle (yet), The Curse of Monkey Island, or Sam & Max Hit The Road. Regardless, I love the locales, characters, music, and Mexican artstyle used. I'm glad this was re-released to Steam, and even better with these touch-ups like increased resolution on textures, better lighting, and orchestrated score.On the downside on this Remastering is that the texture work doesn't seem to apply to cutscenes (notice Manny's face, the edges of his eyes aren't as sharp as in regular gameplay), there's issues with the timing on subtitles, and there's a few glitches here and there (the developer commentary will suddenly stop sometimes). I've had the game crash after watching cutscenes. There's a game breaker where Manny will try going down the elevator in the High Roller's Lounge and he'll be stuck inside, forcing you to reload a save. Olivia will physically shake when he moves away from the wall. There's issues with the wheelbarrow in the Petrified Forest.Even so, I do recommend every classic adventure fan pick this up. It's a classic, and now available for the digital download age."
,Recommended,316790,14199117,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,KHΛMΞIIIΞOИ,"This is a rare kind of relic that everyone should try at anytime. Few games nowadays have this sort of ""no arrow point to the target"" kind of puzzles. Please if you are an old gamer, play again and take a deep breath in the nostalgia. If you are part of the new generation of gamers, play this without any kind of tutorial or walkthrough. You are going to experience how games were in the old days.It really worth the money."
76561198044619825,Recommended,316790,14212790,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,mcmorris23,"This is THE game that set the benchmark for the adventure genre and is still considered one of the top ten PC games of all time by many gaming publications. Yet, while it has always been praised by critics as a masterpiece it was widely ignored by the general PC gaming community when released in the late 1990s. Gamers then discovered its beauty and craftsmanship years later when it was no longer in production. I was one of those gamers and quite frankly gave up on a re-release years ago. So you can imagine how delighted I was when I heard it was coming back in re-mastered form.Simply put, this game broke a lot of ground in terms of character development, 3D imaging, story, dialogue, music and voice-overs, puzzle solving, and point and click mechanics. So a lot of the common things you now see in many contemporary adventure games are a direct product of Grim Fandango's trail blazing effort in 1998. So rather than list all of the game's accolades, I suggest you purchase this game and just play it yourself. You cannot go wrong for $15, and this game is an absolute must if you are a fan of the adventure genre.Below are links to articles about the game. one is called ""Why do so Many People Love Grim Fandango,"" and the other is an L.A. Times article about the game and its re-release:http://kotaku.com/why-so-many-people-love-grim-fandango-1682075082http://herocomplex.latimes.com/games/game-designer-tim-schafers-grim-path-tracks-adventure-genres-growth/"
76561198127322443,Recommended,316790,14216872,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Edgar,"The cutscenes are practically the same, the in-game graphics have only been updated in the character model department but it's a nice touch-up. You can switch from the old and new graphics by pressing the analog stick(not sure on keyboard). It plays great and sounds good. If you enjoyed this back in the day and want to revisit this masterpiece, buy it now. If you never played this game and have been hearing all the praise, be warned, games were a lot different back then, in terms of guidance, this game hints at what your supposed to do next but that's it. It's essentially a puzzle game but if you're used to arrows pointing you in the right direction then I'd imagine that this game will frustrate you. But if you can look past that, you will go on a fantastic journey with an unforgettable story. It's worth the money."
76561197965528839,Recommended,316790,14274357,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Cluster Cove,"A wonderful game. Get yourself a copy the next chance you can. Just do it, pus."
76561197984737819,Recommended,316790,14197586,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,No_SuRReNDeR,Directors commentary alone makes this worth every clam. Would die again 11 out of 10!
76561198044919598,Recommended,316790,14188012,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Delta_5-1,"This is one of my all-time favorite games! I have played through it countless times, and I played the CDs to death! I'm so glad that this game has been updated, streamlined, and re-released!!! The controls are much easier than the old first release, and all of the strange glitches are gone. The story and humor in this game is masterful, and although I needed a walkthrough my first time, the characters and dialoged are un-paralleled and more than make up for the occasional confusion about which skeleton to flirt with to get a metal detector (you’ll get that once you play).I laugh every time I pick this game up again, and I quote it all the time… only to get puzzled looks from my friends who haven’t had the joy of playing this timeless classic. The strange, stylized, delightfully artistic journey through the Mexican land of the dead to rescue your lost love (if Manny can love with his scythe… kept next to where his heart used to be) is filled with intrigue, revolution, mystery, misery, and endless wise cracks and puns. Do not let the old-school 3D animation sour you. PLAY IT THROUGH. Use a walkthrough if you must, but this story is so much fun. It’s not an intense game, but for a leisurely comedy, it cannot be beat!"
,Recommended,316790,14197107,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SkebbZ,"A timeless cult classic. If I had to pick one game to call my favorite, this would be it."
76561197969473419,Recommended,316790,14202533,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Oceansize,"I've been playing video games from the very beginning in the late 70's (remember Pong? Oregon Trail?), way before even the Atari or Commodore 64. Throughout school, university, rock bands, becoming a banker, getting married, etc etc etc I have always gamed, never stopped.The point being I've played a lot of games, and continue to do so.Grim Fandango is in my Top 3 games of all time.  It is the pinnacle of traditional Adventure gaming that LucasArts briefly perfected so well.  It is the best Tim Shafer (sp?) game too, IMHO, and that's saying something because I love all of his games for LucasArts, in addition to Psychonauts and most of Double Fine's other releases.I have dreamed about this game, and if you ever asked me which game I wish they would remaster and make available again so I could replay it on today's hardware, I would say 'Grim Fandango' without hesitation. I have honestly missed this game, and so I am simply overjoyed to see it on Steam.  I loved it so much I refused to get any help solving any of the puzzles; it remains a source of pride that I finished Grim Fandango completely by myself without any hints, even though one puzzle in particualr kept me stumped for two weeks.  It is simply not possible to stump me in a game for that long anymore, for I will uninstall it before giving it that much of my precious time. With Grim Fandango, it was worth it.As you can see by my hours logged, I really haven't played the new version yet. But I've seen enough to know they got it right: the art is the same, but the textures and resolution are brought up to speed. The backgrounds seem a little low-res compared to the new 3D models, but the fantastic acting, long satisfying story, and devious puzzles should cause you to forget about any of that very quickly."
76561197989293420,Recommended,316790,14199589,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,faygofreak_1,"i loved it when it came out the first time, and i still do i am happy to not have to maintain the old windows 98 pc anymore to relive 1998 awesomeness, runs smooth, you get use to the borders, the mouse controls are a nice addtion too. never mind the nay sayers give it a shot you just might like it."
76561198048630742,Recommended,316790,14215060,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Darriken,"This game was one of the most memorable titles of my adolescence - and it still holds up today. Sure the mechanics of the game are painfully dated, but the music, artwork - the entire atmosphere is just sublime. Add some great characters, and equally witty dialogue, and the whole thing falls together, mostly, without a hitch.There were a few odd issues with textures here and there, nothing game-breaking. They give you the option to go non-remastered at the click of a button. Which appeals to the nostalgia jerk inside me.A definite buy again."
,Recommended,316790,14244111,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Eadie,My favourite game of all time. An amazing film noir story set in the land of dead. This updated version includes click and point controls for those who couldn't handle the late 90s strange phase of thinking tank controls were cool. The updated graphics seem to only apply to the 3d character models; backgrounds look the same as far as I can tell. And the cutsceens have had a lot of artifacts removed but are otherwise the same resoultion as the orginal game. Overall I would highly recommend but this is certainly a remastering and not a HD remake.
,Recommended,316790,14204860,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,T-Spice™,"I've only had a small amount of time in the game so far but I can tell you whole heartedly that fans of the original will not be dissapointed. Sure the puzzles haven't aged all that well or maybe I just think that because I have never played the original but after everything I have heard about the game I jumped at the opportunity to pick it up and needless to say I am hooked, so far I have encountered no bugs, no optimization issues, savegame issues or anything of the sort, I guess that is what you can expect from Double Fine though. A good 10/10 game that everyone should pick up and play at least once, even if point and click is not your thing."
76561198063839800,Recommended,316790,14217107,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,UpNorth,"I remember playing the original game at a friends house back in my eariler years. I would travel from my house in Pennsylvania all the way to my friends house in New Jersey, about a 45 minute drive, just to hang out with him and play some great games. Grim Fandango was always the highlight of our experience together. Memories never die and man does this bring back some great ones! Thank you Double Fine Productions for making this amazing remake and taking me back to the good ol' days!"
,Recommended,316790,14217884,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,NickTheNESHero,"-=DISCLAIMER=-Unlike some other reviews, this review will deal purely with what the game is like, NOT how the game runs. I don't believe that a game should be held accountable for technical difficulties that a few people experience. For me, the game runs perfectly aside from the ocassional framerate stutter.-=END OF DISCLAIMER=-I've never played the original Grim Fandango (I was only 3 when it came out), so nostalgia was not a factor in the purchase of this game for me. I had heard that Grim Fandango was an exceptional (if a bit lukewarm) release in the LucasArts canon, so I felt that I would be missing a piece of gaming history if I didn't play it. (Plus, I'm a huge fan of Adventure games). The game is a run of the mill adventure game on the most basic level, but stands head and shoulders above other adventure games.THE AESTHETICSDodgy mechanics notwithstanding, Grim Fandango's humor is where it really shines. It certainly has a decent pedigree. LucasArts is famous for their humor, and Tim Schafer (Grim Fandango's director) is a very funny guy, The story and art style is an intoxicating mixture of Art Deco, Film Noir, and Central American legend. It is serious enough to make the player understand the gravity of the story, but light enough to lampoon classic examples of Noir and even throw in an occasional pun or two. The dialog is rock solid and the voice acting is fantasic, both painting a rich and detailed world of comic intrigue. Every dialog tree is chock full of exposition and chuckle-worthy quips that range from farce to high-brow humor, though the game tends to lean more towards the latter. The story is what will keep you playing as you slog through the dated mechanics.THE MECHANICSThe original game had a strange control scheme that forgoed the standard point and click scheme and replaced it with Resident Evil-style tank controls and key presses. The new version features a more traditional point and click scheme and controller support that makes it very accesable to new fans of the genre. In theory, at least. In practice, the new control schemes are the only mechanical difference the new version has to offer. The new version suffers from issues that all adventure games suffer from. Namely, difficult puzzles. It would seem that one must use an entirely different kind of logic to solve puzzles in Grim Fandango. As a very young child, I played educational point and click games and I am a huge fan of The Dig and other LucasArts Adventure games, so I consider myself to be somewhat capable at these kinds of games. Even so, Grim Fandango mangaged to throw me for a loop during the first puzzle. The thing this game needs most is a hint system.THE VERDICTGrim Fandango Remastered is a great game (even if Remastered is a bit too generous of a word). The mechanics are slow and have not aged well, but the fun art design, sharp humor, and fantastic voice work more than make up for it. Despite what the new control schemes would suggest, the game is not as welcoming to new fans of the genre as it at first appears. For those who already own the original, this game is only a must-buy if you cant get your original copy to work, as the new lighting and textures alone aren't worth 15 bucks. However, for those who grew up playing the original, or for those who are fans of the genre and want to experience a piece of gaming history, Grim Fandango Remastered is a must have.PROS+Funny+Amazing Story+New Control Schemes+Art Style is Absolutely StunningCONS-Mechanics have not aged well-Difficult Puzzles-No Hint System-Slight Graphical Upgrade Not Worth $15I Give It a 8.2/10"
,Recommended,316790,14203863,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hy Bound,"Oh man, never originally played this, but this is sooooo great! Buy it! Now!"
,Not Recommended,316790,20719221,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Beoran,"2 hours into the game and I was browsing through walkthrough videos in Youtube already. The puzzles are difficult but far from being clever. To solve one, you need to try everything with what you got in your inventory and things you can interact, but the map is really big. Thus going to one place from another takes so much time and it gets really annoying after some point. You may spend 3 hours on a little puzzle which takes less than 2 minutes, but you may not find the solution. One way or another, you will find yourself watching videos in youtube.But the artwork is great and dialogues are really fun, the game is really great, one of the best. But, for me, playing this game and watching walkthroughs on youtube is the same experience."
,Recommended,316790,25273051,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Myron,Overwatch's Reaper first game. Back then he had more lines than just DIE DIE DIE
,Not Recommended,316790,23795688,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,darmstadi,"I was unsure about recommending or not recommending this game. The reason I chose not to recommend it is because I had to force myself to finish the game and ended up using a walkthrough everytime I got stuck because I couldn't be bothered to try and understand the logic (or lack thereof) of the developers.First the good parts:+ The voice acting is very good.+ The theme is original. The story is a bit mediocre but the theme helps to sell it.+ The world building is fantastic. The art style and writing that went into it are spot on.+ The characters are colourful and distinct from each other.For the bad parts, it's mostly everything that has to do with the gameplay.- The puzzles rarely make any sense at all. You end up trying every object in every hole to see if it fits. There's no encouragement to thought it's all trial and error. This is the reason I ended up running through the game with a walkthrough, during Chapter 2 everything gradually stopped making sense.- You spend most of the game walking and backtracking from one point to the other because the levels are unnecessarily big.- The inventory is awful.- Some of the story bits in the middle of the game are boring and superfluous.This game is pretty on the outside but flawed on the inside. When it comes to the literature and the art style it's a good game, it lacks in some aspects but it has some strong points. However, when it comes down to gameplay, it's just bad."
,Recommended,316790,14195529,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,elkore,Masterpiece reborn
76561197973997469,Recommended,316790,14216977,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[USA] Vic Rattlehead,Great game if you like point and click adventure type games.  Brings back memories.  Control is much improved over the original.Rock solid on Linux.
76561197992453705,Recommended,316790,14204310,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,"When I first played Grim Fandango, I had to stop playing at some point because the controls were so bad. This new version completely fixes that. There are quite a few GFX bugs, but it usually doesn't affect gameplay. At one point I have been literally stuck, but got back by using the arrow keys.It is worth its price.EDIT: Game freezes from time to time. It prevents you from doing anything (including using Esc to return to menu) even though the game is running. I hope they will fix it."
,Recommended,316790,14206440,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[DALK] GadgetGuy,"This is, in my oppinion, one of the best games made to date.It freatures a brilliant story, beautiful music, perfect voiceovers and a very nice artstyle.If you somehow have not played this game before in the original version, do not let this gem slip by.This remastered version is true to the original game, and naturally with a few improvements.Go play it"
76561198041348180,Recommended,316790,14204713,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mando'ade,"DoubleFine has had its stumbling bocks in the recent past, however  I have been a fan of the company, and its games since I discovered Pyschonauts ( which is now my all time favorite game) and am an avid fan of Tim Schafer and his works. The port is well done, the updated graphics ( though limited) are beautiful and the game is a wondeful experiance. Once upon a time I tried to run this game in an emulator and had to run a background prgram that overloaded my cpu enough to slow it down to run Grim Fandango, so to see this game on steam, for an affordable price is awesome. some say DoubleFine is doing this to make a quick buck rather than make new games and theyre just cashing in on past glories. I personally dont think so, but if it means that theyre keeping gems like this game alive and well, and are introducing it to a new audience, maybe i don't mind so much.PROS-awesome classic adventure game-updated graphics and textures-great humor and story-keeps an old game alive and lets a new audience enjoy it-great director commentaryCONS-reqs are a bit daunting-controls take getting used to-though arguably a pro, (and was intentional) no UI. takes some getting used to-no autosave"
,Recommended,316790,14194096,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,linkerError,"A straight, simple HD update of one of the greatest adventure games of all time."
,Recommended,316790,14202380,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Strife,"Game of the Year, 1998!Pre-ordered the orginial back before it came out.  My preorder shirt didn't make it all these years but the game holds up well.  I think a lot of people who don't like adventure games will like this one, because it's more of the same, but for the folks who do, it's pretty hard to pass up on this one!"
,Recommended,316790,14653261,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jacobsedesse,"This is my favorite game of all time (beating Mirror's Edge!)This game is fantastic on too many levels. I never was able to experience the original, but now that I have been able to play this version I have enjoyed this game a lot. If you are a first-time player it may be difficult but the story is so well done you can remember exactly what you have to do the next time. Everything ties in through the different years and locations in an area (in Year 2, almost every single place has a purpose with the puzzles). Speaking of puzzles, the puzzles in this game are great and feel like a 90's adventure game.Everyone should own this game. This is perfect. There is a reason why I got every achievement.(10/10, Perfect Game)"
,Recommended,316790,33737420,Posted: 22 July,all,PF VII,skeleton
,Recommended,316790,22803869,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Terrien,yum yum bubblegum
,Not Recommended,316790,22588011,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,alison,"This is one of those games where perhaps you just had to be there to get it. I am a huge adventure fan and have been for almost 30 years, but somehow i missed this one first time around. Although Grim Fandango has all the ingredients for a great story - noir setup, swingin' jazz, Chicano swagger and a fabulously imaginative mythology - the actual mechanics and story structure don't hold up any more. You know an adventure game failed when trying to solve the puzzles is so tedious you resort to following a walkthrough all the way through, and it's still tedious.There is lots of repetitive running back and forth to collect objects that form implausible solutions to opaque puzzles rarely even hinted at in dialog. There are also some frustrating timing puzzles that are made all the more painful by a truly awful user interface (most egregious example: to switch items you have to click one by one through your whole inventory). And for some puzzles there is an elaborate setup that if you miss one tiny piece you are stuck retracing your steps for the billionth time. But, most disappointingly, as cool as the character designs are i just didn't end up caring about any of them because the dialog lacks emotional weight. Perhaps i would not have noticed these things if i had played it in 1998, but in 2016 when adventure game interfaces have become so streamlined, when their characters are so much more deeply developed, when their stories are tackling poignant themes head-on, when their puzzles are intuitive and not a chore... This is really rough. I'm sure people who liked it back in the day will get a blast of nostalgia from this remaster, but if you're a modern adventure gamer into the sort of stuff that's come out in the last 5-10 years, this is going to be more of a history lesson than a tight and compelling story."
,Recommended,316790,22862898,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mans1ay3r,"I love it, nuff said."
,Recommended,316790,14194015,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,dmas72,"It was the best game ever made back in 1998, and remains the best game ever made in 2015 (the remaster aside). And I'm certain it will be unmatched by 2098 :D. It is simply the best game ever to be made!"
,Recommended,316790,22788221,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Julian,One of the best games ever made. Always worth playing and replaying
,Recommended,316790,24451154,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SuicideFran,"I wish I had amnesia, so I could forget I played this game, and play it again, * Repeat cycle. Thats how good it is."
,Not Recommended,316790,19568690,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gorrsnus,"It's a good game, but it's hardly ""remastered""."
76561198027103160,Not Recommended,316790,17037488,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tidaldust,"Grim Fandango has lit up museums as evidence of games as art. And visually, it is a treat. But it's not much of a game. The puzzles frequently make little intuitive sense, even after completed, and the story has little emotional impact, with poorly developed characters, weak villain, and little in the way of conspiracy to unravel. Best to leave this one in the museum."
76561198013910015,Not Recommended,316790,18793962,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,GTX 1080,"Absolutely NOT BETTER than the 1998 original version! Not a SINGLE BUG has been fixed, I spent almost TWENTY DOLLARS on a PORT of quite good Windows'95 game to Windows 7! The resolution is STILL THE SAME, only scaled do 16:9, cutscenes and animations are THE SAME as in 1998, the only thing which is visibly remastered is characters, but also far away from 2015! Now, I've played up to ""year 4"" in the game and THE BUG STOPS ME FROM FINISHING THE GAME - they even haven't tested it properly! Just wanted to make cash on ""old and popular title""! WASTE OF MONEY!"
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,316790,20934238,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"I don't play adventure games often, and I realize this is a classic. But to be honest I didn't enjoy myself. The solution to some of the puzzles is just to wander around or exhaust dialog, which was not interesting. Even when puzzles had a more direct solution, sometimes the solution I thought of did not match the solution you were supposed to use. So I had to resort to trial and error, or using a walkthrough. I felt like playing was just a chore to get through."
,Not Recommended,316790,21353973,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,gameofkittens,"good story, terrible game play. The puzzles in the game are obscure and there is no way to solve without looking up a guide. would not recommend buying you're proabably better of watching a lets play."
,Not Recommended,316790,20281744,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Baphomet,"While I enjoyed the original Grim Fandango back when I played it in the early 00's, this remaster hardly does it justice. Other than a point and click system, and some slightly smoother models and lighting, not much else is changed and a lot of the pre-rendered material is still in place.You don’t even get a proper widescreen format (enabling it makes everything look all stretched) and most of the FMV are pretty pixelated still. Additionally, a lot of glaringly obvious bugs are still present in the game such as not being able to re-enter Glottis's car if you exit it in certain parts of the screen, and general freeze-ups when approaching areas/items from different camera perspectives. There were also a lot of animation glitches that made certain serious scenes look ridiculous with floating objects and misplaced limbs.As far as the game itself goes, most of the puzzles are fair enough with a few parts that might stump those who are using the tank controls over PnC because some of the interactive elements aren't very obvious. The characters are interesting and Manny's interactions with them can be downright hilarious and the story is among one of the greatest stories for a point-and-click adventure ever.That being said, I felt like this remaster was just a cash grab for double fine. Since original copies of this game can be hard to come by (the legitimate way can run you up to $30 or $40) you may be stuck grabbing this one, and they probably banked on that by setting the base price to around $15 just so they can rake in some easy money. I would only recommend this game on sale for around 2-3 dollars and only to people who don’t have the means of getting the original version."
,Recommended,316790,26332304,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,zilly,"By far the most charming, fun and challenging point & click adventure game I've ever played.One of the few games I would consider an irrefutable masterpiece of art, objectively.-The story is amazing, character development is incredibly strong and engaging.-Great 'Day of the Dead' theme makes this the perfect game for relaxing with Halloween vibes.-A bunch ofchallenging and creative puzzlesto keep you scratching your head (or looking for help)-Environments and character-design are beautiful and immersive, and graphics were way ahead of their time.-Remastered graphics and lighting is very well-done and looks fantastic.-Lots of great easter-eggs, achievements and jokes throughout the whole game.Easilyworth full price.10 out of 10If I had to describe the game in one word, funnily enough it would be ""happiness""An incredible experience that I revisit on a regular basis."
76561198061905928,Not Recommended,316790,29077380,Posted: 6 January,all,came back the very next day,"This game has not aged well. Revered as a classic, as it was one of the last in the golden age of adventure games. But the puzzles are mind-numbingly illogical and tedious, relying on so much pixel-hunting and lets-put-random-things-together-ing that was the thorn in this genre's side. Lots of Nostalgia, some great characters and voice-acting, but this is no Day Of The Tentacle. If you want an old-school game that's fun and hilarious, AND has challenging but logical and fair puzzles, pick up DOTT instead. Best-in-class."
76561197974582820,Not Recommended,316790,29668386,Posted: 3 February,all,Hoksu,"Yeah, I know. A game that's considered one of the best games ever and I'm giving it a negative. Really breaks my heart and all. I'd possibly give it a ""mixed"" if that was possible but it's not.The ""remastered"" part doesn't amount to much, other than the slightly improved character models it looks every bit like a game from 1998. The game is riddled with bugs, Manny got stuck countless times, in the forest interacting with the wheelbarrow caused Manny to disappear, and so on. After a while I started saving all the time because I could never know when I'd need to reload an earlier save because the game went into softlock. Many of the puzzle solutions are utterly illogical, I solved a lot of them simply by trial and error (i.e. picking a random item to interact with a random world item/NPC) and even after solving it the solution made no sense. Not all of them, many of them can be completed with logical  deduction and by paying attention to dialogue, but a lot of them are just random. Which isn't very good in a game where the gameplay consists entirely of solving puzzles.The setting is unique and memorable, the story, characters (even though I sometimes wished Glottis would stfu, lol) and dialogue deliver. Sadly the bugs and poor gameplay ruin it. The fact that you'd get a far better experience by watching it on Youtube than playing it yourself is a very sad state of affairs for a video game."
,Recommended,316790,25135380,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,QuadraticPizza,Brilliant
,Not Recommended,316790,28847669,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,acidsbeats,"Too buggy to play. Got to the petrified forest and can no longer do *anything*. Directional arrows won't work, can't get out of areas, puzzles aren't working correctly. I bascially just threw away money. I literally can't play it. Anyone know how I can get a refund?It's a funny game, for the parts I managed to get through, the dialog is amusing and the characters are fun, it would've been a great game if I could actually...play it. :/"
,Recommended,316790,14716677,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,interferens,"The remaster of Grim Fandango doesn't change the fact that some of the puzzles have frustratingly far-fetched solutions. There could have been a few somewhat more detailed ""What if I had a..?"" type of clues. The logic is often similar to that in earlier games like Day of the Tentacle and Sam & Max Hit the Road, but maybe the less whacky atmosphere of Grim Fandango doesn't invite to the same kind of lateral thinking.But, by all means, use a walkthrough when necessary. Puzzle solving is one of the lesser rewards of the game, so no need to be ashamed if you have to use a little help when you find yourself banging your head against something and want to get back to enjoying the story – because that's what the game is about: the storytelling, the characters and all the artwork, voice acting and music that make up the atmosphere of Grim Fandango are truly wonderful.As an enhanced release, I find it worth the cost. I have tried playing it with various mods but never gotten into it on more modern hardware as I did when it was first released and played on a 15"" CRT monitor. It still shows its age, but not in any annoying ways. Also, two thumbs up for the addition of more control methods."
76561198070749646,Recommended,316790,14734356,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,tempesteclipse,This game definaltely aspires to be one of the most exciting games to ever be released. Way back to the golden age of 1998 where almost all the best games ever to have their eyes layed upon began to surface this was the ultimate adventure.
76561197963678685,Recommended,316790,14729801,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PRISON MIKE,fantastic. a game worth dropping the soap over. It's the belle of the ball.
76561197983146698,Recommended,316790,14193635,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheNukedGamer,"My favorite game of all time without a doubt! They did a fantastic job remastering it. All the textures looks very nice, clear and the cinematics looks much less grainy. You can tell they wanted to maintain the old charm of the game by not totally remaking the graphics and that you can still play with the ""Tank"" controls!"
,Recommended,316790,14193256,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,gon,Timeless classic. Enough said.
,Recommended,316790,14197873,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Robble,My favourite game of all time.
,Recommended,316790,14409468,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Benoitfan321,Best. Puzzle Game.EVER....... nuff'said. Highly recommened to use a walkthrough though.
76561198112820423,Recommended,316790,15741247,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,reinventedsky,"Grim Fandango remains Tim Schafer's magnus opus in the adventure game genre. One of the most fully realised worlds, replete with Mexican folklore and an endearing cast of characters, its enduring legacy remains one of cultural influence. Schafer's writing masterfully runs the gamut of nostalgic film noir, black comedy and even references to the old Beat movement. This remastered version's fruits are arguably a few aesthetic tweaks - but why fix something that isn't broke? For those interested in the genre's history before it was revitalised by The Walking Dead franchise, Grim Fandango is an essential retread of time."
76561197960868317,Recommended,316790,26949323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Luffy^- Skyjaskokkari,That game every one shoold play.
,Not Recommended,316790,30402312,Posted: 8 March,all,ryanxj9000,"I'm a little surprised I ended up not liking this game (being a LucasArts classic), and not being able to recommend it. I never played it when it first came out because the new (at the time) 3D graphics turned me off. I was already spoiled by classics like the first two Monkey Island games, Maniac Mansion and it's sequel, and even Full Throttle. Now I finally got around to playing this, and it is just meh.The controls are not great, and there are some game mechanics that make the already illogical puzzle solutions even worse. In year two (out of 4) there is one point where an object you need is sitting right in between three other characters, so when your cursor is over it, you would never even notice that it is a separate object (apart from the characters) that you can interact with. Also, There is another puzzle which has an object you can encounter early on in year two, but nothing happens if you mess with it, so you're like ""OK this does nothing,"" but it is actually needed way later at the end of year two. However, you would never think to go back and interact with it again because of your previous experience with it.In conclusion, there are weird game mechanics, faulty design, an ok (not great) story, and a bug in the laatest version that makes my video card run very hot, and very illogical puzzle solutions (a walkthrough is much needed), that make me not want to recommend this. I'm going to finish it with a walkthrough just to do it, but I'm already not having fun any more. It started out good in year one, but year two is whatevers. I just started year three..EDIT: I finished it, with a LOT of help from a walkthrough, and the puzzles get even worse. It's frustrating. Solutions you would NEVER think of because you have no reason to ever think of them. If anyone finished this game without a walkthrough it's because they tried every inventory object on every environment object. This shows very poor game design. Also navigating around is wonky as hell. Bad controls, waiting for Manny to walk a virtual mile on-screen constantly just to ""look"" at an object, etc. I hated this game by the time I finished it."
,Recommended,316790,15734781,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Sam,This is my favorite game in the world.
,Recommended,316790,21045458,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,☭Teb☭,"I have always had a weird admiration for Death, The Grim Reaper, Fourth Horseman. If I looked good in black eye-liner I would have been Goth or Emo in middle school. I used to think Darksiders 2 would be the best option out there for me to play as a reaper of souls, this game proved me wrong. Let me just say that I do not have the intelligence, time or attention span to enjoy playing point and click games like this where you have to figure out what to do, luckly thanks to IGN's walkthroughs I can still appriciate the great story and acting of this game. I know i'm weird, maybe that's why the goth kids liked me."
,Recommended,316790,16552576,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Presus,"Awesome game, even if it`s an old game, still had a lot of fun playing it again!"
76561198349147031,Recommended,316790,29151395,Posted: 9 January,all,SavageSausage1,"Great Game, not easy."
,Recommended,316790,15803174,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Sonpau,"This is a very good game, old but very good."
76561198201549835,Recommended,316790,32716235,Posted: 24 June,all,Paula deen,goof
76561198066124592,Recommended,316790,15734937,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Captain Gingerbeard,"Grim Fandango is a witty, charming game, with a beautiful Noir atmosphere with a well paced story. Without spoiling anything, the game is set into 4 parts, each of which will set you exploring completely different areas, with increasingly difficult puzzles, and a deeper and addictive story. Grim Fandango does have some puzzles which are more difficult in certain areas, but even with that, the game isn't impossible to solve, especially when you think about each puzzle logically. Grim Fandango is an outanding game, and one of the best games in it's genre. I highly reccomend this game.You can't hide from the Grim Reaper. Especially when he's got a gun."
76561198078784788,Recommended,316790,23058206,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,mafalda_157,All those years later and this game is still as delightful as ever! A true classic.
,Recommended,316790,33513186,Posted: 13 July,all,CaramK,Yes. Just… Yes. ¿Si?
,Recommended,316790,33190806,Posted: 3 July,all,Daasaced,"I Love this game for what it's been from the beginning. I don't find a great improvement from the remaster, it could have been better"
76561198156607636,Recommended,316790,22016991,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,LilP5ych0,THIS GAME IS SO DAMN CRYPTIC!!! 11/10 would use a IGN guide again.
,Recommended,316790,21885639,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,edikoisi,Remaster of a masterpiece!
76561198263564260,Recommended,316790,21748650,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rusty Shackelford,Classic game.
76561198155525167,Recommended,316790,21847631,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,torpidPhantasm,....I don't wanna mess up my blade.
,Recommended,316790,32878317,Posted: 27 June,all,4cat.rpm,Despues de esta aventura no volvere a ver las calaveras de la misma manera
,Recommended,316790,16979495,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Draconis🐊,"An utterly amazing classic adventure game getting the rerelease it deserves. However as fantastic as this game is. It only serves to show just how far Doublfine has fallen with cancelled early access honeypots like Space Base DF9 and the bloated budget money hole mess which was Broken Age.In short, play Grim Fandango and/or Psychonaughts but stray no further lest ye despair."
,Recommended,316790,17844642,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Zer0,must have if you like to laugh. james bond of the dead meets a grim fate: P
76561198197817181,Recommended,316790,33016293,Posted: 29 June,all,Parlak Oğlan,GÖRDÜĞÜ EN İYİ OYUN
76561198160355054,Recommended,316790,15621809,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bobbers,This game is rad.
,Recommended,316790,15603780,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RussianGF,Fan of Noir? BUY THIS GAME Have a Sense of Humor? BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,316790,15511494,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Low Resolution Dog,bone tiddies
,Recommended,316790,15557151,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,gearzih,OP game
76561198119324683,Recommended,316790,15573465,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,joriver69,It's Grim Fandango.
,Not Recommended,316790,26535981,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TheNippyOne,"I have always loved this game, the art style and soundtrack make it very enjoyable to play.Having said that, this version keeps crashing. I am having to restart the game quite frequently. Makes me a little sad.I would recommend this game when it runs properly but unfortunately at the moment i am unable to play it for any length of time due to the frustration."
76561198072026241,Recommended,316790,28745146,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Maybe
76561198041034584,Recommended,316790,25643332,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pickle Riiiiick,"I played this game as  a kid when it cam out at the end of the 90s. Now I'm thirty and played it again. I still knew every puzzle after over 15 years.You know what? This game had all the stuff we loved in LucasArts adventures: great characters, brilliant writing, awesome voice acting, but especially: puzzles which actually made sense! I cannot stress how bad today's adventures are compared to this milestone. Sure, Deponia has better graphics and stuff, but some of their puzzles are just mindblowingly horrendous.Get this game if you don't mind some weird controls and some old graphics. The story is beautiful and the characters lovely. This is how adventures should be made."
76561198156174965,Not Recommended,316790,27905616,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ablidbob,"Parece ser um bom jogo, parece mesmo. Mas trava direto e não tem autosave. Então já viu, né? Só dor de cabeça.Se puder, jogue a versão clássica. Esse remaster tem muitos bugs."
,Recommended,316790,24212113,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AidsIhave,Do yourself a favor and play this game.
76561198049724342,Recommended,316790,24220183,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lakebasic,11/10
,Recommended,316790,20797186,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8.5/10 TJBs
,Recommended,316790,18792720,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,___,"A great game made by the story legend; Tim Schafer. The first segments are excellent, but unfortunately it starts to fall short when you get to the boat.8/10Wouldn't play again, because I don't really like these kinds of games."
,Recommended,316790,29177259,Posted: 10 January,all,fuckhead,"Still one of my favorites of all time. And the remastering is a nice polishing up -- if you haven't played this yet, SHAME. Go play it now.""NOW"", I SAID!"
,Recommended,316790,21972357,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Pacman's Gran Fury,"A fitting end to LucasArts adventure games (stand alone stuff, since Monkey Island 4 is the de facto last game). Superb voice acting, beautifuly written story, outstanding soundtrack and great visuals.The game itself might frustrate the younger players who never played the old school point & click games. The puzzles make very little sense most of the time. Yet, the story is so great, the characters so lovely that you'll enjoy the game anyway.Too bad there's no more games this well written anymore."
,Recommended,316790,28904767,Posted: 1 January,all,cl1nt,"This game got it all, maybe the best game ever made.Play it."
,Recommended,316790,28898388,Posted: 1 January,all,Brandon4108,"One of the top five aventure games of all time,"
,Recommended,316790,25401870,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Foreverseeking,"The game would have been an easy 10/10 back in the day, and after all these years it's still a worthy play and highly enjoyable. This remake however really does the bare minimum to be called a remake. This is not a Monkey Island remake. All of the scenes are 100% exactly the same as the original, only the character models have had a slight upgrade with a new lighting system. Still, the original had good enough graphics and fantastic music and voice acting so it's still highly playable. However, Some of the puzzles are really abstract. Looking back at when I first played this (before finding guides on the internet was a thing) I must have spent ages just trying stuff out until it worked. It's not easy, but the problem is it's not always logical. Still most of the puzzles are... and if nothing else, it's genuinely funny and well written. Give it a go!"
76561198048889794,Not Recommended,316790,16750620,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Certified Smartass,"A great game locked behind bugs and some very old art.  Only a couple hours in and I've already had to backtrack to old saves because I get stuck in an area with an odd camera angle and I cannot move or do any action.  I would really like to enjoy this game but these problems really destroy the immersion and enjoyablility.  Furthermore, the graphics feel very old and outdated. This is hardly a remastery, more like a bug-riddled, repackaged money grab."
76561197970400521,Not Recommended,316790,16800362,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,notquiteapcguru,"I feel like this game is more for people who have nostalgia about the original.  I don't.  Despite some good creative writing and minor graphical upgrades this game is mediocre.I realize that the original game may have felt amazing for the period.  It just doesn't feel that way now.  Why didn't they take the time to build in an auto save feature?  Why does this game lag so badly when games like the Witcher 3 run really well on ultra on my PC?  Honestly, I hit the beaver dam; the fire extinguisher somehow locked up the game and I lost about an hour of play time.At any rate, if it ever hits sub $5.00 go ahead and buy it; otherwise just wait and play something great in the mean time.  If you really want a feel for how much time they didn't spend upgrading it, check out the ""we didn't bother with auto-save!"" warning.  I should have requested a refund right then."
76561198007101760,Not Recommended,316790,17513316,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ludophil,"Heard such great things about this game, has an interesting storyline, but the point-and-click style, apply item C to location 15, gameplay wasn't worth it."
76561198041915022,Not Recommended,316790,18199536,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Vee,"So first of all - Grim Fandango is a really great game... that is if you're into point and click adventures.After playing through this one (regarded as the greatest one of them all) I finally admit that this genre is really not for me. The game is put together really well, the PC port is exemplary great, knowing [GF] comes from PlayStation one (fun fact-default native resolution on PSOne 320*240).I really enjoyed the story and the crafting of the characters (Gladus was the reason I pushed through with the game) they are really really funny and quite distinct I might add.Now to the puzzles - some of them were so-Soo-SOOO convoluted that one needs a walkthrough doc just to get through it in a timely manner. There were some spots that I was trying to solve it my own way: but then - ""nope you've gotta do it the way designers wanted"". And suddenly gameplay boilds down to trying everything with everything: ""you on you and also with you"" - that was the part I really hate in adventure games. Hence the not recommended. If this seems like fun for you thgouh, you might enjoy  Grim Fandango as it is a really well put together little adventure."
76561198009812763,Not Recommended,316790,18962150,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,~Wynter~,"If you enjoyed it the first time it came out, you'll love this.  If you don't have 'nostalgia goggles', it's a mess of hard-to-solve -without-a-walkthrough puzzles & walking from one side of the gameverse all the way to the otherside of the gameverse, then back again.  It's a funny game, but it's not a fun game."
76561198128767941,Not Recommended,316790,19109681,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,*EVIL*Beaver_Cleaver,"BUGGY AS♥♥♥♥♥♥.. seriously, I loved this game originally, bought the remastered edition and I'm just being peppered by glitch after glitch, some of them are show stoppers.I've never been more disappointed. This is terrible, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY FIX THE BUGS."
,Not Recommended,316790,19136534,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Juggen,"Windows 7 x64, i5-2500K, Radeon 290X and the game doesn't run. Buy on your own risk. The game itself is a splendid point-and-click game, maybe one of the best ever, so too bad they messed the remastered version up badly."
,Not Recommended,316790,19959152,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CeleryGrapes,"When you see the ""double fine"" logo as the game is loading, be aware that it is the only thing you will see in HD in this ""remaster"".I bought this a while back for £5 and felt ripped off and got a refund... I bought it again in this sale now for £2, which is more in standing with what this ""remaster"" is worth.I would not recommend this product, ... This guy needs to learn from Capcom how to do a remaster that looks effective (or better yet, look at ODDWORLD NEW AND TASTY!!), and not just count on the name of a product to sell for nostalgia sake. The time should have been taken to REMAKE this game like the Monkey Island 1 and 2 remakes. From the point of view of a consumer, i just see this Grim version as lazy, and nothing new over the origional 2 disc set save for a higher resolution Manny, which im pretty sure, one could have modded for the game oneself if the inclination was there. For instance... after a tiny amount of searching I discovered this""https://vimeo.com/116657854""someones random ""fan art"" made in the Unreal 4 Engine... there is no excuse as to why an official remastering of this game didn't look anywhere near as good as this.Make no mistake... I think Grim Fandango is possibly one of the best games ever made, which is why its sad to see it not get the treatment it deserves.Double Fine.... please look at the oddworld remake, the monkey island remake, and ask yourself why you thought this product was good enough? Again to point outhttps://vimeo.com/116657854.. this is what you should have released, but it seems some random guy put more effort into making your game look beautiful than you guys could be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to."
76561198000650560,Not Recommended,316790,20337290,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,frackattack,"There is no rhyme or reason to the things you have to do to progress in this game. I got stuck very early on and had to look through a walkthrough. After doing so, I don't know how anyone could figure out how to solve these puzzles, either because they wouldn't have made intuitive sense or because I never could have known it was possible to interact with the objects I was required to use.I never played the original so I don't know what parts of this game have been ""remastered"" but an on-screen inventory would have made a huge amount of difference. I thought those were standard in point-and-clicks. But here I have to open this dude's jacket, manually scroll through the inventory one by one until I find the item I want, equip it, then click on the item I want to use it with, then click the menu option for the two objects to interact. What, that didn't work? Ok let's settle in for another half hour of this. What, the object I was supposed to use with it wasn't even clickable?The story and characters are wonderful and I almost want to finish the game just so I can see it all play out, but realistically it would just me looking back and forth between the screen and a walkthrough from start to finish. Watch a playthough to get the story, there's no point in actually purchasing this."
,Not Recommended,316790,21335638,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,reivilojemsa,"A real stinker for me, probably one of the worst point-and-click game I ever played to. I know it won awards, even Game of the Year but getting to the end was a real chore. The story is ok, may be, it would make a nice little movie, but the game is painful to play to. The puzzles make no sense and the whole game is very buggy and feels flawed. I remember hating the game 15 years ago for its controls and giving up, but even with the new controls it's a very mediocre game to me, especially when we have much better point-and-click games nowadays like The book of Unwritten tales or Deponia. I see everywhere praises and good reviews fort this game and this is what led me to pay 15 euros for it because I love adventutre games, but I really don't get the hype and now I have finished it I miss my money. Can't wait for the remake of DOT to finally play a Tim Schaffer game I love."
76561197988114896,Not Recommended,316790,16097033,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,creept,i've always knew and wanted to play this legend. and I was very excited to get it remastered finally. but unfortunately......this piece of junk won't even start on my rig which is far more better than the specs required!and i am supposed to dig up googles and forums for a solution?!no!! to valve and lazy developers out there; if the game is not ready then don't release it. work day and night and fix all the bugs reported.to hell with all this. i'm uninstalling...ps: i hope enough people read and like this post so that valve and developers take action in the future...ps2: damn! steam won't evet let me write a review claiming that i played only 1 minute! this must be a grim fandango joke!
76561198012004233,Not Recommended,316790,16779309,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DraganMilicevic,"As much as I love the game. There isn't mch remastered about this one. It looks and feels the same. Can't compare it to the remastered monkey island games. But the worst about it is, that it's bugged really bad. Dialogues skip on their own from time to time, and at first the game didn't want to launch it's own. So please leave out the ""remastered"". It's only irritating"
,Not Recommended,316790,17034422,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,kptmail,I only recommend the game if you have never played Grim Fandango.To buy the game simply because of this remastering is frankly... lame. It's rather embarrasing as the only thing that appears to be remastered were the 3d characters themselves.  The backgrounds and cinematics were left untouched.  When I think remastered I feel the entire game should be remade to be updated.  Homeworld provides an excellent standard for which all games should attempt. It's a shame this wasn't done to its fullest extent.
76561197962951287,Not Recommended,316790,18315663,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mutt,"I used to love adventure games, but I think my nostalgia got the best of me on this one.  Interesting to see how far we've come since those days, but I don't know if I will finish this."
76561198273022015,Not Recommended,316790,20362899,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,FadedUniverse95,"I really want to play this game, but after a few monents of clicking around in the opening level and it freezes and I need to restart my computer"
,Not Recommended,316790,20609970,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Princess Thunderballs,"horrible, wish I could get a refund."
76561198047286746,Not Recommended,316790,21001161,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,asdfkj,Oh my gosh!! i saw so many good reviews and its totaly boring.I cant get past the beginning.There is a sence of magic though. As soon as you open it your mind fills with regret and ur fingers start to itch. DAm its closed again.Well done u ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! u stoll my cash online! i thought it only happened in the movies.....
,Not Recommended,316790,21066640,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Hetzer,"I haven't heard about this game until the remastered version was realease. After I completed the main story, I must say its an interesting, but fault game.While the characters and the story are perfect (and some of the best comedy in a video game I've ever heard), its still not very good, and the main cause is the gameplay. Levels are confusing and unclear, the camera is fixed, the graphics are still badly rendered (even with the remastered) and some of the puzzles are a nightmare to solve. I had to use a walkthrough guide to find most of the solutions. Like Myst 3 Exile (another point and click adventure from 2001) time hasn't been kind to Grim Fandango, I suppose its worth playing for the laughs, but nothing else really."
76561198141251809,Not Recommended,316790,16907356,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,char565,"It's in my opinion is a hardcore puzzle adventure game, the voice acting is of course very good, but as a adventure game,  i dont feel very rewarding by complete the puzzles and the story in general is predictble as its clearly a noir movie style game,the puzzles are not as rational as you can be, some i find impossible to come up with my mind if without any guide,and at some point the object to click is very hard to notice. thus i just want to say that this is maybe not for everyone,even, its for a small portion of the general gamers."
,Not Recommended,316790,17039425,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BOT Finn,"This ""Remastered"" version is a cynical cash grab. The only thing they did is a pretty sloppy character texture work. Other than that they added a bunch of game-crippling bugs. Some of those will make you completely stuck. Have fun replaying everything since the last save.Example: Use the Schyphe in a room - can no longer get out of the room. Looking at a cart with rocks will make your character dissapear from the screen and clicking anything will get you ""too far to reach"".How can you possibly ""remaster"" to make things worse that the original?"
76561197984842048,Not Recommended,316790,17567526,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BarrelRoll,The game is broken. I'm stuck on the mechanical tree thingy in the forest. FIX IT PLEASE!!!
76561198047639555,Not Recommended,316790,17995146,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,lopossumi,"Game keeps crashing & no auto-save feature. Would ask for a refund, but 3 hours of gametime had already passed."
76561198030367984,Not Recommended,316790,18621709,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ExaltedDuck,"I'm playing the Linux version, or trying to anyway, and after this game has been out for about 9 monhts.  I got as far as the flaming beavers (about 90 minutes into the game) and a scripted event is stalling, preventing progress past this point.  I feel kind of ripped off."
,Not Recommended,316790,19034892,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,bozar,The Remastered Version doesn't work well on Windows 10 for me. The game just froze when playing the opening animation (just before a paper roll is going to pop out from a tube). I have to turn off the laptop manually and restart the sytem. I can't even play it for one minute. :(
76561197968718877,Not Recommended,316790,20216358,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EurthoKH14,Game consistently freezes after 30 seconds.
76561198138761721,Not Recommended,316790,20342552,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Devourer of Worlds,"It does not make sense.The story does not make sense and the puzzles don't make sense.The voice acting is good, the art is interesting. Thats it.If you like the art /style than go watch someone else play through this game on youtube.You don't need to play it yourself because as a game it sucks.I feel the need to back up my remarks with examples.**** **** SPOILERS **** ****At one point in the game your in this place and the people there wont let you leave.Why?They wont let you leave because your the only one who can access the business data.Why do you have access?Because your an employee of the business.Got it! That makes sense :)     ....no, no, wait.Your NOT an employee there anymore. You were fired in the scene befor this one.Not an employee, so no access, so your useless to these people, ...so... why are you being keeped there??Rubbish story.One of a number of examples I could give.The worst one I can think of was when some guy gives you a mop.Cool now I have a mop, I could use the mop handle to pry something open or I could... wait... wait... what...?Why is the screen going black? ...and why is it saying the words ""one year later""???So by holding a mop I was taking a job??...what??...and now I'v lost a year.After that I did not want to pick up the key to open the door. Was I going to become a locksmith and lose another year or two?It was one of the dumbest moments I'v ever seen in gaming.That and the bit where you take 'the key to hell' use it to open 'the gate to hell' and there you find... nothing, you find nothing. You just move on to the next random place for no reason. Then you find some old guy with a lighthouse and start talking about where you can park the car (hell is never mentioned again)        *facepalm*It's like they have the scenes in the wrong order or maybe they cut some scenes out and didn't think about what it would do to the story.It's not just the story the puzzles are rubbish too.For the puzzles you will be reading some other guys walkthrough online. You can't figure it out because it does not make sense.But then why read a walkthrough, if your going to do that than why not just watch some other guy playing the game on youtube?and if your doing that then why buy it?So don't buy it.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,316790,20458515,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tockz,"Beautiful voice acting, wonderful dialog, fun characters, and great plot are ruined by bloated and ineffective code. Consequently, your system may rock on Portal 2 or Half-Life 2... but not readily accomodate GFR.For example, the .mp3's don't play very well on standard low end devices because of variable, high bit rates and and 48k sample rates. Movies are so laggy that I had to port them over to Linux and watch them with VLC - where they ran fine. Open GL implementation requires higher end hardware.That being said, it's a very cute story and worth working through if you like this type of game. It's been on sale lately and lack of playability may have lead to that."
,Not Recommended,316790,17993782,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,JohnnyErr,"Good story,♥♥♥♥♥♥game.If the puzzle items aren't just obscure they're hidden stupidly well, either with♥♥♥♥♥♥modelling or the bad cusor prompts. Running around looking for them is frustratingly slow. They also didn't bother adding autosave which takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥when you get a game breaking bug. If this is remastered, I don't want to see the original.Also I gave money to Tim Schafer to play this, feels bad.My advice: just watch a playthrough instead."
,Not Recommended,316790,20498989,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,helgilh,"Gave this a negative only for the fact that i did not enjoy it. Must be a spoiled brat ;) If you like puzzles and figuring weird stuff out by yourself, or alt-tabbing to search your next move every 2 minutes then this is a game for you! :)"
,Recommended,316790,26371795,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kritik Hit,Thank you doublefine!
76561198215141729,Recommended,316790,30819494,Posted: 29 March,all,Zpokiie,The music is amazing and its the best game ever btw
,Recommended,316790,34136999,Posted: 9 August,all,Silumanati,"The writing is amazing. Worth every penny you'll spend on it. If you're looking for a world to throw yourself into for a few hours in a day, can't recommend this game more."
,Recommended,316790,26679942,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Im full,"What an outstanding game, its a classic for a reason. Great story diologe and overall amazing game."
,Recommended,316790,22079591,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tharos infinitum,Great story. I do feel like since this was a remastered edition it should have been more fine-tuned as far as controls go. Would recommend.
,Recommended,316790,22169132,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Convenient Spider,This game is art. A perfect game for October and Day of the Dead.
76561197985886147,Recommended,316790,14229669,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,O gato ou o Quico?,"The first lines of dialogue on my natural language (brazilian portuguese) just sold me and was enough to hold me back for hour after hour of play. I can't recommend this game enough! Grim Fandango is the best adventure game out there, and there's nothing (right now) able to beat it. The way the game develops around characters, the story, the believeable world after death and the possibility of crime in after life are so well and amazingly told that you'll believe it'll happen when all of us pass way.Grim Fandango is a rich game, full of content and dialogue, which is where the game really shines. Every piece of conversation is like finding a hidden treasure. You get sucked in this world and it evolves you, not letting you get out, 'till you finish it, only wanting more and wondering about what might have happened to every character you meet along your journey.The puzzles are clever and some of them will make you squeeze your brain, for example, one puzzle requires you to find out a ""password"" to deliever a ticket, and the solution of that ""password"" is so logical, yet so hard and self demanding of your intuition and attention along the game, that you'll get a smile the size of the moon after you discover it. A warning, if I might say: Grim Fandango's puzzles are hard, but they are all logical and you can find the solution of all of them without external help, they are in the game and the game demands your attention and intuition to solve and it's so damn satisfying when you do it. Despite some ""professionals"" out there saying that to play it you'll need a walkthrough with you, I'm telling you they are out fo their minds, or may have totaly forgot how an adventure game should really be.Moving along, Grim is a piece of art that belongs to the ages, it's a fictional yet so ""real"" crime-noir game, that makes one feel there's actualy after life for us all. It's one of those things that are hard to explain with words, you have to do it! It's like driving a car, riding a bicycle downhill, or feeling the sea air, it doesn't matter how much someone explains to you how it feels, you just have to do it to really know it. And Grim is a game that invites you in with its looks and music, and you won't know how amazing it is, if you don't play it.Now, talking about the Remastered edition  itself, I just can say this: it's freakin awesome! There's a lot of hard work behind this game. Despite some dated background visuals it manages to gain your attention with other elements: the story, the characters and the world itself. Gameplay is as good as it ever was (altough some complained about tank controls, the devs ""fixed"" it by adding mouse play, which is totally an option, since tank is the right way to go).The lighting and shadows effects are really well done, some flaws here and there, but you can see the the whole team took a really good effort to polish whatever they could and made the game present really well to the player.As a good remastered game, it could not come without developer commentary and Grim is full of it. So many details, so much more story and curiosities that every adventure gamer would love to hear it.And the flaws? Well, there are some: the high-poly characters, sometimes, seem to not belong to the world. Knowing that the backgrounds weren't redone, some of them aged really bad, so the new looks of the characters look out of place. Also, the game comes with no auto-save system, which by todays standards is mandatory, it doesn't make the game unplayabe or unbearable, but it could be there. And, the biggest flaw (not sure if it's a flaw) is that the game unfortunately ends, leaving you with the eager to know what happened next and what everyone in the Grim's World did or have done with his/her life.Grim Fandango is a gem, I mean an ultra rare gem along a world full of empty and meaningless games, it's a lesson on how an adventure game should be and what a pretty good story really is and should be told. Even those who dislike adventure games or don't care about the genre will find joy in this game, and for this low price it deserves at least a play.Grab it, and you won't regreat!"
,Recommended,316790,14238333,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,reelweezerfish,"This game never deserved to be buried in time like it was.  Grim Fandango was the pinnacle of amazing art direction coupled with the most unique and captivating story that only someone like Tim Schafer could create.  This game, unlike most games created years ago, holds up extremely well and will no doubt attract new fans of this genre.  For $15, I can't recommend this game enough!  The length alone is well worth the money honestly, because you will find yourself just marveling at the world around you.  If there is any fault to be found, I suppose camera angles and controls can be frustrating in certain areas, but they present no problem in the entirety of the game. I'd say if I were so score this game, it'd be a 9.5/10.  Buy it and fall in love!"
76561198017596215,Recommended,316790,14249413,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Prison Mike,"It's a remake of the classic and has great and funny humor in this game. If I were to rate it on a scale to 1 to 10, I would give it a 9.3/10. I've encountered some glitches and it would make it easier if you autosave because some people forget to actually save. But overall, the game is great."
,Recommended,316790,14298563,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Decktor,"Grim Fandango is one of the best adventure games I've played, that said it always had control problems that almost made it unplayable.This new version finally lets you control the main character with a mouse the way a Point-N'-Click adventure is supposed to be played, allows the game to run on modern systems, and also upgrades the character models/lighting.The downside is that the pre-rendered backgrounds are exactly the same as they were in the late 90's, which gives the whole game a ""half baked attempt"" feeling.If the backgrounds were touched up just a bit this would have been an amazing remake to a great classic, as it is it's a bit disappointing but still very worth playing."
,Recommended,316790,14331471,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GhostHead84,"A great game and a personal favourite, with the updated controls it's a joy to play but gamers that never played it back in the day might be put off by some of the more puzzling puzzles.  Luckily there are plenty of guides out there to let you know what to do with the balloons filled with packing foam.  Great art style, great new controls, funny dialogue and a great story."
76561198013424448,Recommended,316790,14249171,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Space Sloth,I recommend this game. Its fun and funny. Only one down side i can think of is some of the objectives dont tell you what to do so u have to run around and figure it out. BUT i still have fun doing that!
76561197971746637,Recommended,316790,14288444,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,linux_l,Classic
,Recommended,316790,14298780,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,voldemorten,"I love the fact that they remastered this game! I remember playing it when I was a teen and it was equally fun to play it now almost 17 years later... Not just is the graphics enhanced but I encountered no bugs, and they really made it extra fun with the Achievement challenges. It really brought back memories of a game loved by countless players and which received universal acclaim for artistry and storyline.A game worthy of being owned and played!"
76561197986997797,Recommended,316790,14305867,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,snakestealth24,"A true old school point and click adventure game remastered the right way. FIrst time playing but I love the story, characters, humor and Noire style in this unique take on what happens after death. For less than 20 bucks this is a real gem and a steal. For those who aren't too good at puzzles there are walkthroughs and let's plays so you can still enjoy."
,Recommended,316790,14319015,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Nostromo,game is good doesn't waste special ceremonial bread
76561198029772756,Recommended,316790,14344019,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,jani,Cool game with puzzles that requires logic that nobody has! :) Rather hard to find the solutions you really need to think and - to be honest - try a lot. The world is amazing the story is good so everything together to spend hours with this game.For me it was bit unstable and the game just quited to the desktop. Fortunately restarting from a previous game always helped.
,Recommended,316790,14344285,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mik_is_sick,"This game may be a little frayed around the edges; but then again so am I, and I've got fewer suits"
76561198209188356,Recommended,316790,14396307,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,reza.op,"I have just finished it and I already miss the great Jazzy/Art Deco/Casablanca athmosphere of the game! I liked everything about that game, it's absolutely a must have."
,Recommended,316790,14225189,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hot Sax,Game started working becuase magic. Still check you CPU's and GPU's openGL support.
,Recommended,316790,14238272,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,stewg2006,Still a great game after all those years... works great on my windows 8.1 system....
76561198044430099,Recommended,316790,14262296,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,bushinberto,"One of my favorite games of all time. I will never forget the first time I played through this gem, and now everyone can give it a shot. Hopefully all new players will enjoy it as much as I did. Thank you Double Fine for re-releasing this game so I can relive the experience."
76561198043183734,Recommended,316790,14276945,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,IronBear,"Even in HD Grim Fandango is from an era of games from which the products haven't graphically aged all that well, and it shows. It's an old school adventure game with a few quirky puzzles and a lot of brilliant ones. All the bad aging aside, it still stands -after all these years- strikingly uncontested in sheer charm and originality. You have the overall Mexican Day of the Dead/film noir cocktail world and story. Then there's the rock n'roll hot rod-riding demon, the submarine-armoured giant octopus, the fake make-up manly jaw and the main hero who smokes. The list could go on; the game's so unique it's impossible to copy, you can only clone and here it is. Tim Schafer really only competes with himself with imaginativeness in games industry."
76561197997361443,Recommended,316790,14301132,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,khalidahm,"ah the memories, love thiss game, now Im waiting for the curse of monkey island and escape of monkey Island remastered. Lucas Arts I salute you for a game that has stood the test of nearly 2 decades and still fun."
,Recommended,316790,14279470,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,NatalyCreates,"Grim Fandango is a game that tells a beautiful, funny, dramatic story. You'll remember the characters for a long time after playing, even the minor ones, thanks to the superb dialog lines and voice acting. The world feels real and vivid. I've played it many times since it first came out, using ResidualVM to play the original on newer machines (but it still crashed a lot), and I was very excited to play the remaster.The remaster has improved some things (most noticeably the character models and controls), but really this game is just a gem in its original form, and now it runs smoothly on new computers.It does have some problems:- The new point and click interface is great, but you miss out on some fun lines since you can't ""Examine"" doors or ""Pick Up"" people. Nothing major or important to the story, and I can see why they chose this for the doors at least. I actually prefer the tank controls.- Commentary doesn't auto-play and you need to look carefully to find all the clips in a certain scene. I much preferred the method chosen in the Monkey Island remake, where each scene had only one long audio clip (and it auto-played too).- Not all the art is (or seems to be?) updated, so sometimes the backgrounds seem a bit low quality, as well as some of the cutscenes. I think the game was very good looking in the original as well, so I don't mind, but the new character models can clash with the backgrounds.- Some puzzles can be confusing and it can be unclear what to do (they made no changes to this in the remaster). I advise using the UHS guide if you're stuck, since it spoils the experience much less than a walkthrough. But I think most of the puzzles are quite well designed, and not too hard if you're familiar with some other games in the genre.These problems are no reason not to experience this story first hand. Play on a big screen with the volume turned up, and immerse yourself in this adventure!"
,Recommended,316790,14458169,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sweetz,"A gem that has dulled over time, but is still a rare and precious thing."
,Recommended,316790,14222152,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Charles,I used a scythe to scoop a metal detector out of a giant litter box.
,Recommended,316790,14222346,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fwiller,Like adventure games? Don't skip this game.Haven't played an adventure game before? Start here.I cannot recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,316790,14225572,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,doubtingapostle,Thank you for putting this game out on a stable format. I played through the whole thing; it's a little buggy here and there but it's the smoothest build of the game I've ever played (in 1998 I had to update my RAM to play it on my computer). It looks great and I loved the commentary. This is a huge deal. I can't wait to play this with my wife. Thanks again.
,Recommended,316790,14249645,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Vertinove,"When it comes to adventure games, this is THE adventure game. Seriously though, why haven't you bought it yet?"
76561198042941761,Recommended,316790,14251436,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Betelman,"Still just as funny as ever.The remastering rounded off some of the edges and smoothed out the 3d characters. and i've noticed some tweeks in animation and a few added FX. It stll stays true to the original.Also, its still in square screen mode but a border was added for people who don't like black bars. There is an option for widescreen but it just stretches the image and i wouldn't advise it. I think the framing adds to the Film Noir theming of the game as if you are watch a movie from the early 40's. (most movies back then were not widescreen, for you younger kids reading)They also added gamepad controller play. You still have the option to play in keyboard mode.Probably one of the best adventure games when adventure games were king."
,Recommended,316790,14306682,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ChuckoMay,AWESOME GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why didnt they continue this one?  For some reason Lucas thought everyone wanted to be a Pirate?  NO! We all wanna be the Grim Reaper... of sales...5/5
,Recommended,316790,14380185,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pynkuu,"If there is ever a game you need to play at least ONCE in your lifetime, it's this game. I've wanted to play it for the longest time and finally getting it remastered was a dream. I loved every minute of it."
76561198031671412,Recommended,316790,14820149,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Flesh Mannequin,"This game is just epic. An awesome tale in a cool setting. Replaying this game really reminded me of how great this game always was. The humor is great, they caught the noir feel just right. They just don't make games like this any more."
76561198155051884,Recommended,316790,14833734,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Low self-esteem :D,"A great classic to replay, and the puzzles are still awesome"
,Recommended,316790,14859589,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PlayerGrounds and Unknown Battle,mexican grim reaper that gets a balloon that's somehow shaped like Robert Frost with fun challenges like putting balloons through mailing tubes??10/10 needs more microtransactions
,Recommended,316790,14867079,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,retarded wizard,"Ok hands down, BEST GAME EVER.The puzzles might be a bit (very) uncompromising and hard but hey, theres always cheat guides (doesn´t ruin the experience (for me at least) ).Genius game, masterpiece, stylish, compelling story and characters....... yeah its called classic for a reason."
76561198032522412,Recommended,316790,15017654,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Crusek,Still in my top 5 games of all time.
,Recommended,316790,15299724,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The New Number 2,One of the best stories in a game I have played. If your a fan of Monkey Island and toher Lucas Arts adventures pick this up right away.
,Recommended,316790,14992432,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,(UK) AZPERRY,Great game. Great Remaster. Need more classics like this on Steam.
76561198103133921,Recommended,316790,15039020,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,HungLikeAKorean,"Grim Fandango is a game that belongs in the Video Game Hall of Fame. It is one of the most original, funny, and imaginative titles of the last twenty years. If you are someone considers video games art or even just enjoy a good video game, give this one a look, it is well worth the $15 pricetag."
,Recommended,316790,14280588,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Laurs,"""Buenos días!"" 10/10"
76561197966860177,Recommended,316790,14285642,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Circuitry,A great old game remastered for the new generation.
,Recommended,316790,14294382,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,FubarHouse,"Grim Fandango was released in 1998 as the first and last 3D LucasArts adventure game. It was a success, but the lack of marketing and the three year development time had prevented it from being as successful as it should have been. In addition to this there were many other popular titles released that year, but since its release LucasArts adventure games haven't really been as successful.Grim Fandango really is a masterpiece for its story, style/art and music and there really isn't anything like it. The story is played out from the perspective of Manuel ""Manny"" Calavera during the end of his not so successful career. Manny is a travel agent escorting lost souls into the next life with a variety of transports based on how good the lives of his clients were lived. When Manny keeps facing coincidences of not being able to service his clients he seeks to steal some clientel. The one client he steals from his colleague is a beautiful soul known as Meche, and his actions result in her walking to the next life over the next four years. Manny then sets out to solve his problems and find Meche to stop his guilt and pain, and he falls in love with the romance of finding her.The game is skillfully crafted to make the user think and pay attention to all the details, to get engrossed in the hand-drawn environments. The orchestral music fits in with the dark, retro, noir style beautifully and the original developers working with a new company have paid an enormous respect to this title. The title disappeared from shelves soon after being placed upon them, and now nearly 20 years later it has been restored on modern hardware to become available for an eternity. This title should not have been made in this day, but the massive co-ordination between Double Fine, Disney and Sony have made this possible and we should all be thankful. In fact Double Fine are planning on bringing Day of the Tentacle into the present day. It's this kind of love that the world needs more of.There's nothing out there like this game. It's dark, noir, comical, political, complex, stylish, beautiful, crafty, testy, interesting and completely unique. What are you waiting for, haven't you bought it yet?"
76561197961689879,Recommended,316790,14295313,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mr P Originale,"I would recommend as the game is a classic, but i'm experiencing a few glitches already with the remastered mode and i haven't even played for an hour yet."
,Recommended,316790,14942187,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Alepfernandes,"One of the greatest adventure games ever made. LucasArts at it's finnest. Nice puzzles, nice story and really, I mean REALLY, funny."
76561197999885604,Recommended,316790,14953093,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,DocHolliday,"There are some issues with stuttering and the background have not been remastered, so they are a little grainy looking at times.Overall a workable port of a beloved game.  Recommended if you have never played it or want to play it again."
76561197999508318,Recommended,316790,15102813,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,smk267,"The remaster is mostly very well done, but having just finished my first playthrough, I came away from it overall disappointed.  Here's why:- There are many bugs in it that that aren't in the original.  Tons of clipping problems.  Characters looking in the wrong direction (Chipito when he exits the pool).  Static models/sprites where there should be animations (approaching Bowsley's shop, the bone powderizer isn't animated).  Animations that don't play correctly.- The failure to re-render the backgrounds is really unfortunate, though maybe unavoidable if the original digital assets no longer exist.- Why was the music re-recorded?  Synthesized or not, the original soundtrack was perfect.  The re-recorded versions are nice enough, but I miss and prefer the originals.  A remaster shouldn't make me miss the things I love in the original.- Why was the credits music changed?  Who on earth made that decision? The original credits music is perfect -- lively, celebratory, exciting, precisely as it should be.  The new credits music isn't any of those things.  It breaks the mood terribly.Other minor complaints include the textures here and there that aren't much better than the originals, or, in some cases, that may actually look worse than the originals (I'm thinking of the Lumbago ship-in-a-bottle when viewed in Manny's inventory and the texture on the bust-all, which looks awful).  And the pop-in animation used when the trail of sproutella meets bone dust looks cheap, worse certainly then the original.On the whole this is, again, fine work.  I just wish DF had spent a bit more time getting some of the details right."
76561198067262843,Recommended,316790,15167603,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sbesea31,LOVE LOVE LOVE this game! The graphics are even better than the original. Not a bad thing about this game!!!
,Recommended,316790,15218428,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stryke,So so so happy this was remastered for modern PC's. If you're fan of classic adventure games this should be at the top of your list.The only major problem I have with it is that the original FMVs haven't also been given the remastered treatment.
,Recommended,316790,15470615,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Eh C Slater,"Has it aged well? Not really. They could have done better with a remaster and the controls still feel a bit outdated, but even with these problems I still give it a 9/10. Great game, great sound track, and a nostalgic field trip if you played it in the past."
76561198053923250,Recommended,316790,15081411,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Captain Britania,"This is still very good even in 2015. It was the first PC game i ever bought and now thanks to a good old internet walkthrough, i've finally managed to see the ending!"
76561198132076712,Recommended,316790,15103394,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,TheSoloNewb,Why you you should play the master piece.*Great story*lovable characters*challenging puzzles*Great Mexican cultural references*Film Noir look and feel*GLOTTIS!!!!!!!!!!These are all the reasons you should play this 1998 Lucas arts game.I only have one complaint there are some glithches but nothing really game breaking and that the old graphics run a little smoother.
,Recommended,316790,14311118,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Unholy Symbiosis,"Grim Fandango Remastered, a series of words I never thought would happen. To the average person who never played older adventure games this is a stepping stone into a glorious past world of video games. During the time of its original release this genre of games was very popular and there were many many games released. That being said, for this game to stand above the others as something of merit and worthwhile really says something about the end product and the team behind it.So I guess what you are looking for is a recommendation to purchase this or to avoid it. I also assume that you have looked into the forums and read professional reviews of this product. You will learn from those forrays that this game is a remastering of the classic game released in 1998 by LucasArts. Read that word carefully, Remastering, it is not a remake or in anyway changed in content. It has been lovingly brought into our current time by a team that didn't mess with the core of what made this game great. If you can grasp what the tagline for the game is then you will not be dissappointed.I am one of those people that firmly believes that any game can be great as long as a good solid story is being told behind the scenes. Back in 1998 this was graphically a beautiful game and had no issues bringing people otherwise inclined to ignore the genre into the fold. By todays standards the game unfortunately hasn't held up enough to give younger gamers any incentive to try it out.However in my opinion this game is one of those rare jewels of the past that not only has withstood the test of time but has been polished to a sheen without comprimising the original vision of the developers. Again this is only my opinion and although I don't have any issues with the game it doesn't mean that there aren't problems brought to light by others in the community.Let's jump right into the issues concerning other buyers of this game that might sway you one way or the other. The backgrounds, nothing was done to them except when displayed in 16:9 ratio. They are no better and no worse than when the game was released in 1998, some see this as a problem. The game is meant to be played in its native format of 4:3, to obtain the 16:9 ratio the developers of this remaster had to stretch and zoom the backgrounds. This in turn caused graphical issues which they resolved by smoothing out the images. What you are left with is a semi blurry playthrough that couldn't be avoided. Had the developer had access to the original files (long since lost) they could have possibly redone the backgrounds.The system requirements has been under fire as well. My rig is a beast so I really don't have any issue running any game on their highest setting so for this complaint I have no satisfactory response to anyone running on say a laptop or an older desktop. In my experience with the game I had no stutter or graphical issues unless you count a few corners of the screen that have wonky lighting issues. Yes you may run into issues running on XP apparently but remember that this game was remastered so that it could finally function on modern computers. Before this release it was possible to play on newer machines but it took alternate programs and you were never guaranteed a stable play through.I have also read that people are contemplating the validity of the puzzles as far as the modern world is concerned. Somehow they think that the puzzles don't stand up to time or that the way they are delivered don't click anymore. This is a weird game, the puzzles aren't meant to make you scratch your head but make you laugh when you discover the answers. Read the description of the game again and tell me if you truly expect there to be real to life like situations and puzzles. Grim is a strange and quirky adventure with strange and quirky puzzles to solve and characters to interact with.I am sure there are other issues that people have had but I want to focus on the work that the developers put into this remaster. Let me just say that Grim Fandango has never looked better, I love the subtle touches that they did with the game while retaining the original vision of the developers. The characters pop off the screen and have more depth to them than ever. The music has been redone and remastered, adding to the atmosphere even more so than before. Finally the lighting that they implemented has added immersion that just didn't exist in the original 1998 release.In the end you get exactly what the name of the game implies, Grim Fandango Remastered. It is not a remake and was never meant to be that. This is a journey into a world that our advanced technology has denied us from enjoying. This is a game so beloved and cared for that a simple re-release would have sufficed and I and countless others would have paid full modern prices to obtain.Every person owes it to themselves to pick this game up and give it the time that it deserves. 16 years is a long time in videogames and I can honestly say that Grim Fandango Remastered will remain in my favorites permanently only surpassed by the memories of the original when I first played it all those years ago.10/10Fantastic job Double Fine"
,Recommended,316790,14311441,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mufuggah™,Absolute classic. Ages well and only gets better with time as the general quality of storytelling in games plummets.
76561198088946812,Recommended,316790,14316894,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Shahbaz,"This game was one of my all time favorites! Having had pirated it before (you couldn't buy it in my country because of sanctions), I was more than happy to pay for the remastered version.The remastered version is not overly remastered, don't be suprised. However, you can switch between the original and the remastered rendering at any time and see for yourself. While the general static scene is untouched, the dynamic models (manny himself and everything else that moves) have indeed become much nicer.I played this on Linux (Ubuntu) and I cannot tell if this is just Linux related, but the sound was not quite right for me. The music was ok, but when manny (or anyone) talked, the sounds were chopped. I guess it wasn't always like that, but it seemed to be at least half of the times (when you start the game, it's either always good or always bad).Also the game has some bugs. For example sometimes the animations don't finish or are badly done, like the scythe in manny's hand is at an awkward angle or completely detached, or manny holding nothing after putting back the item in his pocket, etc. But they don't affect the game that badly. Sometimes you just need to do something else to get back to the correct state.I listened to two or three of the commentaries and they didn't seem too interesting. That would depend on your own enthusiasm regarding how much you want to know about the game.This is a great game nonetheless. If you have never played it before, I do recommend playing it. It's funny, has a nice story and the puzzles are excellent (I particularly liked year 2, the rest is rather easy)."
,Recommended,316790,14320523,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,skankityspence,"A classic Tim Schafer adventure game. Highly recommended if you are a fan of the genre and want to play one of his best games on a modern PC.If you're expecting massive graphics upgrades, then you will be sorely dissapointed, but that doesn't matter in my opinion. The story is still intact and great as ever."
76561198030985848,Recommended,316790,14327325,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GDTatiana,"I am going to start by saying that if you played this game as a kid you'll love to have it again. The word remastered represents the central piece of the review though. I was surprised to see that LucasArts decided to bring back to the players what is considered as a classic. As the word implies it is the original game with the graphics improved in order for the new generation PCs to play it smoothly. Therefore, there is no surprise that the game keeps the original flavour but at the same time it is stunning.The story is a linear one, and the lore can be learned completely by playing the game and paying attention to it. As a consequence it is not only amusing but also highly enjoyable. A detail which might help you understand the way the game is, is by making a comparison. Now, imagine a James Bond movie because probably everybody has watched one and how the plot goes. You will find that there are similarities with the aforementioned movie, but in an enjoyable, fun way of presenting them.The game although it is targeted almost at young audience to teen in my opinion will reperesent a fun play for every age group but it must be mentioned that it contains themes such as death, corruption, the notions of good and bad; I can safely say it is a game which shows that if you do ""bad things"" there will be certainly a punishment one way or another.Therefore if you are in search of a classic go no further, take a moment to think and if your wallet affords it, purchase it. You'll never regret, and that's a promise."
,Recommended,316790,14859599,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sir Francis Bacon,"I've been hearing about Grim Fandango for a long time, mostly for its extreme rarity. However most people say it was a fantastic adventure game in the golden era of point and click adventures. I was never part of that era, I've been getting into newer adventure titles within the past few years and knew very little about the older games. With that in mind, I enjoyed the hell out of Grim Fandango. Were the puzzles nonsensically hard? Yes. Are there the occasional bugs and crashes? Yes. Is it an amazing story with beautiful locals, rich deep characters, and style oozing from every pixel? You bet. The positives outweigh the negatives for me. Yes some of the puzzles seem illogical at times, but thats part of the flavor of this era of adventure game from what I've gathered, and if you work long enough you will find the answer and it will be satisfying. The controls seemed fine to me, I had no issues. Highly recommended!"
76561198164613014,Recommended,316790,15015855,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dilophosaurus,"Lots and lots of spooky scary skeletons.  Parts of it are slow, but the game is well worth it."
,Recommended,316790,16413590,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,$irCucumber,It's Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good just get it
,Recommended,316790,14249312,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Paulie Gualtieri,Manny Calavera: Travel Agent Extraordinaire
,Recommended,316790,14256190,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,burningmime,"The greatest adventure game of all time updated for modern computers with a better interface!If you've never played Grim Fandango before, now's the time to jump in because tehre's nothing quite like this game in terms of creativity, story, world, characters, or puzzle-solving. Any adventure game fan owes it to themselves to play this classic, and now that it's been updated with modern controls and slightly better graphics (I wouldn't say ""HD"" but I guess they would), now's a perfect time.If you have played it before, the game contains some commentary (mildly interesting), and again better graphics/controls, so if you want to dive in again this is a great way to do it. However it's not a must-buy; nothing that was added completely changes the experience.Also, it seems like there might not have been enough playtesting. The game is not fully playable with the mouse since there are some bugs with mouse control (for example it's impossible to pick up Chowchilla Charlie's suitcase with the mouse; you have to use the keyboard).Still, this game is a classic and a must-play for anyone who likes puzzle solving, good stories or film noir."
,Recommended,316790,14274620,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,pestell,I was playing Grim Fandango in 1999 and it was a spectacular experience. Happy to play it again!
,Recommended,316790,14275171,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,simba,This game is incredible. Completely and 100% stands the test of time. Just as great as it was when I played it 15+ years ago.
76561198098809791,Recommended,316790,14292214,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bitch nigga,Game is 3spooky5me
76561198062184367,Recommended,316790,14326072,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PAL 85,The best adventure game ever in 1998.The best adventure game ever in 2015.The best adventure game ever...
,Recommended,316790,14327535,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Soggy,"Bloody head busting at times, some of the puzzles are way out of there! Loads solved by pure luck. Overall pretty good but buggy, had to re-do certain parts because of gliches."
76561198062784541,Recommended,316790,14373002,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,rmulls,"For some reason it's started crashing constantly! Was fine to start with but it has frozen 15 times in a days play. Good game though, although the background graphics could have been updated along with the characters themselves."
76561197981416995,Recommended,316790,14377353,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ace Rimmer,"I loved the original as a kid and had to play the remastered version for nostalgia, the game is a classic and was very fun play through again although there were a few bugs and issues I noticed that forced me to start the game from an earlier save, which I didnt have happen when I played the original. If you enjoyed the original then you will really enjoy this as its made for a modern machine, however it doesnt offer any new gameplay other than an new control system which I didnt actually try out. there are extras in the way of artwork and commentary. If you have never played Grim then you might struggle to appreciate this game as much as people that did when it originally was released, dont let that put you off though as this game is crammed with refreshing creativity and character that alot of modern games lack."
,Recommended,316790,14795092,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dreamer_,"I never played Grim Fandango before, but this game is cult classic, so I was quite excited to try it out. There are plenty of positive reviews, so I won't reiterate on cool story, imaginative visuals, great music, etc - these are all true, I will focus only on technical aspects, because they irritated me the most.Works on Linux quite well - there were some issues, but nothing really bad (you need to restart game to go fullscreen if you went windowed for some reason, I had to restart Steam after installation for game to start).What didn't work well was controller support - I couldn't solve several puzzles just because Manny couldn't reach some places unless I switched to mouse (as a plus - switching between DS4 controller and mouse was a breeze). I really pity console gamers - I doubt they will be able to finish this game. What is really bad are bugs in later part of game (year 3 and year 4) - I had to consult walkthrough several times just to confirm, that my solution was correct but I was stuck because of controller support. There were also plenty of bugs in game itself (as example: once, smoke texture got ""stuck"" in Manny's head - it sayed there even after I restarted game).Overall it's great game and positive experience but can be (very) frustrating at times because of bugs and glitches.Also, as a side-note - if you look at great concept art - this game should've been remade, not merely remastered - it could've been (still) so much better."
,Recommended,316790,15242708,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Isaac Newton,This game was and still is a classic. It is one of the best adventure games you can play. Anyways on launch this game was screwy but still worked and now its fine. The gameplay and story is very fun. Shout out to my homeboy Glottis!
76561197983717683,Recommended,316790,14232476,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DeadEyeG,"This game came with a computer I bought in 1999. I lost the disk and have been wanting to play it again for years. It's a really good game. Its very rewaring when you spend so much time struggling over a puzzle and finally have that ah-ha! moment, It really makes you feel good. The voice acting is done very well and the dialog is quite rich for a game from this era.The only issue I really have is that you spend most of your time moving your mouse around the screen to try and figure out what you can and can't interact with, this is manly because erverything knid of just blends together. But it does give you a lot of time to drink in the word, which I do appericate."
,Recommended,316790,14284232,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Madcow,I can see why this has been rated as the best adventure game ever so many times. As a big fan of the first three Monkey Island games and Broken Sword I loved this game. This game and The Curse of Monkey Island are easily the best adventure games I've ever played.
,Recommended,316790,14787383,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ElMo2,Best Adventure Game EVER!
,Recommended,316790,14948541,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,salmon man,played tis game on CD 12 years ago its awesome
,Recommended,316790,15016014,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,WidescreenRules,"When I first heard that this was going to be remastered for PC and PlayStation, I actaully yelled, ""YES!!"" with my fists in the air out of excitement. The game still has all of the charm and humor of the original version (obviously), and for the price this is so worth playing by anyone who appreciates point-and-click adventure games.The only negative would be that unfortunately to get all of the achievements almost requires a second play-through unless you make a setting change at the very start of the game. Not that the game isn't worth playing a second time, but I'm not a fan of ""forcing"" multiple playthroughs. Also, the option to render in the original resolution, to simulate thegaming days of long ago, only changes the characters, not the backgrounds.  So the backgrounds are sharp but the characters are jagged. It's not quite what I would expect of playing in the ""original"" resolution.But those two negatives can't diminish a whole lot of positive. There are reasons why old-timers like me have wanted this game to come out for modern machines, whether through this remastering or through compatilibity through DOSbox or something like that. This is a long breath of fresh air in a gaming world that's dominated with open-world action games and greyscaled, militaristic shooters. Not that those are bad genres, but every now and then it's nice to come back to a game that is colorful, funny, and very original. Thank you, Tim Schafer, for bringing Grim Fandango back to us!"
76561198062075749,Recommended,316790,15018294,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,godjore,If you grew up with the original then you'll love this one as well. Controls are still the same but now with mouse clicking its easer to move around. Love this game
,Recommended,316790,15028854,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Stimz,"If you are into adventure games, you simply cannot miss this classic noir adventure of the undead. 10/10."
,Recommended,316790,14335689,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,alfredsamernie,"I was thinking since this was a remastered LucasArts game that there would be scenes with a couple of dewbacks... maybe some AT-ST walkers... perhaps even a room full of Stormtroopers... but alas, all I got was not only one of the finest 'point-and-click' adventure games I've ever played, but perhaps the best written game I've ever played.*sigh*Oh well... I guess there's still hope for a Hayden Christensen cameo in the Day of the Tentacle remake."
76561198102931311,Recommended,316790,14250316,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FullMetalJackass,Buy this. BUY IT.
,Recommended,316790,14319609,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Staemboat,"kinda falls off toward the end, like most double fine games, but it's still pretty good"
76561197978114129,Recommended,316790,14228720,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,d^n,"Perfeito, melhor que o original!!"
,Recommended,316790,14260165,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lightweight,"When Grim Fandango was first released in 1998 it was amazing, and it still is.If you enjoy games like Monkey Island, Full Throttle, or Day of the Tentacle I'm sure you'll enjoy this game. Even after having solved all the puzzles I come back for the story and the music.A++ will play again"
,Recommended,316790,33834155,Posted: 27 July,all,ThatDuck,BEST.GAME.EVER.
,Recommended,316790,29176440,Posted: 10 January,all,ven,-Skeletons-Balloons-Dios mio
76561198070267492,Recommended,316790,14190167,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,8-Bit Sunset,"It's Grim Fandango on Steam.I really don't need to say anything else, except buy it if you haven't already!"
76561197974887719,Not Recommended,316790,14265693,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Smollter,"Bugs, Bugs and more Bugs !!Funny game but not playable for me at the moment, it allways freeze in game"
76561198064984507,Not Recommended,316790,14613256,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Punch Kid,Specs are way too high for a nearly 17-year-old game with a few textures changed. Annoyed.
76561198136860773,Not Recommended,316790,18019506,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,angrypanda,"old graphics.remastered?? my *ss.they made the same with original game,the same graphics.anddd,i can't even play this game,every time my computer stopped working,that is fu**ing bullsh*t"
76561198040895875,Recommended,316790,14924377,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,"Great Story, Soundtrack and Voice Acting.Recommended to everybody that likes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t puzzles."
,Not Recommended,316790,14298918,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MrRhapsodist,"I've always wanted to playGrim Fandango, but this remastered version just isn't cutting it for me. Maybe it's my PC setup or the game's graphics, but I've installed it twice now and when the actual gameplay starts, all I get is sound and dialogue against a pitch-black screen, against which flashes of Manny show up. Very disappointed,mensos!"
,Not Recommended,316790,21630176,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,WANG DONG,i love the game but cant recommend it because tim scafer is a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesnt deserve money
,Recommended,316790,31538010,Posted: 4 May,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Adventure - P&C - Point and ClickAdditional Tags: Remastered ClassicTLDR: One of the last great adventure games of the golden era of the genre, carefully remastered for better ease of use, compatibility with modern machines and stability. Sometimes wish they had done a little more to improve the looks of it but all in all cannot complain. Great Product"
,Recommended,316790,14207578,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[!X] Miss IvanPuff,Played this game at least 10 times through my life time --- and I'll keep playing it because it's a masterpiece.I'll just take a little more bread to honour the dead. 10/10
,Not Recommended,316790,18010839,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Snacky Chan,"I don't anticipate anyone to agree with me. Call me whatever you want: I probably deserve any and all the insults.I am not a big fan of this game, and unless you played it around the time it came out, you might not like it either. It's the kind of game that you had to have been raised on slower games like this and not fast-paced action games like Halo or Super Smash Bros.The game is entirely imaginative, creating a great and unique world both like yet unlike anything you've ever seen. It takes something as frightening as death and the underworld and turns it into an office. No matter what, you can't fault the game for the story, setting, or characters.The problem is not the pieces of the structure, but the glue that holds all the pieces together: The puzzles and getting from point-A to point-B. I've heard that Grim Fandango is one of the better Adventure games because it isn't as convoluted as some of the other popular adventure games. Despite knowing that,I promised myself that I wouldn't read a walkthrough because I wanted to test my patience: Can I, a young adult who has played many video games but never played this before, figure out and have fun with one of the most venerable games on the PC? Long story short, no.Is it my fault? Of course it is. My mind is used to being constantly stimulated when playing video games. A game where it takes a while to get to the stimulation gets boring really quickly.This was one of many games I tried recently because I now know about all of these great games and almost all of them ended the same: I'd get bored of them quickly and I would stop after an hour or two. I didn't like The Elder Scrolls 3: Morrowind because I'm so used to Skyrim holding my hand. I couldn't get pumped for Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time because I would much rather have linear goals set before me. Had I played any of these games when I was a kid, I'd probably think differently.I also know there are some games I'd defend that suffer from the same fate. The Hitman series is one of my favourite series', but probably because I played Hitman 2, Contracts, and Blood Money around the time they came out. I can go back to those games any time and still enjoy it, probably just because of nostalgic reasons. So if someone new to the series asks me, ""which Hitman's the best one to play?"", I always say, ""Absolution"", because it's the most action-packed version which gives you the most help when completing missions. But if someone asks, ""which is the best game in the whole series, I'd say, ""Blood Money"".TL;DR, I didn't like Grim Fandango because I, and everyone my age or younger, are stupid."
,Not Recommended,316790,23783542,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Grizzly Fate,Got to the forest and a glitch corrupted my save file with over 3 hours of work. In 2016 we should not have to deal with this nonsense. 0/10 buy at your own risk.
76561197968997925,Recommended,316790,14195843,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr.Inabilidade,"Um dos jogos mais epicos de todos, e em portugues. Pensei que nunca mais ia ter a chance de jogar, dai sou supreendido. historia fanstatisca e personagens muito bons. joguem, vcs vao adorar"
,Not Recommended,316790,22601497,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,J.P Marshall III,"Found the original unplayable when it came out, find this once just about as intolerable now.Stupid, stupid, stupid puzzles and poor interface ruin an otherwise well written story- this sort of thing is why I like modern Telltale style adventure infinitley more- at least things make sense in that game."
76561198164016063,Recommended,316790,25620525,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Artemur,"Pros+ good voice acting.+ Tim Burton style artwork and character designs.+  interesting protagonists and side characters+  noir atmosphere+  good musicsCons- generally puzzle solutions so obscure. i hate especially timing puzzles. i had to frequently look a walkthrough and Youtube gameplay videos for solutions.- clunky inventory management.- awful user interface- there is a no deep, emotional and very interesting story. Game s itself stands out hard and unfortunately mostly nonsensical puzzles but its story.- characters are interesting but they re so weird and unsympathetic. i couldn't related with them and their actions.this is definitely not a bad game that's why i didn't give a thumbs down but i can't say i m so enjoyed. some puzzles drove me nuts, they only tested my patience and story didn't grab me. i only liked game's artistic noir style, character's designs and jazzy soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,316790,18119303,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Lil Gaggly,game dose not work please help me
,Not Recommended,316790,20508703,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,AntZiko,My game has broke i try to break the machine on the first couple of missions and it just doesnt do anything. I really wanted to play this game but it has been ruined by a glitch which i dont know how to get past. i have deleted the game and reinstalled it plenty of times but it still does not help. So if there is anyone who can help figure how to fix this can you please help me
76561198130686949,Not Recommended,316790,20762748,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Staylaughing,"This game, as is common with many 90's games, is incredibly difficult, confusing, and at times nonsensical. There is no tutorial, and no hint system. The story definitely revolves around an interesting concept, and the plot is decent for its age, but these things do not even come close to the greuling process you must go through to uncover it. Unless you have an IQ of 160+, or have played this game previously, you HAVE to use a guide, it would truly be a feat of the human mind to complete this game without one. I would not recomend this game, if you really want to experience the story, I'd reccomend watching a YouTube walkthrough in your spare time."
76561198213532837,Recommended,316790,23845726,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,yawa ka wang,"Grim Fandango is one of Tim Schaffer's (Pschyonauts,Maniac Mansion and Brutal Legend) best games and here's why, the graphics are  amazing and has a great Day of the Dead style which gives the game a bit of quarky charm. The game has a very ingaging and flowing story that combines comedy,drama,romance and film noir all brilliantly all with some of the funniest and clever lines I've ever heard in a video game. It has very likeable and memorable characters that are bloated  with personality From the always thinking on his feet Manny to the big and lovable Glottis. The setting in the game are all brilliantly disigned and give the game some well-needed atmosphere all acommpanied by a smooth jazz soundtrack witch adds to said atomosphere and gives the game a noirish tone as I said before. The only things bad I can say about this game is the the puzzles can be a little repetitive (epecially the safe puzzle ♥♥♥♥ THAT PUZZLE) and the ending ""boss"" with Hector LaMans was a little anti-climactic. other then that this game is a masterpieceMy rating for Grim Fandango R is a 10/10 Highly recommend this to everyone who loves Lucasarts games, Point and  click games because first time playing I got stuck pretty quickily (Try playing this and figuring out where to go without walkthroughs that is my challege to you (I DARE YA!!!!) U will get stuck"
76561197993593328,Not Recommended,316790,28892995,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,punkmusickicksass,"Do not buy.  Too buggy.  May work for you, but crashes all over the place for me and I see tons of threads for both Steam and Gog versions.  They not only talk about crashing but the developer completely ignoring their e-mails about a fix.  Guess the only way I'll get to finish the game is if I watch a walkthrough on YouTube.  Waste of money."
,Recommended,316790,14193374,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,shanemmathews,"The game is something really special. An amazing story with memorable characters, great art, and immersive audio. Just get it."
,Recommended,316790,14192307,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,sG|Marz,"My favourite game of all time and I am so glad they decided to remaster it.I would recommend this to anyone and everyone.The story, character and themes sync so well and is masterfully pulled offWould like to see something in a form of a sequel. We all ""dying"" to know what happens next."
76561198061674289,Recommended,316790,14348580,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hennst,this is my favoite game20 turips/3 wheel barrows
,Recommended,316790,15352172,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RIP JERE DOG,haha i laughed when the octo♥♥♥♥♥ eated the little man under the sea! (= then he 's brother come and i gived him the pick axe! great game i rate this five golden stars
,Recommended,316790,15724396,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RaphielDrake,"It has been at least a decade since I last completed this. I completed it again last night and I didn't regret it. Infact I was sad when it ended because I realised that I had just finished one of the last great adventure games. Every facet of this game shines with originality and charm. It is a noir tale of betrayl, conspiracy and redemption in the land of the dead. The remaster, although buggy in some respects, makes this classic shine brighter than ever.It is a long game but when the credits finish rolling you will be waiting for more... but there will be no more. Not now, not ever again. There will not be a Monkey Islands sequel, there will be no Sam & Max sequel and there will certainly be no Grim Fandango sequel. These types of games are dead and now we are left with pale immitations, unoriginal copys of other games unable to stand on their own two feet.This is a fantastic game and I encourage you to play it but be aware of the crushing feeling you experience in the pit of your gut once its over because its important. Its the feeling that something beautiful has been lost and will never return."
,Recommended,316790,14302015,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Audigator,"This game is a must-play, but I'm sad not to write a glowing review. I recommend playing it because the game itself is a masterwork. BUT maybe pick it up when it's cheap. Or borrow a copy of the original from a buddy and use ResidualVM to play it on a modern machine -- the ""remastered"" elements are not worth the price.As far as the game itself goes: hilarious dialogue, devious puzzles, gorgeous set design, amazing music, and an epic story. Some of the puzzles show their age in that they don't make a lot of sense in a modern gaming frame-of-mind. Don't be ashamed to look up hints when you need them (UHS has a great set of hints that don't spoil the puzzles). I was surprised at how much I'd forgotten since first playing the game when it came out.The remastered implementation is not good. The commentary is badly implemented and is not all that substantive. The best part of the remaster is the smoothed-out resolution of all of the 3D models and textures. Unfortunately there was not much that could be done to improve the pre-rendered sets, so they clash with the models. Though they do have a nostalgic charm. The controls are still frustrating, even with the the ability to change them, and several crucial bugs have been added (or maybe not fixed). Save early and often in different slots just in case you run into a game breaker -- I ran into a few myself and the forums are full of 'em. Also the re-orchestrated music is puzzling because some of the tunes don't seem to benefit at all from it.Also the achievements are bugged. Played through the whole thing with tank controls on the keyboard and didn't get the achivement!If you've never played the game before you can wait until it goes on sale. If you're rabid to experience it again, go ahead and pick it up now, it's a nostalgic trip."
76561198025609347,Recommended,316790,14214998,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Stee,"Ever since I saw the amazing box art on October 20, 1998, I’ve wanted to play this game.  Sadly, there was no Mac version yet.I wrote a letter to George Lucas every day asking nicely for a port to the Mac, since we all know the Macintosh platform offers superior graphics and sound.  I was worried for a sec but I know for sure now that George got my notes!  And guess what?  It has superior graphics and sound to the original.As for the game, totally worth $2830.26 (paper, envelopes, and stamps plus $14.99 for the download.  I borrowed a pen from a friend).  Play it!"
,Recommended,316790,21055909,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The Wolf of All Streets,"Hard puzzles, good story, great game."
76561197964040220,Not Recommended,316790,22427177,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,shadow,"Well, i knew the original but hardly played itPros:-Funny Setting-I like the graphical style-Good Voice Acting-Story is different than what you are used toCons:-The puzzles are not good, it's trial and error, and the interface is really bad, you don't really see what parts are interactive and which parts are not- BuggyI tried to play it for the story with a bit of walkthrough for the help, but i got stuck pretty early in the game at the tree puzzle and i didn't want to go back 2 hours because that was the last savegame i had"
76561197975650706,Not Recommended,316790,15750021,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,cstephen98,"Unplayable.  With Advanced lighting on, ""Mannie"" is invisible but with it off the background doesn't refresh properly."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,316790,18334217,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"I played the original back when it was released. I remember enjoying it but not completing in, but I couldn't remember why.When the remastered version went on sale I thought I would give it a try. I had forgotten about the very poorly designed interface, it's hard to believe anyone could design anything much worse unless they were trying.The graphics are good and the story and humour are at least as good as I remember.So I played the game for a while and then I remembered why I gave up on the game the first time through. The horrible puzzles combined with an equally bad interface equals a game that is no fun to play.I play modern adventure games and sometimes I think adventure games haven't improved much in the last 10 or 15 years. So maybe playing a game like GFR isn't so bad, it makes me appreciate modern adventure games."
,Not Recommended,316790,20812391,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Toastmaster,"Having never played this when it was first released in 1998, I always heard great things and wanted to try it out.  Unfortunately, the game was just full of disappointment.TECHNICAL ISSUES:I understand this is an old game, so I didn't really have any complaints about graphics or audio (though, some voices had a little distortion, like they were speaking too loud into the mic).I only had 2 technical issues.  The first was the gamepad controls.  They work, and you can get used to them, but they can be frustrating sometimes when the camera angle changes.  The 2nd problem is some scenes were incredibly annoying to work with, where it was hard to walk in the right place.  In the 1st floor of The Department of Death, there are two different routes on the opposite sides that lead you to the same room, which was really confusing.STORY:I heard a lot of great things about this story.  To me, the concept and lore of the game was very refreshing and original.  I liked the setting and the overall theme.  But the story as a whole was really bland.  You could summarize the entire plot in maybe 2 paragraphs.  I also felt the maturity of the game was really inconsistent.  Some characters talked like it was a kid's TV show (especially Glottis...), but I wouldn't consider it a kid-friendly game either considering it involves gambling, swearing, and ""killing"".GAMEPLAY:This is where I felt the game was lacking the most.  First of all, you can't lose.  Even when there are dangerous things, you can't even try to fail when facing them.  So you might argue ""but that's because this is more of a puzzle game"".  Yeah, well it's not a very good one at that.  I had to look up walkthroughs for roughly half the game because most of the puzzles involved something something that I would have no reason to know (sometimes, the puzzles involved reactions that would never work in real life to any degree).  Sure, I could've figured out all of them on my own eventually, but I don't feel like wandering the area interacting with everything in sight with some random object in my hand in the hopes that something will happen.  For a few puzzles, I actually followed the walkthrough and I was still stuck, either because of glitches or something timing related that I, again, had no reason to know about.Overall, the game was a chore.  Maybe it'd be fine if I were still 12 years old and bored on a summer day, but as an adult this felt really mediocre and tedious."
76561197998879260,Not Recommended,316790,15788668,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Luke2642,"Basically unplayable on Windows 8.1Stuttering sound, puzzles that don't display properly - I got as far as the wobbling tree and wheelbarrow puzzle in the petrified forest which would simply vanish, and gave up."
76561198027374001,Not Recommended,316790,17616396,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FreezingHobo,Remastered my♥♥♥♥♥...the game glitches so hard I can't progress. I don't even know if I can finish this game...
,Not Recommended,316790,17960178,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Seroto-9,Irratating controls and backtracking
,Not Recommended,316790,18552218,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TheRadiobœx,"I honestly have no real idea if i should recommend this game, mainly because IT WOULDN'T EVEN F**KING START."
,Not Recommended,316790,34274289,Posted: 16 August,all,Swizz Cheeze,"The writing in this game is phenomenal; the characters are memorable and immediately endearing. The music is also very good.Unfortunately, everything else holds the game back. The visuals and path finder are not very crisp despite the remastering. The puzzles are more often than not totally esoteric and not intuitive at all (I used a walkthrough sparingly so I didn't go insane).If you played this game as a kid, I bet this would be an awesome blast from the past. But for the layman, I think there are better games on the market.Still had fun playing!"
76561198044152763,Recommended,316790,14531028,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Bad_Reaper,Classic
76561198088823168,Recommended,316790,14719311,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FrütCake,A skeleton searches for love at a train station.
76561198170665493,Recommended,316790,15438994,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,evratny,Best game ever!!!! It has been near 15 years and I still remember what to do!
76561198076276605,Recommended,316790,14200807,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jackin' JoJo,its that old classic remastered into a prettier version not much else to say the game is just as good as every with its funny characters this game leaves you with that good taste in your mouth easily one of the best i know
,Recommended,316790,14595391,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[TME]Mr.Muffins,"Hands-Down the most amazing, thought-provoking, funny, tear-jerking game I have ever played. Amazing remaster and TOTALLY worth buying. If you don't already have this then what are you doing with your life?"
,Recommended,316790,15342604,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,JayBee,"The best point and click adventure game there is, and now it has decent controls.10/10 buy it now"
76561197980885826,Recommended,316790,14534025,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,entdecke den spiesser in dir,"just asfunny and entertaining as it was 15 years ago.didn't regret the buy.and damn you, tank-controls ;)"
,Not Recommended,316790,14275026,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GenoJack,"+Both the voice acting and music are fantastic+Dialouge is sharp and witty+Fun visual design+Story can be intriguing but...-...Tempo stutters thanks to frequent obtuse logic in puzzles-Frequent visual bugs and freezing can break immersion-Non-interactive corridors which may require frequent backtrackingRecommended for avid Point'n'Click lovers, and those who want to give the genre a try (for better or worse)"
,Recommended,316790,14190131,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,StayWoke,so much aesthetic
,Recommended,316790,15119692,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Unstable Goat,"A great game you shoulden't buy.You know... I've lost count on how many years I've proclaimed that this is my favorite game of all time... and in light of recent events, I almost regret buying it.I was dreaming of something like this coming out, I waited for something like this to come out. I was estatic to hear that after such a long wait it was actually happning, it was like a dream come true.Now it feels like I've aided a monster, something that doesn't care, something that genuinely hurt me and that's not an easy thing to do.I was ready to bash this game, to never touch it again.But then I remembered, it's not the game I'm upset at, it's Schafer that I'm upset at.The game itself is still amazing, the characters, story and enviornment are so imaginary, so vivid and so detailed they'll leave a lasting impression on you. It's been around 10-15 years since I last played through it and I still remembered El Marrow, the land of the living, The Petrified Forest, Rubacava, The bottom of the sea, The edge of the world and the rest. Manny Calavera and Glottis is still one of my favorite videogame duo's of all time, the supporting cast is amazing aswell and so are the villians.Gameplay wise it's not exactly the smoothest with it's traditional ""Tank controls"" but the refined point and click controls does smooth it out abit but it's still not exactly the smoothest. But it's a small blip on a game that I otherwise don't have alot of bad things to say about it and no 25 list of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or sockpuppets are going to change that.You owe it to yourself to play this game, just don't pay for it.Tim Schafers career is already bleeding out, lets make sure it ends quickly."
76561198027216881,Not Recommended,316790,14287087,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fatal Bazooka #1,Remastered ? What a joke. Almost the same graphics. They just brought it back make it work with modern drivers and all and thats about it.
,Not Recommended,316790,33392137,Posted: 8 July,all,Pylon,None of the puzzles make sense. It has good writing but in order to enjoy it you have to play with a walkthrough and that's not even enough sometimes.
,Not Recommended,316790,20382808,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"i've tried to play this game at least once a year for ten years, across different computers, on my phone, a tablet. i've bought the game in different formats and this remastered edition and downloaded it a few times when i couldn't find the discs. my saves always break shortly into the game somehow, or the game bugs out and doesn't let me progress any further, or the controls just flat out stop working. this latest time i barely got into the second chapter or whatever before the screen changed when it shouldnt have and my controls stopped working and the audio began skipping. it's my fault for thinking the remaster would be less buggy and not saving enough i guess. it's my fault for not realizing that the remaster didn't just have autosaves. this is the last time i'm going to go through this, i'm not playing it again."
,Not Recommended,316790,24379846,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vaagzl,"I want to play this game so badly, but I can't save and noone answers my questions on the forum."
76561198064670802,Not Recommended,316790,24637284,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,"Dă-i stun, uăi!","There is little remastering in this game. The achievements are a joke. At least the guys from Monkey Island repainted everything and had the sound recorded again. I see no contribution to this game. I have to repeat myself, the achievements are insulting."
,Not Recommended,316790,30451793,Posted: 11 March,all,NamoLeX,"This is one of those few games that break into the ""game as an art form"" category. The characters, the graphics, the soundtrack and the voice acting were all outstanding, creating a unique and memorable experience for the player.The gameplay itself however was rather frustrating, due to the fact that many of the puzzles are exceedingly obtuse, and the game does not give you enough hints to point you in the right direction. As a result, I often found myself unsure of what I was supposed to do next, and I could not have completed the game without referring to a walkthrough numerous times. This reflects poor game design on the developer's part, and to me, that's a capital sin for a point-and-click game such as this. The need to look up instructions serves to break the mood of the game, and the gameplay experience becomes frustrating and annoying, instead of entertaining and enjoyable as it should have been.If you do decide to try this game for its artsy qualities, keep a walkthrough guide handy, as I can guarantee that you will need it."
,Not Recommended,316790,15257221,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,Probably more of the bullet to the head of adventure games than the swan song.
76561197970616511,Recommended,316790,14197451,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,JojoTheSlayer,"Worth it!If you have never played the game, but like Telltale like games its a no brainer.If you owned the game back in the day, like me, but dont remember it that much its still worth it.Whats updated:Wide screen, but it sucks. LoL dont use it unless you want everyone to look like short, fat dwarfs.Commentary, press a button at times to get mostly none spoiler like background info. Recommended on tbh.All 3D objects and characters have been up-ressed and given shadow effects etc. Looks nice. Specially close up.Loading between scenes are now instant, as in. There are no load screens at all it seems...360 controller supported.Otherwise its very much the same game from what I can tell, but that is because... Like the commentary stated at one point. They ""waisted"" an extreme amout of time on the backgrounds for the time in 1999 which resulted in them being very good from the get go.Full price worth, in my view."
76561198262080096,Not Recommended,316790,23231204,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"This is one of the 'I very much wanted to like this' games for me.Remaster didn't go well, the graphics, gameplay, controls are archaic.The puzzles are mostly absurd which makes it really irritating with poor controls and even worse inventory management.Story defends itself, some of the dialogue lines are perfect, but most are just 'wannabe funny' word play. The protagonist is not likeable and difficult to identify with.I have missed this game when it first came out and it isn't something I regret."
76561198036181849,Not Recommended,316790,29957851,Posted: 16 February,all,ElCabrito,It's definitely meant for nostalgic  gamers of the original. Otherwise stay away.
76561198027102439,Not Recommended,316790,20257946,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,I am too old for this.
76561198119313643,Not Recommended,316790,18826627,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,lgayton23,"I just bought this game, excited to relive some old memories but every time it loads up, all I'm getting is black and white static and the games' audio.Not happy at all 1/10"
76561197970716289,Not Recommended,316790,16653162,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mars,"I should have trusted my gut feeling on this one, but the high praises this game gets convinced me to give it a try. About 45 minutes in, I was so disappointed, I issued my first ever refund.The story might be interesting, but this is why I can't be bothered to find out:The voices are sometimes painfully shrillyDialogue is trying to be funny but failing miserablyThe atmosphere is nice, but totally ruined by the childish scriptBad camera positions / unclear where you can go, which resulted in me not discovering certain areas. Such a waste of time!Unclear what you can look at / investigate, very easy to overlook an object or action point. Again, horrible timewasterThey didn't rerender the static graphics, nor the cinematics. So it's all outdated 4:3 graphics, which I would have forgiven if not for the following point:I know the artstyle was meant to be for low polygon, and for the skeletons it kinda works. But some 3D characters look absolutely horrific. To be specific, this was the dealbreaker for me:http://i.imgur.com/QmjgZhY.jpgAnd to be clear, that's a screenshot from the remastered version.. so yeah.. wow..The only good thing I can recall is the music, and the controls were okay.I don't understand why this game is considered to be on par with the Monkey Island games (or pretty much any other LucasArts adventure).To me this ""remaster"" seems like another money grab by Double Fine, and most likely the last game I'll ever buy from them."
,Recommended,316790,20480734,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,★ZER0k |74 keys|,what are you waiting for??
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,316790,22077603,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,7thsojurn,simple hits and map point of quest might of help sorry not much fun being lost all the time...
76561198248167818,Not Recommended,316790,27565289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,harwood.john77,sound quality poor
,Recommended,316790,14294905,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Crazyiness,I asked for this sp00ky game from the birthday skeleton10/10 would seal contract again
,Recommended,316790,14347930,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Josip Broz Tito,MAAAAAAAAAANYYYYYYY YOUUU PROMISEEEEEED!!!
,Recommended,316790,14813120,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Benny,"""10/10"" - Benny"
76561198102661365,Not Recommended,316790,14716717,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,That Guy,I would really like to play this game.... but it's broken. fix your game!
76561198006910623,Recommended,316790,14215342,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Death Company,Did you kill much when you were alive?
,Recommended,316790,14191774,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Shiroyasha,"Ok, an easter egg for you guys; Write ""blam"" in any part of the game and see what happens:)"
76561198027236994,Not Recommended,316790,14426935,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,elikos1,"This game was not enjoyable. First.it was plagued with glitches. In my case the sound was horriible. There were scratching and static noises interrupting gameplay.  This was throughout the entire game. The storyline did not captivate me. I found the puzzles to be completely nonsense. There was a huge amount of running around doing trivial chores and errands which lengthened the time I felt incredibly bored. The characters were dry. They showed very little real emotion. I never felt any connection with any of them. The dreaded pixel hunting returned in this game as well. The puzzles had so very little to do with the story that it was really notable.  Some of them were so mangled that it became irritating to even attempt to solve them. I'm not sure really how I managed to complete the game, The only thing I could say would have been that it taught me patience.  Patience to persevere despite awful circumstances!"
76561198007566200,Not Recommended,316790,14384759,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,wolf,"What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peace of software.  The game itself is not that good as I was told. It's nice....But all the crashes are really annoying. Many times when taking an object out of the inventory the game just freezes. Nothing more to do then killing the program.Sometimes you need to load a game five or ten times just to get an item out of our inventory in one room.Someone here recommended buying the original, I'm sure that would have been the better choice.This one here is not worth 15(!!!!) Euro."
,Recommended,316790,15331445,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,FockinUppity,Masterpiece.
76561197993813623,Not Recommended,316790,29707883,Posted: 4 February,all,marto,"there is some good point, the story is fun, dialogue are great... but ... first, it's too hard, dont be shy you will need a walkthrough. the puzzle are logical but not intuitive. second, the remake is not with it, not much difference with the original. sound like a cheap remake, play Gabriel Knight remake instead it's 10 times better. my two cents."
,Not Recommended,316790,21832563,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DamnItIMessedUp,NO.
,Recommended,316790,31998145,Posted: 27 May,all,chad,grate game and funny
,Not Recommended,316790,29810863,Posted: 9 February,all,God WonderSilver,i got this game since i loved psychonauts but this game did not lived up to my expectations. if you like point and click and puzzle games then you will love this game but its not for me
76561198059506378,Recommended,316790,15066260,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lagpirate,Literally sprouted up daisies.11/10Would die again.
76561197987630975,Not Recommended,316790,19698573,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Serendipity,"Sure its great as a remaster of an original but if you hadn't played this originally back in the day it will compare poorly to present day point and click adventure masterpeices like life is strange, dreamfall chapters, telltale etc.I personally wounldn't recommend this to anybody but those who are nostalgic for the old grim fandango"
,Recommended,316790,32012610,Posted: 27 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561198046221779,Not Recommended,316790,14190104,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,jeangodecoster,"I don't recommend this for Mac users5 minutes into the game, and this happens:http://imgur.com/IZi1Fm1one thing I don't expect from a remastered version is to have glitchy graphics, and at almost every screen I get rendering issues making the game attrocious to playnote: I'm on a Mac Pro (not macbook pro) with high end graphics card. Wondering if I'll get the same issues on windows, but not impressed by the mac Version"
76561197974616154,Not Recommended,316790,32676383,Posted: 23 June,all,Beffe (de),Walkthrough GamingThis game is only playable if you already know the puzzles.The story doesn't give you any hint what you have to do or how.All you can do is clicking all possible clicks until you find the right one.Or open a walkthrough and follow its commands.If you can finish this work you may enjoy the story in a second playthrough.
76561198003964688,Recommended,316790,14190513,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ShoFiyaaa,such a good game always has been this just makes replaying it so much easier and prettier well worth the money!!
,Not Recommended,316790,35048738,Posted: 18 September,all,Freedoom,Buggy.
,Not Recommended,316790,14197298,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SPAHCRAB,"Go play the original. Constant collision issues, clumsy interface design (switching from mouse to keyboard input when in inventory). A favourite game ruined."
,Recommended,316790,14740554,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Erchris The PUBG MAN,Manny is similar to tom hanks from the sixth senseHe was dead the whole time
76561198047008207,Not Recommended,316790,19208843,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ecchi,"I hate these types of puzzle-solving adventure games, so Grim Fandango was almost gauranteed an unfavorable review. My only desire to play it came from seeing it on many 'Top 100' lists and that I'm a fan of Double-Fine's other games. So, in other words, I played it for the story. Overall, the story isn't bad; a nice, complete narrative with the touch of dark humor that made Psychonauts so enjoyable. I may have enjoyed it more if the game itself wasn't such a buggy mess.  NPC animations often glitch while in dialog.  Some of the dialog cuts outs before a cutscene ends. Twice I came across game-breaking bugs in which using a correct item on an NPC while not standing in the correct static background (happens when the NPC can be interracted with in 2 separate static backgrounds) causes the NPC get stuck in place, being unable to initiate the correct animation.  I played the game in conjuction with a walkthrough to avoid the puzzles, so I can't speak for their difficulty. I also can't complain about the graphics. The remaster looks to have cleared alot of pixelated textures, but the game still looks old. The game IS old, so I can't fault it for this.Overall, I would only recommend Grim Fandango for the Double-Fine completionist. All others can safely stay away."
76561197964619277,Not Recommended,316790,33390969,Posted: 8 July,all,Barnett,There are a lot of glitches and bugs. There also is no autosaves?! WTF.
76561198013543872,Not Recommended,316790,28738580,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SAUL,"Overrated , boring ."
76561198116128307,Not Recommended,316790,14994301,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,williejns,"Point and Click? This game Put me to sleep.  Too many dead end clicks the leads to nowhere. Oh, but I did get hear Grim (a good Name by the way) Talk about a whole lot of meaningless stuff.   Wasted money!"
76561198168027607,Not Recommended,316790,14429040,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Modzhillah,"If you haven't played this game untill now, dont worry about it too much"
76561198026110564,Not Recommended,316790,31411315,Posted: 28 April,all,matthew.streib,"I love the story. But the controls are insanely weird. It doesn't highlight what's clickable, and when going from room to room, you find yourself going in the wrong direction all the time."
,Recommended,316790,14191431,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Atomic,"Manny, until now we scraped along the ground like rats, but from now on, we soar! Like eagles! Yeah! LIKE EAGLES... ON... POGO STICKS!"
,Not Recommended,316790,33903389,Posted: 30 July,all,saz,Probably good for its day.Not worth the time or money now.
,Not Recommended,316790,14305715,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mehdi,"This game is busted. Make sure you save often. I lost three hours of gameplay. Not finishing this broken♥♥♥♥♥game, because I don't have the patience to play this 90s POS puzzle game, that has you doing things that don't even make any sense.The story is funny though.Watch a Lets Play video instead of paying for this, unless it's in the bargin bin, or in the Humble Bundle.Seriously.10/10 - IGN, Best Broken Remastered Game NABut seriously... someone give me their saved game where we're trying to save the chick we're trying to bang, from being trapped in the vault."
76561198066847301,Not Recommended,316790,14231151,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,luxy952,cant even get it to run...
,Not Recommended,316790,29929676,Posted: 14 February,all,randomjoe,BEWARE!This company distributes VIRUSES!AVOID !
,Not Recommended,316790,31691873,Posted: 11 May,all,Shin,Thanks to a game-breaking bug another game goes to my garbage folder. It is not even fixed 'till this very day.
,Recommended,316790,14188669,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Amadaeo Heart Stealer,About as good as this was going to be for $15.
,Not Recommended,316790,31741376,Posted: 14 May,all,MrAgLi,"It is way too hard, or at least obscure. An idiot like me wil need to use a walkthrough to progress just the 1st/2nd act. After then, I just quit. Funny story though. Love the characters."
,Recommended,316790,14188663,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheTrollsCreed,lousy bony fingers....this game is amazing  BUY IT
76561198046872454,Not Recommended,316790,14189474,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,nbarrett127,"Any game that requires me to restart because I got glitched into a wall is not a finished project. If it was a car it would be declared a lemon and I would get my money back. For some stupid reason we are held hostage by shoddy products from software companies and just supposed to wait out till they get the glitches fixed. ♥♥♥♥ that, you have enough time and people to test the product before it goes out."
,Recommended,316790,14188239,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TrademarkTM,Greatest game of all time.
,Not Recommended,316790,23884735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HolyPetRelich,"(this review might change if I am able to do what i am about to discuss.)I wanted to play this game so much for the reviews, and it looks amazing as well.But as much as I tried to play it, it says, ""You need OpenGL (or something like that) to play Grim Fandango.""I tried doing the suggestions and all of the tutorials (on steam) on how to put OpenGL on grim fandango.As you can see from how long ive played, it hasnt worked.I will change this IF someone can help me with this dilema im in.So far,1/10"
76561197978484263,Not Recommended,316790,14190731,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,strangelybrown,For me the game in it's current state is unplayable.There's no background art at all - just characters moving about a black screen.Really disappointing.
76561197988815624,Recommended,316790,14188176,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nosa,BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,316790,26177471,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,nasryus,It's too much work and I'm too lazy. Maybe if I knew just the only things I needed to do to know the story I'd have given it another try. It doesn't immerse me from the start and I'm impatient
,Recommended,316790,18387579,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pimpollo,"complex, colorful, charming, a classic of the genre"
76561198329535161,Recommended,316790,29275622,Posted: 15 January,all,francesapplegate,"Such a unique plot and one of the best crafted storylines I've seen in an adventure game. I seriously reccommend this game, even though I'm not a huge fan of point and click. It is fun!!"
,Recommended,316790,29467054,Posted: 24 January,all,Skuggjen,Kjekt spel
76561197993175597,Recommended,316790,29555139,Posted: 28 January,all,loran7866,"brilliant, stylish and immersive at a level rarely seen or experienced. This is truly a game that will be looked back on as one of those that redefined this new electronic form of entertainment as being capable of high adventure and great narrative."
76561198170141489,Recommended,316790,17086821,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,xXCKAXx,It's the best game ever!!! just like I remember it
,Recommended,316790,17072696,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jamiboy,"MY BACKGROUND:Sometime in the 90's I read a games magazine and the front cover was Grim Fandango. I never played the game back then, but somehow the cover stuck in my mind. Some years later I was browsing the Internet if I could buy the game, but I didn't find it anywhere. Now a few months back I found the game Remastered in Steam so I had to buy it and try it. The game is remastered so it kinda reviwed the old game back to life. It still looks old, but remastering the game makes it playable for a first timer. I think that if you play a really old game today, there must be a nostalgy factor in it or otherwise it's just going to suck for you. Remastering the game to 21th century makes games playable even without earlier experiences.ACTUAL REVIEW:This is a point and click game which I very much enjoy. If you're not into point and clicks, this game is not for you. The game is an adventure game with lots of dialogues and humour and you advance in the game by completing puzzles. I love how the main character speaks English in a funny accent with Spanish words here and there. Love it. So far the story is very funny and I am eager to complete the story asap.The only negative thing in the game for me is the puzzles. They didn't age too well. They are illogical and impossible. I can not complete the game without a walkthrough which I am going to use for the whole game. The story and the jokes is what I wanna experience and by using a walkthrough to solve the impossible puzzles I am gonne get just that.Really happy that they remastered this old title for me to play and have a good time. I suggest though that you buy this game on a sale and not for the full price."
76561198195036314,Recommended,316790,17083449,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Champignon,My favorite game I can't be objective.Works great on Debian Jessie.Only one bug to be reported... to activate the jump animation of the beavers in fire... easily fixed by enterin the control menu and coming back in the game.
76561198045777590,Recommended,316790,17004178,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,JadeTheurgist,"This game brings back a lot of fond memories. I actually still have the disks from the hard copy from back then in the hope that I'd be able to play the game again. I can say right now, this game is really worth the time you put into it. The story is interesting, the conversations between characters are interesting and the game has some good bits of humor that it throughs in to keep you engaged. It's also really nice how, even though it's been restored, the game still has the appearance that it did back when I first played it. The funny thing is, it'll be pretty easy to get some of the achievments in this game because you get many of them by talking to people. You'll want to talk to the people because you want to hear what they have to say. And over all, it leaves you at a very satisfying ending once the game is done. I tend to be one who doesn't dwell on the games I grew up with, but this game is definitely on that I just can't forget about, it's really that wonderful."
,Recommended,316790,16968997,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,I just want to do hw to sleep,"Wow. I may have only speny 11 hours on this, but those 11 hours are some of the best I've spent in ANY video game. Not only is it funny, charming, and it's incrediablely witty dialouge between characters will lure you so much to talk and interact with everything in sight to hear the wonderful voice actiong, but this game is also very deep and creative with the premises the game take inspiration from. Manny Calevera is now one of my favorite protagonists in any game. To see this game do SO well years after it's commercial flop in 1998 (correct me if I'm wrong), but also see it's visuals revamped is absolutely stunning to the eyes. After playing around with the rendering to see differences, I can say that the remastered version definately gives the characters (and the characters only) a GREAT facelift. The models may seem jagged, and the backgrounds remain the same and some animations run at 30 fps, I think  it's something that still leaves the game with an authentic 90's PC gaming that just gives me a nostalgia chill no matter what. My only problem is that the game ""soft locked"" on me during Chapter/Year 1 while switching between fullscreen mode and windowed mode, so I can only recommend to save VERY often in case of doing so. Also, advanced lighting requires a VERY high end PC, or else the game will just run very slower (The cursor, for instance, is very slow and has a huge input lag), so if your PC isn't top notch like mine, I can only recommend to, sadly, turn it off. Either way, the game looks BEAUTIFUL without it. Puzzles may be confusing, but that's only part of the challenge. Whether you're a newcomer to the genre of Point and Click adventures like myself or a veteran of the genre and possibly even a early player back in 1998, I REALLY recommend this game. It's REALLY worth the $15 price tag!"
76561198101916364,Recommended,316790,16981111,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,tuncatala,Best advanture game ever
,Recommended,316790,17441123,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Skerebs,"I cannot reccommend this enough. The story and characters ooze charm, and the film noir/ mexican afterlife meshes together perfectly. Oh, and the jazz noir soundtrack will blow your socks off.Unless you're a skeleton.Then you don't need socks."
,Recommended,316790,17362156,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,binarycrusader,"The height of classic adventure gaming; while I wish they would have thad the funds to fully remaster the game, this is the best version of Grim Fandango that can probably be made in this market."
,Recommended,316790,18022636,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,El Botijo,"The game is your old favourite one. Nothing has changed. Mostly nothing. And that is its blessing and its curse.So, for the good points, the story is funny. The characters are likeable, and the game was not too obscure with its puzzles. Sure, there are one or two puzzles that can be hard if you miss some of the hints, e.g. race track photo finish. But overall you know what to do.The game can be played with a controller from start to finish.As for the bad points, I hit two bugs. First one is that the game will take all of your GPU resources if you allow it. So you better force VSync externally, e.g. through Nvidia Control Panel. And the other bug I hit was related to an audio sample that was in a loop, even if you restarted the game or continue with the game. At least, neither bug was a show stopper.I am somewhat neutral with the remastered thing. The game is presented as a prerendered image plus a 3D model superimposed. The backdrops have not been redone, so the game only plays on 4:3 video formats. Neither the videos, and both show how old the game is. Even if the model rendering can do high resolution rasters, you get low poly models. Textures on the models has been improved, but they are only noticeable on the models. It really looks like a cheap a way to resell the game once again. Not the cheapest way, though.So, overall the game is good. Just be aware of what you are buying. This game is not for everybody's tastes, specially if you expect something modern."
76561197991695936,Recommended,316790,18040546,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,bustee,"One of the best adventure game titles ever! The story is brilliant and the riddles almost all logical, but still hard enough to make you get stuck every now and then. Best played with a friend :)I don't want to get too much into the story as this would spoil the experience, just so much that the atmosphere is a quirky reminiscence of the 40s-50s era. With a definitive nod towards the movie Casablanca in the middle part.The only thing that bugs me a bit is the sloppy ""remastering"" that basically rerendered the character models, played a bit with the sound and added some lazy shadows. If you still have the old version of the game and it still runs, then this version is by no means worth buying. If, on the other hand, you don't have the original, then this is a definitive must buy for anyone who loves a great story or is even remotely interested in adventure games. This is truly one of the great classics and might very well have been the last!"
76561198049725597,Recommended,316790,18030522,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TwiceJinxed,First played this game when I was about 12 and it took weeks (no online walkthroughs!!). I thought it was absolutely awesome back then and having just completed it again end to end I can say my opinion hasn't changed.Probably the coolest game made and has aged very well!!'The workers shall control the means of production'
76561198237138386,Recommended,316790,17931303,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Turbob,"After a bit dull start this game takes you into a magnificent journey to the land of the dead. The surroundings change a alot and you have a lot of stuff to discover if you are up to it. I liked the plot and the puzzles, this is a great game for a point & click puzzle fan!"
,Recommended,316790,17948253,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BOWSER,"""Manny, I don't want to be a pianist any more. I'm a mechanic.""- Glottis"
76561198211878709,Recommended,316790,17965664,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Iowaska,"I love the game and the concept of it. Story seems very intresrting so far. Feels like the 40s or so. Only complaints is the game crashes every 5-10 mins of just normal play and the lack of auto save makes it really repeative if the game crashes. The graphic settings are down since it lags on the mac. If the crash didnt occur and there was a auto save, i would rate 10/10 but sadly its gotta be a 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,316790,17960642,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sad and Boujee,One of the best if not THE BEST point&click adventure of all time.I cannot recommend ENOUGH.
,Recommended,316790,17961594,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,.Adriansun,A classic and it is good.
,Recommended,316790,17960282,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[RT],"Classic masterpiece - had the original, played the remaster...still a great story!"
76561198070205582,Recommended,316790,17963915,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DOC,"Love this game, grew up playing it."
,Recommended,316790,17959410,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Harald 🍺,"Well, it's Grim Fandango. Some minor changes, nothing to freak out about - except for the re-recorded full orchestra soundtrack, which sounds really great. The game itself has aged very well, a good story doesn't get old I suppose. Don't buy this for more than $10, as it would be rip-off; I still remember Double-Fine abandoning ""Spacebase DF-9"".9/10  Was never so funny being dead."
,Recommended,316790,17957333,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Oy vey You're gay,s'good
,Recommended,316790,19459550,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Szhweetie,"Omfg! SO FREAKIN GOOD, MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND MAKE THIS GAME SOO NICE.... PLAYED THIS 1998 SOMETHING WHEN THE GAME DID COME OUT AND WOW SO AMAZING... RECOMENDED TO 200 % FOR THOSE WHO  LIKE STORY GAMES :DD"
76561198256972983,Recommended,316790,19278018,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JAMES.B,Perfect&Classics！
76561198073279276,Recommended,316790,19283184,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AceGokuu,grim Fandango is Lucus Arts masterpiece. a must play for all lovers of comedic games
,Recommended,316790,19297372,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,smugarug,Probably the most fun you can have in an adventure game. One of the best adventure games made ever.
76561198031656280,Recommended,316790,19326824,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,fennad,"Grim Fandango.  Mostly as you remember it.  There are those that complain of graphic glitches, and the slow animations.  (Well...  That never stopped the original game from being awesome.  They were all there).  The glitches don't detract overly much.  The animations?  They existed in the original.  And I'll get to this in a moment.My biggest gripe is that some dialog is gone.  Vanished.  Not there.  There was an entire conversation chain to make Glottis sick (I'll leave it at that.  Not too much of a spoiler that).  Now?  Straight to punchline.  No intermediate jokes that ramp up.Otherwise, if you want to jump into this game?  Do so.  You can't die.  Explore every conversation.  Don't just leap to the most obvious answer.  Explore the humour.  Have fun.  You could finish this game quickly.  Or you can click every dialog option and get those extra chuckles."
76561198087689958,Recommended,316790,19347168,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,zbself,"This one is as good as they can get!!!:)And the fact that it is ""remastered"" just means that it is playable by all those poor souls who are too young to have experienced it when it came out and have a phobia of low-res:)Highly recommended!!!:)))"
,Recommended,316790,19385637,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nocturnal,"Memorable characters, story, voice-acting, humour, music, and art direction.A must play !!!"
,Recommended,316790,18015759,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Edgis,Grim is one of the most original and engrossing games I've ever played.
76561198150430407,Recommended,316790,16195574,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,BaconMan,"this game is amazing! hopefully lucas arts makes a sequal or playable dlc for the game. anyway, this game is a must have"
,Recommended,316790,19438874,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Forest_Penguin,The best point and click ever created. BUY IT!
76561198172598559,Recommended,316790,19431111,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,tanglelace,"(On Win 7 and 10, 1920x1080) A bit buggy in a few places which ended in game crashes, one in a rather critical place, but beyond that a really good classic."
76561197990760536,Recommended,316790,19444136,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,kingodreams,"When this first came out, it wasn't available for sale where I lived so I missed it.... 17 years later (!) was it everything I imagined it to be?  Oh yes!  Absolutely brilliant.  The story.  The characters. The graphics.  The musical score.  The puzzles.  Unquestionably one of the best games of all time.  If you haven't played it, do yourself a favour and do so.  Immediately.As an added bonus, I got to play it through with my daughter (aged 8).  This is what she thought about it : “I liked Glotis the big, silly demon.  I also liked the train to the other world.  I liked the love story between Meche and Manny.  I really loved the imagination!”So there you go, fun for the whole family!"
76561197993565309,Recommended,316790,14477412,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jimmy,"IS REAL GOOD ALSO ""HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT?"" PUZZLESITS TOO HARD 5/5 STARS"
76561198116705266,Recommended,316790,14504679,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,waluigiyoshi44,"It is one of the most top notch Lucasarts games I've played, and the first Lucasarts game I've played (I know its very contradicting saying that, but I don't care LOL.) It does have a few problems though, like sometimes the game might skip some important cutscenses, and might have a slow down in frame rate when you play the game in a remastered version, but these might be problems with my computer, I don't really know. So other than that I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,316790,14506192,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Marbass,"""With bony hands I hold my partneron soulless feet we cross the floorthe music stops as if to answeran empty knocking at the doorit seems his skin was sweet as mangowhen last I held him to my breastbut now, we dance this grim fandangoand will four years until we rest.""  (c) Olivia Ofrenda10 out of 10. ""Rusty anchor - great song@"
,Recommended,316790,14507484,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,somnambulist7,"Grim Fandango harks back to the almost forgotten past of point and click adventure games. Shame - they can be a lot of fun. The humour and voice acting is still fantastic, and the remastering is largely subdued focusing on the sound and main characters only - it's not a total overhaul (maybe it should have been?).That's not to say it's perfect. Some of the puzzles are very obscure with no hints or such subtle nods that they are easily missed. You can find yourself floundering with what you are supposed to do next and that can be aggrevating. So is the lack of a fast travel between areas, particularly year 2... learn and remember the sprint key!In the end you play for the story and it is still good. It's been fantastic that Grim Fandango has been remastered. A classic game for a new generation. If you've never played it before, it's well worth it and if you have then it can be time well spent remembering (and cursing) at the old puzzles."
,Recommended,316790,14589780,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zombiefood103,"Grim Fandango is one of my personal favorite games of all time. I've finished it twice in the 4 days since I purchased the game and I can definitely say I recieved my money's worth.You play as Manny Calavera, a travel agent for in the land of the dead. In your adventure you must save the woman you love, foil a mob boss' plans and lead a resistance against the corruption in the D.O.D. It will take you around 12 hours (dependant on how long it takes you to figure out puzzles) and it has some of the most clever and funny writing I've seen in a game. This was Tim Shaffer's last project at LucasArts and It is still one of his best.Although the title says ""Remastered"" you're not getting a huge face-lift akin to ""The Secret of Monkey Island Special Edition"" or ""DuckTales Remastered"". It's really just a few fixes to some lack-luster textures to make them look more appealing. If you want to play the game with the original graphics you can change between versions with the simple click of a button.All in all, It is definitely worth your time and money if you're a fan of funny writing, difficult puzzles and adventure games. I highly recommend Grim Fandango to old fans and new comers alike."
76561197981087242,Recommended,316790,14628429,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,[Aces] Mikey likes it!,Awesome!
76561198012249308,Recommended,316790,14628661,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,binary fudge,Quality game.  I wish people demanded publishers to sell more games like this.  Soundtrack awesome.
,Recommended,316790,14629699,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,humanrocket,"A true classic.  Grim Fandango marked the the end of of the golden age of the adventure game genre. Commentary features and update graphics make the remastered version worth the money. If you haven't played through this game yet, you owe it to yourself."
,Recommended,316790,14389150,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,T3S,"Just the possibility to play this game without any problem is worth the price.The game itself doesn't need a review, it's simply one of the best adventure game ever produced.The ability to switch from original graphics to the remastered while in game is nice.I have been able to play it on an asus t100, so performance wise it's excellent.8/10"
,Recommended,316790,14400152,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Manny,"masterpiece, just install and play in it"
,Recommended,316790,14407288,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Djaa9,As awesome as ever
,Recommended,316790,14409483,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Silv3R,"Really cool game, brings back memories from when I was a child. They didn't really bothered to remaster the game, it looks and feels alot like the old one (well maybe some less pixelation, but overall the same), but still it's such a great adventure game, with witty dialog and funny spanish accents (if you play the game in english ofcourse). Also, the puzzles are preatty neat, and I remember never being able to finish the game as a child (short attention span I guess, and no internet to get me unstuck in some places), which gave me great satisfaction finishing it now, with all the achievements and cards. Recommend it if not for the nostalgia's sake, then for the awsome puzzles and funny accent (cannot recommend it for the remake, I feel like they didn't do much in that direction, still appreciate that they made it work on newer operating systems)."
,Recommended,316790,14421698,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LambSauceLocator,"After just finishing playing it for the first time ever, I think I now know why people think this game is so damn fantastic. Absolutely hilarious and smart writing, incredibly memorable characters, thought provoking puzzles and a fun and interesting game world make this one of the greatest games I have ever played. Although... 4:3? Come on Double Fine, it's 20-♥♥♥♥ing-15! Also, Robert Frost balloons..."
,Recommended,316790,14422570,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Voodoo Dragon,"It's been more than 15 years and Grim Fandango is still cool, beautiful, funny, mysterious, intriguing. The facelift that the remastered edition brings to the table makes the game feel a bit more current, but many things look the same and they still look good. Grim Fandango is a masterpiece and a pinnacle in adventure game history."
,Recommended,316790,14424681,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dmitrij,Sooo good
76561198055968948,Recommended,316790,14424842,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Innershadow,This game is a treasure and fantastic experiance all the way thorugh with great characters and a truely griping story that had me unable to play anything else until I saw my adventure through to the end. 10/10
,Recommended,316790,14438713,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,MrDkal,"While I never played the original, this remake is a fantastic, cinematic, point and click adventure. By the time you reach the end, you'll be wishing for more. With so tons of film references and hundreds of hilarious dialogs, I recommend this game to the highest degree."
,Recommended,316790,14439801,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Podojun,"One of the best, If not the best games ever. If you like noir films, or are a fan of other Lucasarts (R.I.P) games, I cannot recommend this game to you enough! :D"
76561198012034488,Recommended,316790,14439932,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,bibianrajakumar,"Still the best game I have ever played. Expected a little more on the remastered side of things, but still great to play."
,Recommended,316790,14440046,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chug,"It's like Casablanca the game, but with some good comedic moments, and absolutely loveable characters!"
,Recommended,316790,14440616,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,The_Manbat™,Giant demon ripped out his heart and threw it into a forest where spiders proceeded to eat it.10/10 best creepypasta ever
76561197973185864,Recommended,316790,14490236,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mr. Glass,"One of the best 5 games I've ever played.  It's a smart, clever, funny, and visual arresting adventure game.  And when I say clever and funny, I MEAN clever and funny. So many sublte jokes and wordplay.  The voice acting and characterization is top notch, back when story and dialogue mattered.  Highly highly recommended."
76561198055747050,Recommended,316790,14490918,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dio Brando,"just completed it and its one hell of a game its definitely in my top 10 favourite games of all time with Psychonauts its also a good remaster, everyone should play it when they get a chance"
76561198011492847,Recommended,316790,14509457,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,beyondblack,"I really loved this game when I was young. If you've never played it, GET IT. If you've played it before, GET IT for the nostalgia kick. You just cannot get tired of the rich characters, dialogue and comedy."
76561198024912230,Recommended,316790,14516139,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,chiphead,"Probably the greatest adventure game ever. Could have used more graphical ""remastering"", but great nonetheless"
,Recommended,316790,14554184,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,eighthourlunch,"Grim Fandango is easily one of my all-time favorite games. The artwork is beautiful. The dialog is sharp, witty and often hilarious. It's nice to be able to share it with the kids without scrounging an old Windows 98 disc and hacking together a VM. The only complaint I have is that the remastered graphics are a little buggy. I couldn't get past the dam with them on. Still, if you haven't played the game, it's worth it. I wish more people had Double-Fine's artistic vision for gaming."
,Recommended,316790,14556503,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Stuyvo_Man,♥♥♥♥ YEAH! funniest game ever. the people that are saying the remake could have been better... pull up your socks cause your being a Pill
76561198100586262,Recommended,316790,14564468,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ahaagsman,"Remastered, or not remastered? Who gives a f**k. Grim Fandango is a masterpiece. And I enjoyed playing it for the first time on a Mac - it plays smooth and it looks great.And it's absolutely worth full price - heck, even the full price it was back in '98. This is definitely one of the best storylines in gaming history, and if you compare it to the majority of the games that are being released today.., well, Grim Fandango withstood the test of time.The scenery of the early 20th century setting in this game is great, the music spot on, and best of all: the characters. Yes, some of the puzzles will be too hard or far-fetched - you could search for a walkthrough though, but be gentle and try to only use it when you absolutely are stuck in the game.If you haven't played Grim Fandango before, but you definitely like the Telltale games: don't hesitate to play this game, because this is where it all started for the 3D point & click (and walk & talk) genre, and it still beats modern games with its great story."
,Recommended,316790,16573351,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,joblisting,"Really well done. Love the humor. Voice acting is top notch. Interesting story premise. Drawing style is fresh and interesting, standing the test of time much better than expected. A bargain at the current sale price. Get this masterpiece now!"
,Recommended,316790,16576328,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nik,"Just a brilliant classic game, brought back lots of memories of me and my friend doing a playthough that took us 2 days to do, would recomend it to anyone who loves puzzel solving games, has a very good story and plenty of humour"
,Recommended,316790,16562487,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Frog,Old but gold. Great remastering. 10/10
,Recommended,316790,16562854,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,d0k,"Only mildly improved graphics (same backgrounds, same polygons) but still one of the best adventure games ever made."
76561198077535038,Recommended,316790,16563582,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Codezero,"This is a classic from the old good LucasArts from an age that adventure games where still made - and made you stay. Atmospheric, unique plot, hard at times, with real riddles to solve. All in all an epic game that will keep you until you finish it.If you are an old school guy and played the original you owe this to yourself. On the other hand if you are a newcomer you should still get this game and see how awesome games can be."
,Recommended,316790,16510790,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Crnchytoast,"Loved this game when it originally released, having a great time revisiting this world.It should be noted that the backgrounds, animations, and cutscenes didn't get much update. This is a classic title, and looks like it. But don't let that stop you from playing this game.It's a fantastic and funny adventure"
76561197996228310,Recommended,316790,16513778,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,boikago,10/10 for nostalgia
76561198057581347,Recommended,316790,16518096,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mercurio Osterman,"One of the best Adventure Games of all time and this Remastered Edition does a worthy job of bringing back a classic. The new mouse control system is a definite bonus. I'm also enjoying the commentary from the makers of the game as I play (and it's not intrusive at all. A small little indicator pops up at the corner of the screen whenever commentary is available, and you click on it if you want to).Whether you played the game back in the day or are new to adventure games, you'd be hard pressed to find one with as much spirit and originality, with a great cast of characters all wonderfully voice acted and a setting that is marvelously employed. To say it is a great game, is an understatement. It is a timeless classic! One of the must plays!"
76561198146252901,Recommended,316790,16519646,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ModernMajorGeneral,"9.9/10An old classic revived for a new generation to enjoy. The remastered graphics retains almost all of the old charm, and makes character models look much sharper. The music score is thematically consistent and a delight to listen to, not to mention the remastered orchestral recordings of certain themes.The puzzles haven't aged very well and many of the solutions seem incredibly obtuse, and a hint system would have been nice. But beside the amazing noir/dia de muertos themed narrative, discovering the secrets and listening to the conversations and tidbits offered by the NPCs  is the main offering of this classic."
,Recommended,316790,16608853,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,koalaty,Addictive little game. There are lots of cool things to do and fun achievements.
,Recommended,316790,16611298,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,daniel.jozsef,"This was one of the most celebrated games in the genre, and with very good reason. The story is interesting and funny, the characters colorful, and it's generally a great game.True, some of the puzzles are not quite intuitive... and the camera positions in some of the locations are laid out in a very strange fashion... and the mouse interface (which was tacked on in the remake) seems to be glitchy at times... but those don't make it any less awesome. :)"
76561198045120907,Recommended,316790,16612192,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FearTheBeans,"A verynice remaster for a high quality game.The story is what you play this game for, like most point and click adventures. You may need a guide for some puzzles since some of the logic is a little wonky sometimes.Only complaint i had with the game was near the end the story picked up the pace and you changed settings faster, which made it feel like there wasnt as much depth at the end, but it was still worth the ride in the end"
,Recommended,316790,16645117,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Uzi Foo,"Grim Fandango is a unique adventure game with a very engaging story.  The puzzles are mostly fun to solve, yet there are some quirky ones.  Character interaction is ecelent, with a lot of interesting dualogue that is fully voiced.  The plot of the game evolves as you progress and it has some surprises in store.Graphically the game aged pretty well for a 15+ year old title.   It was the first game where I saw animated hands with individual fingers, mostly in older games hands were just oven mits.  Clothing looks like it's worn and not just painted on, which was also a first for me.  The remastered version does a great job of bringing back anti aliasing and adds higher definition textures to the 3D models.  Since the backgrounds are 2D they are still in 3:4 ascpect ratio, but the do add some nice looking borders on the sides to make it less jarring on the eyes.The story is this game's strong point and it will stay with you years after finishing it."
,Recommended,316790,16855111,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dalieux,Amazing story in a stylish game.
76561198021684337,Recommended,316790,16230527,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dr. sli. Carmack,"An original and interesting game loaded with the wonderful humor that made so many LucasArts adventures enjoyable, even with a somewhat macabre setting like the Land of the Dead. Not even in death can people exist peacefully, and crime doesn't stop either, as the protagonist finds out. You can even die … again! Sort of. Actually – see for yourself. ;)In my opinion the remastered version is vastly superior to the original one simply because it can be controlled by mouse; the original release date falls into the timeframe when publishers practically killed the adventure genre by enforcing that a game absolutely, positively had to be in 3D, even if that 3D game looked terribly ugly compared to all the 2D art we were used to (just think of what Simon the Sorcerer 3 should have become; actually, don't, it's just too sad).It took a while until developers figured out a good way to implement mouse controls into such an adventure and they did a good, if not great job with this one.Well, even today 3D adventures are usually uglier than 2D adventures with Grim Fandango being no exception (the backgrounds are OK, characters and objects not so much), but that's easily forgiven if the story and the puzzles are fun, and Grim Fandango can (for the most part) deliver.Add to that a fine soundtrack with Mexican flair and Jazz. Overall it receives my recommendation."
76561197970755391,Recommended,316790,16155851,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,vektsilver,I loved this game in the 90's and it still holds up today.   Amazing characters Amazing Voice actors Amazing sets Amazing story and best of all Amazingly fun!!!The writing for the game is so good that all the alternate dialouge is actually enjoyable to unlock and does not feel repetitive.The remastered version fits so well with the original set you forget its on and then when you swap modes it makes you wonder how you lived with out it.   I really would love if this game would get a sequel one day!!!!
,Recommended,316790,16268366,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Noodles,"This game, I only ever owned the demo, but my brothers an I played through those ten minutes until we couldn't anymore. When I finally got the game myself, I was so elated to play through the rest of the game I did not care about the clunky controls. And now that I can play this today, I am reminded of those first days discovering this gems secrets.Anyone who wants a grand adventure with a story to boot should grab this title, definitely worth it."
,Recommended,316790,16480288,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hola Uriberto,It's Grim Fandango and if you never played this game you should reconsider your entire life up to this moment and then click on the Add to cart button.
76561198034281340,Recommended,316790,16485695,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Alaric,I tried to play this game but it was too spooky. Thank God skeletons aren't real.
76561198024274465,Recommended,316790,16489785,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Advanced Newbie,"Amazing adventure game. Some puzzles are very complicated, but once you figure it out it is very satisfying. 10/10!"
76561198088970104,Recommended,316790,17968766,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Harrison,One if not the best point and click adventures ever concieved by human minds!!!!
,Recommended,316790,17954460,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,StrongArmSteady,Classic.
,Recommended,316790,18054961,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,M ☆ U ☆ K ☆ i ☆ i,The best classic adventure point&click game. :)
,Recommended,316790,18076144,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Blackbird,"I like it as I did the original... But, it has bugs and looks not polished as I expected... So, it's very recommended at discount price! At full price not so much."
,Recommended,316790,17415740,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"The story is good, everything also is garbage.I love."
,Recommended,316790,16918002,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Lister of Smeg,"I can't stand point and click games, but I've lost count how many times I played the original. The remaster still has some minor graphical bugs but I never found anything gamebreaking"
76561197994551285,Recommended,316790,16882392,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Qazcv,I was a travel agent for a while. I wish it was this crazy.
,Recommended,316790,16886562,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,THiNGYBOBinc,"The puzzles are complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but, unlike Brutal Legend, they don't keep me from enjoying the story, voice acting, dialogue, music, etc.. If you don't mind looking at a walkthrough every now and then, you'll enjoy this game.For whatever reason, switching the visuals to ""remastered"" makes everyone invisible, but I was planning on playing with original graphics anyway."
,Recommended,316790,17703331,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Easy Rhino,Loved it!
76561198231311300,Recommended,316790,17703929,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Tango,"If you've never experienced this game, and are a fan of point & click adventure/puzzle games then I would say this is worth a purchase.The number one complaint I've heard about this remastering is that its buggy and crashes. I can honestly say it didn't crash once on me and I only came across one graphics glitch that didn't alter anything other than an NPCS head, in one particular dialogue.If, like me, you had missed the chance to play the original and want to experience a classic, jazzed up for todays tech then grab this. I swiped it on sale. If you're a big fan of the original you'll enjoy the better graphics and there are some bonus features included. Such as a directors commentary. I can't comment further on this as I have yet to sample it.The story line is good although hard to keep track of if you happen to put the game down for a long time between sessions.Overall I would recommend. I'm glad I purchased it."
76561198026457506,Recommended,316790,17747686,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Frost12,Go ahead and buy it. Just so you don't forget what premium tastes like.
,Recommended,316790,17751606,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gedeminas,"Best and Most memorable game of my life. Played this back in 2001, very game, much story, wow.10/10 would play again in 14 years with remastered graphics."
,Recommended,316790,17733567,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Aréannah Vulpes,"I remember the last time I played this game, and the Immersive Gameplay coupled with a good imspirational Storyline. The Remastered version has been lovingly re-created and offers the exact same enamouring Gameplay and awe-inspiring storyline as the original, and the graphics, while still looking like they came straight off of a Nintendo 64, are much better textured to give you as close to an immersive gameplay experience as can be offered by the old Lucasarts Engine5 Stars in 2000, 5 Stars now, nearly 15 years later"
76561198217256819,Recommended,316790,20458237,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,biozit,Grim fandango is a classis
76561198095584963,Recommended,316790,20586827,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,StraightInAGayWay,"A fantastic addition to the point and click genre. Although it has some game breaking bugs, so save often!"
,Recommended,316790,20506506,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,snarkcatt,"This game holds up after years I was done playing it.  The remastered version makes me nostagic for an era of games and gaming that seemed very fresh, creative, and original.  I throughly enjoyed playing this game!"
76561198029230765,Recommended,316790,20534183,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Batmang,"Waited 17 years to play this game (was too young and couldn't find the game anywhere at the time). Even 17 years after its release, it completely exceeded all of my expectations."
,Recommended,316790,20476420,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Willester,"8/10, had some game breaking issues and had to restart. Pretty good game otherwise"
76561198064512062,Recommended,316790,20549906,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Micky71290,"remeber playing this game back when it first came out, its amazing how much of the storyline comes rushing back to you when you start playing it again. great playing it again glad i bought it."
,Recommended,316790,20618968,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,hojusimpson81,"I first played Grim Fandango soon after its 1998 release, and although I never finished it (too much school, too little free time... not to mention an ever-increasingly-crappy PC), I had fond memories. I grew up on adventure games, and a Mexican DotD-influenced noir produced by LucasArts? It was destined to be my favourite game of all time.Flash forward to this Remastered edition, and I have a few thoughts -- some good, some bad.1) I finally made it to Year Four! Okay, this probably doesn't affect you in any way, but I remember being stumped for what seemed like an eternity back as a teen. On that note, the puzzles here *usually* make sense, but there are a few that are annoying.2) The dialogue and voice acting is simply wonderful. The art style, too.3) The story is pretty standard if you're familiar with the conventions, but a fun ride nonetheless. Year Three slows down the pacing a fair amount, and I still think it goes on for too long, but there are some fantastic moments included for it to earn forgiveness.4) For controller fans, there will be a few puzzles that will cause your hair to fall out. Keep a keyboard handy just in case.5) My game froze a half-dozen times, and there are various reports of crashes or severe bugs. Thankfully I didn't experience any of those, but your mileage may vary.So should you buy/play Grim Fandango? Yes, especially if you've never played through it before. It's one of the greatest legacy releases of the genre.I'm not fully sold on this remaster, however. Yes, the resolution is modernized and upscaled, and it added a few modern perks, but if you already have a working version of the (patched) game through ResidualVM, you're probably safe skipping this. Maybe.Then again, showing that you want more of these remasters could help speed along remasters of Full Throttle, Escape From Monkey Island, and others... hmm."
,Recommended,316790,20622110,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bob,"Great game!  And substantially better than many of the adventure games I've played.  The acting, the writing, the humor, the story were all great.  I very much enjoyed this game.There were a few points where I stalled out and looked for a walkthrough to get unstuck, but even given that, I still very much enjoyed the game.  And looking back, I don't feel like there was much insane adventure game logic in play.  Mostly things made sense, but occasionally I missed something or just failed to make a connection.Lastly, I had a two or three places where the game stopped responding to controls (sound and animations and such were working, but I couldn't do anything) and I lost some time starting from a previous save, but it wasn't too big a deal and it wasn't too hard to figure out how to avoid it the next time through.All in all, I very very much enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,316790,20612781,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,James Joyce,mexican travel agent casino owner simulator18/10
,Recommended,316790,19152620,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,amiibler,I played with the hole punch for 9 hours. I have no more agressions.
,Recommended,316790,19126136,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Saba-Duke,Peter the Great loves it indeed.
,Recommended,316790,19138617,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,WayneFatal,"I heartily endorse this game!This is a game that had forever haunted me; I knew of it and it's far-reaching reputation.  I just never had the means to play it.  Thanks to Steam and Double-fine, I've finally been given the opportunity to play through this storied classic.As things turn out, this game certainly lives up to it's reputation.This game has character & charm practically falling out of it.  Even the environments take on a life of their own.  Really, the reason to play this game is to experience the fun story, the fantastic world, the amazing music, and the incredible characters.  Not too many games take you on a fun journey with a stellar voice cast that have amazingly funny material to work with.  You really get the sense that it was amazing fun for the developers & the voice actors to assemble this game.As others have pointed out, the graphics are showing their age, and the interface can take some time to get used to.  Neither of these points detract in any significant way from the charming adventure game that is Grim Fandango.Really, this game is indeed worthy of your time.  It will certainly entertain you, and I'm sure there is something in this game that will make you laugh.  In fact, I would dare say that I challenge anyone to play this game and not find one thing in it that makes them laugh.  It truly is that good."
,Recommended,316790,19135710,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,mike james porter,A really faithful recreation of an old classic. Can't say I know much about the new movement controls yet as I'd rather do it the old fashioned way first!
76561197972545610,Recommended,316790,19038638,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,CrazyBladez666,"They don't make 'em like this anymore! So much fun, i'd forgotten how good it was. It took me so long to finish when i was a kid, i hope i can remember what to do (i try not to use walkthroughs and guides). Wonderfull remaster Mr Schafer and Doublefine, thankyou! An absolute classic (:"
76561198165715092,Recommended,316790,19177888,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,JediMaster239,Casablanca + Monkey Island + Mexican Folklore = Pure Genius
76561197989998171,Recommended,316790,19184391,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,FSCBSoldat,"7/10. I never played this as a kid, but I knew of it as it is quite a famous game. Thought I'd get the Remastered when it came out on Steam to see what I was missing out on. Well, in terms of the story, the world and the cinematic presentation this game is a clear 10/10.However, the big issue for me is how the storyline is used to guide you into the puzzles/adventure. Essentially the majority of the puzzles are very abstract and there is little to no impetus from the story, no direction to what the game wants you to do. After all, you don't know the bits of the story to come, so some of the things you have to do seem illogical to the player, ie why am I doing this or why am I picking this up, and you often come by a part-solution simply by clicking on every single thing in the room and seeing how they interact with your inventory. Lots of trial and error...which isn't really puzzle solving, but grinding by chance.For example, in Year 2 by talking to characters in game, you work out that you need a Union licence, tools for Glottis and you need to get rid of a sailor so that you can take his place on the boat.The licence and tools are fine. But to get rid of the sailor you go through this super abstract puzzle sequence where you end up needing a metal detector, a set of the sailor's ID dog tags, some golden alcohol and a morgue doctor/coroner.None of this is tied together logically with cut scene storyline, and neither by talking to the other characters.None of the items make sense to pick up, since they are extremely odd items for achieving the goal of getting rid of the sailor.So basically you can stumble across the solution bit by bit, but at no time do you play the sequence with the mindset of  ""I think I should try this or this"". It is more like ""I have golden alcohol, does it work on this item, does it work in this situation"" Click click click, trial and error.The most playable levels are easily Years 3 and 4, where it seems the developers put a lot more effort into the storyline and tying together the puzzle sequences/what you are meant to do with the story. It isn't spoon fed to you, and the puzzles are still a bit abstract, but it is more clear what your goals are and the actions you do make more sense when you are doing them.Years 1 and 2 however, are simply weird for most part. There is often no clear goal given to you which in other puzzle games is usually given by characters or storyline, ie ""We need to get over to that island"". Hence find a way to get there.Overall for a puzzle game, I found this to be very hard, not mainly because of puzzle difficulty, but because of the lack of said puzzle context. Monkey Island, the Nancy Drew series, the Sherlock Holmes series and Machinarium are all more logical puzzle/adventure games.I still enjoyed the game, but it seemed more like grinding than puzzle solving at times."
76561198072029630,Recommended,316790,19181491,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,StephAChamber,"The best story in any video game I have ever played,; had it been a film it easily could have contended for multiple Oscars, Globes and more. I tell every gamer I know to play this game."
76561198107766944,Recommended,316790,19154141,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Imglenndanzig,"As someone who never played Grim Fandango in its heyday, I absolutley loved this game. The story is hilarious with memorable characters and excellent voice acting. The puzzles really call for the 'outside the box' kind of thinking that many modern games are sorely lacking IMO. Some minor frustrations with the very old school controls are about the only gripe I had.Oh, and the soundtrack edition is totally worth getting. Perfectly catchy lounge tunes make for great homework/cooking music and it makes you sound classy :)"
76561198041497550,Recommended,316790,19107059,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dongus Maximus,-80% story is about skeleton mafia-developed by lucasarts-glottis is a thing10/10
,Recommended,316790,19107089,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Krilly,"One of my new favorites that I can see myself playing over and over again. It's not ""perfect"" with a few minor bugs here and there, regardless it is still one of the funnest games I have ever played."
76561198064417578,Recommended,316790,16609973,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Xyro,"Grim Fandango: RemasteredManny was a child hood hero to me!This was my favorite game growing up.It's a one of a kind game.If i would rate this game out of 10, I would give it a 11.If you like rich story games its out there for you."
76561198025299757,Recommended,316790,16672898,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mellarky,"the nostalgia factor is strong with this one, and it's not without its weaknesses (sometimes overly hard or arbitrary solutions to puzzles; difficult to complete without consulting a walkthrough at points), but it also has so much to recommend it, from the aesthetic to the FANTASTIC dialogue. still one of the best games i've ever played."
76561198045784723,Recommended,316790,16580396,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Otoha Vlad Boqhumuyi,"An old masterpiece. I played long time ago, but couldn't make any progress. After years remastered. I'm happy old man. I strongly recommend this piece of beauty. Also soundtrack is perfect."
76561198077037735,Recommended,316790,16588549,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Abbas AJ,best old school game.
,Recommended,316790,16659882,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cocojam,Write a review? I don't want to mess up my blade.
,Recommended,316790,16668893,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineBuenos Días, my most favourite quote from my most beloved LucasArts game and my first ever adventure game to play when I was a young child on Windows 95! Grim Fandango has always been by my heart as one of my most beloved LucasArts adventure games of all time! Along with Tales from Monkey Island and Full Throttle! This has to be my third time playing Grim Fandango, and this time as a full remastered edition! First time was back in 2002 when I still had my Windows 95 PC, this was my first ever adventure game that I played along with my stupid educational games. Second time was when I rediscovered my original Grim Fandango CD-ROM game in 2010 and now again in 2015 for the remastered edition!Grim Fandango's story is brilliant. From its quirky characters to its lovable cutscenes and funny comedy. The characters such as Manuel Calavera and Glottis will surely make you fall in love with them! The music (especially in the remastered edition) is absolutely brilliant and resembles very much Spanish and Mexican music! The cutscenes are lovable and fun to watch, overall the game is brilliant!The puzzles and game progression, although when I was young and I played Grim Fandango for the very first time I did not have any walkthroughs or guides, hell I didn't even have internet back in 2002, so the puzzles were a bit challenging and can be a bit too awkward for modern-day players or even newcomers to the genre. The game does not help you at all when progressing through and does not hold your hand when your stuck on a puzzle for too long, so be prepared to get stuck here and there, thankfully I remembered most of the stuff! Lucky guys with internet nowadays, you can simply type in walkthroughs for the game!The remastered version, Double Fine have really done a job well done for remastering this classic. The music is spot-on and digitally remastered. The cutscenes, although not fully converted to HD are very watchable, and the new HUD system they implemented has made it easier for players to play the game (honestly, the game's original controls were clunky and very awkward, surprisingly you can still play with the old controls!). The addition of HD graphics and shadow textures, etc... made the game more stunning than it originally was (and if you want some nostalgia, you can play the game in its original graphics!)The thing that put me off slightly was the aspect ratio, this game is not tailored for 16:9 monitors and it seems that Double Fine did not optimize the game for 16:9 monitors but kept it at 4:3 aspect ratio, you can still change the aspect ratio from its original 4:3 to 16:9, but you might have to play the game stretched out.Overall, Grim Fandango and its remastered version are simply brilliant and if you are a fan of LucasArts (like me!) or you like adventure games or you want to try something new, then I would highly recommend playing Grim Fandango and I hope that Double Fine will continue to remaster these old LucasArts classics!- Guess they couldn't save me, eh?- No, but there's still a chance you could save me...RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198091747337,Recommended,316790,18328542,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Magic Miller,It's a classic. a must play.  It's a masterpiece!
,Recommended,316790,18359343,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Man_Dingo,Amazing
,Recommended,316790,18411027,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mynemo,Very good game but game breaking bugs are around every corner.I stared the game over 2 times and save often in different slots but even that didn't help.Unless major patch be released for the game I will probably never be able to finish it.
76561198247767718,Recommended,316790,18410098,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,pepperlikesalt,"With a great storytelling, superb voice acting, and emotive musical score,Grim Fandangoshould have been the first CG classic of the noir film genre. Instead, burdened by a clunky interface, numerous bugs, and severe polygon rationing, a pretty okay video game was born. If you can look beyond the dated graphics and occasional bug-related loss of progress, this game is definitly worth experiencing."
,Recommended,316790,18264247,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MeatHinges,"I had the pleasure of playing this game in it's original form many, many moons ago. So comparing my play-through now to then I still get a grin on my face and a sense of achievement when I finally figure out (or finally remember in my case) that birds love bread but also hate balloons.Nostalgia really taints my opinion of this game because I love it however there is a lot you're just expected to accept. Such as Manny's motivations for his 4 year journey for one. Although, if you can look past these nitpicks there is a game rich in atmosphere, design and style.""But now we dance this grim fandango and will four years before we rest."""
76561198212810501,Recommended,316790,18167138,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Batfleck,"It's a fun game, especially the character, setting and story. Nice voicework that makes the game feels alive. Though....the puzzles are rather obscure. They work on logic, but NOT real life logic. No shame using a guide though."
,Recommended,316790,18281878,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,durahobo,Fun game to play but frustrating if you don’t have a walkthrough handy!  You are thrown into the game with no guidance as to how to play or what you are supposed to really be doing.  Great game for someone who likes challenging games!
,Recommended,316790,18301491,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,OcularRat19,Grim Fandango RemasteredPros:Great Graphics & TexturesAmazing SoundtrackSpectacular Voice Works60+ Minutes of Special Features & ArtworkFantastic StoryCons:No Cons10/10
,Recommended,316790,18299757,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,terra_dea,
,Recommended,316790,18447915,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Reaper Roo,"Re-release of an Adventure game classic. It is basically the same game as it was in 1998. The story and humour are the same. Clunky mouse controls, nervewrecking keyboard-tank controls are the same.  Graphics recieved different improvements like dynamic lighting and shadows, but prerendered backgrouds still suffer from low resolution pixels here and there. Game still has its unique feel due its style and setting. As a bonus Devs have added Developer Commentary mode, and downloadable soundrack which is pretty good.  If You are into classical point-and-click Adventure games you definatly wont be disappointed with this one."
,Recommended,316790,14494493,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Harry Tuttle,"This is an amazing game.For those ones that played the old one and for the new players, it's an amazing adventure game, a film noire, kind of future retro stoiry puzzle gme like, ""monkey island style"" with a great music and artwork. I really recommend for those ones who wants to be challenged by an amazing story. The quality it's good after the remaster, The entire game keeps a good quality, but not quality as 2015 games, remember this is a re-master of  1998 game, so expect a good quality but not SuperB, anyway it's very acceptable."
76561198035949143,Recommended,316790,16052156,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Model Warrior,This is a classic adventure game re-released for us to enjoy all over again.The art on this game is amazing and the ambiance of the game suits the setting; the land of the dead.This is one of the best games of its genre and its great to see it introduced to a new generation.
76561198099037576,Recommended,316790,16215715,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Beta Male,I don't wanna mess up my blade...
76561198067431607,Recommended,316790,15986502,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mcunningham85,Puzzles are wonderfully convoluted (sometimes). Game is still a bit buggy; in one scene Manny's arm flipped around and was protruding from his back.
,Recommended,316790,15990242,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Qviss,"Writing and settings are impeccable here. Dialogue between characters makes this game worthwhile as well as the unique premise that is offered. All this game needed was a small model update to make it look good enough for most. Surprisingly, albeit the 3-D rendered backgrounds haven't been touched; they still haven't aged that much. There's still some effects that clearly show their age but it shouldn't be an issue. Directors commentary tracks are a good reason for a veteran Fandango player to play it again if they haven't played it in a while.Puzzles can be rather bothersome, especially if there's one left in an area, since there isn't anything else to do to progress except look for that one little thing you missed. Inventory system is a hit and miss since it takes time to take items it, yet it's presentation is pretty good.Some might tell you that this game was the last good adventure game before genre faded into obscurity. There's a good reason for that. Go check it out."
,Recommended,316790,15762825,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Meligos,Best adventure game ever!
,Recommended,316790,18607955,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MattTheOtaku,"A timeless point and click adventure, unique story and endearing characters. Enjoyed the whole expeirience!"
,Recommended,316790,30584962,Posted: 17 March,all,SuperDonario,"A fantastico Classic, It must be played absolutely. Not splendid as remastered, but it's due to limitazione like losing fondals (if they wanted to remaster them, they would have re-design them). For its cost, it's a must have. Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,316790,18877486,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mithras O_+,Grim Fandango!!One of the best point and click games of all time!!Pros-Great Story (totally different from other point and click stories around the time this came out)Epic and funny charactersGameplay is simple and straight forwardGood vairety of level design.Cons:For a remastered game...it kinda just looks like they made the characters skins HD and cleaned up the interface to be more easier to use (not like it was hard to use to begin with) and that was it... looks totally like the orginal game apart from these two changes.Graphics are dated but it doesnt bother me this is one of the first pc games i ever played and I love it XD so i am a little biased but for those new to the game be warned the graphics aint pretty XD.Overall an absoulte classic game!!!7/10
76561198062712916,Recommended,316790,18902428,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,revengeracer (DigiPerson),"If you're looking for a point and click adventure or just something different/imaginitive, this game is awesome. The puzzles at times are a little ridiculous, and I don't think that going to a walkthrough for parts will ruin your enjoyment of the game as a whole, but other than that I love it. Also gives a neat perspective on how developers used to work around weaker hardware and things and still get a game that feels like the original concepts and art and things."
,Recommended,316790,18524829,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Zin,What can i say? other than this is one of the most awesome and fantastic adventure games ever!!?no seriously if you have not played this DO IT!
76561198083742737,Recommended,316790,18532362,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AlexTheHylianGamer,"First of all I must start this review by saying this game's reputation is very well earned with an excellent plot, interesting characters and a very interesting atmosphere, it's just what you would expect for a game about death and the afterlife.HOWEVER I do have a bone to pick with it(no pun intended) and that is that at crucial times the controls(specially with a controller) feel rather choppy, the game doesn't give you ANY indications or hints of what to do or where to go, I mean I hate it when a game holds your hand but I think I hate it more when the game doesn't have the slightest hints on what to do and this game has a lot of stuff that give no indications or any hints like, potential spoiler alert, the coat check part how the ♥♥♥♥ are you supposed to know lengua 22 means except by trial and error.About the choppy controls, those are more evident when driving anything(Glottis Hot Rod, the forklift you name it, I must praise Mr Schafer for the good design in his games, I really get hooked on the story but a good story pales a lot when the controls aren't good.Overall I must say I both love and hate this game, the story is well written and interesting but the game choppy controls and having little to no hints whatsoever can make for a truly exasperating experience"
,Recommended,316790,18574088,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,grace.bakerc,"An extremely fun film-noir style game. It has some moon logic puzzles, but not too many."
,Recommended,316790,18666398,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,perisdr,"Smart story, tough riddles and an amazing soundtrack.What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,316790,18660821,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DarthXanatos,This game is a classic.
,Recommended,316790,14442823,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Salvius23,"I bought this game when it first came out. I bought it again when it hit the bargain bins, just in case the first set of discs ever got scratched. I still have both of those sets of CDs. Now I've bought it a third time on Steam.A true classic. Probably the first videogame to make me think seriously about the potential of games as art. I think the Year 3 to Year 4 transition cutscene is still as close as I've ever come to actually weeping at a game [EDIT: Nope, now I have to give that particular accolade to ""The Beginner's Guide""].Regarding the lack of true widescreen support: I don't consider it a problem, any more than I would consider the lack of a widescreen option on aCasablancaDVD to be a problem. It was originally created and intended for a 4:3 screen.Even if they hadbeen able to re-render all the backgrounds in true H+ widescreen, playing it that way ought to warn you at the start: ""This game has been modified from its original version. It has been formatted to fit your screen."""
,Recommended,316790,18706151,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Coffee Mutt,"This game is hilarious, and addicting. 10/10 just for the rusty anchor song, and the awkward pause that followed lol."
76561198045433180,Recommended,316790,26826371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pelinal Did Nothing Wrong,GOTY of the year all years
,Recommended,316790,22735449,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Two-Bears-High-Fiving,"""I could walk out out of this world and not look back...""-Manny CalaveraOne of the best Point and Click Adventure games ever made. Follows a character named Manny Calavera who is put into a wild ride in the Ninth Underworld. I don't want to say much because what can I say? It's perfect, Just play the game!I nominated this game for the Test of Time award."
76561198137527848,Recommended,316790,30922398,Posted: 3 April,all,MC UNIVERSE,"I bought this game while it was on sale and i can only recommend buying it yourself if you like puzzles, a nice story and a little bit of humor.I only played the remastered version and the graphics are not that good, and the puzzles are really hard - I don't think anyone can solve those without any help. Nevertheless the dialogs are quite fun to listen to and the story is unique in its own way.Not sure if it's worth 15€ but it's not a bad game after all.7/10"
76561198024079716,Recommended,316790,26962566,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FrankenFurter,Bretty gud
,Recommended,316790,26952165,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ruruxo,I still can't remember the code to that ticket in Act 2!
,Recommended,316790,27024533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wile | Arrow,"Grate game of old and grate to see it come back from the dead, not only to be able to buy it again but with some very good improvments made and a joy to be able to play with a mouse now."
,Recommended,316790,30928508,Posted: 3 April,all,Renaissance Dude,It has a fun story and fun characters. Some puzzles are kind of hard to solve but it doesnt affect the game in a bad way.
,Recommended,316790,27107870,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alchemist Endrew,"Should you buy this game? Yes, you should.What this game lacks in model detail it makes up ten times in story detail. Grim Fandango is a puzzle game that tells such a story. The puzzle elements make sense, and even if you needed a guide or two to help you beat the game, under no circumstances did i say ""oh, that answer didn't make sense"".The characters, music, and plot is all beatifully done. The story goes on for quite some time, and takes the player to many different settings, all part of a big web of corruption, lies, money, and a dead salesman named Manny."
,Recommended,316790,26443058,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,番禺区,"Graphics are dated, it doesn't matter, it is still an awesome game and still play it again and again."
76561198147875850,Recommended,316790,26846391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MRM,Old but absolute gold
,Recommended,316790,26712864,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Squadron42,"One of the best LucasArts games of all time. If you ever thought of playing a classic adventure game, this is the rosetta stone that has been out of print for too long. Go get it!"
76561198009690713,Recommended,316790,26745196,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,lime,"1999-2016: a Grim Fandango OdisseyToday, November 22 2016 I finally finished a game I started playing 17 years ago. No, gentle reader, I haven`t been playing GF for the whole time. This is the story of a game I originally purchased back in `99 when it was launched, while shuffling between NY and London. Those days GF was a feast for the eyes for the underpowered PCs of the time. The sight of the square with the circus made gamers` eyes pop back in the day. In my first attempt at finishing the game I only was able to get as far as year 2 before gremlins made the CD disappear/I got lost in work and trans-continental moves.Forward thirteen years, gentle reader, and truly yours now well established in Asia, of all places, managed to get hold of a used CD of the game, well intentioned to finish what I started in another phas of my life. Alas, such attempt failed as new PCs could not run the game CD due to a killer bug (the infamous elevator scene). GF went once again back into that little folder of our existence where failed attempts rest. But fear not, gentle reader, as Steam came to the rescue four years later with a remastered version, which brings us to today`s fateful achievement. So, you may ask, how is the game? Well leaving behind the sentimental baggage of finishing something started in my salad days, esconced first in a tiny apartment on the upper west side and then continued in vain somewhere in Fulham Road, London, I must say the game is full of flaws despite the charming story and design. GF`s puzzles are amongst the most illogical and counterintuitive this gamer has ever run into (with a career spanning back as far as the Sinclair ZX81). Hence, play the game for the atmosphere but do keep a walkthrough by your side to avoid tearing out too much hair, fellow adventurer. Meliora!"
,Recommended,316790,26866030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HELLScreaM,"Great and fun game, wish there would be more of these games coming out that are actually fun to play.Sure there are Telltale ""Games"" coming out. There older one's are fun, but in the newer you're mostely pressing the same buttons in different sequences...Now a little more about this game.The story might be little challenging but is fun and every jokes is just as good! :DI also like the Soundtrack, but that's because I like Jazz.I'll make sure to replay this game an other time when I forget everything again in a couple of years.That's what I had to say about this game.-Fin"
,Recommended,316790,26870690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Guybrush Threepwood,"Perfect story, amazing OST, the best monster ever (Glottis)!Old not means bad.The incredible remastering of the Lucas Arts masterpiece."
,Recommended,316790,26509899,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mightygrinch,"Good game, only downside is that a couple of the puzzles are dumb"
76561198002524682,Recommended,316790,26894782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AjaxLexer,Playing this for the first time in 2016!Yet another excellent game from Double Fine.
,Recommended,316790,26895784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlmightyPants,"Grim Fandango is my favorite game of all time.  The writing is the best.  The music is incredible.  The art is amazing.  The characters memorable.  I loved it in the 90s and I still love it today.  The only shortfall were the controls and the Remastered version finally fixes that.  If you're on the fence, please buy this gem and see what you've been missing."
,Recommended,316790,26888692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-= Caneda =-,Good old days...inventive graphics with witty dialogues
76561198019008568,Recommended,316790,19255582,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,nousagi,"The Best There Is, The Best There Was, The Best There Ever Will Be.After 20 years of development, excitement, setbacks and struggeling for a comeback, the content remains the same (thank God & Tim). Graphics, controls and the amazing soundtrack have been remastered.Even if they would not have done anything to the game for the remastered version, it still would have been the best adventure game without any doubt and surely one of the best games ever done.Manny for President!"
,Recommended,316790,26925364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PlayfulMeeko,"An excellent remaster of a game approaching its 20 year anniversary. This game is nothing short of a ""classic""."
76561198072613185,Recommended,316790,14691205,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,David,Exactly like the original - still a fantastic game. I really enjoyed playing it again after all these years - it was as good as I remembered!
76561197990034052,Recommended,316790,14694440,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kurwlashnikov G. [NoBulls],R.I.P. Manuel Calavera <3http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2011/220/6/3/godfather_manuel_calavera_by_alsnow-d45ujb2.jpgThx Lucasarts
76561197998504206,Recommended,316790,14562102,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Red Agliator,"Warning: if you dislike ""hunt the magic pixel"" games, and puzzles that require you to walk back and forth many times, you may find Grim Fandango nothing but frustrating.Grim Fandango is all about the details. The story and setting are enjoyably strange, the characters are vivid, and the voice acting is hilarious. It goes the extra mile with dialogue, too: it's worth checking back with characters even after you think you've heard everything they have to say. This is definitely a game where I hate skipping any of the dialogue options--I don't want to miss any hidden gems.(Note that this review is based on far more than 2 hours playtime: I spent hours on it when the original came out.)"
76561198022696454,Recommended,316790,14605636,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cel.Mustard,"It's Grim fu***** FandangoIf you've played it before you know it's awesome, if you haven't just get it already."
,Recommended,316790,14198227,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Boswell23,"Absolutely stunning game, I loved the original as well as this one!! Theres a feature on it where you can switch between the remastered and the original graphics just by pressing the backspace button. It's an essential game for any PC/MAC/LINUX owner. Been waiting years for it and now i got it I dont regret anything, price is good too!! 10/10"
76561197991414013,Recommended,316790,14203587,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CommanderKoala,This is pretty much perfect. The overhaul makes the game look exactly how I remembered it as a kid. Can't ask for much more.
,Recommended,316790,14203607,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Anderson Cooper,I mean it's just fantastic
,Recommended,316790,14252692,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,GreaserDracula,Fun and amazing enviroments with grea characters! I love this game a lot and have been waiting forever to play it!  I hope you'll all consider purchacing this amazing game!
,Recommended,316790,14209016,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Masta Blasta,i'm in tears :D
76561197993743161,Recommended,316790,14213142,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,bohre,"Greatest game of all time, it's that simple. Now with updated graphics =D"
,Recommended,316790,19672137,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TurkeyKong,"I remember playing this game as a kid and watching my brother beat it cuz i was a stupid child. now that im a stupid adult I think its just as good as when i 'experienced' it as a kid. my rule of thumb for most purchases on steam is that every dollar spent should equal 2 hours of gameplay, but i can let that slide for this game as i spent 10 for it and only played it for 13 hours. do i see myself playing this later in life, yes."
,Recommended,316790,19657163,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Pablo Diehl,"Even this isn't my kind of game, I'm enjoying it because it's plot is pretty cool."
,Recommended,316790,19266165,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BKBE,"Depois de tantos anos voltar a jogar o jogo é simplesmente incrivel, e a versão esta muito boa, parece que voltei atras no tempo =)"
,Recommended,316790,19296551,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,allyhumphreys100,"Best game of all time. BUY THIS if you love bizarre point-and-click games, Art Deco, Jazz, Film Noir, Mexican cultures. It's just amazing. Brilliant soundtrack, great art, love the story, characters and themes in this game - it's truly a classic and has stayed with me since I first played it in '98. Difficult puzzles (and I'm ashamed to admit I had to use the walkthrough a couple of times), but defo worth the money.... in fact, it should be priced much higher than this."
76561198044414992,Recommended,316790,19373540,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,hefronica,"Excellent game. In fact, everything about this game is excellent (minus one thing - more on that later). I'd played this when it originally came out and apart from some vague recollections about having to run all around a 1940s noirish city (Year 2), didn't recall much about it. Which is good. Apparently it's also good I no longer recall the original tank control system, haha.You play as Manny Calavera, a Department of Death agent charged with selling travel packages to newly-departed souls in order to get them across the land of the dead and to their eternal reward. Except Manny's been getting so many less-than-stellar clients lately he decides to take things into his own (skeletal) hands and catch himself a real do-gooder, sure to qualify for the best package possible (and net Manny a big commission he can use towards paying off his own debt incurred by not leading such a stellar life). But things don't go as planned and Manny ends up trekking across the land of the dead, searching for the client that got away, trying to right all the wrongs that are being done by his department.A fascinatingly original story, combining Aztec/Mexican underworld myths with 1940s film noir, the game is broken up into four sections, each spanning a year in Manny's travels (though you're not playing through the whole year, thank goodness!). My favorite is easily Year 2, set in the city of Rubacava, where Manny finds himself the head of his very own cafe straight out of Casablanca - complete with piano player and gambling gendarme! There's also unionizing seabees (who are literally bees, heh), beatniks, and the big boss of the competing (and much more successful) gambling joint who has his own problems with women and underlings.Years III & IV don't seem as long or as involved as Year II, but maybe that's because they're not rooted in one spot and take place in many different locations. Year I is a lot of set-up (well-done setup) of the world and the main players and mystery, and is just fine, except I always wondered why Manny feels so compelled to climb that flag-thing so many times and for no apparent reason haha.The graphics are beautiful and full of things to click on/interact with, the music is amazing, the characters' personalities are distinctive and their motivations consistent (and they don't feel like set-pieces for Manny to use or manipulate, even though he is doing that a lot of the time), the dialogue/narration is believable and I love how when Manny is directed to look at or use something, his narration (which is obviously for the benefit of the player) is sometimes overheard by surrounding characters who will then respond (though not to the point where they wonder why he's talking to himself so much tee hee).The voice acting in this game is some of the best I've ever heard. Tony Plana is such a perfect Manny that I've never forgotten him and can easily spot him whenever he shows up on TV or in films (or at the theatre where I once worked!). Glottus is also great fun to listen to, as are the shady characters in Year II. And I can always spot Kay Kuter too (I know him from Gabriel Knight II).There were a couple times I had to consult hints (which I hate doing, argh). In Year I, because of a pixel-hunting failure on my part. In year II, because I failed to connect what I saw in a picture with a line of dialogue I'd heard much earlier. Year III, I was frustrated with my seeming inability to interact with a character, and in IV I hadn't tried something I could have sworn I already had.My only two drawbacks with the game:1) The inventory suuuuuucks. Ugh. I wish they'd changed this for the remaster. As is, you have to cycle through Manny pulling each object out of his coat before finding the one you want. A better way: another screen opens, all the objects appear as small tiles and you can then select the one you want.2) More nitpicky: something happens at the beginning of Year II that's always bugged me. Or rather Manny's lack of reaction to it has bugged me. A certain character actively impedes him from following - a move that's seemingly out of character at the time - and he never (far as I can recall) addresses this until he meets up with that character later on. Just a simple 'Why would she do that?! Something must be wrong!' after the cut-scene would have helped. Again unless I missed it, Manny reacts like nothing happened.Otherwise, a great game. Thanks so much for the remaster. Otherwise I wouldn't have been able to play. (Now bring out DOTT already!)"
76561198258340942,Recommended,316790,19257826,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,smellofrainonhotsteel,"This game was good when it first came out and not much has changed about it since then. If you want to journey through a interesting world with snarky commentary and fun puzzles this is the game for you. It is a little clunky, but still worth playing."
76561198124062820,Recommended,316790,19212788,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Redgrave622,This game is defenetly a good game. It starts out a little slow but the story gets addicting once the action happens.
,Recommended,316790,19352858,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Leper Snuggles,I'm so glad this game has been remastered. Grim Fandango is one of my all time favorite games!
76561198094805548,Recommended,316790,19350729,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,nightdweller,"Ahh...a classic, from a time where the adventure genere was THE genere.Holds up pretty well with a nice remake and an update of the control scheme to the modern age.Fun, witty, heartwarming and even touching story. greate voice acting, greate writing...If you never played it or if you're feeling nostalgic - you won't be disappointed."
76561198067774312,Recommended,316790,19112442,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,JonBax,"Same Masterpice, HD graphics!"
76561198221145420,Recommended,316790,20900501,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,chapinefilho,Extremely funny and intelligent game. Worth!!!
,Recommended,316790,20905254,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Snakey642,"For the game itself, the soundtrack, story, and writing are amazing. Some of the puzzles are pretty challenging, and there's almost no way I could have finished the game without help from a guide. I've only experienced glitches a few times (this could be because I was using tank controls), and while they do exist, they didn't affect the game for me.However, the remastering is mostly just some pretty minor changes. The soundtrack, resolution, and character/item textures look a lot better, but the backgrounds, models, and prerendered animations still look very dated. As mentioned earlier, I did not use the new point and click controls, so I'm not sure how good they are. Developer commentary is nice, but it doesn't really add much to the game. The 4:3 resolution didn't bother me either.Overall, this is an amazing game that I will certainly be replaying for years to come."
,Recommended,316790,20906165,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,apophis13,"Overall: 82/100 - B, Excellent!Graphics and Art: 9Sound and Music: 10Story and Plot: 10Controls: 7Creativity and Uniqueness: 10Mood and Immersion: 10Length, Content, and Replayability: 9Functionality: 5Character Choice and Customization: 3Challenge: 9Everything is this game fits together like a complex puzzle.  From the mood to the story to the music (like, epic-ly good music), Grim Fandango effectively creates an experience worthy of any Hollywood movie (from the days when movies were actually good!)  It's got well-crafted humor, interesting characters, and an actual story-arc.  It is a point and click adventure composed of puzzles, but it's a good point and click adventure.  The puzzles are difficult without being frustrating, and moving forward is a satisfying experience.  Beyond that, you just have to play it.  You might not play it twice, but it's definitely something you'll want to work through at least once.   Anything more would ruin it, so just try it out:)  A seriously cool blast from the past.  PS:  Yes, it has CTDs from time to time, but it doesn't really effect gameplay too much with this type of game; just remember to save from time to time.  I mean, it's not like there are difficult boss fights."
,Recommended,316790,27364755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WiNPhREAk,Playing this brought back some great memories. I had the original when it first came out back in the 90s and loved the story. It was great to experience the game again even though I had played through it several times as a kid. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a casual game with an excellent storyline.
,Recommended,316790,27363305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Steinblad,What can I say.  This was an amazing game back then and it still is an amazing game.
76561198019456280,Recommended,316790,27357047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Seth,An all time classic now remastered.
,Recommended,316790,27070293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Candyman,This game is great yet still buggy. Buy it
76561198029690861,Recommended,316790,27210742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mocking Byrd,"If you want a grim laugh, and a point-and-click fandango, then this is your game."
,Recommended,316790,27229470,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,courier6,"One of the classic Lucas Arts games and, in my opinion, the very best. The setting is unique, the story fantastic, and Manny's commentary is top notch. I was despondent after my CD stopped working, and bought the remastered version right away once it became available. Still fun to launch every so often to listen to Manny pull out his tiny hammer."
76561198025712181,Recommended,316790,27305710,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,limeni,Childhood Game :)
,Recommended,316790,27299884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jaz²,"Mostly stands the test of time. Good for at least 1 playthrough, which will take you about 10 hours i guess, if you've never played it before."
,Recommended,316790,27313439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strahinjatronic,"I would probably go as far as to say that Grim Fandango is the best game of the adventure game genre, nay one of the best for the PC ever. The 4 year Journey of the Soul™ of Manuel Calavera, sales agent for the Department of the Dead is riddled with character, witty humor, atmosphere, romance and the best kind of adventure with the incredible quality of the writing feeling fresh and holding up today as it did when it came out. It is truly one of the most heartfelt and incredible stories and worlds I've ever experienced.Short version:You need this in your life. Play it."
,Recommended,316790,27170885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mugawump,A great remake of a great game!
,Recommended,316790,27169532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,they storm up the river,Awesome game that really stood the test of time
,Recommended,316790,18023153,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,zakkyliar,"It seems his skin was sweet as mango,when last I held him to my breast,but now, we dance this grim fandango,and will four years until we rest.""Edit: Nominated this game for The “Test of Time” Award"
76561198263256091,Recommended,316790,27052155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clickster,This game is a classic for a reason. Anyone who even kind of enjoys point and click games should pick this one up for their collection.
,Recommended,316790,26991662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wayyu,True classic!
,Recommended,316790,21371875,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,NIИ,"One of the best adventure games ever created.Artistically awesome.Recommended if you love humor and great, funny, deep and memorable characters.It's a huge amount of nostalgia...10/10"
,Recommended,316790,21508368,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Brutal-M4,"A very challenging game,and the sound track is just awesome. very recommended o3o"
76561198046060015,Recommended,316790,21509639,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mahametta,"I first discovered this gem when I was but a wee lad, after watching my brother spend many, many hours plunking away at it in the late 90s.  I found it immersive and hilariously written, and longed for the day that I could play it myself.  Then my older brother left for college, took all his PC games with him, and I forgot all about the thing.  When I discovered it on Steam, it was a chance to have a long dream come true.This game is pretty damn good looking, very well written, well-acted, and provides a great number of challenges for the brain about how to progress them.  This still is a classic adventure title that's earned its place in gaming history, and you should totally play it.  Unless you're not really big on going to absurd lengths to decipher whatever whackadoodle thread of logic Tim Schaffer had on his acid-trip fueled mind when he devised them.  In that place, just go watch a Let's Play on YouTube."
,Recommended,316790,20019179,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,victordamazio,"I agree that while the game is awesome, the remaster is kinda lackluster, for these reasons:- Pre-rendered backgrounds are identical to the original version, the real time 3D models were changed into better ones, and new shadows were added to the backgrounds, but overall, the graphics didn't change much.- Game is still 4:3, 16:9 just stretches the game.- Cutscenes are the same, only with a new resolution.- No auto-save system.- Game can be still confusing and no hint system.- The game got a point-and-click interface, but I doesn't help that much since the game was made to be played with a keyboard and tank controls.- Bonus material like commentary and new soundtrack isn't that great for some.- Glitches, both that were in the original version and new ones that came with the remastered version.But on the other side, here are some valid excuses:- Many of the files of the original game were lost, and probably they lost the original 3D models for the backgrounds, so they can't pre-render them again, Wikipedia has details on this.- Since the game used fixed cameras, changing the game into a real 16:9 would require lots of work, and it's impossible without pre-rendering the backgrounds again, the camera can't be simply changed into 16:9, going where the graphics doesn't exist, the backgrounds are just 4:3 photos.- Grim Fandango was a commercial failure in 1998, so they can't spend too much on a re-release that could suffer the same fate, making the files from scratch could be really expensive, in fact, they seem to have spent a lot for a cult game like this.- The game was lost for a long time, with no digital releases, meaning that to play the game, you had to pay a fortune for the original 2 CDs, or pirate it, also, making the original version work on a new computer is kinda hard depending of your knowledge about computers, and now we can simply buy for a cheap price on digital stores and have less problems running it.- It's Grim Fandango, the game is awesome anyway."
,Recommended,316790,22075807,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Cobra Commander,"Very good game optimized poorly. Great writing and fun gameplay, but whenever my play theere is a static noise. It is not just my headphones, no matter what I try the static is there. Also causes my computer to turn off randomly but maybe that's just me."
,Recommended,316790,22052065,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake????,"This game is really good. The only problem with it is that it is one of those really old games with some cryptic, virtually unsolvable puzzles. I recommend using a walkthrough when you get really stumped, because some of the puzzles are just rediculous (Rubacava, Im looking at you). But do try to use as little of the walkthrough as possible, because you can only experience this wonderful game for the first time once."
,Recommended,316790,22059339,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,OhioMan,Decided to purchase this game since I still own the original game and have beaten it ages ago. They did a good job redoing this title and recommend it for those who have played this game when it came out.
,Recommended,316790,22090418,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Iron Marshal,gud game get it. viva la revolution.
,Recommended,316790,22073555,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ay lmao im jus tryna KNIT boi,"You get pretty much every achievement by talking to people and every achievement is literally, word for word, the quote you just heard.What a ♥♥♥♥ing game"
76561198084270941,Recommended,316790,22019003,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Commie shibe,very good game confusing puzzles  but one thing the controls change when the camera moves  and double fine please make a sequel if you can plz
,Recommended,316790,22147938,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Phygar,"After only about 20 minutes, I think you can probably tell if the game is for you or not.  It's hard to recommend, because it really depends on how patient you're feeling.  I would suggest giving it a try.Here's an example of what I really dislike about this game:There one puzzle where you have to cross a bridge, but it's covered in flaming beavers.  You have a fire extinguisher in your inventory.  Seems like an obvious solution, right?  Well, just spraying them with a fire extinguisher isn't enough, they'll jump in the water, then light back on fire when they get out.  How do you solve it?  You have to stand in a very specific spot, go into your inventory, take out a bone, throw the bone in the water, go into your inventory, take out the fire extinguisher, and spray it at just the right time, as the beaver as the jumps into the water.  Somehow, this chain of events kills the beaver permanently, and they never come out of the water.How does this make any sense?  I found that too many of the puzzles in this game just made no sense, or were impossible to solve using logic, and I'm hesitant to recommend it.Get a walkthrough, use it only when needed, and I think you'll enjoy the game for its story and characters, though.  The writing for the characters is witty, and I like the flirty dialogue. The game is fun when you're not banging your head against the wall."
,Not Recommended,316790,22163780,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"I liked this game at the beginning.  It had a fun setting with a sense of humor that captured my interest.  Unfortunately that diminished not long into the game, as the puzzles are simply unintuitive and require endless running around and trying every object on everything until something finally works.  One puzzle requires the player to trick Glottis in a way that is entirely out of character for Manny.  The only reason I even got past it was by accident because it simply didn't cross my mind that an apparently good-natured character like Manny would do something like that.I could overlook this because of the good writing the game has, but even that disappeared after a while.  Glottis very quickly turns into a typical, one-dimensional clown, which made me really dislike the character I'm probably supposed to enjoy the most.  His voice and stupidity are simply obnoxious and there's no excuse for a 2,000-year-old demon to be such a childish dunce.  The game attempts mechanics that are completely out of place and unsuited to the point-and-click genre, and it only results in frustration more than anything else.The worst part is that once the first part of the game is over, the narrative skips ahead a year and alienates the player by introducing a whole cast of characters who the protagonist intimately knows while the player has no level of familiarity with them whatsoever.  This is a horrible decision on multiple levels.  Not only does this create a division between the player and the protagonist, but it also ruins all of my motivation to care about the story or the characters and makes it difficult to continue playing.  Even disregarding that, it makes no sense for so much to develop in a single year.  Manny goes from an employee at a diner to the owner of a successful casino that didn't even exist before, and Glottis abandons his entire reason for existence that he claimed to be unable to live without so that he could play piano instead.  In addition, I found it very hard to believe that it would take an entire year for Mercedes Colomar to make her way through an area that Manny passed through in the space of a few hours at most.Because of all this, it's difficult for me to find any reason to continue the game.  There don't seem to be any redeeming qualities left and all engagement I had with the plot has been extinguished, leaving me with absolutely no motivation to continue.  The puzzles are poorly made and the pacing is atrocious.  I recommend looking elsewhere for an enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,316790,22164093,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ripaille,After 6 hours of game - under Linux - it is not possible to advance anymore. Blocked at the bottom at the ocean. I checked on a video where I should click and it is not clickable.
76561198212814528,Recommended,316790,21906491,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,theoceanisadesert,It's an absolutely hilarious game. I loved the dialogue and voice acting.
76561198107052652,Recommended,316790,20182155,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,paulvGER,A good remastered version of a timless classic.
76561197972343365,Recommended,316790,20195313,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,shabalaman,"My favorite game ever.  It blew me away when it came out, and continues to do so today."
,Recommended,316790,19875128,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VaultBoy,The best written game I've ever played. 9/10
,Recommended,316790,19899681,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,/ MegA /.:hax:.,OK I played the old version and own the new version. Hence the low playtime on record for my review. This is a very unique and very memorable game that's stylish and rich in storyline. You'll find that the music and visual graphics work well with the characters and their personalities. For me it's a nostalgic memory however for first time players it's a great introduction to the point-and-click era of computer video games.
,Recommended,316790,20218332,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Poppin'potatoes,Get it
,Recommended,316790,20246530,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Snake,"Such a great game. I played it so many times when I was little. It's weird how I still remember a lot of the dialogue lines. The remastered part is only shadows and better textures, but it's a nice change, and for the 3 dollars i got the game is perfect. There is not much more to say, one of those games like MI, Indiana Jones and others from Lucasarts that will always be remembered when thinking about the golden age of graphic adventures, there won't be another time like that and I'm so happy that i was able to enjoy it."
76561198062034166,Recommended,316790,17312900,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Skyhammer,This is one of the Best Story driven Games I've ever played and whats better is that it's acturally funny. 10 out of 10
76561198116055740,Recommended,316790,17340126,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Robot384,this game is great GET IT NOW
76561198136550578,Recommended,316790,18124423,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,aprilbugyt,"Never played it when it came out years ago, so thought I'd try it out when it came out on steam. LOVED IT!! The story, the characters, everything! I'm sorry I didn't by it years ago now! I was addicted! The minute I played it I couldn't stop! Did get a bit tricky now and again but it was worth it haha. Loved it, would highly recommend it! The story is just great and so fun!"
76561198041636869,Recommended,316790,18131609,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,Arguably the best Point and Click adventure game of all time. The Monkey Island games are the only others that might top it.
76561198184494515,Recommended,316790,18139736,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Zerkstorm,"For people who like ""point-n-click"" adventure games. Even though i like the genre i've never actually played this one until now. It's every bit as good as the Money Islands and what not, but a little twisted and dark. Glad i finally got around to playing it."
,Recommended,316790,18081076,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Th_,"If your new to point-and-click adventures and want a title that would make you want to jump on  the genre, this game isn't game you want. You would just end up frustrated, there's almost no action, the puzzles are very, very obscure and there is absolutely little to no help in-game.When writing this I was four hours and one-half of the way to the ending.  I played the original at '05 and I feel that this is a good remastering, the obscurity is still there but made easier to understand, and the feel of the game is more smooth than the original.The game was and is still a master piece of story telling in gaming, its memorable, heartwarming, and incredibly funny."
76561198119729419,Recommended,316790,17990387,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,the skateboarder Dom DeLouise,"Pretty fun so far. Looks very promising. Though I've never played any point and click games, I think this is a very amusing game even after 15 years in the dark. Though every point and click with a camera angle such as the angle used here has a problem. The controls become reversed the second you change camera angle and some times the character will just stop in the middle of running or walking. It also doesnt give any clear goals sometimes so you are stuck wondering about what to do. Other than that though id rate this game an 8/10."
76561198080157838,Recommended,316790,18108642,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Swarthington,Great story but people unused to point and click adventure games will probably need a walkthrough.
76561197984576500,Recommended,316790,18159873,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Moonshadow,Manny is my new best mate..........
,Recommended,316790,18104623,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,badjester42,"Grim Fandango tells the epic 4 year story of Manny Calavera. From travel agent, to espionage agent, to casino owner, to sailor, to hero. Play this game if you know whats good for you.10/10"
76561197972442783,Recommended,316790,25577164,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skarhead,"A classic adventure game, best in its class.  It makes my top 5 games of all time.  I played the original cdrom version years ago when it was released, but I prefer the remastered better.  The point and click interface is a huge improvement.  The film noir homage is fantastic accompanied by a great soundtrack.Some of the puzzles are tedious and not very logical, but doesnt ruin the game at all.  For casual adventure gaming this is as good as it gets."
76561198030963054,Recommended,316790,25597798,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,S0bchakS3curity,"Grim Fandango is a great (and unique) take on the film-noir game genre.  While only a simple point and click game, the entertaining characters, intriguing storyline, beautiful graphics and complex puzzles will keep gamers entertained for hours.  Obviously a lot of time, research and heart went into the making of this game and it shows.  Though made in the 90s this game feels as new as ever, and the Remastered version contains ""directors commentary"" giving gamers insight into the making of a classic.  If you're a fan of the old detective noir movies, then this game is for you.  I definitely recommend."
76561198082428105,Recommended,316790,25662749,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ClonicMechanics,I Dont know what people were thinking back when this first released. This game is a masterpiece and a cult classic that needs to be enjoyed by the world and i am so happy that it has been remastered to bring it to my generation. i also very much enjoyed the game from the characters to the story this game has touched me. but saying this is hard on a gameplay level the games control was good but i found myself having to reboot my computer a lot for the cutscenes would not load properly but knowing this i still had a great time with this game. I would like to give this game a 10/10 but sadly the gameplay problems bring it down to a 9/10.
,Recommended,316790,25647642,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,JDog2pt0,"First time playing Grim Fandango, and it's awesome. For a game released in 1998 I'm impressed. The voice acting, story, the humor, and the fact that the game is just plain fun to play all make it definitely worth while to check out if you're a fan of adventure games."
,Recommended,316790,25371103,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,pandahearts14,"I love the story and animation of this game, even though I thought the ending was an anti-climax, it's very worth your time."
,Recommended,316790,25693839,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Angle,"Solid adventure game with a great setting and story, the world was very fun to explore. A few puzzles could have been explained better."
76561197970410520,Recommended,316790,25526628,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zhone,"Play it! Buy it again even if you already played it when it came out in 1998. It's a must-have, personally my favourite adventure game if not favourite videogame in general."
76561198025699979,Not Recommended,316790,24884941,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,KiRa900,"Quasi sicuramente non mi è piaciuto perché ormai è un titolo troppo vecchio. Magari, giocato in passato, in età più giovane lo avrei apprezzato, ma al momento non mi trasmette nulla. Direi più un gioco riproposto in maggioranza per i vecchi nostalgici, ma non come nuova opportunità a chi non L'ha giocato, poi magari potrei sbagliarmi. Comunque per me è un no."
76561198020901730,Recommended,316790,25426436,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NickGR,A classic adventure game. Highly recommended!
76561198311573037,Recommended,316790,25424521,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ominoshadow123,Awsome !!! takes me back when i first played the original. love the game and love most of lucasarts games looking forward to more remasters this good in the furure
76561198025636585,Recommended,316790,25486618,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,bluebloodsteve,Great game! The next stage of point and click adventures and was one of the last of its kind. Very funny story and great imagery. Check it out if you've ever enjoyed point and click adventures.
76561198052590371,Recommended,316790,25497521,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spooku,"An excellent game, kinda sad I never played the original as a kid. I loved the stories, characters and puzzles so much I went to the trouble of getting all the achievements which I generally never do.I heard the game was quite buggy and I did experience one sooftlock. Also Olivias model can be a little spazzy but it doesn't get in the way, it's just funny.All in all good game."
,Recommended,316790,25497796,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,D0nATr0n,"In Christmas 1998 my Oldest-Favourite-Auntie (I have a lot of Aunties…and a lot of favourites!) purchased me the original version of this game. I had a very under-powered PC, even by those standards, with a horrific graphics and sound card. So much so, that everyone in the game sounded like they were talking in slow motion. For every line of dialogue. On both discs.I still loved and played the crap out of it. It was by far, my favourite game growing up, and up until the point where I purchased Final Fantasy VII about 5 years later (I was behind the times) for my (at that point upgraded to a VoodDoo2 GFX Card! WOW!) PC, I played it roughly every 2-3 months in full. I had every puzzle, dialogue choice and ‘level’ memorised. It never got boring, even taking in to account it sounded horrific listening to all those skeletons talking in slo-mo voices - it's a good thing I was desensitised to horror as a teen or this would have been proper nightmare fuel!So when I learnt this game had been re-mastered, I had to buy it. It took me 3 hours AFTER it finished downloading, to open it up. I was scared. Scared that it couldn’t live up to my memories, that my rose-tinted glasses of childhood had made a barely salvageable game seem magical.But I bravely opened it up, let it load. Clicked for a ""new game""...and then I heard, for the first time in my life, Manny Calavera’s true voice…and I fell in love with this magical game all over again.It played EXACTLY as I remembered…only everything sounded utterly fantastic! And it looked even more stunning than I recalled with the remaster! And the tank controls when playing with a proper keyboard! C’est Magnifique! I completed it, from memory, in a single session. Not with all the achievements mind, but I just needed to get to the end, and see if I felt the same as I did when I was 13 when I finished the game. It was even better, hearing it as it was meant to sound this time. It was a perfect moment in a life of gaming.I haven’t been able to bring myself to play it again since – it was such a perfect gaming experience I’m terrified that if I play it again I’ll spot something wrong or it just won’t meet up to that original play through I gave it that was so perfect. I will go back to it though. At some point.Now that the gushing is over I’ll try and be critical in the review.The script is expertly written, voice acted and executed. The mechanics are very ‘of the time’ for a LucasArt’s Adventure 90’s game, far from sophisticated and ‘perfect’ in a critical/technical sense, but perfect in every other way when combined with the aesthetic and beautiful design of this world. The Land of the Dead that you inhabit feels so rich and vibrant at times it’s hard to imagine this is the ONLY outing and exploration that has been made in to this world – there is so much opportunity now with the games revival for a series of mini-adventures around some of the smaller characters and/or new characters to be introduced in to this universe. I hope whomsoever owns the IP for this franchise now, is brave & aware enough of how valuable the product is, and what potential this world could hold for future games.For me, this is an absolute ‘Must own, must play’ game. No true gaming connoisseur can claim to be a connoisseur, without this in their collection.Purchase, play, and fall in love ☺"
76561197968235220,Recommended,316790,25478190,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,killfr0g,"One of the best adventure games ever made, I never got around to finishing the original but this remastered version is just as good. Works perfectly well with the steam controller too. Highly recommended!"
76561198187787498,Recommended,316790,22928063,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Professor Forfe,10/10 Would play again
,Recommended,316790,22946957,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ᛈᚪᛈᛖᚱᛋᚳᛁᚷᛁ,"The Short of ItAn aged, but well-preserved adventure with a story that's brimming with charm, a uniquely realized world, and some good old-fashioned dev logic.The Long of ItI never played Grim Fandango at it's original release; my PC gaming days were too far off yet, and frankly the lo-fi paper skulls aesthetic would have put me off at at age when I was pretty sure better graphics made better games. I entered into Tim Schafer's vision of the Land of the Dead with virgin eyes, unburdened by the heavy lenses of nostalgia, unchained by any sense of loyalty to the characters and stories and with a keen ability to criticize Mr. Schafer, despite liking much of his work.Which is why I'm glad to say that Grim Fandango is absolutely fantastic. Super duper. The♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not without reservation, but it's a game that easily landed on my ""must replay"" list; almost without even trying. Let's break down why.Graphically, it's impressive how little was remastered for this version--better shading on the character models, a bit of uprezzing for HD, but not much else--and even more impressive how well everything still holds up. It's rare for pre-rendered backgrounds to age as immaculately as these have, but here they are, twelve years old and still looking good. On a technical aesthetic level, Grim Fandango is a stellar example of a game that traded fidelity for style and traded well. That's not to say it doesn't show its age, a wonky animation here, that weird stutter any time something pre-rendered has to move, the slight jar for whenver it has to go from in-engine static images to fully animated cutscenes, but those were infrequent and unobtrusive. Everyone is paper maché paper skulls and it works. It just works.What works slightly less is gameplay. the oft-bemoaned tank controls have been removed (though can be turned back on for you purists) and while that's great, it also means that Mr. Calavera can fall prey to the ""walking, walking, scene change, camera flip, TURN AROUND! walking, walking, repeat"" problem. Left between that and tank controls, I decided tank controls were worse, but I still did occasionally suffer from a break in the action to stop and reorient myself, when I could have been moving on. This, compounded by things like that the inventory menu, while clever, made it difficult to consistently locate items in a timely manner or that the second major area, Rubacava, is uncomfortably huge, and it takes a not-insignificant amount of time to traverse it, even once you've figured out where everything is. All of that, on top of a healthy serving of Dev logic sprinkled throughout. Oh yes, we're going there.Grim Fandango, despite how well it's aged, is still a game of its time. Grim Fandango's time, as it happens, share a lineage with Secret of ""Attach rubber chicken to pulley""Monkey Island. I wont spoil any of the puzzles in this game, but I encourage you to spoil them for yourselves. Maybe don't look everything up right away, sure, I didn't. Explore, learn, try to puzzle it out for yourself, but keep a guide on hand for when you can't, because there's a pretty good chance you'll hit that point more than once. I'm not just talking like hard puzzles, mind you, I'm talking things that are just unintuitive, going to places you have no reason to be, looking at things you would otherwise pass up, that sort of thing.So why do I still reccommend Grim Fandango, a puzzle adventure game, so strongly despite its flaws being so harshly concentrated around puzzling and adventuring?It's ♥♥♥♥ing great, that's why. The land of the dead is colorful, varied, and fascinating, the characters are all well-drawn, with special attention to the extra dimensions of the main cast, and the writing is surprisingly mature for Tim Schafer, and not just in the ""They kill people sometimes"" sort of way. Manny Calavera is palpably not a good guy, but neither is he especially bad, just unscrupulous and a little desperate. Meche Colomar starts as a very good guy, girl, person, but later develops a very real (and thankfully not overdone) edge to her. The world itself has that great quality of showing you lots, while still hinting that there's so much more just beyond your horizon and it's all. Just. So. Fantastic.Look, do you like adventure games? Do you like funny things? Do you like Mexicana, even Americanized, kinda whitebread Mexicana? Do you Like Tim Schafer? Lucasarts? Do you like Skulls? If you answered yes to any of the above, get this game, download a guide, and give it a go. You won't regret it."
76561198005846873,Recommended,316790,22934300,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ShadowTemplar59,"Grim Fandango is my first adventure into the Point and Click genre and I am loving every minute of it. From the quirky humor to the ""smooth"" looking art style this game ozzes charm. I now see why this game is considered a classic by many people years after its realease.https://youtu.be/IcTRsuUqfzk"
,Recommended,316790,22647112,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,The Arkham Knight,"Why did Double Fine have to make this games puzzles take so long? How was I supposed to know that I should get a Cat, 2 dead worms, bread, Fill up the worms, shove them down a tube, and then fiddle with a lock JUST TO GET ONE CLIENT?! Still would recommend this. Great game. 10/10 IGN"
76561198152148006,Recommended,316790,22803390,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MostLucky,i liked it
,Recommended,316790,22776614,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,caatbox,"No tuve la oportunidad de jugar a este título cuando salió, y ni siquiera había jugado antes a las típicas aventuras gráficas de LucasArts.  No obstante, este juego me ha parecido fantástico.El estilo artístico me encanta, los personajes son memorables, las historias y conversaciones divertidísimas. Este es, básicamente, un juego de puzzles; pero en mi opinión no son los puzzles los que te atraparán, sino la música, los personajes y los escenarios.Los puzzles... pues son una locura. No tienen sentido. Eso no significa que no sean divertidos, todo lo contrario, pero muchas veces son tan locos que al resolverlos no sentirás que has resuelto un enigma, sino que pensarás que los desarrolladores estaban locos. No todos los puzzles son así, obviamente, pero pasarás tanto rato con ellos que serán los que te marquen.El juego no es perfecto: el ritmo del juego es muy variable, ya que tiene un formato prácticamente episódico y algunas partes del juego se me antojan poco trabajadas; sobre todo si las comparamos con la joya de este juego: la ciudad de Rubacava.En definitiva, un juego muy divertido,  limitado por las mecánicas de su época (donde los puzzles tenían que hacerte arrancar los pelos de la cabeza para ser considerados buenos)  y de ritmo y calidad variable, con unos personajes memorables, una música increíble y una dirección artística sobresaliente.9/10, imprescindible"
76561197989558660,Recommended,316790,26045624,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,statusreport,"Great classic, we're having a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,316790,25828996,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheFistofNod,"One of my favorite games of all time, and that's saying a lot.  The music, the art, the voice acting, the puzzle-solving, everthing is 10/10.  Best of all, you really care about the characters."
,Recommended,316790,25860016,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Pita,is nice
76561198032331340,Recommended,316790,26497504,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Talynn67,"It is a remake, but it is a fun adventure and story to experience."
76561198069440212,Not Recommended,316790,26757242,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,manofsuit,"Grim Fandango appears to be an amazing game, with an excellent story and hilarious dialogue. I wasn't able to play it when it originally came out, and was naturally thrilled when (after years of unavailability) it was re-released.However, this remaster is packed with problems, including one frustrating glitch which completely prevented me from solving one of the puzzles - essentially making the game unbeatable. As googling the solution resulted in info at least three different bugs connected to the same puzzle, it seems pretty clear that there are some significant technical issues here. I have to wonder if the positive reviews here are actually based on the version on sale, or on memories of the classic release - by all accounts, that isn't the only puzzle people have run into trouble with, and the lack of autosave almost ensures that major bugs will force a player to start over.It's also a bit disappointing to hear ""re-recorded soundtrack"" used as a selling point. I'd much rather hear the original synthesized soundtrack than a later orchestral rendition, especially when the money required for an orchestra would clearly have been better spent on bugfixing and fine-tuning some of the more erratic puzzles. It's hard to tell which textures have been ""remastered in high-res"" and which haven't - but I can say that the lines on the back of Manny's head look surprisingly pixelated for a remaster.I'd love to recommend this. Or even be able to play it fully. But there's really no excuse for a game this beloved to be released with so many major issues."
76561198046809990,Recommended,316790,24376686,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,That American Narrator,"This is tied with Undertale as my favorite game of all time. The puzzles are very cryptic, so much so that I used a guide for the entire game. However, don't let this discourage you from playing the game. The story was well worth the large amount of hours that I put into this game. If you're just looking for a game, than you might be better off looking elsewhere. If you're looking for a wonderfully creative story and ingenious point-and-click adventure, though, you're in for a treat. This point-and-click adventure is just that: an adventure. Enjoy it!"
76561198079864631,Recommended,316790,28194266,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,the noisefucker,"i'm not a big fan of point and click games but,this one is an absolute masterpiece, after a year of having this game on my library because of an openGL issue, i finally was able to play it and i love it, the music, the story,the voice acting, everything is wonderful, i hope more people are able to enjoy this masterpiece"
,Recommended,316790,27324543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Huevor,"Run, you pigeons. It's Robert Frost."
,Recommended,316790,28717159,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Benj,"Very difficult game, but interesting storyline - you can really spend hours exploring without figuring it out though."
,Recommended,316790,29245257,Posted: 14 January,all,LSRQ,"Ignore all the aspects that make the game seem old, sure the original was from 1998 and the remastered edition didn't make it look like something similar to a triple A title, but this game is a classic. It's remastered for a reason.Play this for a fun, hilarious, entertaining, adventurous and puzzling experience. This game is lots of fun and really worth the money!"
76561198286036403,Recommended,316790,29250933,Posted: 14 January,all,RottenPumpkin,AN OLD FAVORITE - I WILL PROBABLY PLAY IT A DOZEN MORE TIMES
,Recommended,316790,23059922,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CheesyPotato,"I needed a walkthrough becausethe game is hardthe game is oldi suck.I love Point and Clicks. I played some good, some really badThis is one of the best, if not the best one i've played"
76561198177255291,Recommended,316790,23113826,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,tobimaro,"Never played to a better adventure game. Imagination, great design, irony, I enjoyed every single moment playing it.Bought back on steam and I felt the same way. Great, great game!"
,Recommended,316790,23257364,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Plant Ghost,The run button is your friend.
,Recommended,316790,23413004,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,トド (Todd),"I loved this game. I didn't think I would, but I knew it was popular back in the day.I've always had trouble with adventure games. They're either not interesting or entertaining enough. Usually the puzzles take forever or are just plain time wasters or requires you to run errands back and forth. This had had just the right amount of stuff I wanted in an adventure game.This game didn't have any dumb time waster puzzles. I did have trouble with some parts because I've never been good at adventure games, but I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The story was entertaining and kept moving along at a nice pace.This was the first time I've played through this game and I also listened to the commentary along the way, which was entertaining as well. I highly recommend this game. It brings back memories of games during this time period such as Final Fantasy VII and the like. It makes me want to make an adventure game myself."
,Recommended,316790,23409954,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Impressively Mediocre,"Once I started playing 'Grim Fandango', I could not stop!"
76561198077942975,Recommended,316790,16843179,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tkrisz1981,"This game is still one of the best adventure games ever created.It has its ambiance, the good voice acting and music. The graphics are old but its fine for and old game like this, the animations are done well. If you like this type of games it can be a good adventure for 8-10 hours, with the good story and humor you will enjoy your time in the eight afterworld. :)"
76561198207940348,Recommended,316790,16788552,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Intruppaman,One of the best game I've ever played.Loved it
76561198042898754,Recommended,316790,16801133,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Billy Ray Cyrus,"While this game in some parts feels revamped it lacks some of it's cutscene color near the end of the game in some parts. This game is also a little complicated because it makes you think what to do next instead of laying out instructions of what you need to finish. However, I would recommend the game to everyone."
76561198194459855,Recommended,316790,16804449,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PhibesX,So very awesome! <3
76561197993308032,Recommended,316790,16088066,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ralasuco,"My #1 point-and-click game. If you like point-and-click games this is a must-have. Rich characters, engaging story, enjoyable theme and a charismatic protagonist what is there not to like about this game."
76561198156055953,Recommended,316790,16192932,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ryuuk,"Epic and legendary game from my childhood. You can't see a hero like Manny Calavera, a friend like Glottis and a love like Meche. If you played this game before you must have the feeling of remembering good memories like to find your old friend after years. Every dialogue can put a smile on your face and every little creative detail makes you feel like you live in this game. Awesome game musics make you stop at some scenes and keep listening the music till the end. Remastering this game is great opportunity for whom not met this game before.Adding mouse control and new interface is a good improvement it will make you interact Land of the Dead faster.""Viva la revolucion"" Salvador Limones"
,Recommended,316790,16194221,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[NO]Spacenoodle,Quite happy with the remake.
,Recommended,316790,16340295,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AdhSeidh,Best characters and story ever. That simple.
,Recommended,316790,15923549,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Leroy Peterson,"Great game. Funny and well told story.Im not one for puzzle games, so found some puzzles to be illogical and convoluted.had 4 game-breaking bugs during my playthrough. Had to resort to old saves. Interface and movement is very clunky."
76561198061271171,Recommended,316790,15933101,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hairy Scotsman,The Best Point and Click puzzle game ever made
76561198125173296,Recommended,316790,16425085,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ngilsdorf,"One of the most beautiful games I have ever played, both in artwork and soundtrack. Story is engaging, though leaves a lot to be desired at the end. Some of the Puzzles can be challenging/not obvious. I would highy reccomend using an online hint guide if you need help."
,Recommended,316790,16268336,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Fred,"Fantastic game! Some puzzles totally went past me, but hey! That's what the Internet is for."
,Recommended,316790,16408597,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ChanceWolf,Fantastic! Absolutly a work of art from the early days of Lucas Arts. Definitly worth it for a good story telling almost theatric experiance.
,Recommended,316790,16349101,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ЈОЅԐҎӇЇ ҠЯДҚФШЅҠІ,"An old point-and-click game. Very fun, story's very interesting too. This one's a buy."
76561198182578547,Recommended,316790,15794224,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,LanceJohnsonTheReal,i just got this game and why is the voice choppy this is remasted right
,Recommended,316790,16040956,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hubert Cumberdale,"This game, was fantastic. Hands down, one of the greatest games i've ever played in my entire life. And the ending teared me up. Just, the philosophy in the people, the music, the gameplay, the dark humor, the everything. This game was so good. I recommend you buy this if you have not played it. it is a classic. Please play this game. 10/10 one of my top games."
76561198076428596,Recommended,316790,16745150,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Werezerg,"Amazing game! For me this is probably the best adventure game out there, together with the deponia series.Great puzzles, not too easy, not too difficult. You dont just try around, no, you get an idea and then it works. Thats who puzzles should work!Also the humor and the setting is amazing. So many crazy funny characters and situations here... but i dont want to spoiler anything, just get the game yourself!Also the ""remastered"" worked fine for me. I think the voice got added with the remastered and i enjoyed the voice over a lot, so thats a great improvement!Overall (10/10)."
,Recommended,316790,16752846,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,plasTUSK,"Such an excellent game. Really some of the best dialogue. I truly wish it was longer, because, if you're like me, you won't be able to pull yourself away from this one."
76561198066709937,Recommended,316790,16620412,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Stormtruper,"Ok so I've been playing for like 2 hours and I still haven't progressed beyond the first little mission.You're Not as Smart as You Think You Are Simulator would be a more accurate title.BUTThis is my first time playing Grim Fandango in any sense, and I'm in love. It looks good, the controls are retro and fun to get the hang off, surprisingly. The dialogue is great and Manny Calavera is that sarcastic type of uninspired that's easy to be charmed by.This game is a blast back into the days of my video game youth, and I'm very excited to figure it out and explore its world."
,Recommended,316790,16689544,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BasketCase209,"I used to play this game back when it first came out in... I wanna say '98? I had the old CD-ROM from back in the day and the strategy guide sitting around but when I tried to install it Windows 7 was not having it. Oddly enough a few months later my brother tells me it was rereleased on Steam so I bought the ever loving %@#^ out of it and got to tearing it up.It's a really difficult puzzle game but was extremely well written, voiced and executed. It's very nostalgia provoking if you were a fan back in the day but I'd imagine it's still fun even if you weren't a Grim Fandango groupie in the late 90's."
,Recommended,316790,16690156,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tommy Montaña,This is now one of my favourite games. Just recently picked this old classic when it was on sale and It impressed me alot. It has the walking dead type controls with detective themed gameplay and day of the dead style. If you want to try something new I really recommend this game.
,Recommended,316790,16724335,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Odditude,"One of the greatest games I have evern played.The game is so much fun, has a lot of hard and will charm your pants off.It is also very challenging and I found actually having to stop the game, think abouthe solution and coming back to the game later in the evening.It has consumed me for the whole duration of the game."
,Recommended,316790,17174909,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,milo0221,this was a really great game i recomend to anyone who likes these types of games! :)
76561198079736834,Recommended,316790,17258134,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Xenoderp,Played it for the first time a week ago. Then I played it again. Right now I'm debating whether or not to buy the Iphone version. Can't rate this game highly enough.
,Recommended,316790,17041096,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"I'd never played Grim Fandango in its original incarnation, having favored console gaming at the time. I was very pleased to see it on the rack during the latest sale, and grabbed a copy to experience what I have been told is a must-play game.You play Manny, a resident in the Land of the Dead (in a Dia de Los Muertos styled world). Tiring of your job selling better afterlives to the poor, you devise a scheme to reach the bullet-train to the next afterlife. When the scheme backfires horribly, you task yourself with finding a woman whom you believe you've wronged, which sets you down your own journey to the end of this world.Lots of fun for fans of Adventure series games. Plays like a point-and-click, but with WASD/Analog movement, and interactive conversations. The general aesthetic of the game is what does it for me, and I'm always finding myself entranced in this little world. Very funny dialogue, extremely interesting characters, head scratching (but not hair-pulling) puzzles, and a story that keeps you playin'. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,316790,17107595,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Guac Bowl Merchant,Amazing!
,Recommended,316790,17086565,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ｇｒａｙキツネ,"5/5 one of the best games ever made. if you like great writing, and skeletons you love this."
76561198132965626,Recommended,316790,15747197,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pong is better than CS:GO,"This game is AMAZING. Never played the original, but I think this game was really well redone based off gameplay footage.9.8/10.0.2 is missing because I got stuck a couple of times, but still, GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,316790,14655805,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,-L7- themaniacboy,"One of the greatest adventure games i've ever played and the remaster is subtle, but very great."
,Recommended,316790,15596965,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Grim,"Has it's frustrating moments (use a walk through every so often to avoid getting stuck missing something or not getting the absurd puzzles) but it's still a great classic with great writing, dialogue and art style."
76561198005084345,Recommended,316790,15634510,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,-77-,"The nostalgia is real, I remember playing this for hours and hours trying to get Manny to the 9th level of hell. I have no dislikes about this game - 10/10!"
76561198090551223,Recommended,316790,15805742,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,blackdog1232,my game dosent work properily
,Recommended,316790,15808016,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Maxaxle,"It's pretty much what you'd expect from a rerelease of Grim Fandango, but with more glitches."
,Recommended,316790,15822795,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,EnergyUAE,Best Adventure Game of All Time
,Recommended,316790,15825443,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,AuroraGoryAlice,"I highly recommend this game!  Not only for those seeking the nostalgia factor (as I was), but also new players.  With the new remastering, I feel like there's something for everyone.  The story is great, the mood created by the surroundings and artwork is great, it's just all around a wonderful game that I loved the first time and every time after."
,Recommended,316790,15798338,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Hailkomputer,"This game, I like to keep it next to where my heart used to be..."
76561197971249489,Recommended,316790,15672437,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,af7f,"A great remake. I tried to replay many years after release but it just looked horrible because of the resolutions. Im glad this was remade. Good Gameplay, and great Story."
,Recommended,316790,15674868,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sir Deathwish,"Like piont and click advanture puzzle games? Of course you don't, because no one in thier right mind ever did. This game is so great however that it still is somehow enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,316790,15855500,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Crucadi,"I love this game. The graphic content, the story, the jokes and everything. It's so brilliant! It's at least 10 years since the last time I played it, having so much fun replaying it and living through the stories again! :D"
,Recommended,316790,15792537,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TWO7ONE8,"A true classic, it never gets old."
,Recommended,316790,15793157,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Pluche,"Having played the original game in 1998 I was quite pleased to see it released again and completely remastered. The locales, the music, the dialogs, all unforgetable made for a very pleasant trip back into memory lane. This new version comes with some new features such as a point-and-click interface which the original game didn't have. Personally I didn't have any trouble with this new interface and, dare I say, I even like it. Visually the game is still the same. Don't expect the objects and the backgrounds to have been redone and retextured. The original characters are still the same, complete with their blocky limbs but with HD textures on them. Hard to believe that the original game was built around the Dark engine, which also powered the games Jedi Knight and Mysteries of The Sith.This being said, this remaster isn't without some spots. For one you have to remember to save your game at regular intervals, something that can be forgotten when you're deep into puzzle-solving. Problem is that the game sometimes freezes, locks you into a specific camera angle of the main character becomes unresponsive which can be frustrating, especially if you haven't saved for a while. All gripping aide, Grim Fandango is still one of the finest adventure games out there."
,Recommended,316790,15787814,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,"Ill be brief, the game its self is a bright shinning diamond swimming in the pool of uninspired dull first person shooters and broken games.The remaster is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, aside from better lighting, sharper lines and in game commentary. Its riddled with bugs, glithes and sadly no auto save.As flawed as it is get it anyway, you will neve experience anything like it in this day and age"
76561198014882011,Recommended,316790,15769469,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Samwise86,"The new soundtrack is beautiful and thank god for a control scheme other than 'tank'. After a long absence from my life I've found myself loving every minute of this remastered edition. All the content appears to be the same (no need to change what isn't broken) and I've had a completely bug free experience. For fans of Broken Age, do yourself a favour and revisit one of the reasons why Tim Schafer is a titan in the gaming industry."
,Recommended,316790,15779111,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,mattshutter,A classic from an exciting time in PC gaming (1998). This remastered edition is an excellent port with a great soundtrack. Thanks to Double Fine & Lucasarts crew.
76561198011404700,Recommended,316790,15779130,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ThatGuyYouKnow,"Looks beautiful, one of my favorte games of all time. Great story and characters"
76561198070067741,Recommended,316790,15780531,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Benji_boy1,"I never liked point-and-click adventure games. I always got frustrated by the puzzles, and often lost interest within the first hour. I have never had that problem with Grim Fandango. Yes, the logic behind some puzzles can be a little confusing, but I always find  the best feeling to be when you reach the right solution. The writing is great, the music is amazing, and I am glad I decided to try this out."
76561198019377162,Recommended,316790,15654140,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,astrodroid,"It's a really classic masterpiece.This remaster improves the original game and makes it more accesible, although it's to be noted that some rough edges remain mostrly it terms of the controls.Nonetheless I've loved the humour, the atmosphere, the characters and the jazzy music.Some of the puzzles are a bit obsucure, more than just hard, forcing you to try every dialog option to proceed, still that's nothing that should not stop you from enjoying the game."
,Recommended,316790,18534849,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DougM [CS.MONEY],Played this a lot when I was a child.This marked my life.I really love this game.
,Recommended,316790,27363047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snàporaz,"Really glad of this remastered version, it really polished things up. It must have been a good 14 years or so since i last played the original, but it feels like navigation is smoother than it used to be, also the remastered graphics emphasize on the genius art direction that holds up well in time. The OST is ridiculously good, Companeros and 9th Heaven are two songs i quite often return to. Anyway, developers used to publish fully developed games back then and Grim Fandango portrays the fact that games can actually be art."
,Recommended,316790,27379242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beemo,"I could not love this game more, loved it since the first time I played it years ago and had been waiting for this remaster for years since the disks stopped running on my computer. Couldn't be happier that this is now a thing! If you haven't ever played this game, go and do it, dummy! <3"
,Recommended,316790,27412480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,juvejazzman,"A true classic of the point-and-click adventure game genre. Played it and loved it when it first was released in 1998. The remastered version isn't much of a change from the original, but that is hardly a problem given that the original was already so good.A nicely imagined world of the dead, lovely voice acting, and some nice humor. Plus relatively easy steam achievements too!"
76561198000687051,Recommended,316790,27369959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Retarded Chimp Assault,"This game is an absolute must, no ""gamer"" can call himself that without playing this.Great jokes, Great Story, Great Feelings, Great Rythm, Great Writing, Superb Music, this is one of those few game i would give a 10/10... maybe the graphic department and movment of characters could be upgraded to newer standards but the classical look is still flawlessm and having a remaster version is a blessing from the gods themselves.P.S: you ""need"" the soundtrack, you dont know it but you do."
,Recommended,316790,27405750,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twoplumsforone,Old school classic re-mastered. Get around this
,Recommended,316790,26915004,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ionwind,They don't make games like this anymore.
76561198089526762,Recommended,316790,26960746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salamandra,A true classic. Be warned: You'll need to think to solve the puzzles.On the brightside...you'll be playing this game
76561198041891495,Recommended,316790,26947384,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tres,Great!
,Recommended,316790,20056285,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CAT,"tried to use pick up command on a massive cat turdmanny laughed hysterically for about half a minute at the top of his lungs, didn't pick it upgood"
76561198255691282,Recommended,316790,23041113,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zulubot,"10/10This game features everything including Robert Frost.If you are having doubts just get it, it is light hearted, very funny, and features some ridiculous and difficult puzzles."
,Recommended,316790,23029228,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Slaaneshi Breast Enthusiast,"If you haven't played it... what are you waiting for. This is one of the best adventure games ever, and it's amongst the many great games that came out during that genre's heyday that secured LucasArts a very high place in the pantheon of developer studios.Seriously. Play it. Don't read. Play."
,Recommended,316790,23029934,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,sadlonewolf,"Great game, but the mechanics are a little aged. I would recommened playing it with a guide open just so you can enjoy the story."
76561198071155090,Recommended,316790,22580221,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,bolynik,"This is such a beautiful game... great characters, great story. It's absolutely hilarious but also has very touching and sad moments. The writing is brilliant. Puzzles can get quite difficult and confusing, but overall most are fair. Many say that this is one of the best adventure games ever made and you can't argue with that. It's a masterwork and hopefully they remaster more adventure games (ie. Lucasarts) from the 1990s."
,Recommended,316790,22622468,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,G-rant,"One of the best adventure games ever made. Some of the solutions to the puzzles are super off-the-wall, though, which may very well be it's only real weakness. Other than that it's a solid 9/10 and a classic."
76561198197572325,Recommended,316790,22607603,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,georgemt84,"Game would crash my entire computer from time to time, rather annoying but I still got through it.Overall, it's a very good story, great voice acting and great characters.Big worlds with lots of gadgets make it very difficult to deal with the standard random logic of these 90's point and clicks.  Year 2 and 3 are the worst, 1 and 4 isn't so bad.  Walkthroughs are my friend.One example of stupid logic: You can never ever ever combine inventory items..... until about twenty minutes before the end when you can.... but only when the first item is still sitting where you find it... so if you pick it up, you're screwed, you have to run all the way back, put the thing back on the shelf and THEN combine them.... so even if you get the bizare logic that this ONE time in the whole game you need to combine two items, you can only do it in a very specific way..If you're used to this kind of wierd 90's point and click logic, you'll love this game..  i found it frustrating, but the great story is worth the pain.  If you don't like this style of game, I can't imagine this changing your mind."
76561198178635041,Recommended,316790,22834355,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GameRoomFilms189,"Grim Fandango is AWESOME. The cutscenes are brilliant, and they're so good that I want a movie! The camera angles make this a great point-and-click game for begginners, and sets the atmosphere along with the music. The character interactions make the game so charming, and the voice acting is top-notch. One of the most underrated games I've ever played, it has aged very well! I recommend it to anyone who likes satisfying puzzles or a charming world brimming with personality. A must play!!!"
76561198187124242,Recommended,316790,22225985,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Pauliina,"Best game ever! I just love the music, characters and story. I played the original version when I was younger and few times through this remastered version. The story is so good that you don't mind playing it in every few years. 6/5"
76561198045038712,Recommended,316790,22240879,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CatF4ce,
,Recommended,316790,22450802,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,lucaskfreitas,"This ""remaster"" is incredibly disappointing.Thankfully, not nearly enough to compromise the experience of playing Grim Fandango, which still is one of the best adventure games ever made."
,Recommended,316790,22311342,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Acerayl,"I remember playing this when it first came out, my brother and I popped this in to our 8x CD-ROM drive and had a blast with the humor and characters in the game. This was right after we played Space Quest (another point-and-click classic), so we were big on the point-and-click humor games (we got Full Throttle after we finished this). So when we saw this on Steam we both freaked out, and of course both bought a copy when it was released. What a trip down memory lane, both of us on TeamSpeak remembering how to solve the puzzles, and the jokes throughout the game.Now, the Remastered Edition not only gets the game working for Windows 10, Mac, and Linux (woot), but it adds new art. The issue is the new art is over the old art, and there are some scenes where the old art conflicts with the new, or they cross over causing some art issues. The last two cut scenes also kicked me to the main menu screen for a second before going back and playing, which was weird. The music is great, though at times it sounded too digitized, but you can tell the new music and it sounded great. With all that in mind the new art, the ability to play It on modern systems without setting up DosBox, and the new soundtrack, the game is worth the price even if you already own the old version.For the hidden achievements, just play the full game, talk to everyone, touch and look at everything, basically enjoy everything about the game. It is well worth it for fans of the original and point-and-click game fans."
76561198137793865,Recommended,316790,17794474,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CatWithGlasses95,"As a console gamer, I never found out about any of these games in my youth. I only heard about this game through various top 10 lists of ""funniest video games"". I only recently started playing point n' click adventure games, starting with ""The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition"", so I came to the game with a fresh perspective.Grim Fandango is set in the Aztec afterlife; where the souls of the dead are tasked to travel four years through the Land of the Dead to reach eternal rest. You play as a grim reaper/travel agent named Manny Calavera, who sells travel packages to the deceased to make their trip shorter. Manny tries to sneak his way up the corporate ladder, but inadvertenly gets an innocent woman wrapped up in a criminal scheme and must set out on his own four-year journey to find her. Along the way, he meets a large cast of colorful, humorous characters. A speed demon with a car obsession, an over-excited coat checkout girl, a rather abrasive little person, unscrupulous gangsters, beatniks, revolutionaries, and many more. The entire cast is hilarious and offer some rather witty dialogue and make the story come alive, despite everyone being dead.The game itself, is primarily a graphic adventure game; mostly told through the dialogue choices of each character and the multiple items Manny acquires that forward the plot in some bizarre manner. This is an issue of many adventure game, but in a few cases, it creeps its way into this game too. A few of the puzzles are rather obtuse and the logic sometimes doesn't make much sense. Although most of them come naturally and often end in humorous results. One such puzzle involves a balloon animal in the shape of poet, Robert Frost.Grim Fandango wasn't originally a point n' click adventure, but the remastered version here offers the choice if you're not interested with tank controls or if the camera-relative movement controls are too awkward for you, especially because the game works on a Resident Evil-style fixed camera view.Despite the obscure puzzles and a few technical snafus, the game is still one of the best experiences from the utter uniqueness alone."
76561198033387908,Recommended,316790,17811942,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,This is a really enjoyable point and click. A classic love story between two skeletons on their way to the after-after-life. Some really great comic scenes. A forbearer of some of the more modern 3d point and clicks
76561198128330926,Recommended,316790,17514256,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,[N2R]Clunker,"This is my personal favorite game of all time, the music is perfect, the story is grand, and the characters are immedialty lovable. Please do yourself a favor and purchase this game, and help it's legacy live on."
76561197960396290,Recommended,316790,17800918,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,headshot,"The best adventure game ever made. Hilarious writing, great puzzles, nothing beats it."
,Recommended,316790,30517194,Posted: 14 March,all,Horrific Hyena,Its one of my favortie games of all time. Its a noir set in the underworld where a skeleton and his skeleton pals corruption. It has great characters and humor that doesnt take from the moment where it want to be serious.
,Recommended,316790,17829933,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AqueleBusa,"I'd never played this game, but I heard about it a lot to get my curiousity piqued. I bought this remastered version without knowing what I'd get (some remasters can be particularly ♥♥♥♥♥♥), but I was not disappointed. What you'll get with this is:Graphical enhancements in character textures and lighting, as well as a live-orchestra re-recording of the original soundtrack;Incredible multilanguage support, with audio and subtitle options for 6 different languages;Tank control option for the whole game (thanks, Tim!);Extras such as developer commentary and concept artIt's a great remaster for both those who want to replay this classic and the ones who want to discover it for the first time. Worth every penny!"
76561198100644784,Recommended,316790,17133355,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,rburlacenko,"excelent, one CLASSIC"
76561198038133830,Recommended,316790,31095053,Posted: 12 April,all,CricketStyleJ,"7/10. I recommend this game, but with some reservations. It is aesthetically pleasing, but the game play is clunky.I enjoyed the setting, the characters, the art style, the music, and the dialogue. The plot is somewhat disjointed and rambling, but that didn't ruin the game for me. It has charm, humor, and wit.This game is often considered to be the gold standard of the retro point-and-click adventure genre, and perhaps deservedly so, but that doesn't stop it from suffering many of the same problems that plague similar games. The tedious walking back and forth, the pixel hunts for tiny inconspicuous items, the main character who constantly says ""I don't want to do that,"" etc.The puzzle difficulty is all over the map. Some are so easy that the game is basically telling you what to do, while some are just inscrutable, even after you know the solution. That's not to say they're all bad. In fact, I'd say a majority are fine. But honestly, some of them are the kind of thing you only figure out after trying every possible thing, long after you've run out of ideas that actually make any sense.So, if you like this style of game and haven't played Grim Fandango, give it a try...but keep a walkthrough on hand. Most of the game will be more fun without it, but I can just about guarantee that there will come a time when you will get stuck. It's just too easy to overlook some little thing, and you won't be able to progress without it."
76561198041960174,Recommended,316790,28820502,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Babafemi,I don't want to mess up my blade.
76561198290238998,Recommended,316790,31286767,Posted: 21 April,all,Clarence,"Grim Fandango is said to be the best adventure game ever made. While I think its dated mechanics makes Grim Fandango kinda hard to redeem, I can affirm it is still the most momerable adventure game out there. There is enough heart, imagination and good idea to be worth a detour even today as there is not a single game like this one. Just use a guide to save your frustration."
76561198271895036,Recommended,316790,30131453,Posted: 23 February,all,Chinchillidawg,This game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥rock hard.
,Recommended,316790,30360804,Posted: 6 March,all,pizza boobs,"A cute mix of Mexican folklore, Noir, puzzles and sass.I've played through this thing at least 3 times now, and honestly I've only encountered one minor glitch with the models, specifically during an exchange of items in year 2, despite what others say about the mess of glitches everywhere.The soundtrack is juicy and full of swing, and the story is simple, but lovely all the same. I'm addicted and I can't find any other games like it at the moment.Surprised there are so many people who haven't played this yet with how old it is, too."
76561198352705389,Recommended,316790,31421404,Posted: 28 April,all,Kit-astic,"Loved this game as a kid, so fun to be able to come back to it again"
76561198088822167,Recommended,316790,31401590,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,A good graphical update of a classic. Love the humor.
,Recommended,316790,22099024,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LeatherDEAD,"This game is a masterpiece.The characters are so well crafted that you just love them. Manny, even though incredibly sarcastic is just so loveable, the jokes are well timed and work with the situations. When this game wants you to like a character you love them and when it wants you to dislike a character, you hate them (F*** TONY)The art style is amazing, it is so simplistic and gives off a nightmare before christmas vibe, it withstands the test of time and still holds up to current day click-based adventure games.The voice acting... nothing can be said, a masterpiece with an all star cast.The story? You actually care about the characters and want them to succeed, you follow Manny on his crazy adventure which turns from ... I won't spoil it, just trust me, it's good.Overall: the game is amazing, if you have not played it, drop everything you are doing and play it right now. It is worth your time and then some.10/10"
,Recommended,316790,31470728,Posted: 30 April,all,Fürst Sheogorath,"always heard good things about this game even though I never played it... (please don't call me the Nostalgia Anti-Christ)Now I finally played it and boy this is some quality P&C gameGreat story, great characters, an extremely catchy soundtrack and a very nice atmosphere throughout the whole game10/10 would like in Spanish again"
,Recommended,316790,31475652,Posted: 30 April,all,Assassinova,"I finished this game several times before Steam, if you've never played it and this kind of game is your thing then what are you waiting for?"
76561198096084072,Recommended,316790,16848155,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hankey Bannister,Theeee best adventure game ever made! It has the great humour and  the drama in the same package. There is no like other. Buy it and enjoy the ride!! And wish for the Pt. 2 to be real.....
,Not Recommended,316790,16004368,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dave,Not Recommended
76561198089402095,Recommended,316790,31998019,Posted: 27 May,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Highly recommended.A true classic, and a LucasArts game that really made a mark when it was first launched. That was ages ago, I think something like 20 years ago(?), but it's really something else.This is the remastered version, so instead of having a game with pixels being 5cm squares, you get good graphics, and also re-worked sound as well. The result is a game that in visuals and sound holds up well to current standards in my opinion, considering the limitations that comes with remastering the base game.Controls though are somewhat clunky compared to what at least I am used to today, but this game doesn't rely on quick reflexes or fast responses, so that's not a game breaker.Despite the age, this game holds up really well. It is a story driven game though, so it is very linear, but it's the puzzles that makes this game what it is. What takes you from one part of the game to the next is solving all those riddles, problems and obstacles that come in your way. This is where the game really shines, since there's few hints and the problems really require some good thinking to figure out. As such it will be a very neat challenge for anyone interested in solving problems.Coming back to it it took me less than 10 hours, but that was because I still remembered most of the problems facing the protagonist from last time I played it. If you're completely new to this game, my guess is it will provide lots of hours of gaming, in a very unique enviroment. On top of that the developers managed to add a really good sense of humour to this game, not of the same kind but pretty much just as funny as the stuff in Secret of the Monkey Island.All in all, if you're interested in solving problems and don't mind a linear story driven game, this is definetly something to pick up, it's worth the money. If it's on discount, anyone slightly curious should try it out."
76561198034726176,Recommended,316790,32038937,Posted: 29 May,all,ṞѦ₦ḓ☼Պ,"I remember first playing a demo of the original, that arrived on CD in a PC magazine, as they used to. I instantly loved it. The demo as I remember it had me requesting the baloon Robert Frost as part of a story that just sucks you right in. I of course bought the original game, which was, in the time of limited walkthrough availabilty, epic.  The remastered version is beautiful. Playing it through again was a nostalgic joy, the remastering is flawless.If you have never played this game, but enjoy the adventure games of old, buy this right now. If you are curious about what the adventure genre was about, this an excellent example. If youve played this game before, buy it again.5/7"
,Recommended,316790,32104530,Posted: 1 June,all,MFKN Gucci-Boi,Mr Skeletal is pleased.
,Recommended,316790,32113784,Posted: 1 June,all,c0n1c,Sooo goooood
,Recommended,316790,32127554,Posted: 2 June,all,Aaaa,Really nice story with plenty of charming characters and a nice challenge. really liked that I could hit backspace and see what the game originally looked like wherever I was too :)
,Recommended,316790,32132778,Posted: 2 June,all,zakawy-iwpl,"I remember when I was younger I saw one of my older cousins playing this game, then when I started watching youtube I also saw Yogscast Duncan playing this game. Although this was four years ago i've only just got around to actually playing this game. This game blew my mind, It was created in 1998 but was remastered recently but if you're looking for a game with outstanding graphics then I wouldn't recommend this game for you as you're only looking for the graphics but the actual story line was amazing how everything just came together towards the end of the game. Another factor that made this game awesome is the voice acting it made the game come to life.Story: 10/10Graphics: 5/10Voice Acting: 10/10Value For Money: 10/10 (was on sale)Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,316790,28662112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ritzu,"Love the animation, soundtrack and voice. Very addictive game.I found some bugs and they were pretty annoying to fix.Save the game frequently will help a lot."
,Recommended,316790,28565827,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"It's definitely a niche game, but I enjoyed myself. It's a pretty good point and click adventure game with a pretty nice story and some niche humor.I definitely recommend you watch some gameplay on it before you get it yourself. It's definitely NOT one of those games that will appeal to everyone."
76561198100277660,Recommended,316790,28854410,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,angel.anas,"It's good and entertaining, although there was 2 glitches through the game, good thing I saved!Save often just in case.I''m usually not a fan of these point and click, puzzle sort of games, but it was on sale and had a good review.I had to search the internet for clues mutliple times after getting stuck, but that might be due to my inexperience with these type of games, not the game itself."
,Recommended,316790,28962858,Posted: 2 January,all,SPIAZZI,"SUPER CLASSIC, one of the best games ever made, tons of recomended, dont give up if you are not able to resolve the puzzles."
76561198053831299,Recommended,316790,29103473,Posted: 7 January,all,Fapping Fagbear™,"Others may say this has aged badly.But To me, its a classic."
76561198122339140,Recommended,316790,29043182,Posted: 5 January,all,kosmaskosmas,This game is perfect in any way... So proud I bought it in '98...!!! Great job remastering this masterpiece!
,Recommended,316790,29108693,Posted: 7 January,all,Groove Champion,"This game has been sitting on my wishlist for a while now and I finally bought it. I never played it when it first game out but I still remember one friend of mine praising it at the time. I have played the classic point and click adventures in theGood Old Days(tm) and I enjoy them so in the end this was a no brainer.My main concern was graphics and how it has stood the test of time, but luckily the graphics were ""good enough"" so to speak. I kinda reflected it back to other games of the same era and as an ""old"" gamer, those games were my first ""Wow, that's some awesome looking game right there!"" -games so I was satisfied.The game took me to a nostalgia trip with the witty conversations and mind boggling puzzles. I've read some people say that some or even all of the puzzles in this game were too difficult or even impossible. If you have played these games before, you know that yes, most of the puzzles are impossible, but that's the fun (or maybe frustrating) part. I had to resort to walkthrough only a couple of times which I'm not proud of. You need to try everything in these games and when I say everything I mean EVERYTHING, no matter how vague of far fetched it may seem. In the end all the puzzles made sense in some weird way and there was always some clue either in the dialogue or just laying around for you to look at or try out.I think that the seamingly 3D environment made controlling Manny a bit difficult and sometimes I couldn't get where I wanted to go on the first try.. or second. The game also crashed two times, but other than that I have nothing negative to say about Grim Fandango. I paid less than €5 for the game but maybe the normal €15 is a teeny bit too much.Nonetheless Grim Fandango took me to a firm nostalgia grip and didn't let go until the credits rolled. Maybe I even felt something at the end. Definetely worth it and made me want to play some more classic adventures."
76561198098420552,Recommended,316790,29052257,Posted: 5 January,all,redbenjie,"I know this is a classic, but I never got around to playing it until now. Holy wow. The humor in the game really is amazing, and some of the puzzles are rather creative. I am finding a few points sticky/frustrating, but I am not sure that is not down to my lack of talent at solving puzzles. Can't believe I missed this when it was first out. It makes me wonder how it didn't spawn a whole universe of fans building on the richness of the existing cities, creating their own fan characters, etc."
76561198020573020,Recommended,316790,29077363,Posted: 6 January,all,Hozie50,"This game is very Grim, the right kind of Grim."
,Recommended,316790,16398027,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,rocl,The title that truly made me fall in love with videogames as a little kid: LucasArts' tour de force Grim Fandango. Still one of my favorite game of all time. Play it.
,Recommended,316790,28866024,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Federal Bum,This was one of the first point and click adventure games that I ever played (besides Indiana Jones and the fate of Atlantis).Pros:Seamlessly remasteredEasy controlsGreat voice actingUnique artworkNostalgiaCons:No auto saves  (manual saves only)Wishing you were dead10/10 would play again to see someone get sprouted
,Recommended,316790,28876404,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Knutes,"Classic noir mystery game. Fun puzzles to solve, and great dialogue make this game timeless."
76561198131715323,Recommended,316790,28775379,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,suh my dude,the mailroom part was a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,316790,28770478,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SkaterPoem,If you're a fan of point-click adventures this classic is a must buy.
,Recommended,316790,29024143,Posted: 4 January,all,PathDoc15,"Grim fandango follows the story of Manuel Rodriguez, a salesman who is responsible of making sure that the desceased have a luxourious trip from the land of the living to the land of the dead. Through extensive chats with the NPCs around you, you figure out that Manuel is a witty and likable character that is very easy to throw yourself into. Although the puzzles are somewhat arbitrary at points and require you to select every item in your inventory and try it out on every item in the area, the story still seems to capture my heart when I play through it. Overall, Grim fandango uses classic point and click mechanics to convey a heart felt story about the dead with a touch of comedy sprinkled in tastefully.Note: I have played through this game many times on disc and it serves a nostalgic purpose for me. For this reason Grim Fandango gets bonus points, but still, strictly going off content, the game is always a pleasure to play through."
,Recommended,316790,29021435,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,is funny wit kl characters but play wit guide cos puzzles are long to work out and i cant be arsed
,Recommended,316790,29036995,Posted: 5 January,all,Ffytche,"I didn't play the original game - it was my first try.I loved the style they made the game with. The humour was good enough and the whole world was created in such a great way that I miss words to describe it. Very original game in terms of creation. I didn't find any bugs nor glitches - it went perfectly. One thing I find annoying is the amount of runnning. Even though you can press shift to run faster it is still too slow and thus irritating. Also, the areas you have to run through are usually big making it even more annoying. That's the only vice of this game.By the way, I also didn't experience any pixel finding.Buy it."
76561198155888003,Recommended,316790,29033967,Posted: 5 January,all,Mércure,this game is hard af;story lit afcharacters funny afI'm thankful for this game.
76561198079376161,Recommended,316790,28956663,Posted: 2 January,all,RüscherlKing,"The old amazing adventure game with a fresh coat of paint. Terrific writing, iconic characters and many memories you’ll take to the grave."
,Recommended,316790,28963898,Posted: 2 January,all,Maryposa,The great story and concept made it easy to ignore the bugs and hard to follow puzzles.
,Recommended,316790,28954036,Posted: 2 January,all,Jean Claude Van DANK,"The Opus Magnum of Lucas Arts. The Doot Mariachi reworked, yet it lacks some charm of the 1998 one."
76561198107300229,Recommended,316790,28974225,Posted: 3 January,all,Bf-Bunny,"This is a really good game and worth your time. The story is fun and interesting and the puzzels are mostly fairly easy with one notable exception. There are guides on the internet that show you what to do, but with a little thought most of the tasks are not that hard.The story is based on the real mexican holiday 'the day of the dead'. The game takes it a step further and puts you, manny as a saleseman trying to help people reach the next world. The journey on foot takes four years, but using the money the souls were buried with they can choose a faster method as sold by manny. The story is essentially a crime thriller with a love interest and some twists and turns along the way.It uses a tank syle control system using the arrow keys and the mouse can be used. The people of the world are varied and interesting.I played this game when i was a kid and enjoyed it so much that I completed it several times. I thoguht it would be a nostalgia trip, but marking it now years later it holds up. There are some odd story choices and some 'why would that be there' moments, but overall the story works. The score is really good and, while the game is technically limited I thought it was crafted exceptionally well for what it is.It only takes around 8 - 10 hours to complete the story taking your time, but you can spend a lot longer exploring the details and going through all the voice options. You can never change the story though. There are specific things you need to get manny to say and do to progress so the story always ends the same, but, just like a good film I'd recommend playing this story. The theme is dark, but interesting and while you never know what the next world is it lets your make up your own mind just like you are free to believe whatever you want in the real world. I think you'll have a lot of fun and hopefully not too much frustration playing it, while leaving you to ponder on your own existance."
76561198041164509,Recommended,316790,28995503,Posted: 3 January,all,The Emilio,Amazing Story. Extremely vague puzzles. Beautiful Style.
76561197973530934,Recommended,316790,21182721,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,pr0bon3n1ne,"I've owned the original discs from 1998 but never finished the game at that time.  Fast forward a few decades, few technological upgrades (which made playing the original game difficult) and finally the re-release of the game in the form of the Remastered version, I was finally able to play this game all the way through.I want to like this game more than I do but I find myself feeling a bit disappointed.  I still recommend this game to any adventure game fan.  If you're a fan of the Monkey Island, Maniac Mansion games, you (kinda) owe it to yourself to play this game.  It's a fun and enriching adventure (as you'd expect) but the gameplay is fraught with peril.  The gameplay is sometimes clunky and chaotic and there are some game-stopping bugs you have to navigate around and out of.Overall, I give this a solid C+.   I truly, deeply wanted to love this game.  Maybe it was my high expectations that kept me from giving this a higher grade but I couldn't get around the immersion breaking bugs and gameplay that kept me from really diving deep into this game.Positives:+ Scenery: Some of the most imaginative and engaging environments in a game+ Characters: They're so well fleshed out, you'll remember them for a long time.+ Dialog: Some of the best in the business; a true measurement for a classic point-n-click game.+ Story: Mix all the elements above, shake and serve.  Tasty.Negatives:- Interface:  Long gone are the [VERB] [NOUN] syntax of old.  The new (and newer) keyboard (and UI) interface is clunky and confusing.- Bugs:  There are some bugs that impede progress of the game.  Some are manageable but others you'll have to dig deep in a forum where the answers are found.  It's an analog to the game, some might argue.  Some of the puzzles in this game are brutally hard.- Difficulty:  This would normally be in the Positives side of the review but there are some puzzles that require some abstract (and very non-logical) perspective to solve.  It feels as though the designers of some of these puzzles were motivated to craft a puzzle so hard the users would have to reach for a guide-book (or call in to the puzzle answer hotline) to generate some secondary revenue."
,Recommended,316790,28941426,Posted: 2 January,all,England is my RAINBOWGANG,Good
,Recommended,316790,16397375,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,⋈,One of the best click and pont game ever forever
,Recommended,316790,23505331,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,HarveyFont,"A Beautiful creation. The story gives a haunting atmosphere that draws you in, and makes you feel for all the characters. Even with the haunting atmosphere, the dialogue is packed with humor. It's a grand adventure, a must see!But the puzzles are hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 , would run from Robert Frost again."
,Recommended,316790,24065466,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SemeStella,"Classic game Remastered from my kid days!Super excited to be able to play this on Steam whenever.Smooth graphics. Everything just like I remember, but way better."
,Recommended,316790,23859006,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,pylke,A classic and a must-play for point-and-click lovers.
,Recommended,316790,23850058,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Reese Riverson,"Excellent game to own, especially if you are unable to get the original boxed copy. I have both, though. I love that the original controls are still in place since I'm used to them. =)"
76561198063822147,Recommended,316790,24154077,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,thehellishgnome,Good job boys
,Recommended,316790,15796773,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Uszkaukva,"The thing that grabs you about this game is not the gameplay, it is the feeling. If you have played this game during the original LucasArts era, this will be the ultimate nostalgia experience for you.The soundtrack is exquisite, the voice acting is one of a kind and the story is one you will remember. All characters have a specific role that they fill in particularly well and all locations have their own little quirks.And I think, the cherry on top of it all is Toto Santos. It is extremely rare to hear Hungarian in videogames and being the proud citizen that I am, I couldn't help but smile and giggle as the voice actor kept speaking with a rare accent these days.8/10"
76561198156738755,Recommended,316790,29974389,Posted: 16 February,all,ElJansConJ,"""Run you pigeons! It's Robert Frost!"""
76561197960830998,Recommended,316790,30048589,Posted: 19 February,all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"An absolute timeless masterpiece of gaming.Thougthfully and subtly remastered , this game stands the test of time really well.A point and click adventure of the highest standard from the creators of some of the best point and clicks ever released. For me, Grim Fandango represents the pinnacle of their achievements.The commentary is excellent and there's a lot of it .10/10 - Would get stuck for 4 hours looking at a Cat racetrack photo and a ticket forger again.This game is HARD - I took around 12 months to figure it out the first time around, about 40 hours the second and 20 ish the last!My favourite point and click adventure."
,Recommended,316790,30106277,Posted: 22 February,all,lucky loser,This game is just a mastepiece!It has great soundtrack and story that I can get through over and over again.
76561198031429957,Recommended,316790,29441601,Posted: 23 January,all,Capt_Threepwood,How I've missed Manny and his epic adventures!
,Recommended,316790,28755780,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Patnique,"Seems to work on Windows 10 64-bit so far.  Had problems with sound stuttering during gameplay at first, but switching to big picture mode fixed the issue for me.  I also had one hang.  Had to restart and lost some progress.That being said, I'm really surprised how well this game runs on modern PCs considering the original game came out almost 20 years ago.  This remastered version is really well-made, and even includes Steam trading cards and achievements.If you like adventure games and/or story-driven games, this one's a classic.  Great writing and voice-acting.  Really draws you into the world of Grim Fandango.  The puzzles can be a bit annoying, though.  But there are lots of walk-throughs and guides to help you out.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,316790,29431251,Posted: 22 January,all,「Shinamon シナモン」,"I really loved the game, but crashes at a few moments. Glottis was my favorite character, but those times when he seemed like he died, it's like Lucasarts reached into my CHEST, and PULLED out MY HEART, AND THREW IT INTO THE WOODS to..."
76561198020269297,Recommended,316790,29396162,Posted: 21 January,all,Nullpunkt,I cannot recommend this gem enough. I really wish there was a sequel!
,Recommended,316790,29382536,Posted: 20 January,all,fraggingfreek,By far the best game I have ever plaid. I loved this game when I first plaid it as a kid and the remastered version has brought it all flooding back.Grim Fandango has had a big impact in my life as it helped shape my love for architecture and bettered my understanding of many cultures I would have not come into contact with otherwise.Thank you
,Recommended,316790,29309357,Posted: 16 January,all,Taral,"Forever a Classic title, played it when it first releashed and once again when it relaashed on Steam."
76561198282479990,Recommended,316790,29285177,Posted: 15 January,all,morea85,"Amazing. What can I say? Wonderful soundtrack, beautiful story, hilarious dialogues. Quite hard the puzzles, but they well worth your time. One of the best graphic adventres games"
,Recommended,316790,29626470,Posted: 1 February,all,Dammi Figa,"loved it as a kid and love it just as much now.it's alot of fun for me playing it these few years later solving everything from memory.if you are new to this game you will need a walkthrough, but do try to explore and absorb the amazing atmosphere and vibrant world along the way, it's well worth it imo."
76561198264198811,Recommended,316790,21161759,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,koriwow.,"¨This game has a great story and I love how the game is going great from being a game from the 90's, so if u are a guy who like's some puzzels and a great story, this is a game for you!¨ <3"
76561198350066648,Recommended,316790,29663267,Posted: 2 February,all,wynvkius,This is one of my new favorite games of all time. I can't believe it took me this long to experience this.
,Recommended,316790,29548586,Posted: 28 January,all,Dr_Fail,"If you have ever watched Casablanca and wished that everyone were Mexican skeletons, then you will want this gameIf not, then you are missing out"
76561198080087951,Recommended,316790,29898396,Posted: 13 February,all,Angband,it has a great sense of humour and quotes!
,Recommended,316790,28748142,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,miffyanna,"Puzzles were a bit tough, but still really enjoyed playing."
76561198305678090,Recommended,316790,28757591,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Le Epic Callum,IM REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥AT THIS GAME
,Recommended,316790,28787968,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kevin.flot,"The Grim Fandango remastered takes you back to the glory days of storytelling puzzle games of LucasArts.The game takes you on a humoristic,yet suspenseful trip through the world beyond,  that you can enjoy time after time.Great voice cast, great graphics, great story"
,Recommended,316790,28790716,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zootyzoot,"I never played this game when it was released, so I had no nostalgia going for me. Well worth the sale price."
,Recommended,316790,28786908,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ch0plol,Awesome point & click that I've been meaning to play since it originally came out back in the day. Holiday sale finally gave me that opportunity.
76561198170191663,Recommended,316790,28787071,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MoBayBlu,"Classic Game, Excellent addition to anyones library."
,Recommended,316790,31110046,Posted: 12 April,all,Tuckyove,"This game was a ton of fun! I personally never played the original version, but picked this remastered guy up during a sale and fell in love with it just the same. The story and characters  absolutareely fantastic. The graphics aren't too shabby for a 1998 redux. As is to be expected from an OG adventure game, there's a lot of searching for items, running back and forth and using them in specific scenarios, so it's difficult to get through without the occasional walkthrough glance unless you're really good at that sort of thing. Regardless, I became an instant fan and you should too!"
76561197995249383,Recommended,316790,31124372,Posted: 13 April,all,Retina,"Now HERE'S  a story for ya.Grim Fandango is one of the best games I've had the pleasure of experiencing. I can't tell you how much I appreciate its originality, silly comedic one-liners, wild narrative, and engrossing characters thanks to a readable script and competent voice actors. A rare gem for any generation of gaming.The story is this... I had been playing the game casually for awhile and had just finished it a few days before my discovery. My neighbor had recently been a victim of some rather odious domestic violence, so my wife and I were doing whatever we could to help her out. Her BF had turned her lovely home into a hoarders den and gathered mountains of junk everywhere. Clothes that jung from chandeliers; random tools; a 6 foot tall nested stack of gallon ice cream tubs (washed out); lots of exercise equipment (new and old); tons of rotten food in the fridge that I disposed of (8 bags or more);stolen bikes and the rack that they were chained to; a bunch of computers with hard drives taken out and stacked up; random trash just piled up everywhere. Anyway, you've seen the show. We're typically perceptive people and feel so ashamed that this happened under our noses. We're doing what we can now to help out, as she deserves it.We were told by her fam to take whatever we wanted from his unholy stash, which is swell, but we're selling most things to cover the cost of a dumpster to clean the place out well enough for her to come home. Anyway, I'd been rooting around a box of ancient pc junk and was glancing at the games. There were old Myst rip-offs, bulls**t cheap titles of whatever. Nothing worth anything, as you'd imagine. And then I picked up the next box and I was staring straight at Manny Calavera. My eyes went wide as legs. Could it really be in there? Yes it was. Complete with the Prima guide and original gatefold CD case. How could this be? A little worse for wear, but no matter. Of all the games that have come out in the last 20 years, here it was, this thing that had brought me so much joy over the last few weeks.I took it home, turned on my monitor and the remastered game was on the screen. I'd paused it while I went to clean up and rummage through the junk. Wish I could share the pic I took of the box and pause screen together. What a coincidence. Lovely.My neighbor is going to recover and is with family now. though she has little family left. We'll do what we can to help. I hope folks that see this might take a look at their own neighborhood and check in to the neighbors you might be worried about. Perhaps these fences we put up between us don't make for good neighborhoods after all. Look out from that screen of yours every now and then to check in on folks. They might need you.This game is unforgettable, silly, lightning in a bottle. Pony up and enjoy. Don't fret about the cryptic puzzles. A little cheating is fine as long as you're having a good time. And you will. Also, Maybe turn the graphics down to medium. The crispness of the full resolution setting doesn't mesh right next to the backgrounds, which are glorious, but not high-res. Man I love this game."
76561198073562714,Recommended,316790,30144343,Posted: 24 February,all,TheJcgcs,"It is just amazing. If you are debating if you should buy it or not, you should. It's worth your money and time."
76561198144292685,Recommended,316790,32180244,Posted: 4 June,all,danny devito,"fuuny, interesting and well worth the price"
,Recommended,316790,32230398,Posted: 6 June,all,PeterK,Another classic for Double Fine
76561198117905279,Recommended,316790,32233163,Posted: 6 June,all,^^^|||•DeAn•|||^^^,Absolutely BrilliantI am loving every second I've poured into this game especially the protagonist is hillarious IMO.Never thought I'll have to chant with a bunch of Bees for a damn achievement  xD
76561198028364734,Recommended,316790,32333478,Posted: 10 June,all,SoldierGrantman,"This game has a cool story line and is tricky.  You need to have patience.I hate resorting to help so I'm the last person to try and find a walkthrough, but I had to find a clue online for 2 places I got stuck in this game.I recollect only one other time having to do this - about 13 years ago."
76561198024452897,Recommended,316790,32397782,Posted: 13 June,all,Rainbow Stalin,"Simply put, superb, and when I say the game has aged well; it really has."
76561198070124224,Recommended,316790,32406094,Posted: 14 June,all,Charles Manson,"Fantastic Game, 9/10 stars, amazing story, great graphics and characters, only thing keeeping this from a 10 is the difficulty of puzzles, sad to say had to use walkthrough many times"
76561198334241228,Recommended,316790,32434296,Posted: 15 June,all,Eumemo,biuriful
76561198026154194,Recommended,316790,32531735,Posted: 18 June,all,AlphabetSoup,This may be the only game where you can smoke cigaretts without lungs and whilestanding underwater on the ocean floor.
76561198122834375,Recommended,316790,32526888,Posted: 17 June,all,Sturmmandrang,Dead cool...
76561198203161404,Recommended,316790,18556422,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,rperryoh,"While this is not much of a remaster (trust me this was just an excuse to get the game back up and selling) the game is fantastic. I REALLY enjoy point and click adventures. A lot nowadays are really good on story and pacing, the advenuring, mystery puzzle solving, has become really simplistic. Point and click adventures of the 90's were fun problem solvers but the stories were really simple and were mainly comedies. This is the best of both worlds. The puzzles are incredibly fun to solve and the story is so intresting. It is a mix of a mystery comedy sort that was surpursingly keeping me on toes and invested the whole time. The world of the dead is a fantastic angle to work with. All in all if you are a guy that is big on presentation graphicly, this may not be the game for you. If you are going through a 90's throwback phase, enjoy a really good point and click adventure game, or just want to hear an interesting story, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,316790,20288720,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Overkill,"Not a bad point & click adventure, I played the original years back but was a little dissapointed which this ""remastered version"". For a remastered version I thought it was quite a badly developed game, still good enough for a positive though.My Score - 7/10"
76561198109174620,Recommended,316790,31499414,Posted: 1 May,all,Grab them by the heavy,"A beloved classic of my childhood. Very glad they brought it back.One of the best point and click adventure, has it all, rich world and story and the humor is always on point.It has aged quite a bit, but it is still a great experience.The steam port was also well done which is not always the case with older games.Ican only recomend it to anybody who is curious of trying a point and click, the afficionados already know it."
76561197987910540,Recommended,316790,27454653,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Father,Still as classic as ever.
,Recommended,316790,33540443,Posted: 14 July,all,Edginess And Anonymity,Do you want to die but don't have the guts to kill yourself? Then look no further! In this game you play as one of the Grim Reapers and can do random♥♥♥♥♥♥such as annoy a clown or ♥♥♥♥ with a mechanic.
76561198073393621,Recommended,316790,33948209,Posted: 1 August,all,Anabel&Ian,Amazing classic!
76561198041338030,Recommended,316790,33941820,Posted: 31 July,all,"Snoop, the Dogg","Grim Fandango is a game that I did not expect to like (I prefer FPSs and RPGs, not point and clicks!). However, this game is so darn charming! It has great characters, voice acting, levels, and puzzles. It is a bit frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will not want to let go. You can play it on a key board and mouse just fine, but I connect my Xbox One controller (via my charging cable) to my computer and it works like a dream (connect controller and/or headphones before starting up the game or they will not work!). The aspect ratio is very low (but I got used to it) and it might crash sometimes (once for me). I cannot play on the remastered graphics because of my low-end PC, but the classic graphics are just fine. I have not finished it yet (I will though) but all in all, Grim Fandango is a fantastic game that has aged amazingly. I give it a 9.2/10TL;DRPros:-Great characters-Great levels-Great voice acting-Great puzzles.- Xbox One and PS4 Controller Support (just connect it and/or headphones before starting up game for proper function)Not that important:-Remastered graphics are good, but lackluster..-Low aspect ratioCons:-Crashes (once for me)Score: 9.2/10With bony hands I hold my partner/ On soulless feet we cross the floor/ The music stops as if to answer/ An empty knocking at the door/ It seems his skin was sweet as mango/ When last I held him to my breast/ But now we dance this grim fandango/ And will four years before we rest."
,Recommended,316790,23941510,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RRJabs,"Oh my god is this game good. Puzzles are good, characters are fun, story is interesting, art is nice. Do it, BUY IT, STOP READING AND BUY IT."
76561198166159482,Recommended,316790,33897440,Posted: 29 July,all,Bacon Billy,"YOU NEED A GUIDE FOR THIS GAMEunless you want to take 48 hours to do it, by using every item on everything, and then come on, it's not even a puzzle anymoreA tale of murder, betrayal, and love set in the Aztec afterlife, and styled after the 'Day-of-the-Dead.' It's charming and funny  at times, and extremely bleak and heavy at others. Very rarely do games make youfeel, and there are some real feels with this one. Quite possibly the greatest point-and-click game ever made.The downside, however, is that you will need to download a file from a third-party website to get the game to run on newer systems."
,Recommended,316790,34016993,Posted: 4 August,all,TheSuperthingymabob,"I'm relatively sure nobody on my friends list has this game and it's such a shame because it really is such a great game. I've played it through twice now and gotten all the achievements. (because why not, right?) The music, the story, the characters, it's just amazing. If you have even just a passing interest in point and click adventure games, play this. Actually, since I know that half the problem is that nobody DOES have that interest any more, just play it. This is probably one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,316790,34063512,Posted: 6 August,all,The4thDuke,"I am a very proud owner of the original 1998 game and despite my biggest interests in racing, fps and manager games, surprisingly my all time favourite game has been Grim Fandango, often praised as Tim Schafer's masterpiece. I completed this game dozen times and unfortunately can't enjoy it anymore, because I still remember every puzzle solution and becomes more like a movie to me.The point-and-click puzzle (despite I Always play it in tank mode) genre is kind of dead nowadays, I understand if the new generation of gamers won't like it, but if you know how these games used to be, I truly recommend it as a puzzle masterpiece. Here's my opinion about pro and cons, although I only played the game in my Language (italian):PROSPLOT: The plot around the game is not as complex as many other games, but sometimes a well done easy plot is better than a complex one, and this is well made. I noticed some holes and mistakes here and there, but unnoticeable without an accurate inspection. There are references of past episodes voluntarily left untold to increase curiousity and fantasy about Grim Fandango world before the game begins...what did Manny do in the last Christmas party?SOUNDTRACK: Another masterpiece aspect of the game is the soundtrack, one of the best ever and most fitting music made in a themed videogame. It changes in almost every ""room"" and it perfectly resemble the background and reprise Grim Fandango's main theme. I never got tired of it, often listened to it outside the game, I am sure its perfect soundtrack greatly helped the game quality. McConnell used a live orchestra for the remastered, it's very well performed and looking more ""alive"", although as many commented, the lower quality old one somehow fit better into the game. No matter which one you prefer, the soundtrack is Always great!SETTING: It wasn't easy to make such an original and complex setting, but they did a great job indeed, it couldn't immerse me into its setting more than this. A mexican/spanish/aztec influence, a 30's/40's Art Deco city inhabited by skeletons, everyday's problems and crime life where life is no more. Sounds like a bad mixture of random settings but they perfectly fit into each Others, making this game great (again).CHARACTERS: Something personal I noticed, all characters are depth and given a personality, even characters shortly used in the plot. They are funny, well made, sometimes childish (but hey, it's a game!), somehow gave me the feeling I know them more than the game meant, but this aspect of the game may be influenced by my childhood spent into this game.LIGHT REMASTERING: I am somewhat suspicious about remastered versions of old games, sometimes they are poorly made or entirely change the game into something new and much worse, breaking the magic athmosphere it originally had. Luckly my favourite game kept all its magic aspects and kept the game as much enjoyable as it used to be, probably because it had no need to be improved.ACHIEVEMENTS: More a note than a true pro aspect, achievements are pretty easy and I could make them all in one run (only missed one by mistake). I like achievements, they keep the game alive even when it's over, but a puzzle game with a story like Grim Fandango doesn't need crazy achievements like ""play the game 100 hours"", ""take 500 objects"" or ""smoke cigarettes 50 times"". No thanks, they are all story related and rarely need something strange or particular, but they are all easy, thankfully.CONSGRAPHIC: When released, it had one of the best ever graphic, not intended as best graphic engine but about the graphic feeling it would give, they were high quality backgrounds (for its time) pretending to be 3D, hiding the true mechanism very well, it's still one of the best I have ever seen since then. Just saying, in 1998 we had masterpieces like Half Life and despite they featured a true 3D engine, if you look at its original graphic today, it's pretty bad, Grim Fandango doesn't. Why is it into the cons list? Because despite I appreciate the original artwork of the 1998 game, it doesn't fit into today's graphic, showing its limits. The game is horrible with the side stripes, even worse at widescreen 1080p. You can notice the background image is ""stretched"", leaving some very bad looking pixels here and there. It can't be forgiven for a game marked ""remastered"", despite I praised the original artwork. Probably too much work to make it fit to modern resolutions, but there's no way to move graphic under pros. The graphic work on characters is well made anyway, so is the new light and shadow work.PUZZLES: Here's a common problem to all point-and-click games, some puzzles seems too random and some almost impossible, way too hard to find a solution without help, probably keeping you for days on it until you lose interest on the game. Grim Fandango features some hard ones and a very few that looked impossible to me back then, especially one in Year 2 that will make you lose your mind. Despite that, I don't feel like blaming the game too much since it was a common problem of many similar games I played, I am sure it's not easy to balance them for the audience while working on them, after all puzzles in the game are still nice and most of them intuitive. My only negative feeling occurred on the second half of the game, puzzles looked like losing their quality, the more I was reaching the end of the game, the more I felt like they rushed the game to its completion. Just a feeling, though.LIGHT REMASTERING/PRICE: I praised the light remastering in the pro, why is it in the cons too? Despite I like the way it was lightly remastered and didn't twist the original game's athmosphere, why is this a remastered? It doesn't feature many improvements (or even screwed the background graphic as I explained above), it doesn't have any major feature to add what's been missing into the game, the only improvements are the remastered soundtrack (but not improving the game that much), new 3D models (but the game doesn't have many objects like a true 3D game), better lights and shadows (that's what I enjoyed most but wasn't something hard to implement), compatibility with Patches and updates (which is needed for every game on steam, oh elevator puzzle, I hated you so much!). Basically it looks like and old patched games with some community made mods. The price is an issue (but I bought it on discount, which I highly recommend), it's too high for a claimed remastered old game with so little new features, even if it's still a masterpiece, I was expecting something better for a full price old game, I would have preferred to reinstall the old 1998 game I bought in my childhood than rebuying it for the same price with so little new features. I am quite sure most of the remastered budget went for the orchestra than the game's mechanicsFinal word: I highly recommend this masterpiece to people who like the genre and never played it before. If people already own or played the 1998 game, I only recommend it with a huge discount"
,Recommended,316790,34071232,Posted: 6 August,all,Lezotho,"Great Story and Characters, but some puzzles were too confusing to even get them started. Recommend using a Walkthrough, specially for Year Two."
,Recommended,316790,34118042,Posted: 8 August,all,CrazyivanD,"This game is my favorite game of all time..... Just the story, the enviroment...the story....i recommend everyone play this, try this give the story a chance."
,Recommended,316790,34124170,Posted: 9 August,all,dkid_luke,"even though I do not think it is a perfect remaster (background were not updated, only character models) it is still a game I recommend every adventure gamer should play. It has an epic amazing story, a beautiful art style and puzzles that squeeze the brain, but not too much. :) i really loved this game when I first played it and it is still great by the nth time :)"
76561198348399524,Recommended,316790,34115597,Posted: 8 August,all,MaizeVonBismarck,"This game is really fantastic. You could probably say that about most of the games out of this dev (as long as you like the typcial point-and-click vagueness for games of the time) and some of the strongest parts of the game are the writing, soundtrack, and overall direction the game took visually. Some of the puzzles were pretty difficult due to the fact that they give little information, and may be frustrating, but it really is worth it to progress into the story. As with most story-driven point-and-clicks, don't expect hours of replayability, but expect an enjoyable experience wtih some puzzles."
76561198066124166,Recommended,316790,34132831,Posted: 9 August,all,ｗｏｌｏｌｏ,"Grim: Of a sinister or ghastly character; repellentFandango: Trying hard to be cool, in an ostentatioius or overly obvious way, usually with style of dress but also can include mannerisms or behavior.Grim Fandango: Mastapiece"
,Not Recommended,316790,18966669,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Natty,"You spend 4 hours in the office trying to do sh*t that is only explained if you look up a walkthrough, which sucks. There's a reason why point-and-click is a dead genre."
,Recommended,316790,22086645,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pragman86,"""Qué es esto?""+ Fantastic story+ Fantastic voice acting- Frustrating puzzles- Didn't work on my Lenovo Laptop with Radeon M230"
76561198046308297,Recommended,316790,34303915,Posted: 17 August,all,süpeurhaüt,"Part of the Holy Trinity of Point & Click, but in the end who's to say.If you're reading this go back to work Tim Schafer."
,Recommended,316790,34303304,Posted: 17 August,all,Navi [Dying Spree],"Looking back at 1998, what a year for PC gaming. With the release of Half-Life, StarCraft and its expansion Brood War, Fallout 2, Thief, Galdur's Gate and of course Grim Fandango.While many are complaining about the quality of the remaster I consider it true to it's roots. Back in 98 the graphics were amazing and I am happy the game had minimual changes.Grim Fandango is a complete master piece and as relivant now as it was back in 1998."
76561198045945962,Recommended,316790,34539404,Posted: 27 August,all,KromeHWI,"i am somewhat galled by the misleading bit about how ""remastered"" it is.  yes, it clearly has been ""remastered,"" but only a little bit (at least visually).  it seems that only certain moving/foreground bits have been ""remastered,"" leaving all the backgrounds in their original very low resolution. the result is pretty ugly looking to be honest. it also makes it clear when important bits and items have been ""remastered"" drawing more attention to them, as they dont mesh with the background cleanly. this can be pretty annoying at times, especially on a high resolution monitor, and frankly often just looks like shody work.that said, the game itself is pretty fun (albiet with occasionally infuriating moments as is common with many of the early hunt and click style adventure games), with quite humorous writing and voice acting, so all in all i would recommend this game for those interested in this style of game, or if you want to relive the early days, but do not expect a ""remastered"" game on the level of games like Day of the Tentacle."
76561198033800780,Recommended,316790,34546117,Posted: 27 August,all,Fëanor,"A really good point and click andventure game that I'd recomend to anyone tht is  fan of the genre. With a solid and fun story line, you'll never find yourself bored. That is, unlees you hate fun."
76561197978711572,Recommended,316790,34570323,Posted: 28 August,all,Meatus,"This game was one of my favorite in the 90's... WHen I heard that it would come out again in remastered form I was more than excited. I am happy to report that the game has aged quite well, and that it is just as charming as it was a couple of decades ago."
76561198010903567,Recommended,316790,34323858,Posted: 18 August,all,mct,Nice port into windows 10
,Recommended,316790,32790083,Posted: 25 June,all,Murny,"Grim Fandango is a classic that every adventure game fan should play at least once. It has really great writing, characters and an awesome jazzy / noir soundtrack. It's a game that was able to take the generic noir story line and make it new and interesting by mixing in some elements of Aztec and mexican culture. I enjoy the art style and character designs aswell the good balance in gameplay and cutscenes. I also appreciated that you have the option to switch between the old tank and new updated controls. I will say however that there are a couple of puzzles that are really tricky but overall the difficulty was just right for me.Great game, please give it a go!"
,Recommended,316790,34377120,Posted: 20 August,all,x i l k o o,"If you've never played this gem of a game then you're honestly missing out. This remastered classic is sure to get those nostaglic juices flowing with that golden era 90's feeling.You follow the adventure of Manny Calavera, a deceased travel agent who is stuck in the mysterious ""Land of the Dead"". On your road to eternal rest you'll meet and discover loads of unique characters, explore visualising locations all whilst trying to save your friends in a memorable quest to cross over to the ""Land of Eternal Rest"".If you love click and point adventures, add this beauty to your library. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,316790,34389979,Posted: 21 August,all,RandomDramatics,"Great game, the story is fun and the humour has made me laugh out loud a few times. controls are a bit weird with the keybaord but it's still a great game"
,Recommended,316790,34398754,Posted: 21 August,all,Wakisashi,"Having missed this game back in the day, I figured to check the Remastered version out. The writing is fantastic, lots of humor. I found many of the puzzles to be quite challenging, as the order of events can really be a game stopper. But with a little help here and there, it's overall a great game. Glad they brought this classic back, one of the better adventure games I've played."
,Recommended,316790,34798104,Posted: 7 September,all,MarsDamon,"Atmosperic, gorgeous and gripping. The pinnacle of adventure gaming and storytelling. At both times dark and humorous. A game everyone should play."
,Recommended,316790,21603416,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lone,"This game is absolutely brilliant.The characters are all very colourful and often very lovable. Even the ones you don't like tend to have a certain charm. The game has a wonderful sense of humour and it really pays off to explore as much as you can, both in the environment and the dialogue.Unfortunately it isn't all light-hearted and the story contains some tragic events. I never really liked the ending because my favourite character ends up dying and I wish he could have been saved.All in all it's a great game about death, friendship, and not giving up. The story, the characters, the atmosphere... It all comes together wonderfully."
,Recommended,316790,34872905,Posted: 10 September,all,Vizhu,"An afterlife travel agent messes up one of his clients while chasing a better commission. To undo his mistake, he travels through the land of the dead, dealing with obstacles using his wits and charisma. Grim Fandango has one of the best stories in a game, with unique settings and memorable characters. Puzzles are wacky and fun, but a lack of any hint system means you'll have to rely on walkthroughs if you get stuck. The remastered edition has slightly better graphics and music but is very buggy"
76561198390229798,Recommended,316790,34870022,Posted: 10 September,all,JBNL1972,10/10 would die again to soar like eagles ... on pogosticks!
,Recommended,316790,32183252,Posted: 4 June,all,alexandra.pripu,"Right from the start you are thrown in the middle of a mysterious and funny conversation between two skeletons with spanish accents. I was smiling and feeling intrigued within 3 minutes of the intro video, just like a perfect first date. From that moment on, I knew I was standing across table with something different and I wanted more from this promising relationship. Every game should strive to form a meaningful connection with its player, and one way to do this is through good storytelling.Manny Calavera is the hero of this adventure. He’s a grim reaper living in the Land of the Dead and his job is to collect recently deceased souls from the Land of the Living. Every soul’s purpose, including grim reapers’, is to reach the Land of Eternal Rest. If they led a good life, they will qualify for better travel packages and will get there faster. If not, they will have to walk through dangerous places. Packages can range from inexpensive walking sticks, deliverable coffins, to valuable train tickets. And as usually, crime stands in the shadow of all that is valuable. The train cuts through the perils of the Underworld in 4 minutes, and that’s what makes the tickets very desirable.The misdemeanors begin to surface when Manny meets Meche, a very good soul who deserves a ticket on the “4 minutes to your deserved rest” train. Her ticket is nowhere to be found, so Manny starts asking questions. Uncovering the crime around stolen train tickets and helping Meche is what this game is all about.The voiceovers are flawless and that’s something that can make or break any game, regardless of dialogues’ quality. A good script interpreted with less good voice acting is like a chorus of cats meowing a Mozart symphony. However, I found other jokes and episodic characters not as funny as Manny and Glottis. A downright mean attitude and mean jokes aren’t amusing in my opinion. I was already enjoying the other 95% percent of the game, so they didn’t bother me much.Although my joyride seemed to be going at a steady pace, it unexpectedly blew up a tire and runned out of gas. To be more precise, it runned out of clever dialogue and probably time and resources. By the end of the game, I only enjoyed 70% of it. I felt that the most important part, the final 30%, was unrefined and rushed. A lot of the puzzles were unintuitive, like the one where you need to crack open a vault door using your scythe. At one moment, you need to get Glottis to vomit on an entire floor, and that action didn’t fit well with the beautifully crafted story. What I found most disappointing was the boss encounter. I was expecting to explore more of his personality and his world. Instead, I felt like I was meeting an ordinary bad guy who wouldn’t even invite me into his office. In the final scene with him, things didn’t get up close and personal like I would have liked to. We had a small chat, then I had to deal with him indirectly from outside the building. After all the traveling and hard work, I wanted to show him, face-to-face, how the world can be a better place without his greediness.I’ll leave it up to you to discover the lessons buried deep within the Land of the Dead. The experience is worth much more than words. That is, if I managed to spark a little bit of intrigue in your mind. Overall, the game deserves its place among the best adventure game ever made.8/10, passed my test, so I recommend it."
,Recommended,316790,34895162,Posted: 11 September,all,CheeseburgerApocalypse,I'm so glad this game finaly came out on Steam. A classic that still holds up to the test of time.
,Recommended,316790,14666518,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,play_helix,"a classic adventure game without much done to remaster it. the music is incredible, the writing is witty and engrossing, and the visuals have an extremely unique flair you won't find in any other game. however, the game itself is poorly optimized, some very important plot points are poorly paced, there are many visual bugs (such as animation glitches or items getting stuck), and some puzzles are absolutely horrible and defy all logic. the movement in the game is very slow, but its incredibly noticeable in the 2nd year of the game which requires a lot of running back and forth through a large town-- 90% of your time in this year will be spent running to different parts of town.the remaster itself hardly does anything. it slightly updates the soundtrack and character models, aswell as adding point & click controls... and thats basically it..! many of the prerendered cutscenes and elements are horribly compressed or low quality, and some animations look completely unfinished. these are some things that should've been touched up in a remaster as they wouldnt take away any of its charm. its unfortunate that more wasn't done, especially bug fixes or some sort a hint system, but theres enough good in the game to outweigh the negative. you just have to know youre playing an old adventure game and not expect anything of today's standards."
,Not Recommended,316790,34907602,Posted: 12 September,all,LeoNippon,"About the game: Grim Fandango is one of the best adventure games of all time. Funny, charming.. i'm not here to spend time saying whatever have already been said.About this version: This ""Remaster"" is one of the worst i've ever seen. Even the Bioshock 1 buggy remaster is better than this. Because, once you got it to work, it won't break again for no reason. I would be ashamed to have my name written on the credits for this version. I know, you can argue about a lot of project choices from big copmanies, that leave bugs and problems in games, to be worked on later patches and spend the initial time on development to actually have a game ready for launch, despite the quality issues.But ""Double Fine"" as far as i know, is supposed to be something else, they're veterans from the old adventure game companies, risen as an ""indie"" sorta dev, for the love of this genre. And it was nearly perfect for MI 1 and 2 remakes, and i still looking forward to play all they're other games, like Broken Age, Timbleweed and the other remakes, (DOTT is my favorite childhood game) and FT which is one of the top notches too.But this was too much for me.First of all, the ""Remaster"" aspect of it.. well, it shouldn't been called a ""Remaster"". Should be called a port for new systems, just this. Before you start complaining, i don't think the game should be fully remade, but i think the work they did were just, lazy..The REAL problem: BUGS, i played the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game at 1999~2000, and they managed to create a whole NEW set of bugs. The thing is, there's a lot of remasters and remakes, these days to compare it to, and as such, it is HARD to let it pass, when you played so much better works. GF is a simple game, there is no big physics engines or great details to workaroud, it should be so simple to ""remaster"" it. I played it to the end in 3 days, and a lot of times i had to load and replay some areas because some bug happened.The cherry on the top of the ♥♥♥♥ cake: the FU!@#%¨ TANK controller achievement DIDN'T POPUP, d@mn it.I'll never give money to DF for a full priced game again, this is the mark they left on me.If you really want the achievements, like i did, be advised! Maybe the PS versions are better, i have no clue, but this one, is not worth it.."
76561198224804636,Recommended,316790,35027540,Posted: 17 September,all,stokeDstoka,Absolute Masterpiece
76561198089222164,Recommended,316790,35142392,Posted: 22 September,all,Lulersia,Top childhood game. I can't recommend it enough !
,Recommended,316790,35159466,Posted: 23 September,all,todpolle,"Pros:-Great story and characters.-Graphics may be dated but have a nice charm.-Music fits with the noir theme.-The tank controls suit the camera better.Cons:-Had to use a guide to help me get through most of the game.-Had trouble going through some doors.-Bugs including a nasty one near the end where you can't pick up the grinder with an arm.I like it as a movie, but as a game, I think it's meh.7/10"
,Recommended,316790,35428638,Posted: 2 October,all,Joost,"Amazing game! Fantastic story, voice acting, writing and visuals. Puzzle design has some of that classic impossible adventure logic though, so I advice grabbing a walkthrough whenever you're stuck for more than five minutes. Also, the remake is a bit buggy with animations freaking out occasionally. But really, none of that should stop you from playing one of the best stories and worlds in gaming."
76561198193275387,Recommended,316790,35464202,Posted: 3 October,all,Felicia Sexopants,"One of my favorite point and click adventure games of all time.  Perfect writing and Lucasarts-y puzzles.  Only downside is that the game has a few technical flaws, like having to manually save and crashing issues. Other than that, 9/10!"
,Recommended,316790,35488128,Posted: 4 October,all,Exile829,"I found while looking for ""unrated games"". Anywho, no surprise. It was spectaular. It took time to figure some puzzles (Vault Door and Glottis in the Pretrifed Woods). The cut scenes filled in a great story line. Who knew there were so many well established buinesses in The Land of the Dead."
,Not Recommended,316790,35482247,Posted: 4 October,all,A Thin Blue Line,The game is ok but the controls are clunky and slightly annoying. i loved the parts when i was in the reaper clothing ... the rest of the game was ehh...
,Recommended,316790,35504590,Posted: 5 October,all,Goblin,"Pro Tip, Save OFTEN, the remastered version is kinda buggy, it crashed to the desktop 6 times and corrupted my save file once.. other than that downside, it was a blast to play, with a fun story (not hilarious like monkey island or Full Throttle) but a fun Point and Click adventure."
