user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,316720,12943920,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,jfietkau,"Deep inside the old sarcophagus city, while searching for food, weapons, or resellable scraps, you make an unlikely discovery: What you'd assumed to be an abandoned military facility is actually a pre-war planetarium. And as it turns out,the custodian robot is still welcoming customers after all these years.Let's talk aboutplanetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~.It's akinetic novel(a visual novel without any choices or other interactive game elements), so the only thing that the player/reader controls is the pace of the story. Do what you will with that information.Originally developed byKeyin 2004 and recently published on Steam bySekai Project, this is widely considered a classic in the VN community, and a very worthwhile addition to the still meager selection of good visual novels on Steam. It's a short story about a world full of desolation, hopelessness, cynicism and resignation, and about a little robot girl who's immune to all of it. It's also about going stargazing in a world without stars.The backgrounds and character sprites inplanetarianare somewhat sparse in direct comparison to some of the more visually bombastic VNs out there. It is however very evocative, and with that it falls in line with the writing. The whole novel follows a slow pace -- never dragged out, but certainly deliberate. It leaves plenty of time for you and your own thoughts, and I urge you to take advantage of this invitation. I ended up with just over three hours of total playtime, which included some breathing room for the fantastic voice acting.Any good visual novel swings in tune with its soundtrack, andplanetarianis no exception. Opening with the music box lullaby ""The World of the Stars"" it immediately offers you a glimpse of its gentle mood. Tracks like ""Song of Starflight"" accentuate the day-to-day interactions of the main characters with a lax and childish air, while the perhaps most iconic song of the roster, ""Gentle Jena"", cushions some of the more tender scenes in an aura of warmth and belonging (and I would encourage you to keep that last one playing in the background while you read the rest of this review).Visual novels as a medium don't lend themselves especially well to twitchy action stories, and despite the occasional surprise in that regard, the bulk ofplanetarianis about its characters and their interactions. Of the two main characters, only one actually appears on screen, and it would be a fair assessment to say that the story is about her, in several ways.Yumemi (translated as ""Reverie"" in some localizations) is not the kind of quasi-human A.I. that we're used to from the likes of Cortana or EDI. She is a robot programmed for a very straightforward purpose. She oscillates between toddler-like naiveté at best, and robotic-algorithmic behavior at worst. So why do you entertain her thoughts of repairing the old projector? Why do you, a looter perpetually on the verge of starvation, end up tacking another night onto your stay at the old planetarium?This story isn't about what Yumemiis, but about what sherepresents.Spending valuable time and energy on a planetarium of all things should feel frivolous, yes, downright sacrilegious. But there is something peculiar inside you, easy to explain away as idle curiosity about the starry night sky that you only know from old people's stories. Something you probably didn't think you still had. They say there was a time before the war, before the planet was shrouded by a thick layer of acid clouds, when people were able to look at the stars whenever they wanted. When there was still a notion of mankind eventually travelling to, and settling on, foreign worlds.Back when people still had hope for the future.Yumemi was left behind at the beginning of the war, and despite not having had any sort of human contact in years, she diligently awaits the day's customers. There's only one thing she wants out of this existence, one thing she wants to do more than anything else in the world: to show you the stars.The little robot girl, once built for the simple goal of caring for the planetarium's customers, ends up fulfilling a much grander purpose. Tucked away in her own little corner of a gray world inhabited by people who have forgotten what it means to be human, Yumemi is a shining beacon, a time capsule, a reminder that there is a star-filled sky right behind the acid clouds. Yumemi is the child, the lamb. She embodies innocence, childlike wonder, relentless optimism. Looking into her eyes, you cannot help but feel deeply ashamed for what the world has become.What was it, then, that made you stay at the planetarium? Was it really just idle curiosity? Or is there more to this little thought in the back of your head after all? Do you feel in your stomach what the place emanates? Does Yumemi give you the strength to dare to form the words, that maybe, just maybe... there is some hope left in this world? That there is such a thing as ""the future""?You should readplanetarianif you have any interest in visual novels, if you haven't experienced a good story in a while, if you like looking up at the stars and wondering what the future holds, or if that little spark deep inside you that is almost drowned by cynicism needs a little bit of nourishment. Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,316720,12074491,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Botan ;),"It's a nice & sweet short story I've read. Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is made by the legendary company ""Key"", well known for creating Angel Beats!, Clannad and Little Busters! anime series. This game will guaranteed to touch you with the feels and make you cry.Good points- Fantastic character development & interactions between the two unique characters - The junker guy & Yumemi the gentle robot.- Very well presented that will easily set your mind into the wonderful world of Planetarian.- Delightful soundtrack & story. I love the soundtrack especially Gentle Jena, one of my favorite songs. The melody is so touching and charming. Listen to this piece & you'll be blown awayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4dw_B423E- Beautiful illustrations. Yumemi looks pretty adorable & I like how it's suits her personally well."
,Recommended,316720,12075010,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,sorathecrow,A Kinetic Novel by Key?  On Steam?  And you're reading reviews instead of insta-purchasing?For shame.
76561198162497066,Recommended,316720,18684988,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,東雲☆なのです,"-Finished the game.-Immediately search for Planetarium within the city.-Can't find one...-Looked up into the night sky.-Saw 2 stars.-Start crying.Thanks Key, not only I can't eat dango and watch baseball without feeling sad.Now I can't even look at the night sky the same way.P.S: Buy this game on Steam if it's 75% off sale, unless you want to support the publisher/developer.The game is only 5 hours long at most, and you can get it much cheaper on Itune store (It seems that not all Itune Store has the English ver, I know for sure that the Canadian Itune store has the English ver)."
,Recommended,316720,12482408,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Меритокрыс кысевенец,i criedBetter than Fallout series
,Recommended,316720,15413003,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Reimu☆rena~,"A VN by 'key' and one of the leading VN developers in the world makes a VN that will make you cry at the end, assuming you actually cry because this is VN are by the same people who made Clannad, Air, Kanon, Little Busters (All great VNs and animes). It does show its age (this VN was made 10 years ago) when you play the game and the 'save' function isn't great either, you only get 5 save slots, so you have to overwrite your saves quite a lot.The story is set in the future after the ""failure of the Space Colonization Program"". It is a post-apocalyptic novel involving only 2 main characters""Mr. Customer"" aka ""The Junker""andYumemi Hoshino aka the robot. There is no ""choose your on route/story"" in this VN, its a direct story with no choices.GraphicsAs you'd expect, this a pretty old VN, so graphics isn't its strong point here. It has basic drawn images and the animation is limited. Though the visuals are not the great part, you can still enjoy the VN with what is offers.Final Score: 5/10StorylineThis is a VN by 'key' we are talking about, of course its going to tell you a great story. I have never read a VN by 'key' and said ""I was disappointed with it"". All their VNs are nicely told, it often gives you tears, but that’s part of the experience. Expect to cry in every VN that 'key' makes.Final Score: 10/10SoundAnother strong factor here. The music and soundtracks are possibly the most satisfying thing you will love about this VN, considering that it is over 10 years old. I still have a hard time trying to figure out how they managed to make all these soundtracks, they are absolutely fantastic, even though half of them where very sad to listen to. The only downside is that there is only a few of these soundtracks.Final Score: 9/10Gameplay/Features/LayoutThe VN offers simple controls, press ""Enter"" to read another line, press ""Spacebar"" to hide the text box etc...nothing complicated there. The features are also very simple, since the VN is pretty old. It goes the same with the overall layout. Here's and great tip,tilt your head left or right in the title screen and be amazedFinal Score: 6/10PriceProbably the most common question when buying anything is ""Is it worth buying it?"". If you like light romance and sad stories. This is your best bet. You won't regret your choice, it was made by 'key', so you know it's worth it. At £7, this is a pretty cheap VN already, considering there are other VNs out there that cost more and has less stuff to offer. This is definitely worth your time and you shouldn't worry about spending too much on this.Final Score: 10/10Overall Score : 40/50Percentage Score: 80%"
,Recommended,316720,12075582,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,RSn|Animus,"「Planetarium wa ikaga deshou?Donna toki mo kesshite kieru koto no nai, utsukushii mukyuu no kirameki.Manten no hoshiboshi ga, minna sama wo machishiteimasu!」-Hoshino YumemiPlanetarium is a kinetic novel developed by Key (best known for Kanon, Air, Clannad & Angel Beats). What first served as a game tester for Kinetic format turns out to be a hit sales when it was released back in 2004.I have played this novel over again and again on multiple platform yet the warm feeling of this novel still stucks in the back of my head like I just played it yesterday. The feeling that you get from this novel is overwhelming and the soundtrack delivers an epic blow alongside with the story. The graphic, while it is from 2004 is quite good and the design is also detailed.Planetarian is a VN that I would always recommend to my friend who wants to try the VN medium as this VN is delivers such a great impact despite its short story.Also, you should try listening to the Drama CD after finishing the game. It provides a proper conclusion to the story of Junker and additional side story regarding the Great Nuclear War."
,Recommended,316720,19867837,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PEKING DUCK,I only cried more when filling out my tax forms.
,Recommended,316720,12692892,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,☭ KOMMyHuCT ☭,"ENGLISH/АНГЛИЙСКИЙ:Remember one thing: if you see a KEY's novella on Steam buy it without thinking. I promise you, you will not regret. All of KEY's novels are a masterpieces.РУССКИЙ/RUSSIAN:Запомните одну вещь: если видите визуальную новеллу KEY в Steam купите не раздумывая. Обещаю вам, вы не пожалеете. Все ВН KEY - шедевры."
,Recommended,316720,21179977,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,atro city,"- Interesting plot (a scavenger in a post-apocalyptic city finds an abandoned android who is a relic of a bygone era)- A very bittersweet emotional story. This is the game's strongest point, and I have to admit I broke down twice while reading it.- Short (~4 hours), but this works to the game's favor as it doesn't outstay its welcomeI can recommend this without hesitation to anyone who wants a memorable experience, even if they're not into visual novels. I know I won't forget about this game for a long time. Just remember to keep your tissue box handy, you'll need it."
,Recommended,316720,12075205,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Misuzu,"A beautifully woven work of textual art would be selling short the impact this tale would have on you. Stop reading this, cancel your appointments for the next 4 hours and play it now.If you've played it before, this is a polished version of the highly acclaimed original that never made it to English speaking shores. It's worth every penny and then some. I couldn't be happier with it. Play it again."
76561198033094827,Recommended,316720,12087040,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Xiango,Played this a decade ago...Cried so hard I fainted.Played it again when the voice acting was added a couple years later...Cried so hard I died of dehydration.Been dead ever since.10/10
,Recommended,316720,12093316,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,group321,It's Key guys. if you want to cry play this game.10/10
,Recommended,316720,18982156,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,cj iwakura,"Short, sweet, unforgettable, and damn emotional."
,Recommended,316720,31069031,Posted: 10 April,all,Ye Olde Hardscoper,Spent more time crying than reading.10/10.
76561198018718954,Recommended,316720,12078754,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ponies and Cream,"I have already played this game before it was licensed and I even bought it when I found an iPhone version. The fact I'm playing it for a second time means that it's doing something right.Developed by Key, 'Planetarian: ~The Reverie of a Little Planet~' takes place in a post-apocalyptic Japan. The Junker (the character you follow) hears rumours of a city that hasn't been exploited by other scavengers. In hopes to claim any goods, the Junker stumbles upon nothing but ruins and a robot girl named Yumemi Hoshino.The story itself isn't very long, which is good considering it doesn't have a thousand story arcs like Clannad or Rewrite (some of Key's other works). It's just the right length to develop your characters and see them interact with each other as they try to overcome the problem at hand.The Junker starts off as a jerk (although that's understandable) and he I didn't find him ver likeable in the beginning. What I don't like the most is that we are given bits of his past but they act more like references than tools to develop his character.Yumemi, however, is the true star. She's a very thoughful and respective robot that takes care of the planetarian in the absence of civilization. Her attitude and general presence is almost heartlifting, and if you engrose yourself in the game you might even grow a smile on your face. You almost forget she's a robot by the end of the game.The music is pretty nice. It's calming when it needs to be, but there are moments when the music stops and the only audio playing is the rain, which is really calming.Speaking of which, the atmosphere is mostly pretty cheerful. Most of the time it's just the Junker and Yumemi talking, and the music in the background works very well in this respect. There are times when the rain just goes and it lets you take in everything you are experiencing. You can also tell by the end of the story just how heavy things are getting.If you are considering this game I highly recommend you buy it. If you aren't interested in a story with no gameplay stay clear of this one there is no gameplay other than clicking to prceed to the next text. There aren't English voice actors either, so if you aren't fond of listening to two Japanese actors talking to each other I also recommend you stay clear of this game."
,Recommended,316720,23131888,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Black Heart Goddess,"Well Key you have done it again: managed to make me cry. God damn it.Seriously, though, a short yet sweet VN that will have you thinking about what it is to be human, and finding hope amidst despair."
,Recommended,316720,15483641,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,elsDodo,"Why don't you buy planetarian?The beautiful story of a robot-girl that will never lose faith in humanity, no matter what.All the feels in this game are waiting for you."
,Recommended,316720,12660220,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Nya_Bilibili,"So, this is another key's sadness visual novel, I have played Clannad and watched Clannad, Air, Kanon, and many key's animes. This time key brings us a sadness but thoughtful story with a robot girl whose name is Hoshino Yomemi, which means the beautiful dream of the stars. I have read the whole Planetarian novels after played this game, so that I know the whole world of this novel series.Yomemi is a lovely girl, I DON'T think she is a ROBOT, but a HUMAN with all the beauties and she stands for the brightness of humanity. She is innocent and just like a child. Human destoried everything but she still believed that everything will become fine one day. I think the precious memories of Yomemi are the most moved part of this novel and I cried for nearly 2 hours after I watched that part. After played this game, I thought a long time, why human beings began to kill each other? Maybe they lost their emotions like love and mercy. After all, all these loves and mercies are given to Yomemi and she became the hope of human maybe. Though her body dead in the end, but her spirit was taken by us. By the way, the next novel called Man of Stars(maybe, I read this story in Chinese), in that story, our main character became a old man and show other people the beauty of stars, just like what Yomemi was done to him, and finally in a small village in South America, he dead with another robot which the same type of Yomemi, in that time, the South America was covered with ice and people could hardly survive. In that village, our main character teached 3 children many things of stars, knowledges, and some past stories. It's a sad end. Human couldn't avoid disappearing from this planet, but our spirit, our love, the dream of heaven, the heaven that won't be seperated, the hope, won't disappear.Actually, I think this game worth this price, in my opinion, it's even more worth than 60$, it makes us to thought what's the true love, what's the humanity, and I think it's even more thoughtful than some text book."
,Recommended,316720,12111098,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Sir Pooty Poot,Do you like Visual Novels? If yes buy this gameDo you like to cry? If yes buy this gameDo you like good games? If yes buy this game
,Recommended,316720,12076901,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Berserkguard,"Behold, the first Key/VisualArt's visual novel to make it onto Steam! Sekai Project already announced that they will be releasing Clannad on Steam as well, so you can be sure that this won't be the last.Note that Planetarian is a kinetic novel. This means that the player doesn't make any choices which impact the story, making it more akin to a graphic novel than a game. While many might argue that this would make it inferior to other VNs, the story is well written and satisfying enough where I am not bothered by the lack of choice. Both the artwork and the text are beautiful and bring the story to life.So even if you don't normally play kinetic novels, I highly recommend you buy it anyways and try it for yourself. There's a reason Key/VisualArt's is as well known for their VNs as they are (hint: it's because they're geniuses). By buying this game, you are supporting Key/VisualArt's, Sekai Project, and Steam, which in turn will lead to more VNs being released on Steam! It's a quadruple win!And thank you Sekai Project for collaborating with Key/VisualArt's to make this happen. Can't wait for Clannad!Speaking of Clannad, make sure all you Clannad fans join our Steam group (we're very active!):http://steamcommunity.com/groups/CLANNAD"
76561198006413390,Recommended,316720,21948039,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,woosk,"This is a short and unusual visual novel about a Junker who takes shelter in an abandoned planetarium long abandoned by its previous human occupants to search for food, drink and cigarettes while avoiding hostile Warmonger robot patrols and sentries. The Junker encounters a robot greeter Hoshino Yumemi who sees the Junker as its 2497490th visitor and customer at the planetarium(space-themed movie projection theater with shopping mall) from a bygone age before humans were forced to evacuate from the city and the city was bombed with germ bombs.Although there are no choices to make at all in this game, the CG, soundtracks, and overall game presentation are nicely done. Reading through the storyline and dialogue, unlocking the CG and music gallery and obtaining all achievements will take about 2 hours.I have also nominated this game for I'm not crying, there's something in my eye award in November 2016 Autumn Sale."
,Recommended,316720,19258925,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Squire Zed,"Planetarian is an interesting game. It was my first entry into the VN genre, and as a kinetic novel, having only one route, it provides a simple, easy to understand and unfortunately brief experience. As a VN by Key, it boasts superb writing and amazing storytelling, even if the presentation is a bit dated. While the $10 price tag may be a bit steep for the short length of the game, it is incredibly potent and an interesting tale that questions what it means to be human, isolation, and companionship. The two characters are excellent foils, and you can see them play off of each other as the story develops. Overall, it may not be the most polished or modern VN, but it has a huge (robotic) heart.10/10."
,Recommended,316720,15226834,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kirinfable,"I found the first half to be really dragged out and you can foresee the conclusion within the first 15 minutes.However despite these setbacks, the voice acting and BGM make up for it. The game gets much better later on and at its climax, manages to tug at my heartstrings even though I was prepared for the inevitable conclusion.Overall I exited the game satisfied with my purchase."
,Recommended,316720,32914411,Posted: 27 June,all,Arbiter1479,"Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~is a fairly serious and gloomy visual novel that focuses on a scavenger and his exploration in a post apocalyptic city. He encounters a planetarium and it’s custodian robot.Without spoiling the story or the plot, they eventually get to know each other and the story develops from there.The writing and the plot is excellent, with a wide range of words and vocabulary being used to describe various situations and terms. While there are certain words that are being used in the script of which a native speaker may have difficulty understanding, I would say it is necessary to illustrate and deliver the context or tone of the situation.SummaryI’d recommend it to people who are looking for a more serious albeit short visual novel which tugs at your heartstrings. It is advisable to pick it up during a sale where is often discounted due to how long it has been on Steam.Overall, I’d give it a solid 8.5/10 as there is character depth and substance to the story.Thank you for taking your time to read my review and I hope it has assisted you in making the decision on whether to buy the game or not to do so! :D"
,Recommended,316720,24127606,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Remini,"TheBESTVisual Novel I have ever seen.A wonderful Sci-Fi AVG about a female robot who is similar with Asimov's.Have finished it before and purchased it for the first time I saw it on Steam.It's a sad but warm story in the wasteland.It's one kind of the futures which may come true.According to the2001: A Space Odysseywhich is a film produced in 1968, we thought we would have already built a huge Space Station or permanent bases on moon and would have the ability of sending manned spacecrafts to Jupiter controlled by an advanced A.I. in 2001.Well, it's 2016 today and what have we done? A MUCH smaller one called I.S.S.?In the past, we had predicted the future in a overly optimistic way and is there anyone can promise that we are not doing the same now?That's why I fully immerse myself in the setting of the story. It's probably a real story in our future.================================BTW, the game totally refresh my impression in hard S.F. of the Key.================================The game is only a part of the world of the Planetarian. Read the Novel(script?) and you will have some insight into the whole world of it.================================The animated version of Planetarian will be released tomorrow.It's worth watching.I promise."
76561198025980821,Recommended,316720,18031109,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,RawShank,"This turned out to be quite a good read and feel ride towards the end.Maybe 1 or 2 written mistakes but its no big deal....""Grabs tissue box""What? Some dust went on my eyes, thats not crying.9/10"
76561198301045314,Recommended,316720,31093588,Posted: 12 April,all,RPCV Cabo Verde,"An almost Biblical parable of faithfulness in which a humble customer service robot puts the entire human species to shame. A masterpiece. I couldn't help thinking of the movie ""Silent Running"" while reading this. Listen carefully to the instrumental that sounds like it was played with triangles near the ending. A song from childhood Sunday School."
,Recommended,316720,12104352,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Shinsuke Nakamura,"A masterfully written story full of sad moments, uplifting moments and some downright depressing ones too. While it can be read from start to finish in 2 hours, it is well worth the price and then some. Even though it is just back and forth dialogue between a robot programmed to take care of guests at a planetarium and one man in a post-apocalyptic setting, you'd have a difficult time finding other visual novels that offer a more engrossing story. Key are kings of the genre and hopefully more of their titles will end up getting localised on Steam. What a great VN.~~~~There is a problem with how text is displayed that you should be warned about. Most sentences have spaces where there shouldn't be spaces and text ends up overlapping. Most sentences for whatever reason look like this ""H ell o ho w ar e you ?""You don't really notice after a while but it's a very weird problem to have."
,Recommended,316720,12075017,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Techim,"Ah. A work by Key.For the unaware (especially those who enjoy anime),Key is responsible for Visual Novels like Air, Clannad, Kanon, Little Busters, Rewrite and Angel Beats.Most of those already have anime adaptations.(Except for Rewrite, Kud Wafter and Planetarian)While Planetarian might be too short to get turned into the usual 12-13 episode anime series,if it gets the anime movie treatment,I'd say it'll be a treat you should not miss.Some comedy along with feels (the combo traits that have come to be associated with Key works)PS: The first time I cleared this Kinetic Novel (outside Steam) had me shedding a few tears.*If asked to which Key series this reminds me of, I'd say Clannad.In Clannad we have a robot and a girl.In Planetarian we have a robot and a guy. :p"
,Recommended,316720,12106250,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,sweet-saccharin,"picture an ocean. that ocean represents your tears. I am not exaggerating. enjoy your tears in this classic Key Visual Arts novel. the first time I read it was years and years ago, and I was probably in tears for almost an hour. this time around, re-reading it, even though I knew everything, I was left in tears for twenty minutes."
,Recommended,316720,12759884,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,UberWarri0r,I bought this pretty much only knowing it was created by Key. No regrets.
,Recommended,316720,12567115,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ranix,"This isn't a game, this is a visual novel. There are no gameplay elements whatsoever. It is not like a ""choose-your-own-adventure"" novel, there are no choices to choose from.Planetarian uses graphics, music, and sound effects to tell a story. It's an excellent story, and I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,316720,34106116,Posted: 8 August,all,傻蛋小魔王,"I am a Chinese and my English is not very well, so I played the Chinese version. I am glad to share my feelings in English. There may be some mistakes in my essay because of my poor English level.Planetarian is not like most of the visual novels. Most of them have many characters and take place in city where there are many people. Planetarian has only two characters and it takes place in an abandoned city. So it seems that there are only hero and heroine in the world, which makes players have strange feelings. The time needed for playing is also short, only 2 hours. It tells a short but beautiful story. A scavenger entered a planetarium and encountered its custodian robot, Yumemi, and the story starts there.The story of Planetarian is very impressive. I, being like the hero, first thought Yumemi was chatty and annoying and thought the story was boring. But as the story went on, I gradually immersed into it. Finally I only felt sad and took pity on Yumemi. Her wish is only to serve human and bring the starry sky to the people, but the world is too cruel to let it come true. Her awkward behaviors only add to the sadness of the story.I think there are at least three themes of Planetarian. First, it tells us that we should pay some attention to spiritual wealth. We are always busy in the temporal work and forget the beauty of the starry sky, so this game lets us recall it. Second, it tells us that we humans should not begin a war, for it has showed the terrible world after a war. Finally, it eulogizes ”the people who tells stars” like Yumemi. The world in the game symbolizes the world we are living in now, for our world also has many problems and dark sides. In the bad environment some people corrupt themselves, like the robot weapon. But others still strive to spread beautiful things and thoughts, like Yumemi. It is the existence of them that gives us courage to strive in bad environment, and see the light in the darkness.To end up, I think the most important value of Planetarian is to purify our heart. We may be impressed by the goodness and perseverance of Yumemi, and live a better life in the following days. “When you are caught in the darkness and are not able to see the real starry sky, please recall the scene you see now. It is my little wish.” It is a beautiful wish of Yumemi, isn’t it? Nothing else is important then.“Why don’t you come to the planetarian?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.”"
,Recommended,316720,25506340,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,mugknight,"This is not a game.Firstly, I watched the anime before playing this game, despite I purchased it before the anime was released.This is a visual novel that is filled with emotion and I must say that key did a good job in this game.I enjoyed the anime and this is the same but the feels could not be stopped even when I have watched the anime. I find that the tears was flowing like a lake when I was reading this VN and I enjoyed it deeply that I read every word that was in the text. Some of the words are bugged, unreadable but overall I must say this is a great experience to people who enjoy VN.To anyone that really enjoy reading, this is suitable for you are be prepare to have a packet or even a roll of tissue as tears are really leaking right now even when i'm writting this review.I would totally recommend this game to everyone that enjoys VN and reading. GL as now my shirt is totally wet with tears."
,Recommended,316720,12299028,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Wheelman,lump in my throat was so tight felt like I was going to diewas too busy crying to noticeclannad will kill me10/10
,Recommended,316720,12077638,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,paranoid,"Simply beautifulAmazing short story which, despite it's length, delivers superb character development. The music is very good and fitting as expected of KEY. And voice acting is just excellent. As of today, Planetarian is no doubt the best Visual Novel on steam - If you're into VNs it would be a sin not to buy this!PS: Don't forget to check out Drama CDs with ""after story"""
76561198028569486,Recommended,316720,29225043,Posted: 13 January,all,Jordangandr,"Key runs solely on the tears of it's customers. Props to them for using a renewable resource.Graphics/Anamations:Obviously, as it's from 2004, have low expatations.Gameplay/Features:It's a VN, so little to none. It's comparable to a book.Sound/Audio:++Story:Drink plently of water.Price:As expected for content. A steal when on sale."
,Recommended,316720,24551822,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Misericordia,"Game stages for players:(￣︿￣)(；⌣̀_⌣́)(￢‿￢ )(⊃｡•́‿•̀｡)⊃(个_个)ლ(ಠ_ಠ ლ)(⊙_⊙)(ಥ﹏ಥ) ........_____________$_$$_____________$$$ …..... ^v^_... ^v^____$$_§§§.___________$$$_§§§§§___________$_$_§§§§§§ ………..... ^v^__________$$_$__§§§§§§_________$$$_$__§§§§§§§________$$$$_$__§§§§§§§§_______$$$$$_$__§§§§§§§§_____$$$$$$$_$__§§§§§§§§§____$$$$$$$$_$_§§§§§§§§§§§_$_$$$$$$$$$_$_§§§§§§§§§§§_$$_$________$$$_____$$$$$___$$__$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$_$$$$.___$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$_..-+*°* -.._ ~~~*°*~~~ _..- *°* -.._~~~ _..- *°* -..~~~~ _..- *°* -..__..- *~~°* -..__..- *~~~~°* -.._* -...- *°_.~*°*~~~~ _..- *~~~~°* -.._*.- *°* -.._Yes, this sea of your tears....."
,Recommended,316720,12087876,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,🅷🆄🆁🆁🅰🆈,hands down the best post-apocalyptic game on steam.
76561198062460478,Recommended,316720,12134505,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Donchiki Tanaka,Second playthrough years later.It's still raining...
76561198141404871,Recommended,316720,21239345,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,joan4003,"For anyone who likes CLANNAD, Air or Angel Beats! they will enjoy this kinetic visual novel.  Put it on autoplay and sit back to read. (Since I read all three of those manga and have watched the anime, plus ""know"" the types of stories Key puts out, I knew what I was getting into even before I bought this ""game"".  Let us just say I knew what type of ending this would have before I started, and bought it anyway.)Storyline: A Junker (a scavenger, really) on a future post apocalytic Earth accidently (and quite possibly by fate) runs across a non-lethal still functioning companion robot named Hoshino Yumeni.  Yumeni is the caretaker of a department store planetarium. (I am sure the word, planetarian, in the title is simply a misspelling.)  Still performing her duties as greeter and narrator, Yumeni greets 'Mr. Customer' formally and politely.  She offers to show him a special presentation of ""the starry sky"", a sky which in reality is covered with perpetually falling toxic rain.  There in that forgotten planetarium in the middle of a biologically contaminated and abandoned lethal 'Sarcophagus City' patrolled by murderous mechanized war machines these two share a reverie (a daydream) of a once and ""future"" world.Excellent story, and have a box of tissue handy."
,Recommended,316720,21245323,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mudjoe2,it hurts to be alive
,Recommended,316720,12858761,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ancient Do$hu Desu,I cry every time. Tears flooded my whole house. ;-;
76561198148030287,Recommended,316720,31277731,Posted: 21 April,all,SevenDeck,"Fairly short visual novel.Sweet and cute story that can be finished in a single lazy afternoon.Worth your time!Buy it if you have had previous experience with VNs or a great short inexpensive entry if you just want to give VNs a try without committing too much time!To maximize the effect or enjoyment, play it right after Fallout 4 or the likes..Trust me ♥"
,Recommended,316720,21866134,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Trafalgar,;﹏;
,Recommended,316720,21889051,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,yellow,"(1) Google 'gentle jena' and listen it.(2) Repeat again and again and again and again.There are three complimentary Drama CDs available on iTunes Store.Check the final chapter '星の人(planetarian)' if you have interest in after-story.Here is synopsis of the final chapter;After the story, the Junker made mobile planetarium and traveled around the world, and showed the stars to the surviving people with her memorycard.And after the decades, in some vault (the stage of the 2nd CD),at the last moment of his journey, he found an unbroken companion robot......I can't say anymore ;~;Also I recommend the audiobook 'チルシスとアマント(Tircis and Aminte)'.Narrator's voice is unbelievably beautiful.実はノベル版にドラマCD3枚ぶんの話が全部入ってるんだけど、それ買って満足したまま数年たってから、最後の最後、主人公たちのその後の非常に重要な話を書いた10ページ分だけがドラマCDには入ってるけど本からはスッポ抜けてることを知った時はその内容からの衝撃と、先に言ってくれよという気持ちで本当に泣いた（一応、筆者のブログでその部分が読める）P.S. THE MOVIE WAS EPIC. YOU MUST WATCH IT."
,Recommended,316720,12313573,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kami,"Key Visual Art's is the Best story-telling game developer out in the gaming business, have finally hit Steam! (Took them long enough!)Heads up though this is not what you would call a game, it's more like an automatic book aka Kinetic Novel, which mean no interaction just reading and listening.For me Key (Key Visual Art's for short) have been my favorite company ever since i first watched the anime called ""Clannad"". After finishing both seasons, i needed to fill the emptiness in my heart with more anime which were almost as good or closely like ""Clannad"", those were ""Air"", ""Kanon"", ""Angel Beats"" and ""Little Busters!"" (though LB! was 3-4 years later). What do they all have in common? Made by same company and highly rated anime and highly recommended. So Planetarian should'nt be an exception! Although all you do is read and listening. You will be dragged into that world, feel every happiness, sorrow and pain and ofcourse you will get attached to one of the characters! (in this case just one). Let us not forget the Background music! THOSE are the what i call Re-FEELer (see the pun there?) Every time i listen to one of Key's produced music, i end up remembering those moments in the anime/game and just standing there crying... Happened to me once at school when i was careless and the Yumegatari (a song from the anime ""Air"") was played my mobile, I sat there in class and dropped tears... just... just beautiful songs a-and.... it's so sad... but still so good...My conclusion would be:Buy it if you rather want a good story to FEEL more than a gameplay. Cause if you want both get ""To the moon"" but if you want a gameplay? Well... wrong place!"
,Recommended,316720,12077663,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Karifean,"Planetarian is a Kinetic Novel, meaning it's basically a novel you read through, supplemented with background graphics, character sprites, voice acting and music. Unlike many visual novels, there are no choices or branching paths, so it really doesn't feel too different from reading a book. It can be read through in about three hours' time, so it's not a huge time investment either - however I very much recommend it. Planetarian was made by Key, and anyone who knows Key will probably have a good idea of what to generally expect of this visual novel. And if you don't, this is a good starting point to get to know what Key can be like.The story is set in a post-apocalyptic setting with most of humanity having been wiped out in a great war, poisonous rain pouring down without end, and everyone still alive struggling to survive. In this world our protagonist, the nameless Junker, enters a city where he hopes to find ""treasure"" or in other words, junk to sell or make use of. And by chance, he comes across the Planetarium, where he is greeted by a rather curious being, which doesn't really seem affected by the horrible state of the outside world at all. The rest is history.Obviously with a length of just about three hours, Planetarian is not the greatest novel you will ever read. However, considering its short length I find it impressive what they did manage to create. I was skeptical about a visual novel made by Key without their most prominent storywriter - Jun Maeda - being involved, but I was pleasantly surprised. The total clash of worldviews brought by the two characters is well presented and it's easy to empathize with the main protagonist. In the end, I just wished it were longer. The world in Planetarian was quite interesting and I would have liked to see more of it. Nonetheless, I certainly was not disappointed by this novel."
,Recommended,316720,12075353,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Finjas,"So far this is the best Visual Novel on Steam. It's short, and it's great! The story combines intriguing premise with strong emotional reward at the end. And isn't that the main reason we read fiction at all?If you never heard of Visual Novels or simply haven't tried to read one yet, you can't find anything better than Planetarian to start with."
,Recommended,316720,12912130,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Morsealworth,"WARNING: severe feels overdose may cause heart failures, hipertonia or uncontrollable indiscriminate cuddling.This story combines ""There will come gentle rains"" by Ray Bradbury, Terminator by James Cameron (dreams of Kyle Reese) and C3PO. Heroine would never shut up unless someone could die because of her endless chatter.And answering people who still don't know if it's worth its money: it consists of concentrated win and nothing else. You can buy Clannad which has more win thinly distributed between gigabytes of text, endless bad ends and hours and hours of reading. Or you could buy this one, that has less content, but incomparably bigger win to vontent ratio, and cry from the beginning till the end credits, like I did. I didn't even know that I could cry for 4 hours straight."
76561198095032364,Recommended,316720,12676565,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,REZT_N_PIECES,"Never in my life had I tried a visual novel, heck I didn't even know such a thing existed, being the adventurist guy that I am I said ""eh why not give it a shot??, YOLO!!"". Well one thing is for sure, that ending will definately put your manliness to the test. Great story. you can click away at your pace or just leave it in auto mode kick back and relax."
76561198157841109,Recommended,316720,24207901,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,"Jade ""Princess"" Mew","Absolutely heartbreaking.. ;-;This game had me in tears at the end.The music was fantastic, along with a very interesting storyline."
,Recommended,316720,14116446,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,hamoun76,"Wow. Just wow. I usually don't do review for games that I play, even if they are really good ones, but I can not let this one go. If you are reading this, and are considering whether to buy this game or not, do not hesitate for even a second. I think this is the only time that a form of entertainment, be it a game,movie,book ... , has made me cry. The story is so moving and one of the best ones that I have seen. Even though this novel is short, you will not regret buying it. I'm pretty sure I will not forget about this even after 30 years."
,Recommended,316720,12769305,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Chased Alcoholic Goat,"This, is no short of Key standard, it is beautiful. Even though it's short, the story is so, so, so, I have no other way of putting this then, Key. And yes, I cried, worth at least double the prise. 11/10"
,Recommended,316720,16108517,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,PlatypusVampire,This novel made me sure of one statement.I'm (still) a soulless b*tch.
,Recommended,316720,32912864,Posted: 27 June,all,Red Misanthropy,"At first, i thought this was boring. But then i was drawn into it more and more and finally ended up crying like a little b****. Seriously, this story tore me to pieces worse than some of the best anime i have watched (and i watch some depressing s***). I highly recommend this game to anyone. I don't care how manly or thick skinned you think you are, you will need some tissues, guarunteed. It reminded me of when i was playing Mass effect 3 and the question came up about whether a machine can have a soul... Yeah, be ready for some serious feels.On a side note, the soundtrack is beautiful and perfect.10/10 My face hurts.UPDATE: Months later and i am still effected by this story. Damn it hit hard."
,Recommended,316720,28133426,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kumi,This visual novel is old but it's pleasantly refreshing to play through. It has a good story line which I found to be both thought provoking and moving. The scenes and the audio are well produced making the experience quite immersive.Pick it up when it's on sale to get the best value out of it. You can finish it relatively quickly and most people won't have a reason to replay it a lot.
76561198057091331,Recommended,316720,13119037,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,wizzerd695,"It is a masterpiece to me. One of the most moving things I ever experienced.Absolutely beautiful and touching. This is kinetic novel, made by the inspiriational people Key (if you're familiar with Kanon, AIR, Clannad, Little Busters!, Rewrite or Angel Beats). The story of Planetarian the Reverie of a little planet is well and truely unlike any other story you will hear and one that should not be missed.It is a powerful and moving story that seriously influenced me and my world view. I strongly recommend playing it start to finish in one sitting, especially if you want to take it in to a full measure, providing you can keep at it for 2-4 hours and stay immersed.It is my utmost favorite story and visual novel to date.Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, there is something in my eye"" award."
,Recommended,316720,22906921,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Nagato StarShip,"Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~9/10 -myselfJust finished the game and I must say, it is a really touching visual novel from Key.Post apocalyptic story driven by a kawaii girl and a curiosity to find out what is going on in the world.Melancholic, joyful, fulfilling, and Hope is what this visual novel contains.-PRO-Full Japanese voice acting.Immersive story.All songs arranged by Magome Togoshi, except where noted.Polished CG images.-CON-Outdated interfaceFont subtitles sometimes awkward.One of Key's shorter visual novels but really lives up to the Key namesake and reputation for making excellent and touching visual novels.Key note... ""Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~"" 5 episode ONA ANIME July 7, 2016 – scheduledand Movie ""Planetarian: Hoshi no Hito"" September 3, 2016 Both Japan Release dates.""Why don't you come to the planetarium?"""
,Recommended,316720,15902699,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,:wq,Planetarian is a visual novel that should take you about 3 hours to finish. There are no choices; you simply progress the story.Apparently this is a cult classic? I went into this blind and was very pleasantly surprised. It's a beautiful story about hope in spite of a world filled with despair.
76561198060527161,Recommended,316720,12080925,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Sir Slush,I actually cried....I didn't know I could do that.
,Recommended,316720,29307735,Posted: 16 January,all,tenchimuyo1990,In less than 4 hours i became emotionally attached to the characters and cried. really damn good vnMusic 8.5Voice acting 10Setting 10Characters 8CG and art 10Story 9
76561198075597069,Recommended,316720,15975937,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,♥Milk✿Tea♥,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium? The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.""Key once again delivers a very touching and emotional VN. If you enjoy well-written stories, lovely music and beautiful art, then this is for you.Though it is short in length, it does not disappoint. It took me around 3 hours to finish it and I was fully engrossed in the story.I won't talk about the plot, it is best you discover it by yourself. Sorry ~Once you finish the game, you unlock the CG art and the music heard during gameplay. My favorite track is the rain and the robot ❤I forgot to mention that the VN has some dialogue voiced and the voice actors did a marvelous job......well I better not talk too much""The most irritating thing, in the entirety of the sealed city, chattered on with exhaustive courtesy.""(⌒_⌒;)"
,Recommended,316720,12076259,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,DaBackpack,"This is my third time purchasing this game, it's that good.This is currently the best visual novel available on Steam (until CLANNAD comes here). If you like this medium, you definitely need to check this game out.It's short, sweet, and thought-provoking. Something that will stick with you for a long time after you've finished it. It's a bit different from KEY's other visual novels, but I still really liked it.If you have any interest at all, buy the game. (I call it ""game"", but it's more akin to a book or screenplay.)(My complaints are more with this particular localization... the buttons and menus are not translated at all, which will alienate a lot of newcomers to Japanese VNs.)"
76561197967824813,Recommended,316720,22186079,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kanade_,"Out of all the Key works out there, this hit me the hardest.There's something about relationship between robots and humans, which I find it pretty fascinating compared to normal human relationship.This short, simple yet emotional story will make your eyes watery till the end.P.S. If you want some kind of closure to the story (i.e. not satisfied with the kinetic novel's bittersweet ending), listen to the final installment of drama CD. Especially the story called""星の人(Hoshi no Hito)""."
76561198128167541,Recommended,316720,21216894,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sammy096,"So I picked this little game on sale, knowing it was from Key. And in case you don't know, this studio likes to literally ♥♥♥♥ with your feels. So I knew what I was going into.So, what is this game? This is a kinect visual novel, that means it literally is a book with pictures, music and voice acting. In most VN you can choose your own ending by making choices that affect it. Here, it is just like normal book: one plot line from the beggining to the end.What is the story? It is about man, imply called ""Jumker"", who once visits planetarium, where lonely robot, called Hoshino Yumemi, wants to show your stars, but unfortunetely, the projector is broken. I believe that is all you need to know about this game. I was certainly suprised how grimm this story is and even more of its setting. I highly recommend you to NOT read the summary and/or tags, I think it kinda ruins the whole suprise thing. But why? Because the story is so touching that you should experience the bad things as you play, not before you even start. At least that is how I look at it.I can't really say much about the story because I would just spoil it. Let's move on chacters. There are only two. The main protagonist, ""Junker"" (yeah, we don't get to know his name) and Hoshino Yumemi. Junker is your solitary protagonist, minding his own bussines. Yumemi is the polar opposite. Robots in this world are programmed to serve and obey humans. She cares about our hero only because her software is telling her so. Oh, and she is very, but very talkative. Even though Yumemi is robot and is behaving like one, there is no way you won't think of her as a human for at least one time. And that is truly something. We are constantly reminded that she is indeed robot, both by her actions, dialog and by narrator. And yet, I could not help myself but think of her as a human. It was not her character sprite, it was the writing that has done so. And I did not even notice it. There was a perfect balance between reminding us that she is just a robot and making her feel so human. It was just incredibly well made. The sprite, the voice acting, the dialog, everything worked.The chemistry bewtween these two is also quite noticible, especially near the end. I did not believe that all was Yumemi was doing for Junker was because her software told her so. I just didn't. And I think that was the point. I think it is amazing that they managed in less the 5 hours make robot feel more human then our main character and everybody else in the world.And speaking or writing, you could just rip it out of this game, paste it on paper and nobody would really notice that this was at first VN. Unlike some other VNs at Steam, this is a huge achievemnt. That is not to say rest of it is completely unnecessary.I can say like 10 words in Japanese so I have no right to judge the voice acting. Yes, this novel is fully voice acted, even MC got his own voice actor. But VA of Yumemi was just joy to listen to. Her voice felt robotic and human at the same time. Junker does not really talk much with the exception of the ending. But he gives of that ""lone wolf"" vibe, if it makes sense. Nonetheless, they were both very entertaining.The art in this game is great. Yumemi's design is just gorgeous, you can see for yourself in the pics above. The overall art really helps the atmosphere. However, one issue I have with the look of this game is its layout. I don't understand why they thought making the background one small imagine and putting it on the top of the screan and filling the rest with some random gears while putting the text into the box at the bottom was a good idea. It feels odd, especially since Yumemi covers the entire right part of the screen and it does not really add to anything in my opinion. Some images cover almost the entire screen too, that looked great, I don't know why they made almost the entire game like that. And another thing, the whole escape menu looks exactly the same as your choice options when you right click on your desktop. It looks bad and incredibly out of place.Soundtrack for most part is quite nice. The whole soundtrack, as far as i know, is around 40 minutes long. That being said, it is the something I would want to listen to while doing something else. The one track that, however, stood out was Gentle Jena. My god, this song is the definition of beautiful. Go and listen to an extended version, you won't regret it.There are in total 19 achievemnts, two of which you get for entering CG Mode and Music mode, which you unlock at the after you finish the game. You can finish it in less then 3 hours if you are fast reader and you are not using voice acting (which I don't recommend). Yes, it is very short. But I don't think that is a problem. Who said all good stories had to be super long? But that brings another issue- the price. 10€ for 3-5 hours long game is too much. Wait for it to be on sale.TL;DRpros:+story, simple, yet beautiful+charcters+Yumemi's design+atmosphere+chemistry+art+its messege+feels included for all you masochists like me ^^cons:-layout-lazy and ugly in-game menu-priceFinal Verdict: 9/10Just like every other game made by Key, this is also beautiful and simple tale with powerful message, nice art and good soundtrack to support it all. But despite its pros, it is not really worth 10€. Put it to your wish list and wait for sale, then buy it as fast as you can, you won't regret it.I also recommend this game to everyone who is interested in VN but has yet to find a good place to start. Just like I said it is very short, so you won't really feel like you have wasted too much time if you end up disliking it."
,Recommended,316720,20984719,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cos@lcea,"10 years ago I found this novel game which resulted to I fall in love with Japanese animes & games.The storyline starts with a normal anime-style moe girl,she is talking again and again so some players may feel boring.But if you can be patient and continue to read the story,you will found it is moving.Love,Dream,Friendship,all these beautiful words will become worthless when our human world ends.Yumemi Hoshino,the robot girl in this story,is the symbol of these beautiful words.So her tragic end is destined.When she die in the hopeless wasteland I cant help crying.As someone said.""Destroying the precious thing and show it to reader,that is tragedy."""
76561198258923725,Recommended,316720,23470872,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Tiger Witch,"If you did buy this VN at a discounted price, consider it as a huge bonus. Like most people said, the story as depressing as the first time most people watch Clannad. As i read towards the end, it begin to rain heavily. Though the story is short, it also brought me new insight of life. Now, i really wish that robots like Yumemi existed in real life."
,Recommended,316720,34595770,Posted: 29 August,all,sorcrane,"Imagine you're eavesdropping on a conversation between two people. It's a really long conversation, about four hours long. Some parts of it feel slow. Some parts of it are a bit exasperating - one of the conversation partners is in a horrid state, but is also blissfully unaware why, so you can't help but get a little annoyed.But, this speaker is a determined spirit, and she has an unflinching will to always spin a situation positively - you can't help but get sucked into her world, and forget about the terrible one outside. And by the end of this long conversation, you find your heart has been touched - and possibly won't quite ever be the same."
,Recommended,316720,14067827,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,excd,"Planetarian is kinetic visual novel, meaning that it is completely linear and there are no choices involved. I would like to point out that it is also the first VN I have ever completed.This novel revolves around the main character, a ""Junker"" who scavanges the wastes of this post-apocalyptic world, and a robot named Yumemi who was created to work at a planetarium that has now been abandoned for nearly 30 years.It is a fairly short story, however it still manages to go into keen depth on the back-stories of the characters and the world they live in. Moreover, this novel has some very heartwarming moments, as well as some absolutely heartwrenching ones, which is to be expected from the legendary VisualArts/Key, creators of some of the best VNs (and anime) of all time.This story will make you laugh, it will make you cry, but most importantly of all, it will tell you an excellent story of a man and a robot, in a very well realized ""Fallout-esque"" world.I would heartily reccomend it, and as someone who has only ever finished this VN, I can say that it is an excellent entry into the genre, as it left me with the want for more of its kind."
,Recommended,316720,12117587,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Joni,"A visual novel. No game components.HOWEVER, this is not to say it is not worth buying.Cons:Drags on a bit in some partsNo interactivityFont acts a little odd depending what is chosenPros:Really moving story (Seriously, there are tears)Good musicSome japanese voice actingSummary: If you enjoy manga/visual novels, have about an hour or so free to experience a moving story and don't mind reading, you'll probably enjoy the game.If you're looking for a crazy shoot-em-up no holds barred strategy rpg simulator, probably not for you."
,Recommended,316720,12080530,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,King of Koopas,"If you have an extra 4 hours and a box of tissues lying around, get this. Well worth the 10 dollars, and supporting Key and Sekai Project means we may see other works appear on steam in the coming years. (Can't wait for CLANNAD)"
,Recommended,316720,13611323,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Palas,"Genre: Sci-fi/DramaDuration: About 4 hoursDeveloped by: KeyLicensed by: Sekai ProjectOnce you, the unnamed protagonist, reach the planetarium in a sarcophagus city, you meet this girl robot Yumemi. She talks a lot and insists in giving you a bouquet of junk. I like to refer to the protagonist as Mr. Customer, as that's how Yumemi refers to you. In any case, Planetarian spends a considerable amount of time explaining what has happened to the world and how desolate it is.Years ago, a full-scale war devastated Earth. Mankind built robots that could keep on identifying enemies and killing them even after all humans were decimated. And, indeed, human population decreased severely, to the point now there are only a few settlements left, far away from what we used to call ""cities"" back then. Some of said cities became sarcophagi, isolated and supposedly full of resources now rare in the few junkers who dare to trespass their walls' daily lives. The only two things that are constant in a human life now are fear and the rain.The Rain is some sort of a third character. The war, in the end, doesn't matter; the destruction doesn't matter; the booby trap that killed the protagonist's partner some time ago doesn't matter - but the fact that there's an ever-present toxic downpour is very much stressed by the artwork and the text, since, after all, it's the solid representation of the misery the world is going through. What is the Rain like? It (or she, since ""rain"" is a feminine noun in Portuguese and I can't help but think of a rain as a feminine entity) is negative. Inexorably, unchangeably, untouchably so. She will not stop, she will not break, she will not waver. However, Mr. Customer learned how to live with her.So you, the player, transit between two worlds: the barren outside, reigned over by the Rain, and the barren inside of the planetarium, reigned over by Yumemi. She knows every inch of the building. She's a robot, responsible for the planetarium. And what is she like? She is positive. Inexorably, unchangeably, untouchably so. She is a robot, programmed to be like this, yet ""just a little broken"". She cannot stop, she cannot break, she cannot waver. However, Mr. Customer learns how to live with her.What is the relationship between these two characters? None. They are completely unaware of one another and the protagonist is the bridge. It is confusing for Mr. Customer and it is confusing for you. The fact that you are the 2,500,000th customer (or, rather, the 2,497,290th customer, or rather rather, 2,497,288th visitor I think) is the whole reason why the story unfolds. She is not a human, there are never second intentions to what she says. She is what she is. She is the same as the Rain - they are two entities that can't ever touch because they are inexorable and will not, by essence and definition, change how they think and what they do.So the story is about Yumemi and the Rain, or, rather, about the time you'll spend alongside an upbeat, bright, fun to listen to and just a little broken robot who thinks of the pernicious, toxic rain outside as  ""an unfortunate weather"", day by day. You're a bystander, yet you're the reason why the story unfolds. This is how planetarian ~reverie of a little planet~ drags you into its world and makes you deeply attached to a character, even without choices. Especially without choices.Positive:*It is one of the most touching stories on Steam. In fact, it's one of the most touching visual novels ever.Negative:*Might be expensive"
,Recommended,316720,33161771,Posted: 2 July,all,Shindigger,"Pretty much everything I have experienced that Key had a part in has been good, this is no exception.If you are not already aware, this is entirely story, there are no gameplay elements. There are visuals and text that you progress through by clicking. It is quite literally a ""visual novel"".This VN is pretty sad. If you are the type to tear up even slightly during sad movies, you will probably cry. If you don't want any part of that, then this isn't for you. But it's not a meaningless sadness, I personally found the story impactful in a meaningful way, but I guess that depends on how open you are to these things. You rarely get these types of stories anywhere as a lot of media is for pure entertainment rather than inspiration, so I definitely recommend this."
76561198073951124,Recommended,316720,13945149,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,❊AC❊ Gril,I nuke Megaton in Fallout. I made pact with demon and slaughter innocent mages in Dragon age. I let the Geth kill the Council and order the genocide of Quarian race in Mass Effect. I laugh while my undead army sack Silvermoon in Warcraft 3. I always play as Nazi when play WW2 game. I enjoy watching the destricton of Stark at Red Wedding yet I cry at least 3 times while reading this.
,Recommended,316720,12077629,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,You,"Any game from KEY is a must have auto purchase.We play so many soulless games, like COD's, and other crap which only rob you of your time and give nothing back.Visual novels (and in this case; Planetarian) are made with care, and after finishing them you stand up from your computer; you feel like you have just learned something new, gained some experience about the world."
76561198022979849,Recommended,316720,12276671,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sgt. Brown,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium?""""The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.""""All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.""These words, coming from a Bargain Model girl robot, still hold true even after 30 years of war, human annihilation and acid rain.Possibly the most meaningful 10 euros I have ever spent in my entire life, Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet teaches you about the other side of a post-apocalyptic scenario, one that no games have ever dwelled upon for long enough.Because yes, behind killing hordes of zombies with your shotgun and pilfering abandoned houses lies a whole myriad of psychological reactions and adaptations that follow long-term disastrous events; for such is how we humans are."
76561198115130371,Recommended,316720,23960279,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jin0uga,"Are you a sadist?Have you ever wanted your heart ripped out of your chest, stomped on, and then lit on fire?Then look no further, because this game is definitely for you.heaven/10 - prepare to die a lot inside."
76561198025505225,Recommended,316720,12894354,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Crow34,cried for 2 hours at the end
,Recommended,316720,12135248,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,☠️ lainverse,I'd like to give here two major warnings:If you don't like games without 'play' part then you may end up reconsidering your opinion on them.Don't forget to bring your handkerchief. You will need it. If you won't - you are probably dead.
76561198003130448,Recommended,316720,12113954,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Obsilord,"Amazing little story. Both heartwarming and sad. Best money I've ever spent on a steam game, and that's saying something, considering how many I have.Edit: They finally adapted this amazing game into a short anime series. Please go watch it and spread the word!"
,Recommended,316720,24462271,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CoolTrigger7,Surprisingly heartwrenching. An excellent dystopian science fiction story with a painfully touching excecution.
,Recommended,316720,24326852,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Forevermuffins,"I found this title when someone mentioned it in a review for OPUS and bought it for the Steam Summer Sale 2016. Soon afterward come to find out it was turned into an anime. In anycase, this is a good VN that has aged well in looks, function, story, and music; and will take around 2-4 hours for you to get through.I'll legit say this made me tear up a little.""...Why don'y you come to the planetarium?"""
,Recommended,316720,27907659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LifeSong-,Try to hold ur tear!
,Recommended,316720,30913010,Posted: 2 April,all,Belkarama,An enjoyable Kinetic Visual Novel that brings a bit of feels.
76561198073488017,Recommended,316720,30914550,Posted: 2 April,all,kittensoft,This was my first Visual Novel! A nice read for a couple afternoons (not really a game...there aren't any choices or actions to take). It was quite bleak though the robot character was very cute. Warning: Lots of sad stuff near the end!
,Recommended,316720,23245751,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,therealsadboyjake,"Very Good VN.  It wasn't too lengthy, but the story was very enjoyable and worth purchasing.    There wasn't any choices, so it is more of a kinetic novel than anything, but it is still great nonetheless.  The art is done well, all characters are voiced, and the music is top tier. Overall I rate 9/10."
,Recommended,316720,21520396,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,I cried streams of manly tearsYou'd probably do the same
76561198022868391,Recommended,316720,25556415,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Hinks32,"This absolutely crushed me. Much like with Clannad, planetarian has left a mark on my soul that will remain forever. What a masterful balance between hope and despair, eclipsed perhaps only by Clannad, which ultimately blesses the audience with what they yearn for. A masterpiece nonetheless."
,Recommended,316720,34607626,Posted: 30 August,all,Nate - csgo hiatus,"Prior to purchasing this game, I have watched a playthrough of it, the 5-episode ONA under the same title, and the film which is based on the main story and the side story ""Hoshi no Hito"".I bought this game (on sale, because I'm broke) just to support Key. I hope you know how good this stuff is.  I'm still glad I stumbled upon this gem months ago.10/10 still listens to Gentle Jena on a daily basis. And I'm not even a weeaboo."
,Recommended,316720,15032684,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Reighnvhasta,"I unintentionally went through this in one sitting, at four in the morning. Felt too 'immersed' in the story, and didn't wanna ruin that feeling, so I just kept going. Before I knew it, it was eight, and I was a complete mess of tears. Absolutely no regrets.If you ask me, this visual (kinetic?) novel is simply amazing, I can't believe I put it off for three months before finally giving it a go. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in somewhat short (took me ~4 hours), feels-inducing stories. =^.^=(I'm really not one for reviews or anything, this is my first one in fact, but I loved this story so much that I figured I'd at least saysomethingabout it)"
,Recommended,316720,12090967,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Yanju,"A timeless masterpiece, perfect in every way it should be.I, for one, want to thanks Sekai Project for for bringing Key's works to the western public with such beautiful and refined translations. It's like a dream come true."
,Recommended,316720,12088579,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Planter,"PLanetarian is a Japanese visual novel by the company Key. Compared to other Key works (which run around 50+ hours at least) Planetarian is a short story and can be completed between 4 and 6 hours. There are no choices to be made here, so just grab a tissue box and enjoy the emotional ride."
,Recommended,316720,12137465,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,RelaxedPen,Fair warning before you open this game:Bring a box of tissues.
76561198010838885,Recommended,316720,13888533,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,mnmike2002,"This is a short Visual Novel with no choices.  Don't think of it as a game; it's a short story, with pictures and music.But what a beautiful, bittersweet, short story it is.  Set in the remnants of a city after bio-warfare has mostly wiped the human race from the planet, the story is about a Junker--someone who sneaks into cities, past automated defenses left over from previous wars--in the hopes of finding food, weapons, or useful materials.  Instead, he finds a robot, a greeter at a planetarium, miraculously still functioning.  What unfolds is a tale about the importance of our hopes and dreams, even in the face of great despair.Planetarian will take about 2-3 hours to read.  If that doesn't seem like it's worth $10 to you, then wait for it to go on sale.  But by all means, read it."
76561198070728241,Recommended,316720,16090980,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Knight Varlis,"I have not cried for 12 years, and that contained two deaths in my family, but I cried to this...don't know what kind of person that makes me. It may not have any choices or other game elements, but it is still worth the money."
76561198110563731,Recommended,316720,31392632,Posted: 27 April,all,4Han4Feed,"The VN is really good. Even with just 2 characters, it can deliver a great story. A mix of happy and sad. The only problem with it is the ending because it's kinda a cliffhanger I guess ?. Regards to anything I said highly recomend reading!."
,Recommended,316720,12080412,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,[PUG] xthorgoldx,"Visual Novels are a strange medium to break into. On one hand, there's the base concept that you're essentially reading a book, just with more visual elements. On the other hand, you've got a great deal of depth provided by branching choices and character investment as a result. Planetarian is a kinetic novel - that is, a visual novel without choices - and it'sthebest introduction one can get to the medium, bar none. The experience is short - maybe four to five hours, depending on your reading speed - but substantial, and the primary drive of the experience, the story, is yet another masterpiece from Key Visual Arts.You play ""The Junker"" and you meet ""The Reverie,"" a girl in a planetarium in the dark, dystopian future. That's the game, that's the story - and yet, for all its simplicity, the beauty the narrative manages to portray and the attachment it builds for the characters in such a short time span is astounding, especially in a gaming scene where it's common for the story to be so shallow that remembering any element of it is a monumental task (remind me, exactlywhatdid I do in the last five Call of Duty installments?).Planetarian is a quick, satisfying story that is an excellent introduction to the Visual Novel medium. Well worth the cost, well worth the time spent."
,Recommended,316720,12080395,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,courty_cupcake,"This visual novel is a fairly quick read, especially considering the games before and after planetarian's position in the Key timeline. It took me about 4.6 hours. This game does Key justice, once again. I would highly recommend this visual novel/game to others because it's an easy read, considerably quick, and it makes you feel something. Regardless of what the feelings may be, it accomplishes what it sets out to do. This visual novel evokes emotions and it's even a little educational, in the aspect of astronomy. Like many other Key productions, the story sticks with you. The story takes you somewhere else during certain parts and the soundtrack is wonderful. I, honestly, have no regrets from buying it and have no negative comments."
76561197970507378,Recommended,316720,12077601,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Moot,"Despite being short a short (4 to 6 hour read for most people) and linear Planetarian is still a good and emotional story. Games like Planetarian are the reason why I came to love visual novels as a medium for story telling.Since the game is short saying anything about the story feels like a spoiler. If you like stories set in an post apocalyptic world, or endearing emotional stories, then this is a story for you.Calling Planetarian a game maybe a bit misleading too, as this is the only visual novel I've played where you don't actually make any choices. Planetarian is a linear story that is backed up by music, voice acting and images, and has a convenient way of saving your progress.If you have never tried a Visual novel before, or don't think much of the ones you have tried before, you should give this game a try. Planetarian is a good example of what a visual novel can be, that's been squeezed into a very small package. Even If it's not your thing, the game is relatively short and not a big time investment.  There is almost nothing to lose, and possibly something to gain, so try it =)PS. If you finish Planetarian and want more, there is a Drama CD you can likely find on Youtube that adds to and continues the story somewhat."
,Recommended,316720,12102060,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,NemuNemu Tanuki-san,Highly recommend for anyone who is interested in playing visual novels.Needed for people who play visual novels. This is seriously one of the best visual novels I've played on Steam.Do yourself a favor and PLAY THIS NOW
,Recommended,316720,30396243,Posted: 8 March,all,hc,"... Why don't you come to the planetarium? The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what. All the stars in the sky are waiting for you."
76561197971861210,Recommended,316720,14330687,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nudelsuppe,"Very very short visual novel. But for a few bucks it was entertaining enough.I found it quite superficial and contrived, cause it tried really hard to give you feels with little character exposure time and development. I've seen similar ideas realised in other work of fiction more thoroughly and less anime-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty. That being said, it still worked on me and got it's message delivered. If you're new into this robots/artificial intelligence-anthropomorphisation scenarios, it'll get you thinking.Quick walktrough:- Read.- Lie down.-Try not to cry.- Cry a lot."
,Recommended,316720,30940117,Posted: 4 April,all,Loler920a,"11/10 will get hit by the feels train again.OH and its best you read it, when it's raining"
,Recommended,316720,12255030,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bit Risky,"A very short (~2 hours), sad VN about a broken world and a hopeful robot.It's so short that I feel like talking about the story at all is almost counterproductive.  I knew almost nothing when first going in, and I'm glad for it.Some people might balk at the price for such a short VN, but this is a laser-focused experience with such impact that I could never even think to complain after having read through it."
76561198013658336,Recommended,316720,25719498,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Hfar,"Every visual novel is like a book, either it's a good read or it's a boring read.  This visual novel starts slow but becomes an extordinarly good read.Planetarian revolves around the three themes of war, trust, and innocence from start to finish.  It starts off feeling kind of hokey, but the story is self aware of that because the main protagonist intialy feels much the same way about the situation he finds himself in.In summary the main protagonist stumbles upon an abandoned planetarium in a war torn ruin.  What he finds there is a robot girl, a greeter for the planetarium, who appears to be blissfuly unaware that it has been thirty years since the world was destroyed in nuclear war.  Her ignorance is exasperating yet her earnestness is oddly endearing and the main protagonist finds himself slowly warming up to her.  And chances are you will too.This visual novel can be a slow read at times, the spacing between letters is atrocious, and the whole story is dripping with setimentality.  And yet if you can get past that you will find that this is a read that will draw you in with some of the best writing I have ever seen in a short story.  The entire read will only take you about 2-3 hours, so I recommend reading it on a free afternoon or a chapter every now and again when you need a break from a hard day."
76561198034372305,Recommended,316720,12702055,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kal,"This novel is pretty much a generic story. But boy, does it do a good job telling it. The writting is great, it incoporates fun, seriousness, sadness, joy, and every other emotion you can think of so well. It's a wonderful story, and I would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,316720,12386209,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ソラ,"This work is pretty heavy; I cried quite a bit from reading it....the saddest part is the realization that there are still humans killing one another over overpopulation, energy issues...  resources, politics, difference in ideology...  Starward progress is even at a halt presently due to conflicting interest between nations.Within the past century, we have had two global wars and even utilized nuclear weapons against fellow humans, killing hundreds of thousands of people. The Cold War and its conclusion are still fresh in the minds of many of us, and it can yet be considered the closest we've come to our own nuclear demise.  I believe that we could very well end up going down the same road and destroying ourselves, our planet and ecosystem, and everything we've achieved up to this point, if humanis allow things to continue as they are."
76561197991179409,Recommended,316720,12077014,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,GenSandman,"I purchased the Japanese version of this visual novel years ago and this is a masterpiece. When I first came across this novel, I thought I wouldn't like it because it was a kineticnovel (player doesn't make choices that impact the story). However, I was proven wrong rather quickly. Planetarian took me about seven hours to finish and I was in tears by the end of the story. I highly recommend this visual novel!P.S. This is a novel from Key who made the visual novels for Kanon, Air, Clannad, and Little Busters. If you watched or read those I highly recommend you give Planetarian a try."
,Recommended,316720,12104819,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Inferno Cup,Japanese S.T.A.L.K.E.R meets Anime robot in the ruins of an old planetarium. Hijinks ensue.
76561198080604772,Recommended,316720,12689338,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,paulthetallguy,You will never be forgotten Yumemi...
,Recommended,316720,12480576,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sense00,;~; ;~;
,Recommended,316720,13679780,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GJB93,"A Short and Enjoyable Kinetic Novel That May Not Be For Everyoneplanetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~was wonderful, touching story that kept me captivated thoughout, and I enjoyed it immensely. It is exactly what I would have expected from a studio as good as Key. However, that doesnotmean thatplanetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~is a title that everyone would enjoy, and as such, makes it a hard game to recommend fully.Firstly, to those who are not aware of the concept ofvisual/kinetic novels, this game ispurely story based, and there arelittle to no real gameplay elementsto be found. You follow the story being told to you from start to finish, and that's really all there is to it.Extending on that, this game is also what is known as a'Kinetic Novel'. This differs from a visual novel in the sense that there areno choicesto be made at any point during the story, and the story followsa single, linear path. As such, the game is anexcellent starting pointfor those looking to delve into the world of visual novels.The story is alsorelatively short. I completed the story in just over 5 hours using auto-read on the default setting. This also adds onto my point of this being a good starting point for people looking to get into this genre, as visual novels can easily take over 50 hours of game time to complete during a first playthrough.I bought this game knowing what I was getting into. I simply wanted to enjoy a good story, and that is exactly what I got. However, if you are expecting to find amazing gameplay and stunning graphics, then this most definitely isNOTthe type of title for you."
,Recommended,316720,12532943,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dragonsniper108,This game when compared to key's other games wasn't that sad......*crys in the corner*
,Recommended,316720,13270561,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sajaki,"First of all, as I am sure most of the other reviews have stated: THIS IS NOT A GAME. Do not buy this if you're expecting something like COD. It is a Kinetic Novel. A story that you progress through as you read.I loved this. It's set in a post-apocalptic city and really nails the atmosphere and mood. The characters are believable and genuine and the story is touching and spellbinding.Just have a box of tissues at the ready."
,Recommended,316720,22869125,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lyonesse,"Planetarian is a beautiful sci-fi post-apocalyptic visual novel about hope in a world filled with despair. It has a great voice action and very melancholic soundtrack, that matches pretty well with the plot.The story features a Junker (a scavenger of abandoned, old cities) who takes shelter in an abandoned planetarium in a city long abandoned by it's previous occupants. He is looking for food, drink and cigarettes while avoiding hostile warmonger robots, patrols, sentries and other Junkers. In the Planetarium, he encounters a sweet and dedicated robot called Hoshino Yumemi who sees the Junker as one of the visitors. Their relationship evolves into a deep and beautiful story of friendship, which makes this Visual Novel one of the best currently available in Steam.I shed tears and you'll probably shed tears as well, be prepared."
76561198200871523,Recommended,316720,25013520,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,starlightinherwake,"I didn't think I'd cry over a game about a robot and her planetarium, but here I am.Key, true to form, has made yet another wonderful visual novel here. And, with the anime adaptation coming out, there's no better time to play this treasure of a game. The abridged version of the plot is, ""Dude meets an upbeat robot girl in an abandoned town and learns about the stars--along with the power of friendship."" It's so much more than that, obviously, but I don't want to get into spoilers! It's the kind of game where you should go in not knowing much.I was pleasantly surprised; long story short, I got it on sale ($3) around March-ish, so I wasn't expecting much when I played it on a whim now. Though, the normal asking price, $9.99, isn't a stretch. It's an incredibly well-made game, and the production value is easily worth that.This visual novel is short, and there's no decisions to make, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The player is taken along for a ride with this loving robot and her world-weary pal, the protagonist, for just the right amount of time. Not too long, not too little.The voice acting, even if there's only 2 main characters, was stellar. You don't see the protagonist at all, nor do you get a name for him besides ""Mr. Customer"", but you get more than enough background through his memories, which do a wonderful job of worldbuilding. We have a lot of ""showing, not telling"", which I really appreciate. On that note, the writing was also charming, especially in the more poignant bits.Plus, the CGs? The music? Lovely.All in all, if you want a touching, moving experience, put aside 4 hours of your day to play this game. You won't regret it."
76561198125719175,Recommended,316720,12435099,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,renatodepaiva,I've never cried so much playing a game as i did in this one. The story and the characters runs in such a depth that it'll keep you ensnared for the whole time. Definetly recommended!
,Recommended,316720,21747931,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Degenerate,I cried. I made my friend play this. He cried.17/10-ign
,Recommended,316720,14008321,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TheWizOfWeeaboo,I laughed. I cried. I would expect nothing less than a masterpiece from Key Visual Arts and they delivered. Some people have studio Ghibli I have Key. I would recomend this to anyone.
,Recommended,316720,14064365,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,homies,"""Why don't you come to the planetrium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.""Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a true masterpiece of storytelling and one of the best visual I have ever had the pleasure of reading. It was develped byVisualArt's/Keywho has won my deepest respect areCLANNAD, AIR, Kanon, and Angel Beats!.Reading Planetarian has taken me a Feel-trip rollercoaster, swirling my emotions and possibly giving me a reason to enjoy the life i have from the depiction of Planetarian's world.""Because the point of the War was no longer the conquets of land;it had become nothing more than the internecine creed of revenge and massacre""The set story and the emotions displayed throughout it, make this a visual novel worth reading. The story depicts Humanity's biggest mistakes. They have shotgunned theirself in the foot, and now the tiny fabrics of what is left only tells us how far we have distroyed ourself. For those who well still alive, apathy and selfishness fills their hearts. Survival seems to be the only real key of extence.Humanity has fallen from grace.It's something we can relate to, like that of the Cold Wars. A scary time where we coud have destoyed ourselfs. The threat was real, and it has been depicted muliple times again of the horrid results of our actions. Planetarian is an example of it.The world in Planetarian is a dark and ugly place. Why would it be that this story touched my heart? The key word is simple:Hope{/b].  Hope that came from a bubblyrobotand apatheic Junker, Yumemi and 'Mr. Cutsomer'""Please do not divide Heaven in two.""""That is my prayer to the God of Robots.""The characters of our story were easy to fall in love with. Hoshino Yumemi, our planetarianRobot, gave of us joy for her undieing love to teach people about the stars. Set in a time where she could not comprehend, Yumemi uplifts the spirit to your character and channels happiness through her bubbly attitude.Your main character, 'Mr. Customer', sets the reality of the story and how humanity has met its tragic fate. He is set in a time with no law or any real social establishment. As a Junker only for means to make ends-meat, Mr. Customer wonders into an uninhabitable city looting for supplies and something worth bartering. His initial scavage into the city seems like a big waste, but finds something worth more valuable to him than any cigarettes or booze could ever be.'Mr. Customer' was nothing more than an apathetic Junker at the beginning, but grows to love and cherish the memories of Yumemi.""Mankind will be able to solve all its problems, and one day reach out to the world of the stars.""Planetarian is nothing but an inspiring story of hopes and dreams of something better for a ravaged world. A world torn to pieces that affect our main character, 'Mr. Customer', but he finds his piece of salvation from our loving Planetarian, Yumemi.If you have never read a visual novel in your life and want to read something dramatically touching, Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is for you. There will be moments of bitter happiness, laughter, and saddness as you read.It's a beautiful story.A story that onlyVisualArt's/Keycould ever write.""All the stars in the sky are waiting for you."""
,Recommended,316720,26510082,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,✠GrєnɑdiєR,"A classic tear-jerker by Key Visual Arts - even better, it's available on steam store.It's a bittersweet story of a man and an android in a post-apocalyptic world, seemingly cliché yet presented in a very orginal and gripping way which this poignant tale did brilliantly for a visual novel now over a decade old.This I would definitely recommend for someone new to Key's visual novels and would like to try one of their shorter stories."
76561198215777260,Recommended,316720,22720146,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Wecher,My heart exploded...
,Recommended,316720,20616807,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,six flags,im crying
,Recommended,316720,27271927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChaosD,"Why don't you come to the Planetarium...?I've rarely played a game that had me captured almost every minute of it. And this isn't even a ""game"" but a visual novel.The great story and even greater soundtrack about a man and an android in a post-apocalyptic world that is told in a little about 4 hours and will have you crying if you're even a little bit into emotions.While the voices are solely in japanese and you have to read a lot if you don't understand a word (I didn't), it's still great voice acting which is supplemented with beautiful thematic imagery.If you're into good stories and aren't afraid to read a lot if you don't understand japanese, this is what you want. You spend more on a 2hr trip to the movies, so the price shouldn't even bother you. If it does, wait for a sale and pick it up then. No excuses!"
,Recommended,316720,14375095,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PPK FS | S>Collector's Geisha,"Art is beautiful. Writing is perfect. Story is...well, tear-jerking, surprisingly.It's a kinetic novel, not a visual novel (no choices), but it's an amazing 3 hour~ experience."
,Recommended,316720,13957219,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Santeri,"A nice little visual novel, rather short like has been said (I didn't finish it yet, but I checked somewhere else and it really is short)Still think it's worth the money, sale or not."
,Recommended,316720,23013168,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Konstrix,"Wonderful story that will undoubtedly pull on the heart strings.Also has a very good soundtrack.Definitely play it if you like well written, emotional storylines with excellent characters."
,Recommended,316720,23405942,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mithos,"A short but beautiful little Visual Novel. ~The story is completely linear and has not many characters, but that makes it very beginner friendly.If you never played a VN, this might be a great start into the genre.Worth mentioning by itself is the charming music of this game."
,Recommended,316720,22925556,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Shegzor,"This is a story about a grumpy, nameless junker and Hoshino Yumemi, a cute little robot that is the most beautiful human being in existance.I admit I was a bit turned off at first due to lack of widescreen and gamepad support, and the linear nature of the story (might as well read a book, no?), but all those grievances quickly faded as I got further into the game.The voice acting is great, the music and art are beautiful in their simplicity and fit great together with the highly emotional story (If you watched Angel Beats, it kinda feels like episode 10). The game is a stark reminder that, for all the good things humanty has achieved in our brief existance, we are now more than ever on the verge of losing it all.PROS:+ Beautiful story+ Nice art+ Fitting music+""A sub-brand of VisualArt's, Key are also famed for creating Kanon, AIR, CLANNAD, Little Busters!, Rewrite, and Angel Beats!""CONS:- Very short- Linear- No widescreen or gamepad support-""A sub-brand of VisualArt's, Key are also famed for creating Kanon, AIR, CLANNAD, Little Busters!, Rewrite, and Angel Beats!""IMO, every world leader should be forced to play this VN before being sworn in."
,Recommended,316720,20466309,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zaphkiel,"It was quite a good read despite being short and as expected from Key it was another tearjerker when you are near the end of the story. This VN tells the story of a human and robot on post apocalyptic (post-war) world, so if you do not want to see the disgusting side of humanity maybe this VN is not your cup of tea because you will be confronted with it a lot even more so near the end . However it is truly a beautiful story and very touching as well with it's two contrasting aspects which are the dark aspect just mentioned about and the beauty of the stars.It might be too short and not worth it's price if you consider size alone but the experience and emotions it proportioned alone were worth it. I'll probably never look at the stars with the same eyes again. Well, if you still think it's too expensive for a 5h game it often go to sale if 70% off so just wait if that is the case but it was worth every cent I spent on it and I will probably never forget this game."
,Recommended,316720,16125043,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,isqueiro,cried like a little girl10/10
76561198015083820,Recommended,316720,13480389,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,R.A. Dalton,A great and emotional sci-fi visual novel experience you owe it to yourself to try. Highly recommended!!!
76561198053554819,Recommended,316720,12078337,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Nox_Alba,"Planetarian isn't exactly a game. It's a visual novel you read, watch, and listen to with zero player interaction, and if you don't mind that sort of thing, then buy this game.Buy this game. Buy this game. Buy this game.The story might not do anything original,  revolving around the relationship and interactions between a human scavenger surviving the post-apocalypse and a robot still thinking everyone hasn't been incinerated by nuclear warfare. Now that's denial on a whole new level. HELLO? The entire planet is in ruins, killer robots are on the loose Terminator style, and acid rain falls every single day. It's not as if these tell-tale signs are easy to miss after 30 years.However, what's there is masterfully executed, delivering its plot with both light-hearted reverie and vivid pathos, a story of finding beauty, no matter how transient, and hope in a broken world seemingly devoid of such things. There might not be much gameplay - in fact, there's no gameplay unless you think clicking to advance the plot counts (in other words, like most JRPGs) - but the strength of the plot and character development for the protagonist left such an emotional impact on me as to make the entire experience worth it. Buy this game. Buy this game. Buy this game."
76561197962477384,Recommended,316720,12090283,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jarv,"Completely linear, literally a visual novel.  But that's alright, as it's pretty fast-paced and well written.Warning:  May crack your facade of stoicism"
,Recommended,316720,12082888,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,h3ad0rZ,"I've received a strange invitation from one of radio frequencies in my Pip-Boy. Following it, led me to an quarantined city. Thinking that it might as well be a good place to find some stimpaks and ammunition, I've arrived at the source of a signal, a long abandoned planetarium, where someone or something was waiting for me...""Do you wish to set marker for this quest as active?"""
,Recommended,316720,12136641,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,[Konno-[Yuuki]-Asuna]™,"I was never a fan of Visual or Kinetic Novels, so I was sceptical at first when I downloaded it after reading the description. As the story went by & from the conversations between the protaganist & Yumemi, I slowly felt drawn to this novel. I, myself, wanted to take Yumemi away from the Planetarium where she would be safe & live with the remaining humans.I thought she would make it out with the protaganist & see the world for herself. I thought I wouldn't feel anything special but I was wrong, dead wrong. When Yumemi stood between the protaganist & the droid, I knew something bad is about to go down. As the story drew to a close, I found myself sobbing...In her honor, I'll change my name & display pic for Hoshino Yumemi, the robot who serves humans with loyalty & wishes for people to visit & see the stars, as well as for heaven to not be divided in two...."
76561198142327767,Recommended,316720,30296083,Posted: 3 March,all,Nii-san,VisualArts/Key /20
,Recommended,316720,22745226,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,roho96,Made me cry...
,Recommended,316720,12107623,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,hinaf4g,"Definetly try it out if you haven't read it already. It's a very good, deeply touching story. It might or might not make you cry but it certainly won't leave you emotionless.I just have to warn that this is ""kinetic"", i.e. completely linear visual novel - you don't decide how the plot unfolds so it's more of an illustrated audiobook then a game proper.And it's also not something you easily forget - just started planetarian and upon seeing this girl with a lovely ""bouquet"" of wires and random items I realized that I just can't take it and closed the application to avoid tears."
76561198047917461,Recommended,316720,12081146,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,twentythreeakira,"Quite a old game, First time I played it should be 9 years before or sometimg, and found it's a no-choice/one-way story. Then,  I bought it in Japan, I bought it in China, and now I bought it again. This is the one of the novels which made me pass level 1 of the Japanese-Language Proficiency Test years ago, this is the one I spend hundreds hours to play (including the CD-Drama), this is the best japanese novel I'd ever read, and it told me there is always something beautiful that you can never save. After reading it, one may consider the question ""What was wrong? """
,Recommended,316720,31509737,Posted: 2 May,all,Cinnamon,A nice and short sweet story (slightly on the tragic side).
76561198079061265,Recommended,316720,21953015,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ashcroft,I wasn't crying...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................i REALLY wasn't cryingBut honestly this this story can easily a hardest heart. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
,Recommended,316720,12169531,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ShinjiKnox,"planetarian is pretty much a must-play for every Visual Novel veterans/newcomers and Key fans alike.Short and masterfully done, it's easy to get wrapped in this little tale about a man and a robot.The good:+ short and easy to read. planetarian and Narcissu are probably the best place to grow accustomed with Visual Novels.+ greatly detailed. Pretty much every scene is filled with details. The game suffers from a shortage of CGs, but your imagination (and the writing) will make up to it.+ nice atmosphere. I don't care much about the war and the state of the current world, but planetarian gives you some nice insight without going astray from the main plot.The bad:- soundtrack feels a bit tiresome after the first hour. Music turns me on, and 07th Expansion novels always did a great job with it. Might say that I was left a bit disappointed with Key's planetarian. Kinect Novels should always be filled with music, and planetarian does feature only a few of them.- feels a bit old. Old is not necessarily bad, but planetarian suffers from this feeling that you are touching a very old Visual Novel. Looks and feels a bit outdated,but not bad. Some scenes and effects are still quite impressive.- lacking in the CG department. Lots of CG potential wasted here. The couple of CGs you get are not bad, though.TL;DR? planetarian is a nice little visual novel. If that's going to be your first VN, you won't be disappointed. If you already read a lot of VNs before, you'll be missing a lot skipping this one.A must-play for veterans and newcomers. The asking price is low enough to be worth the two or three hours of gameplay.Score: 8/10Pardon me for any misspellings and incomprehensible sentences.And before I forget: Yumemi is really cute. Really."
76561198113300023,Recommended,316720,19012760,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,A Typical Weeaboo,"In every Key Visual Novel, there will always be one single soundtrack that stands above all the others, for Planetarian, Gentle Jena is the soundtrack that shines. A solid Visual Novel by Key, Planetarian tells a story of a man and a robot, with the little time they spend together, living in an empty, broken world torn by war.As one will expect from Studio Key, Planetarian is a depressing and emotional Visual Novel, much like their other works such as Clannad, Rewrite and Little Busters! Definitely a good Visual Novel to read."
76561198040976603,Recommended,316720,12970329,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Brainlock,"This was my first visual novel and my overall experience, enjoyment, impression was very positive though there were some minor things that kept it from being perfect.  All in all, I highly recommend.Like many good stories, when this one was over I wished there was much more to it.  (I have kept my description of the story separate below).  The beginning was a bit slow and there were times during the story that it seemed to meander.  And there were some jumps in the story from current time to memory that could have been smoother.  However, if you watch/read this VN push through the parts that seem slow because they give perspective and provide background to frame later parts of the story.  All in all a complete story was built and came together wonderfully right through to its completion.More about the story if you want to know (no spoilers)...This is a tale told through a protagonist that you never see and his interaction with a robot.  The protagonist is a junker that scavenges cities et al to survive.  As the interaction between the junker and the robot progressess you learn why the world is in a dismal, post-apocalyptic state and how the protagonist has experienced it.  His view on the world, built from his experiences, is grim and hopeless.  Yumemi, the robot, has a childlike, hopeful view of things as she has been mostly shielded from the events of the last thirty years.  As the host at a planetarium she waits to show visitors the wonders of the stars - a wonder that has long been forgotten in a world of constant rain and gray skies.  The junker sees Yumemi as a mild annoyance and he expresses his annoyance at times.  Yumemi, however, remains positive and optimistic in her interacton with the junker.  How this chance encounter progresses and what we learn about the world, the people, and the robots, is, to me, the core and beauty of the story.  Oh yeah, and there are some emotional moments if you hadn't already guessed.  I highly recommend."
,Recommended,316720,21783387,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hus,"I bought it when it was on sale, but this game deserve the full price indeed"
76561198121631202,Recommended,316720,12137141,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,irate.researcher,I haven't cried this much on something I've bought since ever.Make sure your tissues are properly stocked and ready before you begin this.
76561198058978274,Recommended,316720,13739050,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TurboTurd,"This visual novel deals with a man in a futuristic post-apocalyptic world, trying to scavage whatever he can from a deserted city. In the deserted city he happens to come across a planetarium and a robot which used to work in it.This was my first visual novel, and I must say I was very impressed and blown away. I would definitely recommend it to anybody, fans of visual novels and newcomers as myself.However, a visual novel may not be for everyone: do not expect to be making decisions, moving in a 2D or 3D environment or a cinematic experience, as you won't find it here. Instead imagine a picture book with music and voices. If you're into capturing story-telling and have the patience to sit through 2-4 hours of on-screen reading, by all means, buy this game."
,Recommended,316720,20595725,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"The story in this visual novel is incredible and the art and voice acting are great.  Please be warned:  the story is incredibly tragic.  I actually cried over the ending; reading the novel was one of the most depressing things I've done in recent memory.  The story deserves all the praise it gets, but you should prepare yourself for a serious emotional roller-coaster."
,Recommended,316720,21951626,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"A short but well crafted Visual Novel, from presentation, to the art, to the music. It fires on all cylinders, tells the story it wants to tell, and does so without overstaying its welcome, without ostentatiousness, without leaving you feeling short.It's a tale about a dying world brought about by our own self destructive tendencies, a man who survives by ekeing out an existence robbing tomb cities guarded by autonomous machines of death, and his encounter with a lone android abandoned in a planetarium, unable to do anything else but what she was created to do, which is simply to show you the stars.Some may balk at the price of admission for such a short tale (My time shown is pretty much how long it'll take for one to finish the story) but I feel it is well worth it given how well crafted all the features are--It is also voiced too. If it truly is an issue, you can wait for a sale, where it'll truly be worth it if you're into visual novels with a post apocalyptic setting.It's a melancholy tale that'll make an impression that sticks with you if nothing else."
,Recommended,316720,21866041,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zra,"""Would you please listen to my prayer...""It's a Key's game, so you know the drill:  prepare your heart and klenex for the beautiful, sorrowful, emotional rollercoaster of a VN that is Planetarian.10/10- would play this in one sitting and shredding manly tears at the end again."
,Recommended,316720,13147362,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arisu Rbit,The best goddamn story I ever read!!!
,Recommended,316720,21267115,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,tarvok,"First off, for people new to the genre, this is a kinetic novel, meaning there are no choices, no paths. It's just text and images and music, and it tells a beautiful and bittersweet story.It follows two characters from the moment they meet. One, a ""junker"", a man who braves autonomous military robot infested ruins in search of valuable relics of an earlier age. The other, a servant robot, tasked with running an old planetarium, who's been faithfully waiting for thirty years for the return of co-workers and customers that no longer exist in this post-apocalyptic world.What's really brilliant is how well the writers conveyed the lonliness of an artificial intelligence that was designed to serve human beings. Her behavior patters clearly indicate a desperate need to interact with people, even as her possible behavior's are limited. Lonliness, even anguish, are portrayed through the juxtaposition of various pre-programmed behaviors. It was as heart-wrencing as it was brilliant.Won over in spite of himself, the junker attempts to repair the projector so she can run another planetarium show. Does he succeed? What happens after? To go any further would be to spoil the story beyond what is reasonable.A word on whether or not the ending is happy or sad, since that seems to matter to some people.It is not happy. It is bittersweet, at best. It is very sad. If you don't like sad endings, you might be disappointed. Then again... you might not. The game doesn't cost much, so give it a try."
76561198053348452,Recommended,316720,12214094,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hruodland,"It's really exciting to actually see some high-profile visual novels coming to Steam, especially works by Visual Art's/KEY. Planetarian is not the longest vn by any stretch of the imagination - it took me about 2 hours to read through it - but it is nevertheless an excellent story. This game is a must-play title for anyone who is a fan of vns, and I would also highly recommend CLANNAD when that becomes available as well."
,Recommended,316720,12210194,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tutty The Fruity,"This was the first Key visual novel that I read. It does not disappoint. Remember that it is a static visual novel (as in, there is no gameplay or decision-making, and you read the story).It's longer than most VNs on Steam at a comparable price (I got 5 hours out of it), is fully voice-acted, and I've no major gripes about production values. There could stand to be more variety in music used but it never fails to set the mood accordingly. Art assets, especially regarding CGs, are impressive, and the ambience of sounds is stellar.The writing and characterization are the real focus for interested buyers and that's where it's strongest. Yumemi and the Junker play off each other well and makes for some comic relief in an overall dark setting. Great effort was made into world building through the eyes of the jaded Junker.The story impacted me greatly; the events that occur hit very close to home, and is all the most emotionally distressing not because of what happens, but what it represents, and what it means. I do not wish to elaborate on that any further without risking spoilers, so I will end on the note that this is a worthwhile VN absolutely worth your time and money. Key makes good stuff and it's worth supporting.Highest recommendations; it's the best static visual novel on Steam right now, and I recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,316720,24504841,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Punnerz qq,Very touching and thought provoking visual novel. Beautiful soundtrack and voice acting.If you have any interest in VN's give it a try.
,Recommended,316720,12996045,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ijsvrij,"While the kinetic novel (let's not call it a game because it really isn't) was originally published in 2004, the moral of the story still applies now.Don't take anything for granted."
,Recommended,316720,27007683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YoukaiZone,A short bittersweet kinetic novel from Key. Also recently got an ONA adaptation from David Production.
,Recommended,316720,13919839,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nekrosias,No one ever spends this much time trying to make you happy unless they are trying to sell you something...which this robot is.
76561198004922449,Recommended,316720,13902593,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Maga,Cried like little girl at the end ;-(Good and sad short novel 9/10 from me
,Recommended,316720,14768845,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AssassinGlasgow,"I began reading because I liked the premise and world building, and because I like Daisuke Ono as a voice actor and it was a Key visual novel with some nice art. About halfway through I grew to kind of dislike Yumemi (the girl you see in the art here) because she did not stop talking and because it felt like things dragged on. I almost stopped.I came out of this on the verge of tears and a ton of feels and liked everybody. Even Yumemi.If that doesn't give you a good idea of how this is, then I don't know what to tell you."
,Recommended,316720,13097225,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This game is good. I admit, it got me choked up a bit towards the end. I will not spoiler it for you however it is a bit lengthy. You can customize the text and screen. The only issue here is that it feels short but the storyline plays an interesitng role that makes me feel like it's one of those it's gonna hit or miss you eventually. So I recommend this as a rating out of 9/10. If you like narcissu you'll like this. Plus it's a classic one, I have to admit, it got me."
,Recommended,316720,19862917,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Junior,How to know if you have blood bomb instead a heart inside your chest in two steps:1. Finish this game2. Don't cry
76561197969148485,Recommended,316720,13583763,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dragon,"What this visual short story lacks in length, it makes up for in imagery and impact.  I haven't read anything that has affected me so deeply in a very long time."
76561198108201057,Recommended,316720,13975987,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,IncestisWincest,"This game is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.You easily grow attached to Yumemi, the sweet, cheerful robot girl who you find at the planetarium.If you have bought this game, be prepared with some tissues. The ending really gets to you. Also lookout for ninjas cutting onions, they'll stop after your eyes stop sweatingPros:Great voice actingNice charactersCons:Music sometimes gets repetitiveThose damn ninjas cutting onions, remind me to kill themIt's a Key game, stop reading this bloody review and get the game already!"
,Recommended,316720,13177094,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Your Lesbian Girlfriend (Male),"I first played this a few years ago as my first VN, and I loved it. I bought it the day it came out on steam, played it again, and it was every bit as good as I remembered it being. No doubt I'll replay it again sometime soon. There may be only two characters interacting in limited settings, but it tells a fantastic story that only takes 3-4 Hours to read. This VN accomplishes more in those three hours more than most could in thirty. There's really nothing I can complain about regarding Planetarian.There's a reason that, as of now, there's only one negative review out of 225. This game may be short, but it's certainly worth your time, and at only 10$, it's not exactly expensive either. I'd say it's a must-buy for anyone who likes VNs, and even if you've never played a VN, I'd recommend this."
76561198048268849,Recommended,316720,13713666,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,makersley,"A superior and affecting pure story.  I'm not sure whether it's actually a ""game"", but it's definitely an experience worth having.  Open your heart and you'll be rewarded."
,Recommended,316720,13976265,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sexydaniboy,"A fantastic story of a jaded man discovering hope through the eyes of unexpected innocence. If you've read all the other reviews I shouldn't need to tell you you oughta experience this for yourself, or that any Key story that officially makes its way to the west is well worth your time.Now stop wasting time, person who hasn't read this. You disgust me. If you don't buy this visual novel in this instant we can't be friends anymore."
,Recommended,316720,14147357,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,paddock,"Short, but fantastic story.Keep in mind that this is a kinetic novel, not a visual novel, so there are no choices to be made, just witnessing the story.9/10, only cried 5 timesWorth the money."
,Recommended,316720,14375005,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tsokol8,"Very nice novel story. I would recommend for those who loved a little bit of drama and action. I also loved that it has 2 language option, english and japanese.The presentation could've used more illustrations though."
76561198068312421,Recommended,316720,19692300,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MfP,"''Why don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.''planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is the first (and probably the last) Visual Novel that made me shed a tear. Key...thank you. Thank you so much for making this gem.10/10"
,Recommended,316720,19835502,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LostConcept,Beautiful short story that is worth a read and listen! Music accompanies the story as well and it makes every moment in the story more powerful.
76561198137926359,Recommended,316720,20365315,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Endbeats,"Last time I cried this hard was on Angel Beats... and before that, Air... and before that, Kanon... and before that... Clannad.Curse you, Key Studios."
,Recommended,316720,22784461,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nicholaslimck,"When just the music is enough to summon tears, I can't reccomend a work of art like planetarian more. It may be short, but just sit back, have some tissues nearby and set the game on auto."
76561198018111332,Recommended,316720,13484643,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,♑ Shionですか？ ᶘ ᵒᴥᵒᶅ ♑,"So... I don't normally write reviews... But I feel that this one deserves one..So.. First off.. This game is a Kinetic Novel.A kinetic novel is a VN that does not present the ""player"" with any choices at all; they simply read through a single unbranching story. (Credits toVNDB.org)Which means.. You don't get to make a choice in this game. So there's only one ending. And this game is really really short. I finished it in about... 70minutes.. So, if your willing to buy the game despite it being very short, then continue to read this review for its pros and cons~Pros- This game has great OST inside, and can get you emotional at a point of the game.- Great art- Great Character development ( Main Protagonist gets a change of heart , robot girl that warms your heart )Cons- The game is short (About longest 2hrs and your done with the game.)Buying this game is probably more for supporting the publishers. If you want to support the game, then buy it."
,Recommended,316720,13545585,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,yazhu,Cannot see planetariums the same way again
76561198184181069,Recommended,316720,30444087,Posted: 11 March,all,lindsaylbb,"For me ten years ago crying my heart out on the train with the texts on cellphone.Great, touching story for a soft heart."
,Recommended,316720,21930216,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zanster,Tears has been shed... Oh god the music + dialogue hit me so hard at the ending.10/10 Will see the starry skies again
,Recommended,316720,13790530,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,slashgear29,"If everyone on earth play this game, world peace won't just be a dream."
,Recommended,316720,25065610,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DeRockProject (jongyon7192p),"Look, if you're not a VN kinda guy (I know a lot of you aren't), then watch the 5 episode anime. It's such a good adaptation. Watch it, and after you're okay, buy this VN.Oh god I'm dying."
,Recommended,316720,20839075,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,physicsmongoose,The Planetarian is a good book.
,Recommended,316720,28481031,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FallenAngel,"Planetarian tells a beautiful story about loss and nostalgia. It is a very sad story of mans relationship with machines. The story can get really depressing, at least for me it brought me to tears. One thing to keep in mind is that this is a kinetic novel meaning it doesn’t give you any choices to make, you are just along for the ride. But what a depressing ride that is!"
76561198007850719,Recommended,316720,31731813,Posted: 13 May,all,jim866,A short but very well produced kinetic novel set in a post-apocalyptic world about a chance encounter between a scavenger and a relic of the past.+Very good storyclean graphics and sound-not much apart from being a little on the short sideWould be a very good entry point for people wanting to get into VN's or that have a few hours to kill. Well worth the cash
,Recommended,316720,23410345,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CB007,"A sweet, sad kintetic novel about a strange encounter set during essentially the end of the world. It's strange how some stories really resonate with you and some don't. I did feel some sadness during this novel but at the same time, it didn't quite work for me either. Yumemi is more than just a machine, but the way she's written, I didn't reach the point where it felt she was truly alive, either. It could even be something that didn't quite come through in the translation but that was just my overall sense of it. The story is about 4 hours long, give or take a little bit depending on your reading speed. I happened to leave it running by mistake. This is not a story to make you feel any great happiness at any point so if you have an aversion to melancholy stories you might want to stay away. Otherwise, it's definitely still worth reading if you like visual novels. PS- Make sure you right click and change the font from the default if you are seeing overlapping letters."
76561198069159152,Recommended,316720,34317957,Posted: 17 August,all,wrb41977,"This is... a powerful visual novel. Apparently, a classic, it deals with the arrogance of man in a... different way. It is full of ""feels"" and will cause you great sadness... if you have any slice of a heart.The folly of man has never felt so sad..."
,Recommended,316720,23374263,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,thunderspleen,Nothing in the vein of choices nor does it have more then one ending. However the story give such an emotional suckerpunch that i can honeslty say that its very much worth it to check out. I cant say full price is really worth it but if you ever catch it on sale the story alone is worth it.Its got some cool art too so its also got that going for it.
,Recommended,316720,23330741,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Tindre,"Oh I didn\'t write a review for this? hm. It must have been because I couldn\'t write because I was crying a lot after I finished it. (and I don\'t cry easily from media anymore)It\'s a beautiful story, slow moving, which lets you really feel connected to the scenario and characters.It\'s a kinetic novel which means there are no split endings or collecting to do, it is all one story, which I read finished in about 5 hours.I really recommend it!It\'s pretty cheap and made by Key so you know it\'s going to be good. :PAnd there is an anime coming now too, so it is exciting to see the adaption of this visual novel, I hope it\'s well made!"
,Recommended,316720,34716958,Posted: 3 September,all,atommo,"This is one of those fairly short, bittersweet games. It has a rather heavy story. There are no choices to make; you just enjoy reading the story.Only takes ~5 hours to complete. I really liked some of the music; it feels a bit nostalgic somehow. As others have said, I'd recommend getting it while its on sale.This isn't exactly a 'happy' story. You have been warned. T_T"
,Recommended,316720,35468027,Posted: 4 October,all,МиГ-35,really good...as expect from the clannad and angel beats creator
,Recommended,316720,19747471,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Combo,Like if u cry evrytiem: The Game(It's actually really sad though)
,Recommended,316720,28025325,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sovasin,tearsthey wotn stop
,Recommended,316720,16350900,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cahhson,"Oh god, the tears.Going into this VN with the knowledge it was from the same creators of Clannad and Angel Beats! had me expecting a top-tier feels trip.This VN did not dissapoint. The voice acting, art, and all was great, no issues for me. The story however, had me crying for the last 30 minutes of the three and-a-half hours I played it. Definetley Clannad and Angel Beats! tier feels.TL;DR, buy it, play it, cry from it."
,Recommended,316720,12082998,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Yoshi,"I remember playing this around 10 years ago, so it's really great now that Key and Sekai Project are able to release this internationally.Key somehow always has a way of making you really feel for the characters; planetarian, even with its short and simple story, is no different.I would highly recommend it to anyone. It won't take too much of your time, but I believe you're going to enjoy it.Also, if you enjoyed the setting of planetarian, Key has released a drama CD containing sides stories, which include a prologue and an epilogue for planetarian as well. I also recommend looking out for those, Hopefully Sekai Project finds a way to release those on Steam too."
,Recommended,316720,17923304,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,MIN,"A decent VN by Key that tells you the story of post-apocalypse world where humanity destroy themselves with their technology and what happens inside a planetarium between a robot and a scavenger guy. In this game, the story was divided into 2 parts : inside the planetarium and outside.The inside was the introduction part where the narator explained the condition of the world, how he got winded there and how he was baffled to meet the robot-girl. But somehow after that, this part is quite boring and dull. The outside part was more interesting part for me personally and I quite enjoyed it throughout until the ending. (although the ending was 'hanging'). After finishing the game, I looked up the audio CDs that were put up in youtube though so I already watched the full ending, which I recommend you to do it also.So for the conclusion, I do recommend this game for you people who enjoyed 'science fiction' type stories albeit it has some flaws. The game is still very enjoyable and the 'missing part' of the games can be searched using google. My rating : 7/10"
,Recommended,316720,22802958,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,zio,The feels are strong with this one.
,Recommended,316720,24771749,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Minagawa-san,"It was raining inside the gameOutside the game, the rain drops tooI'm inside my room, but i can feel the waterI wonder why....."
,Recommended,316720,27560190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kahlrim,Do robots dream of electric tears?
76561197970512956,Recommended,316720,13977314,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,durrem,"Beautiful story.  Bring tissues (for crying, you bads)."
,Recommended,316720,14591293,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GrAmPa,"Really touching kinetic visual novel from ""Key"" the creators of Clannad, Kanon, Air, and Angel beats, among others. If you have seen any of these anime it comes as no surprise to you that this one is also a rollercoaster of emotions. It's extremely moving and engaging. There are also audio dramas that you can find online that follow up and give the story much more depth. Although it is not necessary to thoroughly enjoy this novel, I highly recommend doing so. This is one I will never forget."
,Recommended,316720,14630711,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Marksinator,"This game is amazing, with an interesting Story, amazing Music and Voice acting too.I'm not gonna lie, this game is Heartbreaking, so if you feel up to that, go right ahead and buy this amazing game.""Please do not divide Heaven in two.."""
,Recommended,316720,27006987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,manziu,10/10 will regret playing this game.
,Recommended,316720,12839276,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,excel3789,Super good. Short but still delivers the sort of emotional impact you expect from a Key novel.
,Recommended,316720,12124807,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Skelig,;_________;
,Recommended,316720,13635237,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Heavenstamp,"""When the PSP version was re-released as a fundraising event for the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, 16,663 units were pre-ordered by the day of its release on May 12, 2011. From these sales, Prototype and VisualArt's donated 22,415,069 yen""How amazing this short VN is?"
,Recommended,316720,14438868,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Reverie,"An excellent visual novel which can be enjoyed by almost anyone. It tells a wonderful story which is sure to affect the hearts and minds of those who read it. While it is shorter than other, more well known VNs, I would personally recommend it to everyone and especially to those who have not yet explored what the genre has to offer. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,316720,13839604,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SupaPhly,;_;
,Recommended,316720,17241224,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Iclucian Dance,"I will put a positive review because it is a pretty solid feels-juicing VN and I can see why people recommend it, but I should point out that it hasn't aged too well.If you're familiar with Key and their formula, you can skip this one because it just follows the same formula."
,Recommended,316720,13339484,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Moonstone,The story of a STALKER and his robo waifu.One of key's lesser known titles but also one of the best. A must buy for those getting VNs on steam.
,Recommended,316720,17241324,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[McD] James,"Planetarian is a profoundly beautiful and melancholic visual novel about a malfunctioning android. It  excels as both an immaculate work of science fiction, as well as a deeply affecting character drama."
,Recommended,316720,25351771,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,"[DT] Hello, MOM","This is a visual novel by the japanese studio Key, which is famous for theirheartbreakingvisual novels.It does not offer any choices, it's short (it took me about 4 hours to finish it), and it's good.Soundtrack contains 8 small masterpieces. Voice acting is even better.My only regret is that there is no HD version.Absolutely recommended for anyone, who is in love with the stars and visual novels.That story will stick with you for a long time."
76561198051928841,Recommended,316720,20316695,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,xSRGDarknessx,"Why does Key insist on making everyone cry all the time?!  The worst part is knowing what you're getting yourself into, but going on anyway!Play this game.  Just don't do it in public unless you want everyone to know what a baby you are by the end of it!  (And yes, you WILL cry like a baby!!)"
,Recommended,316720,12090347,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Shammy,stars
,Recommended,316720,22810386,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,pemoeda.co.id - Midas Bois,I buy during the sales prior the good review. Really good story
76561198077531063,Recommended,316720,25373422,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Chou Wai,"This is a good novel game for those who never play novel game because this game takes about 3~5 hours to finish. If you enjoy BGM, story, Japanese actors voice I believe you will enjoy this. I personally prefer to play in Japaese because I feel Japanese language makes me feel more touches (most likely it is personal preference). This game is very touch! Hope you guys enjoy. (The BGM 'Gentle Jena' is the best in the game and I purchased the soundtrack because of this BGM!)"
,Recommended,316720,23177112,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lysogi,Amazing and short VN! 10/10
,Recommended,316720,19544452,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,"A friend of mine recommended this game to me, so when it was on sale I bought it. The story is really good and I have a feeling that the smile of the girl in the game can melt an iceberg. You can almost feel the warmth of it.I also find that ""Mr. Customer"" really cute.Not to mention that when I was a child I loved reading about the stars and the Cosmos. If you like the stars and visual novels you should definitely buy this."
76561198082712638,Recommended,316720,14928016,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Heartbrk_1,The most dramatic hour of my life.
,Recommended,316720,15656616,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TehGoat,"Got this in a sale months ago for next to nothing. It's quite short, but worth the current price.I cried... at least twice. I especially wept like a baby at the end.Serious ""feels"" warning."
,Recommended,316720,14803479,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Northern Ocean Hime,"I've always wondered if a robot could survive three decades without a clue to want happened to her (its?) surroundings. Who knew it'd be one heartbreaking tearjerker? ""Would you like to visit the planetarium?"" Those lines will forever haunt me. 10/10"
76561198050152695,Recommended,316720,14940469,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Patchwork Heaven,Beautiful story with great translation. I had purchased this on a whim without realizing how satisfied I would be with my purchase. Highly recommend to anyone into visual novels/anime fans or for those just looking for a great story.
,Recommended,316720,13346605,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mumble Jumble,I've learned more about the stars in 2.5 hours than in my whole life.10/10 Will come to the planetarium again.
76561198060240176,Recommended,316720,12075168,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ROGamingRyan,We do first impressions of games on steam and thought Planetarian would be fun to look at!  So we jump into the first couple minutes to show what the novel looked like and our impressions of it!  So hope you enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSSQRBWiAXc&list=UUlgcOD8bFbPO5kcE-OZKCwQ
,Recommended,316720,12078609,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,yanqui,no buy? kill urself ffaguse Sazanami Gothic as your fonthttp://cooltext.com/Download-Font-%E3%81%95%E3%81%96%E3%81%AA%E3%81%BF%E3%82%B4%E3%82%B7%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF+Sazanami+Gothic
,Recommended,316720,12131564,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Nεƒдﮎ,KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY KEY
,Recommended,316720,24235741,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,nanoKicko0,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.""Simply, a better VN cannot exist. An absolute must for any human-kind that has a steam account."
,Recommended,316720,24104532,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Farobi「エステ」,"I recommend this game CONDITIONALLY. I have never completed a Visual Novel game before so maybe this is genre is not my type, but having said that, I did find the story enjoyable.Pros:- Soundtrack is pretty nice. VAs were great too.- Plot was hard to follow at first, but after understanding a bit more of the plot, the story was pretty nicely written. Great world building.- EndingCons:- I hated the formatting of the English letters. There were times here I can't tell if a word is connected to another or vice versa. It's really distracting.- Somepart in the middle was kinda boring imo.Overall I'd recommend this if you're already familiar with the VN genre. But I'm relatively new to this and I should say that I wasn't very sold especially with the price + play time in consideration. Still if you happen to find this game interesting and on sale, then it's a great little VN that may be worth your time."
,Recommended,316720,24593506,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"i never would imagine i cry in this gamepros:the story is so touching that really reflects us humans and our faultit's definitely made me cry crocodile tearseasy archivementcons:the game run in crt monitor screen while if you own an 1080-4k monitor you seen black bar all over the sidegame was too short,it left with the fate of mr customer.(clift hanger ending)yumemi die protecting mr customer.much like a dollar game but who cares.10/10 would buy any key product again"
76561198042210361,Recommended,316720,34650849,Posted: 31 August,all,Capitan Facho,"Even if it is a little short, it's the best VN that I have seen"
,Recommended,316720,24028186,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Snail,Really good short VN. Definitely worth playing.
76561198116803092,Recommended,316720,34600085,Posted: 30 August,all,Trap Lover ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Watch out for those ONION NINJAS!!Damn, cutting them onions near my eyes (sniff).I rate this 10/10 BTW."
76561198146702280,Recommended,316720,32842447,Posted: 26 June,all,Chiyo,"The stars shines brightly since Heaven is not divided by two. However, I cannot see the stars today for that Earth cried with joy that this Visual Novel is made. Thank you very much, I enjoyed the novel from the very bottom of my heart."
76561198297021567,Recommended,316720,33564818,Posted: 15 July,all,The Raven,Awsome Visual Novel!!!Definitely should pick it up while it is on sale and to read it all at once!!!Totally Worth It!!!
76561198082313163,Recommended,316720,12097110,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Spear of Adun,Longest planetarium ad I've ever watched.I punch holes in my lampshade and cry myself to sleep every night.10/10
,Recommended,316720,17667565,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Barmherziger Feind Madu,"Really good story, nice soundtrack (dop doop, dop doop, dop doop, dop doop~), absolute recommend for everyone who likes VNs(also Yumemi's cute af)"
76561197984979853,Recommended,316720,23565678,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,poptartsrgood,"Finally a game that's made for Alphas and not any of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like CoD (Kaw'd) or Modern Black Ops ""hurrdurr"" WarField 3 shoot teh darkies."
,Recommended,316720,16719227,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,КØИ 💯,"+The VN is story rich with an apocolyptic setting+The main characters were unique+character personalities were strongespecially Hoshino ;-;and their dialogue was smooth+The OST's are nice always love pianos and mewzikk boxes c;+Has a theme of perseverance with the background of a broken world with forces that would only want to break you too (sounds cliche' but its development is thought out well and has a  nice pacing doesn't feel too rushed or too slow)- (not really)Made me want more ;-;All in all its a great Visual Novel, but don't expect to have choices to choose from.If you're uncertain you should get it on sale at least :P."
76561198047980313,Recommended,316720,16815522,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Marshmallow-kun,"Manly tears were shed. Beautiful story. 10/10 one of the best VN´s out there. WARNING: if you are prone to crying, you will cry while playing this."
,Recommended,316720,16895784,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Phya,"Cried my eyes out, highly reccomended.A beautiful VN by the company who teared your heart out with Clannad.If you are going to buy any VN on steam, make it this one."
76561198120288010,Recommended,316720,14061911,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ÆRO,"In a barren wastland years ahead, lies one spark of humanity's pastime. Abandoned, but not forgotten; that pastime is reawakened.""I felt a cold emptiness at first, then a soothing warmth overcame me. Although that was to be shortlived, I felt a sorrowful burning in my heart.""9\10"
,Recommended,316720,18967495,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,"please play this if you need a good cry.also, support them. they're bringing CLANNAD to steam.cry/10"
,Recommended,316720,16698373,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Midnight [Haise],Do you want to cry buckets in the corner?This game is how you cry buckets in the corner.*cries buckets in corner*
,Recommended,316720,16751448,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,サイバーオオカミ,"Maybe I am a little girl... but damn, the way this ended pulled on my heart stings. It was a very enjoyable experance for me. I really liked that it also has voice acting, in Japanese, that really added to the feelz that it gave me. I'd recomend this to anyone who enjoyes this type of game. Keep in mind, this is not Sakura Spirt, so it does not have♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it."
76561198032486511,Recommended,316720,16802997,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Rain_Storm,About 3 hours of reading/listening. I found the story entertaining and sadly beautiful at the same time.
76561198069494165,Recommended,316720,16808321,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kaft,"Classic VisualArt's/Key.Eroge or not, you still end up needing tissues.OST is amazing, ""Gentle Jena"" being my favourite.Start of the VN was pretty boring but I found myself sinking inside the novel within first 10 minutes.10/10 would not skype video-call after this."
,Recommended,316720,16904049,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,saberscout,"Being a big visual novel junkie for a while now, I was really excited to try one of Key's lesser known titles when I started using Steam more!All in all I really enjoyed it. The personalities of the main characters were really realistic, I felt, given the environment they both were in - the moebot being particularly moe but still very much robot is really precious. The music gave off nostalgic feelings which was a common theme throughout the novel. It starts off fairly slow, but by the end I was hooked.And after I've finished it... I-I'm not crying, I promise.... ;_;"
76561198008195858,Recommended,316720,16970979,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,"Shark-senpai, 100% Anime Trash","Oh my yes, do I recommend this. As it's a visual novel with no choices whatsoever, there's not much I can write about the game itself other than this:It's about a hopelessly optimistic robot in an apocalyptic world where there is no hope left, and I must say I really enjoyed it. It starts off kinda slow, but by the end it had me crying like few other things in life had. Keep some tissues nearby."
,Recommended,316720,16972422,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,What Koushien is This,"I'm usually not one for saccharine stuff, but planetarian, in all its basic presentation, managed to move me. There isn't much to it, but what is there is well-executed and you deserve to play it. Wait for a sale if you need to.I look forward to future Key releases."
76561198159741679,Recommended,316720,16998971,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Daijo,It is you would expect from a story by VisualArts/Key. They know how to play your emotions and thats what I myself have enjoyed about this Visual Novel. Also the soundtrack behind it helps set the mood and fits perfectly with the atmosphere of the world its set in.All in all I would recomend it to any and all from exerianed VN players to beginners like me because this is my first VN and as you can read above it enjoyed the exeriance.10/10
,Recommended,316720,12120543,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Tora,"Buy it during sale. Too short for full price, but good. 3 hours at most if you will listen through all dialogues."
76561198148120781,Recommended,316720,15996955,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MovingGamer,Yet another positive review for the statistics.
,Recommended,316720,20519957,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Tommy Jr,A good story.. One that is very sad and emotional.
,Recommended,316720,13132347,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Yuki-iSM,"Planetarian - Requiem of a planet. I still remember playing planetarian many years ago when it was fan translated and thinking it was going to be a boring kinetic novel by Key (they worked previously on Kanon and Air) with little investment in the characters and plot but oh, boy.. was I remorsefully mistaken;  Yumemi got under my skin. How and when? I don't know. Before I knew it, that droning android became the cornerstone of my escape to a haven in a post-apocalyptic city filled with hopelessness.The end result:Psychological devastation, I felt debilitated for days. Planetarian, in a way, helped changed my outlook on life with the acceptance of transient. (Fun fact: Impermanence is one of the fundamentals of Buddhism.)Hence, I have a fond memory of planetarian ～ちいさなほしのゆめ～.tl;dr2/10 would not b.. 10/10, would ruin life again. lol /sSide note: If you do pick this up, I would recommend using @MS Gothic for the font style in-game."
76561198058040823,Recommended,316720,16655988,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,heroicbombadil,I was going to review this game but there's something in my eye getting it all watery. *blows nose* Allergies or something.
,Recommended,316720,12130532,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Alether,story is too predictable tho
,Recommended,316720,33530947,Posted: 14 July,all,レギュレーター,Tugged my heartstrings. Probably the best story I've played.
76561198305425758,Recommended,316720,24967500,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mueller.james99,"I thouroughly enjoyed this little story.  The pacing was a bit slow around the middle, but I think that the concise story-line and details pertaining to ""Mr Customers"" backstory (and of course the post-apocolyptic setting) more than made up for it.  The character dynamic and interaction was a bit stifled and repeditive at times (though that was part of Yumemis character) but its what makes their dialouge all the more touching as the story progresses.  ""Mr Customers"" inner monolouge, while providing all necessary information, was lengthy at times, and I get the feeling the writers used it to stretch the story out longer than it needed to be.They kept the story and characters simple, and didn't try to make any points about society or humanity, which I particularly appreciated.  This one's a tear jerker to be sure.  Overall, I really liked Planetarian, and if you are interested, it has been made into an anime available on Funimation (although the backstorys are cut out).For all it's good points, there was one thing that all but ruined it for me.  They chose to include a tune that while most likely unknown to people outside of the USA, is very much known within it, and is strictly associated with a particularly nasty religion, as it is a church hymn.  The fact that they used it at some of the most emotional moments ruined the mood entirely.  I was very dissappointed by this, and wish they had done more research.  Oh well.  I still recommend it."
,Recommended,316720,33361911,Posted: 7 July,all,SimplisticLandscapes,"To be honest, I love Visual Arts/Key and I decided to buy this visual novel because I also loved the anime ""Planetarian"". Unfortunately, I sometimes find this game kind of boring, but that's just because I'm a quick paced kinda guy, but that's all part of the experience, and I don't think that aspect is bad of the visual novel. This is as I believe visual novels are made to be enjoyed, and savored through large chunks of your available time. If you have not watched the anime and had just found this visual novel through your Steam queue, I highly suggest you start by watching the anime on a LEGAL site, such as Crunchyroll or Funimation. If you enjoyed the anime, I hope you feel the same way I did, and decide to buy the visual novel. Because both this anime, and Clannad, which is also by Visual Arts/Key are masterpieces. My rating for this visual novel is 9.6/10.Edit: I just finished this visual novel, and man, did it live up to my expectiations. I give this a rating of 10/10 for making me cry. I'm so sad right now. Damn Visual Arts/Key for making this series. I feel like a baby right now. D: Waahhh!!"
,Recommended,316720,20569601,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Suntop Kinseeker,"This is a KEY (Visual Arts) game and they are not what you'd exepct for a typical Japanese VN. If you know anything about KEY, you know what I am talking about.(Anime Angel Beats, Kanon, CLANNAD, AIR all have the same feel and end very very sad as this game does)I tried and tried and I cannot find any other end... :/ so I will just warn you. Box of Kleenix. (No not for that you perv).Good luck and best get this game on sale.(Review not finished yet will update soon)"
,Recommended,316720,24822041,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rockon Stratos,"I cri everytiem. 11/10.  Alter, Vertex, Koto, etc ...... Yumemi figure when!?!?!?"
76561198139070638,Recommended,316720,24644628,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Galactic Vendor,"Beautiful robot, graphics, story, and fantastic music."
76561198048488627,Recommended,316720,14137770,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dracina Dragonfire,"This is a beautiful and tragic story. You will cry. No really, I don't care if you're a hardened badass, if you honestly sit down and invest yourself in this story you will cry.This is my first time ever experiencing a kenetic novel and only the second visual novel. This is a much more powerful format then I originally thought and I'm sad that I haven't been looking at them more seriously until now.Since theres already a lot of reviews helpful to those who are familier with the format and those explaining the story, I'm going to be talking to people who don't 'do' visual novel games. I was very skeptical of the format. I didn't see anything about them other then the taste-less demodisks sometimes toted around large conventions. You know the type I'm talking about. Please, give this style of game a chance. Between this game and Hatoful Boyfriend, I was shown this style in the light it was truly ment to be in.This game isn't quite a book but it's not a game in the traditional sense. It's a game in the same way Dear Ester is a game. It's not about choices, theres no puzzles or combat. It's an experience, it's a story, and it's brillient at delivering that story. There is text to read, like a traditional novel, but the music helps set the tone like a movie would and the visuals help to really feel connected to the characters, both the one you 'play' as and Yumemi, the robot girl you meet.Like I said before, the game has an overall sad tone. If that's a problem for you, for whatever reason, I would understand you skipping this title. If you think you'll be okay though, PLEASE, do yourself a favor. Buy this game. Sit back and enjoy it. The whole thing in one sitting might take... oh 4 hours or so. If you can't do it all in one sitting theres a save function.Just... just give it a try.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you."
,Recommended,316720,22035889,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,AnimePandaBird,"Planetarian is a beautiful, emotional and intresting visual novel. It's a bit short (about 3 hours if you read really quick) and has no choices but I still would recommend it to visual novel readers.Warning - The story is very bittersweet but thats what makes it so good. Made me break down crying for a while a few times though the story."
,Recommended,316720,18007225,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lollipop Shotgun,"Rewriting this because I think some things need cleared up a bit for people not familiar with this sort of story...Key's storys have a tendency to give you excruciating detail into characters and backgrounds.(more below)Nothing negative to say about this game for my own part. It was one of the rare gems I've seen in recent years and is a strong pull of Quality over Quantity (as per hours of play). I never would have heard about this had it not been for the Steam sale, but it would be well worth even the full price at $9.99 (if you can justify going to a movie theatre, this game is worth at least as much).Important things to note:~This ""game"" is basically a short book. No choices, to make beside whether to click ahead or listen through a scene.~There is a lot of detailed description. Some people might find it to be too much, but given that the entirety of the story takes place in less than a week's time for the character, it is necessary. By the end of it you should have a good grasp on the world, the main characters as well as the world's history that brought it to the present state. If you find yourself in any way clueless it's probably an error on your own ability to read and understand.~The story is emotionally driven primarilly.If you're action oritented, look elsewhere.If you need something that aims to grip you quickly, look elsewhere.~Full appreciation will come from not having a standard set in your mind for things to be like in real life as it is now. Consider the world that the story is in._______________________Read through this story twice now and enjoyed it as much as the first time. Even knowing everything that's going to happen, the music and atmosphere that they created still hits hard at all the right points."
,Recommended,316720,14268354,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Aori,"A wonderful kinetic novel(one path VN) with wonderful japanese voice acting that add incredible heart to a wonderful little story.If you're at all interested in visual novels, this is a great start to ease you in. If you want to support the companies and show interest that the west wants more, buy it in support of companies like Key."
,Recommended,316720,16539981,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,なの〈Nano〉,"I played the VN very loooong times ago, it's most beautiful game ever, also my very, very all-time favorited story, my perspective was deep impacted by it since then, the story is short, but you will feel it, here's a sample:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073951124/recommended/316720/The only bad thing is it's not came with the epic soundtrack :summerghost:"
76561198026830141,Recommended,316720,24220710,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spelunker,Wonderfull VNA really nice but also short visual novel.In short time its able to catch your interest and wont let you stop till the end.but be aware of onion cutting ninjas! they will come and get you!
,Recommended,316720,24168404,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bahamut X,"I really really really loved the game, such a great story fill with a lot of emotions, if you like this kind of games I really recommend this one."
,Recommended,316720,25940395,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lpchaim,"A very touching kinetic novel (meaning there are no choices to be made), with great art, some absolutely gorgeous and emotional music tracks and a powerful climax. Suffice to say I've considerably inflated my in-game hours just by listening to some of its poignant tunes on repeat (roughly 1/3 of my playtime was spent on them at the time of my writing this), and that's a first for me.It's short lived, granted, lasting 3 hours or so depending on how fast you read, but that takes nothing away from the tale. In fact, I feel it went on for the perfect length for me to sucesfully connect to the characters yet leave the world cloaked in bleakness, solitude and mistery, which ultimately adds to the game's narrative and overall feel. Oh, and definitely expect tears to be shed or at the very least choked up at some point. More than worth it at normal price, a no brainer at a sale.tl;dr: Short but sweet kinetic VN with a stellar soundtrack and some real feels to be had."
,Recommended,316720,26081090,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Haildodger,"I highly recommend this, but with the following caveat. If you have watched the anime, then do not buy this. It is the exact  same story line as the anime.  As for the visual novel itself, it's a fantastic little robot reverie. Short, sweet, simple, and beautiful.That being said, it's a straight forward VN without any choices to be made. If you're fine with that, then I highly recommend it. If you prefer english voice actors, then watch the anime on Funimation."
,Recommended,316720,25911309,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CyberVengeance,"プラネタリウムはいかがでしょう？どんな時も消して消えることのない美しむきゅうのキラメキ。満点の星々が皆様をお待ちていますGot this game on a bundle and it's been sitting on my library for a few months. Decided to download it just so I can read a VN.The pacing of this game is really weird. It starts of really slow, without nothing really happening. It just plays out nicely so you can get attached to the only two characters of this game, the unnamed ""Junker"" and Hoshino Yumemi. Everything in this VN is just character development with nothing ground breaking happening. At times, you might get annoyed with your robot companion, at times the feels monster will attack you and just smash everything out.I wouldn't go as far to say that this VN is beautiful, compared to the other kinetic ones I've seen, but it's paced just right to get the conclusion right.As other reviewers say, prepare some tissues for the feels trip right at the end."
,Recommended,316720,25955228,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,joshthetechie,"Simply beautiful. Visual Arts/Key Studios and the Sekai Project did such an amazing job creating this VN and localizing it for English speakers. It only takes 3-4 hours to complete, and there's only one arc--no choices; simply put, this is a kinetic novel.If you're familiar with Key Studio's games/anime, then you know what's in store--particularly in the feels department.Voice acting was superb. I'm really glad they included the Japanese vocals, as the Japanese voice actors do a superb job at connecting the viewers with the characters. Soundtrack was amazing (I'm listening to it right now via the Music Mode available once you complete the game). Gentle Jena and Song of the Rotation of the Spheres are simply beautiful and set the mood for the story. All in all, I totally recommend Planetarian ~The Reverie of a Little Planet~ to anyone--especially if you're new the visual novel genre. It was definitely worth the $10.TL;DR:Just buy the game and play it through. The story may seem slow and boring at first; however, it really picks up a grows on you as you progress further. It's worthy of the title ""Onion Cutting Simulator 2016""."
76561198009479756,Recommended,316720,26088036,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,dominicho12,One great novel from beginning to end. Enjoyed the ride and what the story was about. Supurised on how short it was and I'm a pretty slow reader but overall enjoyed it. For anyone picking it up. Hold onto your feels your in for one amazing adventure.
,Recommended,316720,25034908,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,aquannete,"I turn to ~the reverie of a little planet~ when I feel disappointed, mostly because I can feed on legit optimismand hopelessness."
,Recommended,316720,24986366,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[                 ],"feels here, feeels there. 5/7 would feels again"
76561198281816324,Recommended,316720,26115579,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,blackensis,"Night sky has always been my most favorite scenery, and always will be."
76561198084906706,Recommended,316720,26203395,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Apy,Sweet game and storyline. It is like a good bedtime story!
,Recommended,316720,12290086,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,[GDS] <┼jiæ░d▒r▓y┼ ҉҈,Great Kinetic novel!Yumemi... never forget.
,Recommended,316720,25671478,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fuuka Yamagishi's #1 Fan,You will never give birth to a beautiful robot daughteru
,Recommended,316720,22721151,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Shark Bait,"I wasn't sure about what to expect with one of these 'visual novels' but I love Anime and I love Japan so I thought why not?The voice-acting is in Japanese. No English.While the story does instil a sense of creeping dread about dwindling resources and keeps you wondering if the next moment will be the end.. most of the story is describing a world which I feel could have been done a bit better through anime or even more manga.Even being a short story there's different levels to it and because it's well written I have to recommend itwhen it's on sale.To sum it up without spoilers: The festering species on this planet decided to reach for the stars and were wiped out for their effort. It's all in a day's work.You'd be horrified to find a dangerous fungus spreading out from your toilet bowl. First thing any decent person'd do is grab a bottle of bleach.There, it may not quite be in-line with what the author intended but it fits suitably."
,Recommended,316720,17037151,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Can get Loco moco?,Dem feels i ♥♥♥♥ing cried 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
76561198073189493,Recommended,316720,33340603,Posted: 7 July,all,kickfriend,A short VN with a good and interesting story. Definitely should pick it up while it is on sale.
76561198018598516,Recommended,316720,16802033,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,euplatious,I just finished it and holy crap was that awesome
,Recommended,316720,12199589,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"This VN is really short, probably about only about 2 hours. However it tells a compelling story and doesn't stretch things out, it's also pretty sad. Feels will probably be had at the end."
,Recommended,316720,12873726,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Anja,My first VN and it was quite touching really.
,Recommended,316720,23236476,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Novem,An enjoyable game that caused me to sacrifice sleep.
76561198171604171,Recommended,316720,26019647,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,399,"A short yet touching story about a man who found a planetarium, untouched by time, in a post-apocalyptic world with never ending rain. Made by Key, this is another tear-jerker made to really punch you in the feels."
76561198122372365,Recommended,316720,25375917,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Shedar,Amazing VN 10/10
,Recommended,316720,17105443,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,rock3tz,Great short VN.
76561198008708001,Recommended,316720,12096933,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,=BIA= Spoletta,"A visual novel from Key, that says it all.Compared to the other company works this plays like a Kud Wafter route with elements from Rewrite."
,Recommended,316720,16035536,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,how to play dota 2?,onions everywhere ~~
,Recommended,316720,24400858,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hoshizora,"I didn't feel anything, because I'm broken. :D"
76561198091123403,Not Recommended,316720,23748735,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScotchYeti,"I really liked the graphics and the voice actors, nothing can be said about the production itself.However, as a longtime Science Fiction veteran I had a big problem with the plot. This is supposed to be a world that has gone down the drain and you get glimpses of it by what the main character is telling. The overall mood though is so different because of the overenthusiastic robot and the light music. For me this didn't fit together, it never feels dangerous or like ""fight-for-your-life"". It's rather peaceful instead and the junker seems to enjoy the quiet time.Next, the things that happen with the robot. It's very predictable and I found the whole affair unconvincing. The main character nerver succeeds in outwitting the robot and only at the end expresses what he sees in her. Read ""Fondly Fahrenheit"" from Alfred Bester or one of the many robot stories by Asimov. They go deeper and explore what it means to be a robot.Even from a philosophical point of view the story feels flat. Whenever it gets more serious it falls back to ""I obey you"" or ""that's part of my programming"". I guess I am spoiled by ""Steins;Gate"" and its heart wrenching consequences.If you want to enjoy a lightweight and predictable SF story then you came to the right place. For something serious I highly recommend ""Steins;Gate""."
,Not Recommended,316720,24469486,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MoGek0ɴ,"Big names, any preceeding projects you've made as a developer which have managed to be a hit, can be a great way to lure a fanbase into expecting or anticipating your next possible product.As such, I saw those familiar, renowned names of creations which have cautivated many hearts,NOTincluding mine.I decided to give this a try, unsurprisingly, since I can't get my money back, I can only write down why thisVNhas failed my expectations.I could maybe even saythis is one the most mediocrily-executed VNs i've played.StoryQuite simple, maybe shallow and cliché one could even argue, it could still be amazing, but throughout theVN, you are only fed info on how things went down by very limited paraghaphs and moments that barely relate to the present besides being short ""flashbacks"".One could argue the Robot gal is the focus, if that's the case, what happens around her is so dreadfully repetitive that is just a chore to experience, as bottom-line, isUnengaging and brutally loopy.CastTo start, abysmally small, two people is all thisVNhas to offer, 1 and 1/2 since you barely learn about yourself.Your persona is just a whiny and old-fashioned war-torn grump, contrasted by the cheerful, but way too cloying Robot.As such,Bare minimum for character build, but very limited nontheless.WritingIf I can praise something is the absence of any kind of Typos, vocabulary is pretty well diversed and does a great job to explain things to you whenever the situations arises.However, it does take its sweet time with completely unrelated and meaningless dumps of information about the past (Which barely even relate to the current situation), You do learn and spend enough time with the Robot to make the end sad enough, so is justRoller-coaster'y.GraphicsThe Robot girl is the peak of quality, that pretty much sums it up.The Atmosphere built visually rarely ever attempts to be unnerving or post-apocalyptic, unless you consider the abundancy of empty places a sign of the upcoming Armageddon.At times is just outright lazy, plastering White or Black screens at vital moments or making you stare to a static image for around 1 min without variation.SoundtraxBy itself, it has some pretty catchy tunes and a few more sentimental, melodic ones for those rare instances.However by itself, consider the tone the game takes, isgood music, but very unfittingoverall, a dystopian building is accompanied by the most cheerful of tunes, and tense moments are musically accompanied by static noises or 5-sec loops.DurationFor aVN,while not extremely short, it does have a pretty limited Duration, no Alternatives for replay value, what you see for the first time is what you'll see every single time with no variation.tl;drYou do not have anything to gain from this, the Price does not reflect the time of theVNyou'll be enjoying to the fullest, Get it if you want the bragging rights of having aVNfrom well-known names, otherwise, don't bother with it.As such, I shall grant this game the dreaded...BucketofRaindrops/10"
,Not Recommended,316720,22788609,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,3.141592,"I didn't find myself attached to the characters, or the story. A nice idea, but kind of dull to read through.I liked the execution of it though, and I didn't feel like it was forcing poetry at me either. I just had no attachment to anyone/thing involved, which was too bad."
76561198035684047,Not Recommended,316720,18661006,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jailbroken,"I wish Steam had a ""Meh"" or ""Neutral"" rating, because honestly I couldn't go either way on the recommendation for this.I've read a lot of visual novels, and I do enjoy novels with feels. While the ending did tear me up a little bit, I walk away from this novel more upset than with a satisfied but bittersweet feeling. If you've played VNs like Eden* or Katawa Shoujo, those are IMHO examples of great visual novels that have great story and amazing feels.This story left a lot unexplained and the ending was rather rushed. Really though, they could have gotten the same end result but through different means that would have left me far more satisfied."
,Not Recommended,316720,20205362,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheDivineKnightCrusader90,"Hmm, well, this is just hard to recommend. Sure, it has a somewhat interesting story, and it is still somewhat short. However, since there are no decisions to be made whatsoever, I felt very bored at times. Also, I had problems with the text format for some reason, which kinda made it hard to read the text sometimes. The story was mediocre, art was mediocre, but the major thing that stood out was the sound quality. Despite it not being all that great, the sound effects and the soundtrack  was amazing. I wish they played it a lot more in this series and I wouldn't have been bored as much and I would have recommended this visual novel.overall: 4/10"
,Not Recommended,316720,17463357,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ichigo いちご,"+) Good combination of graphics and music backgrounds, even when some sound effects are quite a bit annoying during reading.+) The story is well written and let you sink into this tiny little world of tissues...-) The ending makes me feel unsatisfied (my opinion) like something is missingLong things short: The game lured me out from the sadness of the real life into a even more sad virtual life. It was a comfortable expirience... but i dont think i will look it a 2nd time.After all: i am a bit disappointed after it. But like everything in real life: Tastes are different."
,Not Recommended,316720,22724695,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cttfbsb,"Never liked visual novel, and although this came in highly recommended, I could not force myself to like it. That being said, I did not hate it either. It is just not for me. Abit draggy in my opinion. This is my first visual novel so I am not sure if this is a norm.Lots of people said they fell to tears but I failed to even get emotionally attached. I guess if you are just not a visual novel person like me, you may want to think twice before getting it, especially since it is possible to complete it within 2 hours. Fortunately I got it on a sale so thats ok... though I think I could do better."
76561197990096180,Not Recommended,316720,21911733,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,onlinechaos,"I purchased this game due to the fact it had overwhelmingly positive reviews and it was on sale.  I should of paid closer attention to what this was.First off it is not a game.  It is strictly a Novel to read sort of like a comic book or manga.   If you're not into Manga then this is a total waste of money.  Japanese seem to have some weird fetish with young girls especially with cat ears that I find creepy.  In this story it's a robot that looks like a 15 year old and about as dumb and naive as one which is intended to be ""cute"" and help the reader make an emotional connection with the character, but it is just a robot and one that talks a lot making it very annoying, which again I think is supposed to lend it to being 'cute'.   Only for serious manga readers with a little girl fettish."
76561198160416751,Not Recommended,316720,23508559,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Harkon,Unoriginal nonsense. The 'story' takes place in a single room. Very predictable. Very short. You will feel nothing for the characters and you certainly wont be crying like some of these reviews claim. The reviews can be explained by the emperors new clothes effect. Or just loyal fantards desperately defending the honour of there sacred texts. You know what these Japanophiles are like.
,Not Recommended,316720,13890431,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ℜitz,"This is a good story, but the translation on steam feels wordy and awkward.  It feels like the character talks far too much, and his explanations of events are just OVERLY detailed.  There is a fine balance of explaining the situation to the reader, and going over the minutia of everything that really won't make a difference 5 minutes later.As a result it doesn't feel organic~ which makes it very difficult to read/immerse."
,Not Recommended,316720,14049860,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,riveR,"This is a kinetic novel(aka no choices) about a scavenger in a post apocalytic world happineng upon an old service robot in a planetarium.While the premise was interesting, for some reason the game did not grip me emotionally, like Katawa Shoujo or To The Moon did. Since there isn't too much plot to be had, the emotional connection is the only thing the game has going for it."
,Not Recommended,316720,14091616,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fonso,I was told this was an interesting story. It wasn't.I couldn't even be bothered to finish reading it.
,Not Recommended,316720,31598260,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,316720,12125345,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kneekicker,"Even if it is only around 2 hours long, this game is absolutley worth $10. Made by the almighty Key, this game fits within the operandi of other Key VNs - to make you cry.Seriously, you'll be taking breaks all throughout just to lt loose all the tears pent up. The magnificent soundtrack is such that even entering the title screen ought to give you a real heartache.Key, please release Kanon, AIR, Clannad, Little Busters and Rewrite as well. I shall swallow them."
,Recommended,316720,12155659,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Jayko,"Very good, and worth the price. Especially if you're an avid reader who loves a good story, or if you have any infatuation with the heavens.  Definitely a tale of friendship, self-discovery, and loss.There is no actual ""choices"" in this game.  So it is a visual novel in the literal sense rather than the conventional sense. However if story is what you're looking for than you should know no qualms with this product.  I hope everyone enjoys as much as I did.On a final note, it can be considered depressing to the eyes of some, but for many I'm sure you'll have plenty to gain from it.Enjoy,Jayko"
76561197992710885,Recommended,316720,12157916,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Idjit,One of the greatest visual novels.Play planetarian and get feels.
,Recommended,316720,12135821,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Faized,"You will cry.'I'm a manly man, I don't cry.'No, welcome to the world of, ""Being a VNs little crying ♥♥♥♥♥.""Enjoy your stay."
76561198014898762,Recommended,316720,12138652,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,He4rtkey,"VisualArt's/Key games are finally being released for an English-speaking audience, starting with the kinetic novel Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~. This game was released nearly ten years ago in Japan, though this particular version is a re-release from 2010. The touching story is of the same quality expected of all Key games, the noticeably dated art only adds to the experience, and the Japanese voice acting is full of character. This is a short visual novel with no branching paths, but even so a great addition to your Steam library. I recommend Planetarian to fans of the medium as well as newcomers who are willing to see what Key has to offer.Note: as far as I'm aware fonts using 'half-width' characters currently do not display properly in-game. Until the bug is fixed using a full-width font (I'm using MS Gothic) will ensure the text displays correctly."
,Recommended,316720,12144522,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Last Phantom,"A metal gear rip off killed my robro... 10/10But on a serious note, these guys did Air (God that anime ended like a train crash of emotions), and also worked on Angel Beats (;_;), so you can bet this will be a great ride of emotions.I don't regret selling stuff in my steam inventory to get this one bit(I still wished it ended differently)."
76561198013457383,Recommended,316720,12196204,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Artigan202,This game is great loved almost every moment of it. All aboard the feel train choo chooo
,Recommended,316720,19303968,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,shimedaiko,11/10 would cry every tiem
,Recommended,316720,19494288,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Porphyrion,"The range of emotions this VN made me experience was incredible. Like many other players, I cried unabashedly in front of my computer for at least ten minutes. Twice.An easy 10, made by one of the best visual novel creators in the business. However, due the short run time (it took me about three hours), unless you've got money to burn, you might want to wait for a sale. Either way, it's easily worth it."
76561198055727605,Recommended,316720,19430452,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lurth,Feels were had
,Recommended,316720,19437418,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,k1,Nice and easy read with a heartwarming story.
,Recommended,316720,13127411,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,kemul,I've already played it like 2 or 3 years ago. Just bought it because I love this game so much. I cried when I finished it 2 or 3 years ago.I feel so weak.10/10
76561197985448866,Recommended,316720,13129288,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ghost,"If it from key, there isn’t even slightest hesitation on buying it. I recommended to all those who watch anime, read manga or visual novel. Great story line with heartwarming moments."
,Recommended,316720,13130629,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Nix/Jev/Wei,"Two hours' worth of kinetic novel  emo anime bullsh*t. Which, I'm not ashamed to say, made me cry buckets anyway. Good stuff."
,Recommended,316720,13132630,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shuji,"I am not one for visual novels but having seen five of Key's anime adaptations I couldn't not pick this up in the sale.Thankfully though, there are no choices to make in this one, just a beautiful short story to follow through. And of course, just as beautiful music.Having completed it I think this is something everyone should see, and if it doesn't make you cry, then shame on you ;w;The hardest part really is just getting into it, but it's worth sticking with it~"
76561198051914644,Recommended,316720,13133101,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ottolette,"Ahh, damnit. It's been a while since I cried as hard as I did.Consider this a short story well worth the price. At a little under 2 hours for my first playthrough, I have no regrets.Why did everything have to break?"
,Recommended,316720,13156993,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,V-NocTs,"Beautiful story. Like most of Visual Art's Key visual novel, there are times where it's happy go lucky mood and then there are sad, touching moments. Planetarian is no exception as one moment, it'll make feel sad, while the next I would laugh at the silly conversation the characters are having. I finished this in under 3 hours, rarely interupting Hoshino from finishing her dialogue. This is also one of Key's shortest visual novel, given that this is a linear novel. There at some times, the sounds seem a bit off but overall, it was a great visual novel. I'd give it a 9/10."
76561198043787903,Recommended,316720,13161352,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,fatso catso,Cried my eyes out at the end. This VN made me think about things that I purposefully ignored for a long time. What a beautiful piece of art.
,Recommended,316720,13161431,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Minoko,"What a fantastic novel, this is approximatly 2 hour long visual novel with no branching paths. However it is a bitter sweet story told that would make grown man cry and strongest man weak at the knees. The main characetr is so adorable and innoncent in contrast to the world it is set in it is a refreshing change to anything else i have read. if you have a few hours to spare and a bucket loads of tears to get rid of, i would highly recommending reading this through."
76561198011099033,Recommended,316720,13412941,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,electricNekomimi,"This kinetic novel is beautiful and *will* make you cry if you are capable of crying.Only drawback is that it's a pretty short story and $10 may seem steep.I estimate 2~4 hours of gameplay, and worth every second of it."
76561198044266379,Recommended,316720,13732454,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aeroxe,"During my early years in college, I began to experiment with games from the other side of the world-those being japanese games. This endeavour was purely boredom at first, but I was soon able to draw some interesting conclusions. Personally, I have found japanese games to be superior in terms of story and music, whereas western games still hold the reigns in the gameplay and especially the graphical departments. Planetarian is no exception.Planeterian is a game created by the company Key, who is more well known of creating visual novels which form the basis of animes such as Kanon, Air, and Clannad. Known for creating the nakige or ""crying game"" genre, Key specializes in tearing hearts and ripping them to shreds. This company has a unique expertise of creating the most ""feels"" you will ever feel. If you thought the notebook or titanic was touching, I can't even begin to imagine the physical breakdown you will have from playing games such as these. Especially the anime ""Clannad After Story"", which covers the life of a man from highschool-28 years old and themes such as fatherhood, change and maturity, and is the only fictional work that has ever made me shed a tear. Planetarian will most likely have a large enough impact to force you to tear up, although arguably it is not as sad as some of Key's other stuff.Planetarian itself is a short game, which can be approximately finished over 2 nights. It is a kinetic novel-one in which players read text without choices...much like a choose your adventure type of thing. The emphasis here is the story-the game takes place in a post-apocalyptic world, where a middle-aged man finds an abandoned service robot in a planetarian, or a theatre where one views the stars. I can't go into much detail about the plot, but let's say it is very typical of a Key game. The plot is albeit slow paced at the start, but the ending sure makes up for it.The high composition quality of the music is immediately apparent when you start the game. There's not that many tracks because it is a very short game, but the music sets the mood extremely well  (especially the menu theme, aka Gentle Jena). The composers really outdid themselves in this game.The graphics...well I'm not a huge fan of the whole anime artstyle thing, but hey if that's your kind of thing (to fap to?) you'll feel right at home. Again though, the focus of these games is on plot, and the visuals appropriately set the atmosphere and help with giving context.Would I recommend this game to most people? Hard to say. I can see people getting bored pretty easily, but if you have the patience to play this game to the end and have some heart/even slightly touched by tragic stuff, then you'll find a hidden gem that you will not find anywhere else in the steam library, or even dare I say out of all videogames. You'll remember this one for years to come...just remember to bring a tissue box."
,Recommended,316720,13802647,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nakato,"It's good to know I'm not a budget model, because I definatly cried, a lot.I've contacted the support center for fluids replenishment.It's a VN by Key, what more needs to be said."
,Recommended,316720,13790399,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kim Yoosung,"FEELSTHEY ARE EVERYWHEREthe ost is great, especially 'gentle jena'"
76561198026191965,Recommended,316720,13754730,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,|STE|Thekill9714,This game is truly art from the makers of clannad this is a older game that withstands the test of time.It has no choices like most graphic novels and is not a dating sim it is more like a noval that in truth is not just visual but emotional and has fitting audio to help. This is to me better then the producers other works even know this is not as well known I say it is worth buying hands down 10/10. Truly pulls the emotions.
,Recommended,316720,13774854,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Phrogas,"Games like this definitely aren't for everyone, but if you enjoy reading, it is most definitely for you. This is the story of an android, and her first customer in nearly thirty years. Like any great novel, or peice of literarure, it has ups and downs. Times you're laughing, times you're angry, and, of course, times you're crying. I think that this would make a great introduction in to the world of Visual Novels (VNs), or another good read for those who play them regularly. Planetarian is of course a bit different from most VNs, as there is no branching paths in the story. We call ones like these Kinetic. In any case, I felt it was a bit expensive for only about five hours of reading. My advise would be to wait until it is on sale, or try a few free VNs, like Juniper's Knot by Dischan Media, another Knetic novel like this.I'm gonna give this a 9/10. The only obsticle to really manage is that the only options you get are when you open it. If you want to change any settings, you have to right click. To be completely honest, it took about t a half-hour of reading to figure that out :/"
,Recommended,316720,13766324,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Samitian,"I have no shame in admiting when a game is sad enough to make make me misty eyed. This has happened quite a bit in recent years. It's a bit rarer when tears are shed, I can only think of 2 games in recent memory that have caused me to cry: To the Moon and Virtue's Last Reward.This game, however, is the first time I've ever had to take a break in order to calm myself down. This game tugs at the heartstrings throughout, but the ending in particular is so sad that I have trouble thinking that anyone can read it without tears shed.If you have any passing interest in Visual Novels, then I highly HIGHLY recommend this one. It's quite short, but very much worth your time."
,Recommended,316720,13701899,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Carsomane,"Finished this visual novel last night. It was my first from Key, but I was familiar with their work through the anime versions of Clannad and one dear to my heart, Angel Beats. I knew to expect the feels, but this one really got me and the feels train kept going and going. My fiancee told me I had cried for an hour or more, and I had no idea that much time had passed. I just knew no one needed to chop onions in my room that long in the middle of the night. 10/10"
,Recommended,316720,13715832,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sent44,"Too short, but great"
,Recommended,316720,13956386,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,BIGGILBERT,"Fairly short game, took me around 3 hours. It started off pretty slow, however by the end of it I was glad I spent the $6 and 3 hours playing it. The visuals were few and some lacked vibrance, but the story itself was very well done. If you've liked Keys previous works, you will love this story. 8/10"
76561197997146406,Recommended,316720,13958524,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mikapi,I cried. Alot.
,Recommended,316720,14075842,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,praack1,"visual novel- not a game , good one though but buy it on sale..."
,Recommended,316720,14147669,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,mecucu,10/10 WOULD PLAY AGAINI CRIED LEGIT TEARS PLAYING THIS GAME
,Recommended,316720,13579300,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nakaVS,"Not a bad way to burn a couple of hours (grab it on sale), especially if you wish to see future Key (the masterpiece maker) titles on Steam in the future like the successfully Kickstarted Clannad translation."
,Recommended,316720,13579837,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tamaki Sakura,"Planetarian is heartfelt tale that I would happily recommend to anyone. Although it's only a few hours long, and there aren't any choices, the atmosphere and storytelling are more than worth the price. Yumemi is just the sweetest little robot in the whole world, even if she is 'a little broken'. I teared up at the end of the game.Buy Planetarian and help support the localization of visual novels."
76561198163838330,Recommended,316720,16160915,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dr .Saas,To me this is one of if not the most beautiful game;story I have ever played/experienced.My suggestion is to play it alone a night and play it in one play thru for the full experience I believe you will be aww inspired.It’s about 3 or so hours long but it could be one of the most fulfilling things you could do I this lifeFrom Dr. Saas
,Recommended,316720,16466978,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Der Lügner,I paid money to cry... 10/10 goddamn
,Recommended,316720,16489458,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Surge4180,"If you're on this page you need to buy this. It's really that simple.........""Why don't you come to the planetarium?..."""
76561198228941028,Recommended,316720,16528844,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,casual_gamer_guy,"Touching story (albeit with some cliche), complemented by good voice acting and music. The art is nice too, but the conversation and descriptions felt too verbose at times."
76561198165229401,Recommended,316720,16456451,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KGeminis,"Absolutely recommended, a short read with excellent narrative that will really make move your feelings."
,Recommended,316720,16463474,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,♥,100000/10
,Recommended,316720,17939750,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Shrouded Wolf,"As far as I remember, I don't think I've ever cried in response to any piece of media. Sure, I had started to tear up of a few times here and there, but never actually cried. I've just finished this game. That statement is no longer true.I can't really say too much without venturing into spoilers, but... Despite the borderline winge-worthy opening, man. That story developed into something absolutely fantastic and well told.It got particularly deep, too. I can't mention my best example without spoilers, but... For my second best, I'm sure I'll be having an internal discussion with myself about the idea of humans, a race with rather questionable moral system, assigning one to androids.P.S. If you launch the game, when it informs you that you're missing the MS Gothic font (which is the font that was intended to be used to consume this game) and asks you to select one from a list, presuming that you are running any remotely recent OS, you probably already have it. Just look through the list of fonts it presents you with and it should be there. If it's not, enable and install the keyboard for Japanese, that should fix it."
,Recommended,316720,17935615,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PyrokinesisKing,"Made me cry a bit. The robot girl and her story is so sad and the world and the way it turns out, so depressing, but this also shows us that there will always be something to make you a little happy."
,Recommended,316720,17408210,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Reapor25,Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet; this story was decent. It was not the best but it was also not the worst. Everything needs improvements but this did not need that many. I enjoyed it and cannot wait to play the game.
76561198059085600,Recommended,316720,17475135,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Luigi HeHe,"planetarian was a very very good visual novel. Its something I'd recommend to anyone who is a fan of them, even though the story in this one is a tear-jerker. Still, I really really liked this game. Its art style is lovely and enjoyable. The soundtrack is very well put together and manages to loop without really being annoying. Its price is a little bit up there, but most visual novels are, however, this one is definitely worth every single penny!"
76561198167971249,Recommended,316720,17594023,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Supracom8,"This is my first time writing a review for a game on steam, but seeing as I just finished it I'll keep it short and sweet. This visual novel surpassed my expectations in almost every way. I did'nt think I was going to cry as much as I did and despite taking around 5 hours to complete I felt like it had an intense emotional impact on me. The voice acting and music are stellar, and truthfully this visual novel would not feel right any other way. The art is beautiful, and makes great use of rain animations for added effect of a world that is 'broken'. The plot/story is 10/10, the fact that it is so short is half of what makes this visual novel so tragic, and I can't explain any further because of spoilers. The only notable characters are Mr. Customer and Yumemi, and luckily they are both voice acted because their conversations range from witty, to perverted, to depressing, to hungry (this game made me hungry, don't ask why). I bought this game on sale for $5, but now I feel like I should have payed $10 due to the high quality of the sound and visuals. A mini-masterpiece, and worth every tear that I shed."
,Recommended,316720,17605468,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Taiga Aisaka,"Its made by Key, i think that explains its self"
,Recommended,316720,17510508,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CaptainQuinn,"Classic VN by Key, who are responsible for some of the greatest VNs of all time like Clannad, Little Busters, and Rewrite. A bit short but totally worth it. 9/10"
,Recommended,316720,20864238,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mors,"Prepare your eyes, you will cry. Play it on a cold rainy day for best effect.planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a short but very beautiful kinetic visual novel (it means that there are no choices, the story moves in just one path with no branches). The drawings and CGs are not that good, but the voices (the protagonist has a voice on this one) and the music make up for it. I say it's worth full price, but you can wait for some sale with 50% off."
76561198193099461,Recommended,316720,15545706,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lightning Showers,"Such a beutiful story! I enjoyed every bit of it. But good greif, have a box of tissues handy! I promise you'll need it!"
76561197969900960,Recommended,316720,16429891,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gidar,"Despite it's simplicity and short length, this is one of the most memorable VNs I have played. The story isn't particularly deep, but it does explore some interesting concepts in a way that is moving. Recommended for people who like sci-fi and/or post-apoc types of stories."
,Recommended,316720,16418167,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Klepto Witch,"This isn't really a game, But it is a very good visual novel. I liked it. I liked the theme that kind of followed the clannad, angel beats, and some other anime patterns. It is kind of sad, whats going on.The female voice actor kind of reminds me of Ushio, or Nagisa. She may be the same one too."
,Recommended,316720,14218025,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,すみか,"Overview:Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet is a short Japanese kinetic visual novel from Key.  Anyone who knows visual novels knows Key.  They are one of the most respected studios out there, known for their amazing characters and touching stories.  Released on Steam just in time for the 10 year anniversary, how does Planetarian hold up?  The short answer?  Quite well.Story:Planetarian is a simple story, set in a post-apocalyptic landscape.  The nature of the harsh world is hinted at throughout the experience, handing out bits and pieces of information regarding the reason for the fall of humanity and the harm we did to our own planet.  Our protagonist is a middle aged man known only as ""The Junker.""  He is a scavenger.  He lives by finding things to not only maintain his own survival but also by finding things of value within the ruins of humanity and bring them back to the various outposts and villages.  He even had a partner, at least for a while.The story takes place in one of the ""coffin cities,"" locations of horrible biological and germ warfare.  While avoiding automated war machines and searching for supplies, our protagonist heads deeper into the city interior, towards a dome shaped building.  Initially thinking it might be some type of military instillation he proceeds further only to discover that it is a department store (based off of the Matsubishi Department Store in Hamamatsu) with a planetarium at the top.  It is here that he meets Yumemi and Miss Jena.  What happens?  Who are these two characters?  Find out for yourself.But to summarize the tale itself is heart breaking and very well written.  It can be a bit wordy at times but I personally feel that is part of the charm.  At a certain point you'll start to feel this sense of dread creeping up your spine and by the time our story reaches the climax and the scenes following you'll be reaching for something to dry your eyes.Visuals:The visuals were beautiful when Planetarian released over ten years ago and they hold up to this date.  The sprites are gorgeous, the backgrounds, while simple, do a fantastic job of painting a bleak picture for a bleak world.  The only major issue I have is the resolution of the resources, which are a result of age, nothing more.  Despite being as old as it is Planetarian still looks great.Sound Design:The music is great.  Fantastic.  Designed to take a back seat to the visuals and the story, the various tracks fit the changing moods well.  At times whimsical and upbeat while or foreboding and downtrodden, it is honestly shocking how well it holds up.Planetarian also features full voice acting, in Japanese.  The quality once again shows its age but is still well done.System:From a technical standpoint, and remembering the visual novel is more than 10 years old, it is functional but that is about as nice as I can be.  The font is...readable and everything functions the way it should...but it is old and it shows it.  Upon completion you will unlock the CG Gallery and Music Gallery.  They're expected but still nice little treats.Conclusion:Is Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet worth your time and money?  Absolutely.  It is a classic of the visual novel medium, the perfect length for the story it sets out to tell, and to this day still beautifully haunting."
,Recommended,316720,16252375,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[-Matt-],i cri
76561198046135594,Recommended,316720,15451358,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mr. Mystery (Whodunit?),Another amazing!! Visual novel. The feels were way to real. If you like clannad or angel beats you will probably love this!
,Recommended,316720,15636949,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Corvo,10/10 ... would cry again
76561198012304115,Recommended,316720,16187477,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Hanabi,World Best Visual Novel Game.planetarian have Best story in this Universe.
,Recommended,316720,16246214,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,sortitus,"This was my first experience with a visual novel, and I really enjoyed it. The content was amazing and I cried many manly tears, but since this format was new to me and may be to others looking at this title, I'd like to do a quick rundown on the experience from a more technical standpoint.First, I've heard that some visual novels have branching story lines, mini games, and animation. Planetarian has none of these things, so feel free to set the auto advance to the speed you like and sit back for however long you have. I had the settings almost as fast as they go and it took about 4 hours from start to finish. Setting the auto-advance also means you won't accidentally skip any voiced lines that have a pause before they play on a slide.There's enough text that the overall feeling was somewhere between reading a book and watching a movie. Mostly the narration is left out, but occasional character lines are not voiced. There are maybe 10 backgrounds and 30 character pictures that are shuffled around throughout the story, and while they're appealing enough, you really have to be engaged with the text or you won't enjoy yourself.Basically, this isn't a game, but I liked it. Consider watching it with friends on a TV if you want to get a little more out of the purchase.Oh, and there are a few minor errors in the translation, but they weren't distracting and the meaning was intact."
,Recommended,316720,15349103,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Asrei Murasame,"A very heart warming and very sad story. As short as it is, it's a good visual novel that has a lot of emotion that can really pull you in.It remains one of the only games on steam that has managed to bring me to tears."
,Recommended,316720,15313287,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,scruffy,Good but it makes you sad.
76561198086683671,Recommended,316720,15016258,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ghagler3,"This is one of the best stories i've ever had the joy of experiencing.You might think that an overstatement. But I assure you: the message it presents in the few hours it takes to play/read is masterfully accomplished, and strikes the heart like few works of literature, film or visual novel have.A regular movie, or a mid-class meal, probably costs close to the $9.99 I paid for this game. Frankly, the amount of emotions I experienced by the end far outweighed the price i've paid for all the movies i've seen in the past three years. It is well worth the buy.Now, you might ask: what, exactly, makes Planetarian so great?Answer: the heart of the story, revealed at the climax.The story is written well, and leads the player through a calm, peaceful, almost nostalgic sense of: i'm about to witness something wonderful. It builds to a semi-climax partway through that's certainly beautiful, but then it moves on and, in an instant, pierces the heart with its true message.I sincerely hope each player grasps it, as it is a message both beautiful and important for us to remember, as we finish this game and return to our daily lives."
,Recommended,316720,15097257,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[BHoD/Trin/DRGN] Makuta,Very touching story and the music was absolutly beautiful. I highly recommend this VN for those who like touching stories.
,Recommended,316720,15188876,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,deusprogrammer,"I bought it and played it from beginning to end in one setting.  I cried a lot and I'm not afraid to admit that.As a creator of a Visual Novel engine I created for another Visual Novel project, I want to write an unofficial sequel just so I can see her again =(.  Surely there must be replacement shells for this android girl somewhere?But in any case, like the other reviewers said.  If a game is from Visual Studios/Key, you need it.  They will make you feel emotions you never knew you had."
76561198050242018,Recommended,316720,15359357,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Yuno F*CKING Gasai,"Although I havn't finished it, it is very heart-moving and beautiful, and so are it's soundtracks.I think I have a high chance of crying through this :'c This is simply amazing, like all of Key's products. This is a very great visual novel and I urge you to buy it, Ogeg-sama xDHi! This paragraph has been edited in, because now I have just finished the game. AND IT IS A LOT BETTER THAT WHAT I WROTE BEFFOOORREE!!!! THIS NOVEL IS DEFENETLY WORTH WHILE! It may make you release some tears, for me it sure released a lot, and I'm pretty resilient. I would buy this for a lot more. Infinite out of 10, would play 100 times over but that would cause a flood :P"
,Recommended,316720,15503553,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,佐倉双葉,Short and bittersweet......Really sad ending.....But i really love the story
76561197972903504,Recommended,316720,15620770,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ayrennar,"In under the length of a movie, I experienced this well paced storyline that far exceeded my expectations. The story is so simple and yet so thought provoking. As typical with works from ""Key"", there is a lesson for anyone who ventures to read, this particular piece providing frightening social commentary on a rather dark predicition of the future.I was moved to tears during the game's closing moments, even if you can clearly tell how it is to end, nothing really prepares you for Key's iconic emotional deliverance of a powerful narrative."
,Recommended,316720,15991981,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,NeDix!,"a masterpiece than always wanted to give my money, and came with full voice version, even better :D"
,Recommended,316720,12368309,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DariruKuro,Many tears.So beautiful.
,Recommended,316720,12372291,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,luis3007,"A great beginning for Key visual novels. Short, poignant and won't dissapoint!!"
76561198018521372,Recommended,316720,12363709,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,seth_da_beast,"I originally bought the Japanese version of this game 5 years ago off of Key's official site. It was a tremendously moving experience, and one of Key's greatest stories. I feel truly blessed to be able to buy it again off of Steam, so many years after it was originally published in Japan. I sincerely thank everyone who made this possible."
76561198028242996,Recommended,316720,12375458,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lost_Soul 火産霊,"At first, I was suspicious toward this VN (manly because I didn't like reading haha). But damn I was wrong to be so. This VN is so well-made !You really get attached to the characters who are still human even though the world they live in is broken as hell and where humanity vanished a long time ago.The soundtrack goes perfectly with the atmosphere of the game and is delightful. Should I mention that the illustrations are gorgeous ? No, i didn't think so, it's obvious so moving on.The end is really powerful in emotions and you can be sure that you'll let out a tear no matter what. (In fact, the whole story is really a journey filled of emotions and really well constructed)Above all, this VN conveys a strong message that i'll let you discover by reading this VN :)In the end, Planetarian ~The Reverie of a Little Planet~ is simply a masterpiece of which the story will stick in your mind for a long time but in a good way. You'll remember it as a damn fine story (which made me willing to read other VNs), and if you're ,like me, new to VNs , it's definitely worth every penny you spend to buy this.My rating : 10/10 ...... hell, even 15/10"
,Recommended,316720,12404727,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dark Confidant,The game takes 2-3 hours to play. Considering you would pay more than that to go to a 1.5 hour movie the cost is decent and if this is on sale then that fantastic. The overall story was very good and the ending was phenomenal. It is a standard VN with the ability to look over key images and having all the sound tracks available for you to listen to them as much as you want.
,Recommended,316720,12391524,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Necrosaro,A post apocalyptic field trip of feels.
76561198116083694,Recommended,316720,12393792,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,春日咲子,"I'd like to say two things; 1, this is a Kinetic novel.  There are no choices, its job is to tell a story.  2, the story it tells is a beautiful one.Planetarian is an amazing kinetic novel by KEY.  I've played CLANNAD, Rewrite, Air, Little Busters, and Kanon.  I love every visual novel done by them.  This is no different.  The story, art and atmosphere are all perfect in my opinion.  The character progression is a little bit straightforward and obvious, but overall its decent.  The ending made me ♥♥♥♥ing cry.  It's a wonderful experience, and I HIGHLY recommend it."
,Recommended,316720,12420324,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Pol-P-Pol,"Planetarian is a bit short in story,but it's good for any one that jsut staring with visual novel"
76561198053521390,Recommended,316720,12942900,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DasBattousai,"As expected from Key, Planetarian tells a wonderful heartfelt story. The game is about four to eight hours long depending on your reading level. This game is a kinetic novel (easily mistaken as a visual novel). I give Planetarian 4/5 for it's story and soundtrack."
,Recommended,316720,12957232,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Aynekko,Bravo! :')
,Recommended,316720,12184159,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Oshibo,"It has a beautiful story, with an ending so sad, I cried for the first time in 2 years, with just a little under 4 hours. It is something that you owe it to yourself to read, but if you can't handle sad endings at all you should not read this Visual Novel.Though the ending could be seen a mile away, you will not regret playing this."
76561198063842592,Recommended,316720,12185319,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NeoTantalus,One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. It brought me to tears.
76561198064312246,Recommended,316720,18833084,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,tacofatass,"I'm not going to lie, I had tears on my keyboard after going through this absolutley beautiful journey.  Key, you've done it again.10/10"
76561198025127159,Recommended,316720,18798916,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hyaru,If you like crying this game is for you!10/10
,Recommended,316720,18824408,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lisimba,Just adding to the positive review count.
,Recommended,316720,14494884,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,戦場ヶ原 ひたぎ Blinding_Shadows,"A must play for fans of any of Key's other works. Planetarian is rather old and lacks features that many newer VN have, but makes up for it with strong charcter devlopment and a well crafted story. If you are not moved by the story after reading to its compleation then you likely are not human.10/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,316720,13212930,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Plan10FromSpace,Are you prepared for the feels? I sure wasn't.
,Recommended,316720,13267619,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,rankorth,"Wonderful story, heart wrenching at times, silly at others. Overall a great item to get. Note that this is not a game per se... More of a movie..."
,Recommended,316720,13372779,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Xeɩdeη,"While technically considered a 'kinetic novel' due to the lack of alternate endings or player choice, the story told by Key is both emotional and captivating. It is more focused on telling an emotional story, than on creating a challenging experience for it's players, and focuses instead on creating a pleasing aesthetic.are you going to the planetarium?9/10 would play again"
,Recommended,316720,13194742,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mega Negbert,Feels/10
,Recommended,316720,13228436,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Dex~,"While this is the first Visual Art's/Key VN I've played, I've watched several of their Anime adaptations, so I went in expecting good things and was not dissapointed.Now I knew Key was going to punch me in feels, but you're never really prepared for it, very much worth playing to the end, even if you tear up a bit.Decent length, well drawn characters, fitting music, and very well done world building, all in a all, a great VN for a nice price"
,Recommended,316720,13133777,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Avoozl,KEY... nuff said...SUPPORT CLANNAD!https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sekaiproject/clannad-official-english-release
,Recommended,316720,13191523,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,JPDL,Not as sad as other key novels*depression intensifies*
,Recommended,316720,13100167,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shish,"I didn't cry when my nan died. I didn't cry when my pets died. I didn't cry when any of my girlfriends left me (most of them left because I never show emotions).This game had me bawling my eyes out for two hours solid, and ten years after playing it for the first time, I still choke up every time I think about it. Not just the sad parts -- I wept with joy at the happy parts. I laughed till I cried at the funny parts. I overflowed with awe at the beautiful parts.If you are a cold hearted emotionless robot of a person, and you wonder what it must be like to be a normal person who feels things, I recommend reading this story to find out. If you are a normal person, I recommend it too, and I also recommend a large stack of tissues to help you see the screen once the story gets going.I am fairly sure that nobody will ever create a kinetic novel which is similar to this and better than it, so even if it doesn't sound interesting to you, I'd say play it anyway just to see what a tiny shard of perfection looks like."
,Recommended,316720,14053932,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JY,Looking forward to more Key Games on Steam
,Recommended,316720,14120947,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,T-Dawg,"A Kenetic Novel (Visual Novel without choices) set in a post-apocolyptic world. You are a junker, a survivor, of the last 30 years of war, entering a city you find yourself at a planetarium, with it's last remaining employee - a robot named Yumemi, what follows is a great story that will last around 6.5 hours*, and brings with it everything you expect from a Visual Art's/Key production (assuming you're familiar with their other works).*Your milage will vary depending on how quickly you read."
,Recommended,316720,22656989,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,key
76561198088816688,Recommended,316720,23348768,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Andrew Destructo,"This is a short but emotional story, worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,316720,24291996,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AlexTenshi,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium? The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what. All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.""This game is so touching, like seriously. I don't think I've cried this much before. The depth of the characters and the beauty of the story can not be matched. This visual novel is a short one, but is worth every second. I highly recommend this.Also, an anime for this is currently being released, and it is not a bad adaptation from what I can tell so far. (only episode 1 is out as of 13 July 2016). A movie is also coming out, which is based on the Junker's story."
76561198093131633,Recommended,316720,24340837,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Skarin,"One of the best VN's I've ever had the pleasure of playing, and I believe that it will stick with me for awhile. Not since 'eden*' have I cried at the end of a game."
,Recommended,316720,24339115,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,potte_SC,"Story, Music, Character...10 out of 10.You must play this game."
,Recommended,316720,24399225,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Shiv,You will cry robot tears.
,Recommended,316720,24372875,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,InfinitePeace,"Nice feels trip you go on if you watch/read this VN. I recommend because it is a good polished VN with a feels trip.10 dollars may be a bit much, it's a bit short. But it's a good read."
,Recommended,316720,24417819,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dunciboy,"Really good story line as to be expect from a VisualArts/key game. This game was really touching and the animations that are included are well done like the constant down pour of rain.Even though this visual novel is fairly short and has no choices it's gives you a complete decent story that will touch you in the heart. The ending is beautifull, so I hope you all enjoy it as well as I did.Conclusion: if you cry easly get tissues. If not brace yourselves for the feels."
,Recommended,316720,24415746,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,---,"Key, such an amazing studio. I don't do reviews nor am I good at them but I wanted to leave my thoughts somewhere for this particular one so....yeWhy don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.Albeit this catchphrase can become slightly annoying after a while, it is very well utilized throughout the story imo.It reminds me that the girl is most definitively a mere robot whose sole purpose is to entertain the customers of the planetarium she works in.The story is set in a post-apocalyptic setting, in a city of bereft of life and of never-ending rain. Unable to assess the consequences war brought to humanity, she can only act the way she has always been programmed to act. The sight of an innocent robot practicing her usual greeting speech in the emptiness, waiting for a customer to pass by left me with a tint of sadness.The little chitter chatter that compose the majority of Planetarian lays out the character development for the main character. A man broken by war and stripped of all emotions, simply set on survival, meets a robot built for a world devoid of harm, just how annoyed could he be upon this encounter? As a Key game, it was no mystery that it would end up in feels agh...He slowly would get attached to this broken robot. The turning point being obviously the projection of the planetarium. To a man who lived his entire life under the storming clouds, millions of twinkling stars must've been a glimpse of hope, telling him this world can still be saved...This is the first time I played a visual novel (if you can exclude nekopara =.=), and the voice-acting and especially the BGM impressed me. If I think of a few scenes, the songs would start playing back inside my head as if imprinted onto the story. They emphasized the sad parts and the light-hearted parts, separating them perfectly. I'm glad the developpers included a music mode, if I ever feel like getting sad ಠ~ಠ. The animations and art are somewhat more of an older style and the story is short, but that doesn't mean anything bad and I enjoyed this vn :)"
,Recommended,316720,22015567,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,raehik,"A short and very sweet visual novel with outstanding localisation.The way the world is built up around the main character's current situation is orchestrated wonderfully. The dull and grey animated city backgrounds and the descriptions verging on poetic make it easy for the reader to form a strong sense of the world being portrayed -- and that's coming from someone who hardly ever reads books, partly *because* I can't visualise them well.Watching the main character develop as chapters progress is the other best thing about planetarian. It never felt forced (though a bit rushed at the end), it was always interesting, and it keeps the story moving at the perfect pace.One more point to emphasise: the brilliant translation/localisation. I remember seeing only one grammar error in total, and it was minor. There's a point where they use the 'when in Rome' saying: I thought to myself, ""oh no, they're not using this right at all"", but the next line proved me wrong. Seriously, it's a pleasure to read.Having only played a few VNs before I think I can say reasonably safely that this would be a great starting option for people who haven't played many before. planetarian is 100% non-interactive, so stay away if you prefer choices in your visual novels -- but for anyone else, especially if you enjoy sci-fi, this game is a great pick.2016-07-25 edit: Yeah it's still an amazing experience. I was constantly impressed with how well the story reads. Good variety of music to fit different scenes. For anyone interested, it takes 4.5 hours to read through in auto mode with a slightly faster than default speed setting."
,Recommended,316720,24481578,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Divinelite,"finish the game quickly before the airing anime reach my progression.planetarian is a short story yet a great story on its own.for the new people who into visual or kinetic novel, this title is a good start."
,Recommended,316720,24073206,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sorryjzargo,"A short visual novel with no gameplay or choices, but it's exceedingly charming and expresses the hopes and despairs of a postapocalyptic world beautifully.That's not a tear in my eye, what are you talking about?"
,Recommended,316720,24109429,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nuni,"I'm not a big fan of the key visual novels, but this one hit me right into the heart.The story is simple & short about 3-4 hours nothing big, but yet a very friendly told and easy to understand story that will make you cry."
,Recommended,316720,24112276,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kranberri Jam,"Labeled a ""kinetic novel"" this VN has no choices and a single ending. Its short and somewhat predictable, yet the combination of the art, voice acting, music, and characters has you completely invested in the story. This is a story made to make you feel and boy, does it do its job well. Anyone who is a fan of good stories and characters, I cannot recommend this one enough."
76561198023065456,Recommended,316720,27537844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Valta,A touching little kinetic novel.
76561198119493666,Recommended,316720,27726474,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dracodiem,This was the first time I've played a game like this and I loved it. It's a great story and a great experience.
76561198105900262,Recommended,316720,27740335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🔰VeganMaoist☭,Saddest ending ever.
76561197997753928,Recommended,316720,31330818,Posted: 23 April,all,Broski,"Cute art, cute name.. dark story? I had my doubts from appearances, but ratings didnt lie on this one."
,Recommended,316720,32762855,Posted: 25 June,all,Lazy Surname,"YES JUST, YES."
,Recommended,316720,32833186,Posted: 26 June,all,Grey,Wonderful VN
76561198005243632,Recommended,316720,33282029,Posted: 5 July,all,Nestle Snipes,"Just Key doing what Key does best....making you feel every human emotion you possibly can in as short a time as possible.This was one helluva fantastic read. You don't have any choices to make, seeing as it's a kinetic novel and not a regular visual novel, but imo it helped me be immersed in the world that much more as there were no long pauses in dialogue where I'd be sitting there for sometimes minutes on end trying to make the ""right"" decision!Even if this isn't on sale, it's so worth the price. If you liked Clannad, Kanon, Air, Angel Beats or any other Visual Arts/Key product, you'll definitely like this."
76561198174053214,Recommended,316720,33420721,Posted: 9 July,all,vicdinnen,"This was a good, short visual novel.This is a 'kinetic' visual novel - meaning, there are no choices, no multiple endings, it is simply a story to be read and enjoyed.  However, I thought it was a nice story, quite good actually.  There were funny moments (I loved the interactions between the characters), and there were serious moments also (for those of you who get emotional, this will probably do that to you: it's up to you to decide whether that's a good thing or not, I think it's good when a story can do that to you).  I definitely recommend this as a read.Now, my playtime shows 2.2 hours played, and that included EVERYTHING you can do in the game, so it is a short experience, but a wonderful experience.  You may want to wait for a sale to justify the short time, but it is a great experience.  I'd say if you have a backlog of games, put this on the wishlist and wait for a sale: if you are looking for something now, I may just have to say bite the bullet and go for it."
76561198046953279,Recommended,316720,18383843,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,monkeymuchacho,"Simply beautiful. There are no choices so there is only one ending, making this an amazing gateway VN for newcomers. I hope Key releases more of their visual novels on steam.10/10"
,Recommended,316720,18519898,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DarkHellSpartan,I just...I dont know if I've become softer or what but I hadnt cried in so many years...Yet this game did it...Eventhough you absolutely know how its going to end...it still gets to you (if you get into the story of course)
,Recommended,316720,17674241,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Silent_Reverie,Damn good VN. Kind of short but very well written story definitely makes up for it. Ending made me cry for the first time in years.
76561198060164295,Recommended,316720,17785806,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tricky Dick,i cri evry tiem
76561198242537320,Recommended,316720,17818404,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ThreeTimesFaster,"Excuse me while I staple my heart back together.I'm not crying! Who said I was crying? This is a deepy touching VN and is worth every penny and I just have something in my eye, okay? I swear I'm not crying. Great VN, Steam only allows one thumbs up but it deserves two.Caution: May cause crying"
76561198060298228,Recommended,316720,17882254,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TheHendricksoExp,"I saw this as I was browsing through the depths of Steam's store and picked it up on a whim. Right after I purchased it, I began reading through this visual novel which was made by 'Key', the same studio behind many great visual novels and anime including 'Clannad' and 'Angel Beats!'. The first half or so seems to be dragged out quite a bit with banter between the narrator and a robot named Yumemi Hoshino. I became mainly enthralled with the concept of the setting, a post-apocalytpic world that has been occupied by war machines. The game features excellent artwork and music composition. The ending, much like in Key fashion, ripped my heart out and tore my soul asunder. If you are a fan of kinetic visual novels, or even slightly interested in visual novels as is, I extremely recommend that you purchase it. It'll only last you a few hours, but the experience will hopefully last with you for a good long while like it has with myself."
76561198027347256,Recommended,316720,16511913,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Flare,"This was one fine story... The setting is grim but there is still some comic relief to be had due to the contrasting personalities of the two characters. The story can easily be finished in one sitting, but will be remembered for many years to come. If you have any intrest in reading a good story, go right ahead and get it. It's worth the full price too."
,Recommended,316720,17305237,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Smugleaf the IVth,"8/10, would recommend to anyone who seems interested in it from reading the description.Buy it on sale if you're a fast reader, it takes about 3-5 hours on auto-play."
,Recommended,316720,17307596,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,cperric,An amazingingly sad and beautiful story that held my absolute attention the entire time. My all time favorite visual novel.
,Recommended,316720,17272400,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bogus,"If I could cry, I certainly would be right now.10/10 would see stars again."
,Recommended,316720,18286726,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ginseng,"Very emotional game as to be expected from Key, highly recommend it for the price despite the fact that is is only about four hours long."
,Recommended,316720,21096578,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,boku wa makenai,I think the appropriate words are....War. War never changes.And I'm not joking. Get this ASAP.
,Recommended,316720,21199449,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hata no Myon,"From the makers of Clannad (now on steam as well).This VN might not be for everyone, but I know I enjoyed the slow relaxing pace it had.And the feels."
76561198048864031,Recommended,316720,21477919,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Colonel,"I havent finished this V.N yet. However it is really good, very emotional novel. Beautifual arts. Wonderful also really sad story."
,Recommended,316720,21849931,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Yeee...,ran out of tissueskey.. you made me cry again ;_;
,Recommended,316720,21869179,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Glenn,i never think this game will make you into the game the feels the story line and everything is just perfect
,Recommended,316720,16838397,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,paperbox,Can't get over that ending.♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198141356326,Recommended,316720,21896744,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,wickerswammie,"I've clicked threw a few VNs, but have never considered myself a VN fan by any standard.  They generally are quite boring at best.  The good reviews made me try this out though, and I'm very glad I did.Not to ruin the story, but it's a nice execution of the classic redemption story.I'm not sure it's possible to more highly recommend experiencing this."
76561198141681626,Recommended,316720,21864471,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,tomlies,I'm not crying you're cryingshut up;_;
,Recommended,316720,21854706,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Reye,This is just so beautiful :')
,Recommended,316720,21846097,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kurea,"Not your typical visual novel. Completely linear, devoid of romance, sex, nudity and fan service, but it will curb stomp your heart strings like no other. Enjoy the feels. Be warned however: the ending might leave you a mess."
,Recommended,316720,13698010,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ghost,"planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a kinectic novel akin to a visual novel only with no player interaction whatsoever. It is relatively short but a very emotional story that one should experience personally rather then reading someone elses reccomendation of it. I personally enjoyed it as it had told  an excellent story and had a character that I truely cared for, Hoshino Yumemi. You have to experience this work yourself to be the judge of whether you would enjoy this or not. It made me cry... T-T"
,Recommended,316720,21992766,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Lt. Labcoat,"It's a visual novel consisting entirely of two characters and their conversations.It's also very, very, very well written!Really, props to the localisation team behind this one! It's got to be the best Japanese-to-English localisation I've ever seen. They make it look easy!"
,Recommended,316720,21982951,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SubrosianChainsawMassacre_|BC|,"planetarianis an emotional piece of work, and one I didn't know what to expect from.The story is very basic, a scavenger who the game calls the Junker ends up in an abandoned city destroyed by a huge war that decimated most of the planet to look for supplies. In this city he ends up inside an abandoned Planetarium, where he meets a robot named Yumemi. She offers a projection for him of the night sky, something he has never had the chance to see, and agrees to fix the broken projector in order to get that reward.That's all the story summary I'll give, but suffice to say, it is quite good. However, I didn't really get very emotional until the last half-hour or so, but by then, I was most certainly bawling my eyes out. The main meat of the story is just the building relationship between the Junker and Yumemi, which is the only reason it works at all.In terms of graphics and sound, the game is fine. I wouldn't really say the music is anything too special, especially not compared to Key's other Visual Novels, but it gives just the right atmosphere and mood for each scene, so that it's not really that much of a problem. Yumemi and the backgrounds are fairly well drawn and detailed, and the game is fully voiced (Japanese only).The only big turn-off this game has is in it's length and asking price. As much as I recommend this story, $10 is areallysteep price for something that lasts all of 3-5 hours with very little replay value. Granted, I'm the kind of guy who can read stuff like this multiple times, but I can't speak for others. I'd recommend waiting for a sale on this one, but whether you pay full-price or discounted, this experience is well worth it."
,Recommended,316720,21956292,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SecretSarah,"The story was short and kinetic. I cried hard enough to worry my husband. I can't say anything bad about a short story that hits me so hard. Buy the game, grab some tissues, and enjoy."
76561198032547455,Recommended,316720,21948150,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,KmRkknN,"Might make you cry, just a heads up."
76561198286344772,Recommended,316720,21980593,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Demonic Paragon,"very beutiful story. a little weird at first, but i grew to love it.im man enough to say that, yes, i did cry  during it."
76561198114587501,Recommended,316720,22022062,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Grim,Worth buying. One of the best novels for me. Its a masterpiece.
,Recommended,316720,21047932,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Norgus,"This story is really touching, and conveys a sense of transience perfectly. Played through in both Japanese and English, and this was a really well written translation.I wish all localisations had this much effort put into them.The story? Really well depicted, as you get to see a world that once was through the people reflected in the memories of a cheerful android girl still diligently doing her job and calling out for customers.Prepare a box of tissues."
,Recommended,316720,21019999,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ice Maiden,Need to kill random people to feel all psycho again
,Recommended,316720,20946372,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,soggysadboi,"This is one of the most emotional things I've ever read. I absolutely enjoyed every moment of it.Key, you wonderful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you've managed to make me feel yet again."
76561198134984091,Recommended,316720,21637371,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,from2d,"Main menu BGM is the best thing ever, 10/10 would listen on repeat again."
76561198006269309,Recommended,316720,16180600,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,coean1984,"This a touching story of which i got engrossed in and thouraghly enjoyed looking, it is set in a post apolyptic world destroyed by people, and people called junkers trying to survive in this rain drenched wasteland this Junker came apon a planetarian and met a robot who works at the planetarian, I recommend it and i garrentee that you will be touched by this story, it has shown me in this kinectic novel what people have taken for granted in life and now suffer the consequences of there actions. you'll enjoy it :)"
,Recommended,316720,21641225,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Subject Infinite,"Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a beautifully written, moving visual novel.The writing is superb (if a little verbose at times - but I'll chalk that up to translation). I was drawn in from the very beginning. I loved the sound effects, the references to the rain and the foreshadowing was all very well done. The artwork was good, and helped to tell the story, especially when combined with the sound effects.The story is beautiful, and very poignant. WIthout revealing too much, it's a nice discussion about the ambitions and flaws of humanity. There is a very fitting score for the game, which fits the mood of the various settings, and really helps tell the story.Being a Visual Novel, there isn't anything to say regarding gameplay or controls - you just click your way through. The interface is easy enough to navigate and saving your game is easy. I played this with the steam controller - as it meant I could sit in bed and play. Anything you use to click your way through is fine.The VN does an excellent job of giving backstory, and building up characters and their relationships.. It's also very effective at setting a tone of isolation. I absolutely enjoyed this VN and it pressed all the right buttons for me. After I finished the story last night, I felt very quiet and reflective. Emotions abound.Simply superb."
76561198057380955,Recommended,316720,22035487,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rau456,"A tragic but beautiful story of a man trying to surive in a desolate and lonely world, and his encounter with an eccentric, innocent and heart-warming humanoid robot on the fringes of existence."
,Recommended,316720,22106158,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ForceEdge,planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~One of the most beautiful visual novels that I have had the pleasure to experience. If you have never played a visual novel; this is fantasic introduction to the genre with its agreeable length and emotional storyline.
76561198152212735,Recommended,316720,22171914,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bruce.. I mean Batman,"A beautiful little game. If you have 2hrs and want a game to move you, I would highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,316720,20171898,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wandering Scarecrow,>Got Recommended To This Game>Thought I'd play it on and off>Ran through in an entire night>My heart hurts now
,Recommended,316720,20239824,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grahammatical,I seem to have begun my own neverending rain made of tears. T_T
,Recommended,316720,20420084,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Grigio-o))),I will NEVER look at a bouquet the same way again.
76561198075184839,Recommended,316720,20532009,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,kami479,Many feels
,Recommended,316720,20045265,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DrOsaka,"You will cry. But please, please buy this, this is one of the best stories I have ever read. The art, music, and story are all beautifully done, and come together to make a truly beautiful visual novel. I wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a good, although sad, story. 10/10"
76561198023253406,Recommended,316720,19919728,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bart010101,"Key you did it again. A grown up man cried once again because of a story you made...It took me a little bit less than 5 hours but damn... They really know how to do great stuff. Amazing story, loveable character and TEARS! So many tears...."
76561198068005540,Recommended,316720,20052527,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Krelldin,"If nothing in this moves you to cry, you should look at your life and think hard.If you don't look forward to being made cry, out of beauty or sorrow, then don't buy this.If you are willing to cry for the sake of a wonderfull experiece of a visual novel that is not just another hentai, echi, harem, souless fap factory, by all means buy this.If you look at the screenshots and think: ""such lackluster art, what a simple interface,"" stop, buy this game and let it cherish and then crush your soul, then reflect on that previous though and realize what kind of monster you are for having judged this title by such standards.I don't care if you've had a horrible experience with VN's, this is something you should pick this up if you EVER have been curious about them.If this is your first VN, be prepared to be dissapointed by most others after this one.Now, won't you come to the planetarium?"
76561198179153541,Recommended,316720,20058474,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kurokami-Sama,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium?""I had only seen Key animes  and I'm not much to play games, so this was the first visual novel I had the pleasure of playing. I just finished it and I'm speechless, I can only say that for fans of  Key anime adaptations  this game keeps the unique touch and heartbreaking stories of other works of the company, and for which the as I decean good way to start in the world of visual novels, this game is totally recommended, by the lack extendión (3-5 hours of gameplay) and heartwarming story that we present in a wonderfull way.10/10"
76561198200118851,Recommended,316720,19961453,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tlst9999,"In case you need to generate more tears at a funeral, play this game."
76561198087822139,Recommended,316720,20075430,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Zero,"Thanks for making me cry again Key, this was their best work in my opinion, if the last few minutes of the VN don't have you crying than you are a robot incapable of crying unless rain drops fill up you eyes. *cries. This game will make you very ""unmanly"" with tears but the beautiful story is worth it. This game should be animated into a movie, I would buy that too."
,Recommended,316720,20634421,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,M o l o y,"It's a great visual novel! I can never look at the starry night sky the same way again. I cannot end my day without looking at the stars and be glad about how we can always see it, at least in this lifetime.If you’re looking for a visual novel that goes more on the character development rather than plot, this is definitely a must have!"
,Recommended,316720,20652769,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,UBCS Recruit Muffin,i crieda lot
,Recommended,316720,20554768,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SchattenoV,I really like this VN >.>
76561198150183370,Recommended,316720,20613600,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,CRTmatrix,"Short and sadly beautiful disclosure of dedicated AI, attachment and solicitude."
,Recommended,316720,22451801,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Shimirel,"""Short, sweet, unforgettable, and damn emotional."" what they said... You will cry!"
,Recommended,316720,22551106,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,the tee,Like tears in a rain
,Recommended,316720,22395323,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Wemilord,You will cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. And that is a good thing.
,Recommended,316720,22488510,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vekter,"A very good and short kinetic novel by the makers of Clannad. I enjoyed my time with it, and it's also an easy 100% achievement game."
76561198040560894,Recommended,316720,18593595,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Phoenix Steve,Beautiful. Simple. Well-written. Read it if you value having emotions.
,Recommended,316720,22714322,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The-Welcome-Matt,...It's a terrible day for rain
76561198041342780,Recommended,316720,22718493,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Arminillo,"They set you up real nice by making you think you don't care what happens, but then suddenly you do lol."
,Recommended,316720,22707244,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,xub313,A very good kinetic novel. About four hours long. Tissues are mandatory.
,Recommended,316720,25865117,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GrundleCunt,.
,Recommended,316720,25878630,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Narsil101,Come to the Planetarium!Great VN. I cried some.
76561198162713459,Recommended,316720,30892515,Posted: 1 April,all,kikoni,great
76561198148297995,Recommended,316720,27833010,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zodiark12,For people who want to buy this game keep in mind that this VN is not one in which you can make decision and take different routs which lead to different endings. You will basically sit about 4 hours in front of you screen and read text after text but if that does not bother you much than this game offers you a nice story and a great soundtrack which underlines the experience and story told in the game.
76561197977427711,Recommended,316720,27773842,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,egértetem,"One of the best VN out there.The story can really catch you and you just can't stop reading it.But be warned, at the end have some tissues next to you.Oh and there is an anime as well now, based on the story of the VN."
,Recommended,316720,23532451,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dango,From Key with tears.
,Recommended,316720,23550857,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,♫Silver♪ ➈,"Huh..this is werid, i felt something..is this called emotions?Why is water raining down from my eyes?"
76561198162703817,Recommended,316720,23644745,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,aim4thetop1,"I'm not at all the type to cry.Bought this game after hearing about how good Clannad is, despite it's art style. Still need to play that as of writing, but coming into the game, I trusted that it was going to be good. I was not at all let down. While I didn't cry, the mood that this kinetic novel, a game where there aren't any choices, had set was pretty obvious.Our protagonist starts off finding our female lead, Yumemi, as annoying, as she's quite the chatterbox. But after spending time with her, he gets used to her antics. And my god, I found her so adorable. Really reminds me of Koboshi from Let's Meow Meow, so now that I know of Yumemi's existence, I now have two robots who are easily best girls.I'm only 2 hours in, and haven't yet gotten through all of the chapters, but I have confidence the rest of the game will be good. As someone new to Ren'py, I really like the writing style. Haven't played other visual novels, it's interesting to note the way how a VN describes things. Steins;Gate and Corpse Party are perspective heavy, Nekopara (Volume 0 anyway) is dialogue heavy, while planetarian leans more towards description, although of course has dialogue as well.I don't really have anything else to comment about the game, other than addressing one of the reviews negatively posted, where the reviewer obviously expected this game to have endings to get. Lol. Sorry to say that's not what kinetic novels are. One's like these are more like reading an anime/manga than anything else, which is not a bad thing."
,Recommended,316720,23641464,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DarkMoS,"Short kinetic visual novel (~1.5h-2h) about a junker whose job is to retrieve valuable things from ruins in order to survive in a post-apocaliptical world. One day he ends up in a planetarium and he is welcomed by a robot...I'll be honest: it' s nice story but I don't think it's worth the full price tag, grab it when on sale."
,Recommended,316720,23782351,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Sun,Well worth every penny. Deep story. Did not cry though
76561198173928846,Recommended,316720,23245336,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Scyther2000,My heart can't take much more of this. Curse you Visual Arts/Key!
,Recommended,316720,14163607,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Prins Foo,"This is a story 'game' with no choices but a fantastic one. What makes us human? What gives us hope? What makes us cry? In large part, this game."
,Recommended,316720,22324889,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Maline,if you hate yourself and want to make yourself cry buy this game
,Recommended,316720,22333092,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Aceag,"Short yet unforgetable story. If you have 2-3 hours to kill, this is worth every minute of it."
76561198074980604,Recommended,316720,21961077,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mytiaoga,"""2,497,290th customer....""You'll always remember that."
76561198067033031,Recommended,316720,14495115,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Blackatz,"It is overall difficult to spoil when the game is so short. If you are still text-impatient, there is also an animated OVA that will cover the entire story. As one of Key's first games, it aged well and there was a quite a bit of concepts that will influence their later development. The post-apocalyptic world setting will resound in the Clannad: After Story, Angel Beats!, and especially Akane and Terra Route of Rewrite.The story is a simple one, a junker found a robot in a planetarium that has been long abandoned. In its core, a typical boy-meets-girl story, hopeful but with a bite. The presentation itself is masterful. World design is distinct but not far-reached, creating a mournful and mysterious mood. The strongest point is probably the character design. Both the visual and audio presentation is superb given the amount of interaction with the player. The weariness and indifference of the main character plays a perfect foil to the enthusiam and curiosity of Hoshino Yumemi, the robotic host.As short as it is, no words are wasted. Yet there is a slight sense of unsatisfactory:  you would think more robots would be around. Though the desolation was probably crucial to engage the story as a fairy tale of these two. For what it is worth, Planetarian is a bitter-sweet detour. You can quickly become emotionally invested but also quickly become emotionally detached. Compare to key's later work, the build-up is fast and the period of agonizing is rather minmal. Of course the later can leave a deeper mark, but Planetarian will do plenty."
76561198010130196,Recommended,316720,28278866,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dango Coléra,"2 Characters. Only 1 seen. One Mainly place. But a story like no other, signed by our beloved studio Key.Planetarian is maybe the shortest VN from Key but as for (examples) Clannad, Kanon, Air and the followings Little Busters! and Angel Beats!, the studio will bring you to a perfect feel trip. The storyline is great but this time, you will follow only 2 characters: Yumemi Hoshino, a cute little robot who is a little broken, and the Junker (the main protagonist whose name is unknown, and that you'll never see). That means that you'll really fast identifiate to this character, because you see with his eyes, but above all,  because your reflexion will grow with his reflexion: at first disinterest, worries, then curiosity, love, fear about the future, questioning... and sadness.A simple as it is, the ""strength of narration"" from the guys from the studio Key will drive you to an universe that, beyond fiction, reflects our real world. The hardness of solitude and the frontier between Human and Artificial Intelligence (Robots) are well developed: personally, for this last aspect, I find it way better than Ex:Machina, Person of Interest, -should I mention Terminator-, WestWorld and others shows that wants to develop this Philosophy. Planetarian is the perfect dosage of this reflexion (what is an human? what is a robot ? What is the sense of living, could Robots feel it ?), not too much, not too little, just what we need to end this Story having understood and learned from it, but still with our own interpretation.Oh, I think I'm a little bit chatterbox, just like Yumemi-chan :)You'll not regret this VN, and I greatly recommend you the anime adaptation, faithful yet short (2016, 6 little episodes).Now I want to know the sequel (a movie was released this autumn in Japan but there isn't any european release) !!!!"
76561198053344250,Recommended,316720,27676014,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cjfama00,"It's a Key Kinetic Novel, and on Steam? What are you doing reading reviews, just buy it already.Short, but sweet and touching, the story is a bit slow, but thanks to that, you get more attached to the characters.The music is just amazing, it soothes your heart, specially Gentle Jena.As for the characters, play it yourself.What more can I say, buy it and experience it yourself.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you"
76561198130302371,Recommended,316720,28030875,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BoredPlayer13,"It's a charming and bittersweet tale of a battle-hardened survivor who finds a short reprieve within the story's apocalyptic world in the form of a planetarium and an endearing robot humanoid. For those unaware of what this game is, it's a kinetic novel, basically it's a book. This one offers visuals, voice work, background music, and a save system, much like what you'd find in a modern visual novel, excluding any actions/choices to influence/change the story. Before I get into it a bit more, let me disclose that it's just been a bit over two years since I last played and that this is my first review, I rarely do this.Its presentation is a bit odd as it switches from small images to ones that fully fit the screen occasionally, which sort of gave the impression that you were a third party viewing the story on some screen but the narration and Yumemi appearing out of that screen suggests otherwise, which could take some of the immersion away. I've never had an issue with this though, it did look more clean and it helped reinforce the fact that I wasn't really in the Junker's shoes. The visuals are somewhat dated, there's not much I can say there other than that the art style does fit the atmosphere the story was going for. Speaking of dated, there is no options menu, so hitting the escape button will bring up them, but in the form of a right click menu. The voice work is in Japanese and is well done, but it can be turned off if desired. The background music is beautiful and does contrast heavily with the state of the world outside of the planetarium (save for a few tracks). The story is a bit short, lasting about 3-5 hours, so there won't be too much character development, and the ending is a cliffhanger (don't worry about that last part, more on that at the end).You'll likely notice I didn't give much to any details, like most things it should be experienced fresh with basic information, even if it may defeat the purpose of the review (...to be honest my only incentive for writing this in the first place was for the Steam Awards 2016, pathetic I know, but hey if my review helps gets just one person to buy this game, then I'm happy). Experienced ""otakus"" who managed to not find this won't find anything new, but it's a good read and I consider it a classic (I've done my share of watching/reading/playing, it's the only story that's actually managed to make me cry as much as I didand I knew what was coming).This game was supplemented with three ""drama"" discs, which gives more lore to the game, one an earlier memory from Yumemi, another a taste of what it was like during the war and the last included an epilogue and a story that parallels some concepts from planetarian; they are translated and are available on YouTube (big thanks to them). Anyway, that's it, I hope you'll come to the planetarium as well if you haven't yet."
76561198067958309,Recommended,316720,28034620,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,UWS | Armless Kirby,this is the closest a game has ever come to making me cry
,Recommended,316720,28072562,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aragoma[KiP],"A short and beautiful Kinetic Novel by Key.The bittersweet story of a scavanger in a post apocalyptic world looking for valuable items and instead finding something worth caring for.Why don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what.All the stars in the sky are waiting for you."
,Recommended,316720,27765602,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hollow,"Key , 10/10 would cry again"
76561198027592523,Recommended,316720,27645087,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Parrad11,"It's a short visual novel without any choices in the storyline, however that does not mean it is any less enjoyable.That said it may not be for everyone's taste; if you like feeling that emotional type feeling, give this a try.At the time of writing it's currently 50% off the normal price, what's there to lose?"
,Recommended,316720,33068477,Posted: 30 June,all,Xannari Ferrows,"There honestly aren't too many words to describe this, but that's okay. This is a very simple, straightforward, colourful, charming, and moving story.Those looking for a rather short but still enjoyable story set in a post-apocalyptic future, this is definitely for you.I'll say up front I give this a 9.5/10, and will leave it at that but below will be whyThe art style used in the illustrations of the city in which you roam are top notch. The use of very plain, washed over colour and shading combinations is a perfect match for the atmosphere of the abandoned, lifeless, crumbling city.It contrasts very well with the rather extensive palette used to illustrate the young lady you meet at the very start, whom is neither dull, nor lifeless, but it cheerful, pleasent, and comforting. The same goes for the starry sky in which the whole story is themed after.The music is in a league of it's own, constructed not to amaze you or blow you away, but to immerse you into the world of which you are experiencing, and to provoke you to empathize with the emotions of the protagonist, the young worker, and others.  If you ask me if it worked, I would say it did quite well.The story itself is very simple and easy to understand. That's what gives it a lot of it's charm though. It's hard to say this without spoiling a bit, but in a way, the story acknowledges the fact that it is simple and easy to understand, and incorperates that as part of the character development by giving the young girl ignorance to the state of the outside world, and the terrible fate it has endured for the past 30 years.On top of the well constructed plot, masterfully crafted music, and carefully chosen colour palette, it also just seems kinda realistic. This is something that I see happening easier than us becoming a utopian society. Maybe not this specifically, but the setting in which it takes place. It plays into how the protagonist thinks and feels, which in turn creates his whole character, setting the foundation for him to become dynamic, both in what he thinks, why he thinks it, and how he acts in general.What keeps me from a 10/10 though is in fact the main protagonist, however. I can't say with any certainty that what I am thinking here is how it is in the future this takes place, but his reaction to such a caring, attentive, and cheerful demeanor seems a bit too unrealistic, especially in the midst of the absolute chaos and havoc he has endured. It would have been more logical for him to at least appreciate such a demeanor that he thought was not possible in this world anymore, both in the beginning, and toward the end. This whole point however is ultimately not too important to the overall story, and in any case, it seems to build well around a rather dense characterSo overall, a very happy 9.5/10. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,316720,33389644,Posted: 8 July,all,Neki,As one would expect from key.
76561198114643092,Recommended,316720,33461259,Posted: 11 July,all,Pumpkin's Only Convictor,"""Why don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what...All the stars in the sky are waiting for you.""TL;DRThis game is a Masterpiece, you will cry, and you will never forget the story.Where to start?This game is a hidden gem on Steam. Though, it is my second time reading it when they released back in 2004 on a different console (back in the PSP). While it is a short game, I truly recommend this game. The game does start out slow and quite boring, but once you cross the line, you'd want to keep reading until to the end.You know, Visual Novels aren't particulary popular for the majority of the population, but I would say this has a very wonderful story that you would not forget. Though, there are times I wish I can forget the story and play it like it was my first time again. It may be my second time reading, I can't help but cry like ♥♥♥♥♥ after playing this all over again. Even though it's expected, this game is a masterpiece.It tells a tale between a Junker (scavenger) and a robot in a futuristic apocalyptic setting. It gives the Junker (and you) a new perspective about life."
,Recommended,316720,32260617,Posted: 7 June,all,Friends? Pffffffft.,I was not ready for that.
76561197991476198,Recommended,316720,32035994,Posted: 28 May,all,JonSnow,"Thought I wouldn't cry, was sorely disappointed.  4.9 out of 5 stars<3"
76561198055981406,Recommended,316720,32226001,Posted: 6 June,all,majinsteph,"It's been quite a long while since I played this game, but I still think about it from time to time, which is impressive since I seem to forget and move onto the next thing easily.  This game left quite a mark, well worth what I paid even though it took me only a couple hours to read it (I do read very quickly, and barely listen to the voices).This game is so short that even the slightest synopsis seems like spoilers, but this game had the highest TPM (Tears Per Minute) rate for me of any game I have ever played, and I love the ""crying game"" genre of visual novels.  The artwork was also fantastic, along with the music.  Really, everything about this game is so moving, so you may as well dedicate an afternoon to this masterpiece and just let those tears flow."
76561198132751953,Recommended,316720,25832174,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Glasses-Kun,Ever heard of a good Key Game without Jun Maeda? Here You go.Pros+Very good development of two main charactes+Nice Nakige feel even without the lord of Nakige's involved+Character interactions between Junker and Yumemi cuteCons-Open Ended (I Personally like it but...)-Steam Achieves came after I played it(Don't want another emotional rollercoaster!)8/10 If only my visit to a Planitarium was this memorable
76561198061307206,Recommended,316720,31798568,Posted: 16 May,all,Ruhan,It's a short and bitter-sweet story.   Good pick for a rainy day.
76561198061167241,Recommended,316720,32101050,Posted: 31 May,all,Ghostie,it was really goodmade me cry and stuff10/10
,Recommended,316720,32369846,Posted: 12 June,all,Larah,"The artwork, voices, music, and storyline for this visual novel were all perfect!"
76561198129411711,Recommended,316720,33736277,Posted: 22 July,all,Inconsistent Gamer,"planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~takes place in a dystopian future years after a devastating war ruined the environment and caused civilization to collapse. In this world, almost all of humanity has perished. The story is told from the perspective of an anonymous ""Junker,"" a man going around scavenging for supplies and trying to survive. He comes across an abandoned building in a dead city and encounters something that he does not expect. It is a young woman, who turns out to be a robot, named Yumemi Hoshino, the cheery guide for a department store's planetarium. He is at first annoyed by her, but ends up spending time in the planetarium recuperating while trying to repair the main projector so Yumemi can show him the stars.This game is a kinetic novel, a type of visual novel with no branching storylines and only one ending. If you listen to all of the dialogue, I would estimate it would take around four hours for the average person to complete the game.Considering that the game was originally released in 2004, some aspects of it may seem a little dated. However, this is not an issue as this is a story-driven game. The art overall is pretty good, even if it is rather limited. The backgrounds are all very well done and really evoke the post-apocalyptic setting. Only one character really appears in the game, that of Yumemi, which is a little disappointing, but it is not really a problem as this game has a very minimalist cast.The audio in the game works well, too. The music all around is good and really help sets the mood, even if the mood in many of the scenes is more on the dark or sad side. The game's dialogue is also fully voice in the original Japanese which is enjoyable to listen to.As with most visual novel games, the main thing is the story. I found the story here to be a well-written science fiction story about a robot lost in a world that she cannot possibly comprehend and her human companion. As this game is on the shorter side, I want to avoid spoilers.In conclusion, this is an interesting kinetic novel. Considering the length, it is up to you to decide if it is worth the full asking price of $9.99. I purchased it on sale. Either way, this emotional game is definitely worth the play for fans of visual novels."
,Recommended,316720,33747326,Posted: 23 July,all,Raven,"I criedSeriously one of the, if not the, most beautiful and touching stories I've read through. The music and sounds are also very well made and the visuals don't really add anything but are still nice.If i had a buck for every goosebump this game gave me I wouldn't have to work for the rest of my life"
,Recommended,316720,33759176,Posted: 23 July,all,nodamnbrakes,"If someone says, ""get wrecked (wrekt?),"" they may be suggesting you play Planetarian and they wouldn't be wrong --It's good and you will likely be ""wrekt."" A breezy, but certainly not light, VN that can be finished a day; i'd actually suggest this this for somenone who is interested in the genre but unsure of where or how to begin. It's a powerful, linear, lovely narrative experiene.  Simply fantastic."
,Recommended,316720,32419229,Posted: 14 June,all,Retro,"A great short story. Really enjoyed planetarium. I was a little disinterested at first, but glad I continued through the VN as it was definitely worth it. CG and music fit perfectly.If you like shorter VN's this is certainly one to have in your collection.8/10"
,Recommended,316720,34969510,Posted: 15 September,all,Neptune,"planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a heart-touching story about a junker and a robot that was left-behind wen disaster struck.The graphics seem a bit dated and there is not much to see at all; planetarian is mostly story-driven with only a few depictations of landscrapes and characters.The music is exceptionally well done for this title; it is a shame that the OST isn't readily available.For people who enjoy reading such visual novels I can only recommend to get planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~. If it is on sale, you really shouldn't miss out on this!""Why don't you come to the planetarium?The beautiful twinkling of eternity that will never fade, no matter what...All the stars in the sky are waiting for you."""
76561198287443363,Recommended,316720,34665156,Posted: 1 September,all,nitit9026,"Planetarian is a short visual novel story. The person who play have nothing to do but to  read and listen. This game has a simple story but, it can describe the feeling well. Soundtrack is great to."
76561198400402053,Recommended,316720,34653483,Posted: 1 September,all,Kirigiri Kyouko,"Rating: 8/10 (""Very good"")Recommended for: People who enjoy VNs, people who enjoy post-apocalyptic futures, people who enjoy crying with their novels. I would recommend this to a first time VN reader.Planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ is a visual novel that is about 4 hours long. It has no choices to make and, for that matter, a small number of CGs. Most of the backgrounds themselves are well-drawn. A lot of them have a perpetual rain filter overlayed upon them, given the setting. There are also times, however, where the background is either pitch black, dark grey, or white. One one occasion, this is used to good effect -- the main character is closing his eyes and sees nothing -- however, other times, it feels a little bit cheap.The soundtrack is adequate. The voice actors really carry the novel -- both the heroine, Hoshino Yumemi, and the unnamed narrator, are voiced. Yumemi is a very pleasant and joyful character, though she can get a bit annoying at times. The narrator is actually fairly enjoyable to read about as well and feels realistic given his situation.Planetarian's plot is rather simple. Many years into the future, humankind has basically destroyed itself through war. The main character stumbles upon a derelict planetarium that is semi-functionable. This planetarium contains none other than Yumemi. Thus begins the two's interactions as they grow closer together.It is ultimately a tragedy, and I certainly cried toward the end. That is its main shtick -- the novel wants you to cry for the fate of its characters, for their potential futures. It succeeded with me, but your mileage may vary. The novel also has some philophical themes regarding the existence of robots and humans living among one another.Overall, I would recommend picking up Planetarian on sale, as othewise you may feel disappointed given the lack of multiple endings and overall short length. For its length, it is a very good visual novel."
76561197971466246,Recommended,316720,34640060,Posted: 31 August,all,dragonikSC,"Loved it. Don't forget there is a short series of this, and a movie to wrap those eps and adds a continuation.Damn you Key VN, and your division of manliness threatening onion ninjas, you did it again."
