user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,316970,18391503,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,(+[__]::) Stovich,"A terrible game developed by an obnoxious jerk. I was the first player to write a negative Steam review of The Waste Land (in September of 2014). My review was sincerely critical of the game's glaring flaws, and the Italian developer, Fledermaus, had his friends in Italy follow and attack me everywhere they could on Steam for about a month.When I posted my original review, within one day my review was swamped with about a dozen childish insults written in broken English by various degenerates living in Italy. Sure enough, these were Fledermaus's lackeys coming to aid him. In the first 24-hour period, my Steam review of The Wasteland had 19 downvotes, 2 upvotes, and comments like ""Gues ur wrong!"", ""If it is bad why is youre review so hated."", ""Try righting a rel review.""It didn't stop there. Almost daily I was getting harassed with insults from random Italians on my public Steam profile. I got fed up with the attention, so I took the review down, especially seeing as how the indie game was already an enormous financial failure.Comments still trickled in on my profile for a couple days, with stuff like ""Why you take the review down?"", ""Upset cuz your review suks?"" before finally stopping.Hopefully next time Fledermaus makes a game, he will focus less on attacking his customers, and focus more on making a fun game.==THE NEW REVIEW==The Waste Land is an awful game that should not be played.  I spent over 12 hours in The Waste Land, wasting my time 100%'ing the game just to dispel any notion that I misunderstood the game.  Never have I been so bored exploring a metroid-style game.  The environments are unnecessarily gigantic and empty. The whole game world takes about 40-minutes to traverse end-to-end, and yet it still feels stripped of content. The monsters sprinkled across the game are pathetic and easy to avoid, and the lack of any coherent level design makes the whole game feel like a bloated, disorganized mess. The only aspect of the game that is not horribly inadequate is the outdoor visual design. Unfortunately, the crudely drawn enemy sprites negate the effect that the environment backgrounds create.I would also like to point out that the game contains random acts of sex, prostitution, nudity, and implied♥♥♥♥♥♥ In the game world, you are the king of the land, and you are entitled to free sex in any of this sad kingdom's brothels. This is all offered without any context or reason, so it comes across as randomly shoved into the game as poor fan-service. The girls aren't even pretty."
76561198007636529,Recommended,316970,13252573,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fafnir67,"An 8 bit Metroidvania with a massive world, but rough around the edges and monotonous.Pros:No hand holding.Massive interconnected map mostly open from the get go.Great Nes castelvanina aesthetic with a day and night cycle.Huge Bosses.Cons:Focuses too much on combat, with few environmental or platforming puzzles. You mostly go from point A to point B or die trying.All upgrades bar 2 are damage and life upgrades.Enemy variety a tad too low.Late game there are no incentives to fight enemies as they drop no money nor experience (While that negates any form of grinding it is still an issue).Some bugs, mostly benign (crashed twice, music disappeared rarely).Hyper Subjective Notes:I wish there were more music tracks in the game (there are about 8 tracks).Tackling  bosses under equipped can be a very very long slog.The final boss was underwhelming.Some limited form of fast travel might have been nice, mainly to search for secrets in a swifter manner (or to negate pointless enemy encounters late game as mentioned above).Sparse writing was better than expected.Who Should Get It:Fans of 8 bit 2d action RPGs such as Castlevania 2, Zelda 2, Faxanadu or Clash at Demon Head, as this game emulates and surpasses all those titles in some ways. Other buyers need ask themselves whether they prize exploration above all  elements of a game, as travesing the massive 8 bit world is The Waste Land's best feature, not its secrets nor its combat.7.5"
76561197995867380,Recommended,316970,12866979,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,That Damnable Mr. Munkee,"Great game, crafted with a lot of love and perfect recreation of what made 1st gen metroidvanias so fun back in the day.   This game plays well and has a great atmosphere, plenty of exploring and gearing and period perfect music.   Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,316970,17441427,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"I was playing this game a bit, but the game was really bad, its boring, enemies are not rewarding, music is annoying repetitive. You can only play this game with a resolution that is like 600x800. Entirely zoomed in. You can't change this. So you better turn off the ""friend logs in, or plays that game"" because otherwise 1/4 of ur screen will be filled with that message. Sometimes the melee actions are a bit clunky. The dead animation of enemies are okay. I really enjoy playing metroidvania games, but this game just doesn't have it. I don't really feel that im progressing at all.I even got this game at a discount (72 cent) and still i have refunded it.1/10"
,Recommended,316970,12289198,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"I was a bit skeptic on this game after reading few reviews that said it is boring as a metroidvania, i was born in the early 80's so i know what they are talking about,  but i bought it and tried it myself and i have to admit that despite its limits, (no markets in the city, the power ups are limited to health boosts, a pair of boots and weapons) is a good game, it gave me the right amount of nostalgic feelings and i had my dose of fun, i can't understand the people complaining about many screens being fillers because i don't find it boring at all, maybe a bit repetitive but i'm used to this sort of games and stands upon its aspects. I'm still at the beginning, just beated boss 1, the giant worm, but i'm looking forward to complete this game, the only aspect i didn't like much is the difficulty in finding spawn points after the first boss, for example if I need to quit the game, because i'm suddenly busy, i loose all my progresses as i should spend 30-40 minutes around the map finding a spawn point to save the game. In any case it's a good title, worth the cash it costs."
,Recommended,316970,13270601,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eclipse,"Very fun and moody metroidvania. Huge world and a deep sense of exploration and discovery and nintendo-hard gameplay.The most similar game I can think of is probably Castlevania 2 on the NES, only better and in a world that feels much bigger. Get it only if you are a true retrogamer and like that kind of gameplay, you aren't going to be disappointed."
76561197982371705,Recommended,316970,12125798,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,vizualartist,"This game is pushing nostalgia buttons that I wasn't even aware I had.  I don't remember playing this in the '80s nor have I read the poem.  Whoever dug this up, good show!The 8-bit yet sophisticated graphics, dark and purposeful palette, chiptune music, mature and frightening enemy design, and cryptic and quirky dialogue show the developer's intimacy with that era's games that most ""retro"" games miss.  It very much plays like an adult oriented NES Castlevania, Star Wars, or Battle of Olympus minus the screen flickering of those old cartridges.People who need constant direction and rewards will be turned off that you need to do a lot of exploring on your own and each swing of your weapon doesn't bestoy you with xp or loot.  The upgrades are static and required to progress to new areas like in Metroid.  There's no xp or random gear loot, just rotten meat that will hurt you for even expecting such things.I played past the first of five world bosses and will be playing this game to completion and I can already recommend it for anyone who wanted more from those days."
76561197994873233,Not Recommended,316970,22148766,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,WereWind,"This is the first time I have ever written a negative review. The game is just that bad.I mean I was trying to overlook its glaring weaknesses - the repetitive soundtrack (eight 30-second loops that get old really fast). The fact that you can't mute the music. The worst writing I've seen in a game. The massive areas that had nothing but hordes of boring enemies you have no incentive to fight. The ""exploration"" aspect that most of the time ended you in massive enemy-filled dead-end. After all, this is an indie game and the core combat was somewhat solid.And then I reached the end. And in the end there was a boss. And I just realised - hey, at a certain point of development the dev thought that fighting this guy would be fun experience. And that moment he lost all credibility in my eyes.Without spoiling anything - it's a luck mission. He has means to draw out the fight almost indefinitely, attacks without any delay or setup and in his second phase he can punish you for attacking him regardless of your actions - basically attack him and get randomly hit for massive damage.Overall the game has not been fun experience and I've played for 8 hours just out of some perverted curiosity."
,Not Recommended,316970,21795387,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,B.Mo,"I love Metroidvanias. Probably my favorite genre. Couldn't play this for more than an hour because of the one audio track that constantly plays.I can deal with the random drops sometimes being posiononous (and even killing you),  brutal difficulty, repetive enemies, fall damage that just KILLS you (never seen that in this genre before, probably because it is obnoxious), terrible jump mechanics (if you press down while mid-air you just drop like a stone), and sluggish controls, but I just cannot deal with that one audio track. I find it kind of funny considering how good the title audio track is.Realy glad I bought this on sale because there is a very good chance I will not be loading this again. Absolutely would not reccomend. It's not even so bad it's good, it's just bad."
76561197971291045,Not Recommended,316970,22713324,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Thrill,"I can only recommend this to people who are smitten with the art style and the Eliot/Fraser allusions and who also loved the stiffness of the early Castlevanias so much that you'd play a game that chose to impose that limitation on itself.For me at least, a Metroidvania comes down to rhythm, and this does not leave room for rhythm. Combat is largely a jumping straight up in the air, seeing if an enemy enters the range of your sword, maybe scoring a hit, then repositioning and jumping straight up in the air. An initial frustration with the tiny hit area of your starting weapon gives way to boredom once you learn the patterns of the three or four enemy types (in the opening stages), at which point everything becomes a slog.A perfect example: There is this terrifying, gigantic fire-breathing zombie dog that is maybe seven or eight times the size of your character. You walk up to and go ""oh man, I am gonna get wrecked by that."" After one such encounter, you will have discovered the completely foolproof strategy for defeating it, which is to stand perfectly still and mash the stab button in order to stun lock it until you hit five times. (This does not take precise timing, and because of invincibility frames, this takes a solid four or five seconds. That sounds like a ridiculous complaint, but the time spent standing there just ruins any sense of fluidity or rhythm.)It's one thing to ask you to grind through enemies that are more annoying than challenging, but there doesn't seem to be any reason behind the grind. There's no experience or money or anything like that. The only thing that enemies drop is food that restores HP that you lost to other enemies you didn't have any reason to fight. They're just an impediment, which is so much worst in an exploration-heavy game that has you clearing the same screens several times in order to make progress.Oh and the music that plays through the opening areas is just awful and repetitive and somehow both droning and intrusive, yet it goes on forever without variation.Again, gorgeous game. Lots of beautiful grace notes (there's a brief character moment in the cathedral that isn't to be missed), and maybe for you there's an 8-bit nostalgia factor. I wish I wanted to finish this."
,Recommended,316970,12480759,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,It's basically a less linear Castlevania 2 with better controls and no grinding for money.  Tries to be artsy or something.  You literally go on a sidequest up your own colon halfway through.  The final boss is the sole difficulty spike.
,Recommended,316970,16223274,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Hem,"This game is a love or hate work. And I say work, because the work put into it by only one man is anything but unnoticeable. Made with lots of heart and dedication, very very well drawn pixel design. Now this game is a love letter to old games. But do you know old games? Many sucked! Many had poor level design, poor gameplay, poor difficulty curve... but we still played these as kids, because that was all we knew, and thought it was great! This game is about that. It is not just ""a la metroid"" with modern gameplay or revamped level design. No. It IS oldschool content in EVERYTHING. I hate arty movies that try themselves in black and white or in silent mode, but with all the rest that looks fake and new, ""because it is modern times"". This developer here thought of doing an old game, like old game. And that's it. Plus, he enjoyed Eliot and his tale, and it is true that the atmosphere in this game IS unique, and peculiar. Objective definitely successful, I would say. You have to understand all these to enjoy that game. As a video game in modern terms, I would not recommend that game because it is not good. Gameplay and level designs are mediocre. And I do not care if it is intentional or not. All I see is the final product, which I decided to take as a work in shape of a love letter to old games, period. In that, it is a very nice experience. Do recommend this experience. Looking forward to see more works from this man if only it can be improved."
,Not Recommended,316970,22113095,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mikaroni,I was hoping to like this game. I decided that I would put it down and play it later when I had more time to get into it. It was then that I realized there was no way to exit the game properly. You have to minimize and force quit.
,Not Recommended,316970,21560874,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,-CHA- Vick McBread™ ze KEKISTANI,Based off the positive and negative reviews. I'm ashamed I even bought this.
76561198259688516,Recommended,316970,21411823,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,andreas7100,"I believe this is a unique and atmospheric adventure. The unusual but effective music sets up a somber and dead serious tone. The world in which this game takes place is meant to be bleak. I believe it shares some common traits with Castlevania 2, such as towns and the overall adventure aspect. As a lifelong gamer, I have a preference for pixel art and bit-mapped games. This game definitely targets the nostalgic segment of players who prefer the old vs the new. I am very thankful for the indie revolution in gaming, without it we wouldn't see games like this. It may not be for everyone, but I thought this was a unique and atmospheric effort."
76561198054519435,Recommended,316970,22917960,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,drdouglasdark,"For me this game is very reminiscant of the games I would play on the Spectrum or early Nintees pc.  Games that didn't hold my hand to get me through the game but made me think about how to get through an area.   I'll admit that I have gotten to a point (Fighting the whale) and after many trys have gotten a bit frustrated.  But in all honesty I think I have overreached and need to explore a bit more and find something!   The game has dark tones but the fodder design (Killing Giant Slugs and Tortoise) is a bit lame!I Bought this around the same time as I bought Shovel Knight and have had coversations about which is better and my argument has always been that even though they are both good, it's like comparing Mario to Castlvania 2 Simons Quest!If you like games and gaming you may like this!  If you are a Gamer and want a Pre Metroidvania style challenge I'd recommed this!"
,Not Recommended,316970,23561244,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,asz,"I wanted to like this game so bad, but there isn't even the courtesy of a game over screen. If you die you literally have to exit to the main menu. Can't program a reset button? Really?"
76561198028847814,Recommended,316970,19106605,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cold_One,"First, i  want to appologayse for the many english mistakes i am about to do in the writting of this rewiew, for english is not my first language.There is really a lot in this game, good and bad. Even if I really enjoyed playing it, and would recomend it warmly, I understand lots of people would not. Indeed, this atmospheric matroidvanian game has lots of pros and cons, that i am going to summerize below.First, the cons:The game is real hard, and the dificulty is not allways well ballanced. As the game is open world with really few indications, u can easly take the wrong turn and end repetivelly dying against small beasts or gigantic deamons alike.Some boss are just Far too long to fight. It would have been beter if the life of both the hero and his foes could be divided by two.Plus, like in most metroidvanians, you can end up totaly lost and need to look up on the internet to know what is next.Finaly, it is pixel art. I know many people wont like it.Then, the Pros:The gameplay is mostly good. It is actually a greate metroidvania, with a gigantic open world to exlore and lots of secrets to find. The enemies can somtimes become repetitive, but in most place they are a real interesting chalenge. And the bosses are well desined and interesting to fight.The Scenario of the game is well thought, intresting and mysterious, and most of all the universe has a greate well imagined background. As it is an open world, You will be able to travell across your kingdom in many environement complexs and interestings, with severals strange cityes with each an esthetics and somme back stories.Finaly, the atmosphere is Awsomme. As you are arpenting the kingdom you doomed, both the musics and the graphics will help you feel the an embiant sadnnes. I particulary apreciated the gigantic landscapes you can see in the north, with pines forests and snowy peaks.So to conclude,I would totally recomend that gameI liked , mostly because of its ambience and scenario. Even if the gameplay is not perfect, i really liked its chalanging simplicity. It is original, unusual, but somhow disturbingly brillant. Ad absolutelt unique. Buy it on the next deal!"
76561198043121932,Recommended,316970,18184595,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jon Snow,The music is 9.5/8
76561198072182182,Recommended,316970,16940991,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"I recommend the game when it's cheap.  It has some great atmosphere, with dashes of Vampire Hunter D and Miyazaki's Nausicaa, but it gets really tiresome in spots.  The problem is that there is too much featureless open space (save the cool background graphics) between location nodes and no fast travel, so you walk and walk and walk and walk before you get to the next important quest -- and lord help you if you get off of the beaten path!  It may take nearly an hour to get back on the right track again.The story is pretty cool, though, and most of the boss battles are pretty neat.  Developer Fledermaus obviously has no problem whatsoever cooking up great game assets or scenarios; they just need to concentrate on improving their level design.  If they keep that in mind for their next game, It is sure to be an unqualified winner.(Interestingly enough, though many parts of the game were tryingly tedious when I just simply sat on the couch and played, my one-hour stationary bike sessions blazed by ultra-quick, quicker than when I play more exciting games.  Yeah, a real funny feeling of time dilation . . .  Maybe I felt like I was pedaling through those monster-infested wastes with the guy, eh?)"
76561197995669628,Recommended,316970,31231279,Posted: 18 April,all,Sorokonojka,"The Waste Land imitates Castelvania2 in gameplay format with some Metroid-inspired exploration. If you enjoyed playing obscure games on Genesis and NES you will probably get a kick out of it. Many developers use retro graphics with modern gameplay but this game uses retro graphics and retro gameplay. Some younger folks may not realize it but a lot of the problems with this game are intentional (because it tries to recreate cryptic platformers of the past ) Good game if you wearing nostalgia glasses but there are some major problems that could have been fixed easily.This game has limited open-2D world. You will not get a lot of help navigating but the formula is very simple. Basically, you just run aimlessly until something happens or you find a power-up that allows you to go to new places. I enjoyed the no-hand-holding aspect of the game but excessive backtracking and lack of fast-travel made it a lot more tedious. On that note, I would not recommend this game if you expect the game to tell you where to go .Pros:+A retro love letter to the mediocre feel of obscure NES/Genesis games. Unintuitive by today's standards but also refreshing.+Pretty good animation especially when you kill enemies.+Lots of enemy types with different mechanics. So many annoying Birds damn it ( Castlevania tribute no doubt )+Some funny dialogue .+Kind of open world. Well, not exactly but it is a large game.+Good amount of things to find.+Decent platforming elements+Good level design for the most part.+Overall I think the game is presented well.Cons:-Combat is completely Meaningless. The game gives you no reason to ever fight anything beside bosses. You will not feel like fighting carefully because there are no limited continues.-Lots of Backtracking. That alone kills the game. You can easily spend 1 hour going the wrong way or in circles.-Confusing/Cryptic goals.-One save file. I accidently overwrote mine by checking out the tutorial.-I like the music but you only get one per map so you will hear a loop for hours .-Lack of fast travel.-Not much to do in towns. I wish there was some store system.Verdict: 6/10You will probably like it if you into exploring dark corners of old consoles (it does a good job of re-creating that kind of game nobody plays). The Waste Land is too big and tedious to not have fast-travel. I am not gonna spend 10 hours jumping over enemies that I have no reason to kill. Not having any incentive for combat kind of makes the game obsolete .Not a terrible game but some small design changes could have made it so much better."
76561198123773780,Recommended,316970,15330136,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,POCKET SAND,"It has problems which have been discussed in other reviews, and those are certainly legitamate. I think it's worth it, though. It has a cool story and a really neat Metroidvania world puzzle. Get it on a sale."
,Recommended,316970,14492027,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,AlexisDeBROocqueville,"I generally don't review games, but i feel like this is a good exception. I bought this game soley because of its source material, The Wasteland by T.S. Eliot. If you are a literature nerd like me, and you are familiar with the poem, you may enjoy this game. I definitely felt like it has its flaws though, the game isn't perfect, and sometimes the connection to the wasteland is pretty thin. Overall, if you love that old school Castlevania type gameplay, and really want more Wasteland related stuff, buy this when it is on sale. If you want a great and original game, just play the first castlevania."
,Not Recommended,316970,21188570,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bicou,Didnt really like this one. PRetty boring and repetitive. Next !
,Not Recommended,316970,32667282,Posted: 22 June,all,JustAnotherDecoy,"I was curiously on the fence about recommending this, but decided, no, not really... I wouldn't suggest anybody drag themselves through this game.It was a fun experience for the first hour or so, really brought the NES nostalgias rushing in for a while.  The music blasted straight out of some unkown cartridge from the 80's, the dozens of unidentifiable ""townsfolk"" types milling the towns that serve... what purpose?  The enemies lie in wait against backdrops that sometimes hide them, perhaps, unintentionally well, due to limited color pallettes.  Our hero, the deposed king, cloaked in green, wielding a sword and bow to get to the bottom of this entire befuddled mess.  Wandering the barren landscapes for hours on end in search of those ♥♥♥♥in' bomb arrows!  Goddamn, you need those friggin' things to advance, WHY ARE THEY SO WELL HIDDEN?!!  A mysterious and mystical old man who guides the hero against all odds to defeat the creeping evil and regain his throne, but can the magician be trusted?!!No.Do not seek the treasure.This game will hurt any nostalgias it may thraten to tickle; it is not a pleasant experience to carry through to completion.DO NOT SEEK THE TREASURE."
76561198051519930,Not Recommended,316970,13345443,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,El Jayyed,"I hope you like walking because that is all you are going to do in this game.The game is set in a world that is too big for it, and there isn't much to do in it. There are enemies that you can kill, but they are the most meaningless enemies you'll ever encounter. They are just there to stop from walking, not to entertain you. I personally kept jumping over enemies to skip them.This game is just a travesty of metroidvanias. Avoid it unless you like exploration games without the exploration element.4/10"
,Not Recommended,316970,12184470,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Exfauxsure,"Feels like wasted potential. Some sprite animations are very good while some are flat and lifeless. Some level designs are decent while some are flat and boring. Game input feels workable but not satisfying. Music starts promising but ends up a lifeless droning loop. Everything about it says ""good start and then rushed out"" which is disappointing, especially for such a high price tag."
,Not Recommended,316970,14409387,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kowalth,"2/10Recommeded by a Curator... Sigh...I bought it 'cause it was on $1.49 USD (85% discount). The game lacks of mechanics, the controls are messed up. I'm using a XBOX 360 controller and I have to jump with A buttom, and main attack with B instead of X, and I even can't change the configuration. The soundtrack is way TOO repetitive and bad quality, it feels annoying playing it for +10 min.You feel like playing Castlevania II, but non-linear, bad soundtrack and sound effects, lack of customization, and the dialogues from the NPC are pointless. There's no point killing monster since there's no reward, and the drops made by monster harm you instead of giving some benefits. lolI cannot recommend this game at all, to be honest. At least for the moments. It needs A LOT of improvements."
,Recommended,316970,13855863,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SkySatan,"It is one of the most unique Metroidvania style games you will ever have the pleasure of playing, and a dream come true to for longtime fans of Castlevania. Those who have the desire and discipline to venture bravely into the world of The Waste Land can consider themselves to be a rare and fortunate breed of gamer."
76561198101063518,Not Recommended,316970,19651791,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sir Dshimshi,-10/10
,Recommended,316970,14492127,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,wayne,"Really great for the older gamers.. younger ones may be hesitant.. but I highly recommend.. Classic adventure, not a lot of hand holding.. get out there and explore."
,Recommended,316970,13482253,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TruPointmλn,"Quite interesting. The dialogue being used from the poem is what really makes this for me.""April is the cruelest month.."""
76561197970580312,Not Recommended,316970,12128484,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Andrew,"What I liked most about this game is that once it began I felt like a kid with an impulse to call my grade school buddies saying ""hey I just got this awesome new game that lets you play a king that looks like Aragorn with the cloak and everything."" Also,The Wastelanddid ""well"" at combiningMetroidlike items or equipment with aCastelvaniaopen world, if you can remember back toSimon's Quest. I also appreciated the little pun on choosing level of difficulty. Difficulty selection philosophically points at how older games are better at challenging players. Finally, the credits were done in an interesting way too.However, there are enough reasons I cannot recommend purchasing this game. I won't go into the particulars, but the main one is that I imagined a retro open world would have had more substance. Retro City Rampage already paved the Retro open world and any indie developers must ask what can we do equal or better? Next, what is going on in this story? By that I mean the NPCs were either too vague or they were pointless. I went into a town, okay now what? I went into the woods and there were creatures who attack me and now what? There didn't seem to be any reason to kill anything aside from seeing it die, which is interesting, but it invokes no plot. Also, I am wary of having to traverse a big open world. Lets rephrase that, a big seemingly empty-ish open world. It's well designed from the looks of it and with a very cool overland map, but not much makes me want to visit the locations on it. It seems logical that there may be an item that allows a player to fast travel, or perhaps a Mario Brother style warp spot. However, without some reassurance I am not drawn into the story enough to find out. Perhaps NPC townies could illustrate what kind of interesting items we will be able to find; it's not like they are doing much else. Perhaps NPCs could do things we didn't see in the 1980s such as they could change the PC's appearance. Or maybe they do that later in the game but there isn't much driving me to find out. Do the NPCS ever attack the player? Do they ever attack each other? They certainly have sex with the player which is cool. I would liked to have seen a 12 bit Witcher style cut scene of my player in the brothel, but maybe that's beyond the budget. Perhaps NPCs serve a greater purpose and I haven't unlocked this yet? However, what is it that is compelling me to find out? What would compel a player to explore this really awesome open word universe? If the player's answer is: I'm going to have to put some more painful hours in so I can find out. Then maybe some fundamental concepts should be adjusted or redrawn."
,Not Recommended,316970,13511357,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vuud,"I wanted to like it but...It wouldn't let me. Sounds good on paper, but just fails on all fronts. Graphics are not ""pixel art"" or whatever indie darling buzzword you want to use, they're just ugly. The music is downright GRATING; seriously, just turn it off and play something you like in the background. Gameplay itself is simplistically boring and repetitive. Games that are 20 years old are more nuanced and imaginitive than this. Save your money. This feels like a game made on the cheap, turned around for a quick buck."
76561198065813538,Recommended,316970,12249985,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jcomm_Omry,"the wasteland is a very odd game. the game is good its not bad. the game try to capture the castlevania feeling but it just not enough. the wasteland is a game when you are always thinking like ""what the F am i doing?!"""
76561198031870137,Recommended,316970,12144654,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,djguardian0311,"I've played over 4 hours so far, and this game is definitely playing on my nostalgia. If you are looking for a metroidvania type game, then this is definitely for you! Be warned though - the game is tedious at times with a lot of backtracking and tough enemies. I found myself yelling F#ck at the screen more than once... But that feeling you get when you defeat a boss is so good. The game picks up after the first hour, if you have the patience to explore and discover crucial items. Other than the slow pace at times, items dropped by dead enemies can take a little too long to appear, but other than that it is a great game. A must buy!"
76561197974986332,Recommended,316970,12362365,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,danbosonline,"cannot save games now , but it is fun to play , steam said delete my profile unable to do that, oh well."
,Not Recommended,316970,14172391,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,A retro style game that managed to replicate the really bad games we played as a kid.
,Not Recommended,316970,15517810,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Galetoloco,crappy game controls don't work.
,Recommended,316970,17292290,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,Women Death Monsters Nudity69/69Am I right!?!...is this thing on?
,Recommended,316970,17268771,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Roehm,"If you like Castlevania 2, this game is for you. Be warned!"
76561197969591532,Not Recommended,316970,12125447,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,kiwistalk,"Uh... wtf?Game: Here's how you play.  Cool?Me: Oh yeah, this is awesome!Game: Want to play through the credits!? That's like totally super awesome!Me: Yeah... I've done that once or twice.  It's neat.  Totally.Game: The graphics and music are totally old school greatnees.  The story is high class and based off poetry! Love me!!Me: ... ok, sure, I'm digging this.  I love this stuff... there's typo's and stuff but whatever, it's the thought that counts.Game: Great... now go kill something you're not supposed to...Me: ... *kill*Game: Good, now there's this random man/woman that's gonna tell you to fix what you did.Me: ... *read dialog*Game: Have fun! A woman made this!!!11!Me: ... hmmm.... yeah, this isn't me anymore.  We should see other gamers.  *burns $8*"
,Not Recommended,316970,31895357,Posted: 21 May,all,Paleknight,"It would be good, but it has so many issues not to mention feels very slow for it's pace or lacking in variety. I thought this would be good due to it's style of metroidvaniaish gameplay. Well thats what I thought at first however I got turned off from pretty much certain aspects of the game. For example not knowing where to go and ending up at deadends where I didn't have double jump yet. Which you have to get at a tower which requires pixel perfect jumping.If the game requires perfect pixel jumping that is kinda of an issue specially with bats that home in on you when aggroed. I wouldn't mind the bats, but when you need pixel perfect jumps to get somewhere that is a problem. Not to mention once I got to the top of the tower I jumped down from the very top and died instantly from fall damage which I didn't know could happen, forcing me to get back up again to get the item.The music doesn't change alot which can get extremely annoying when scrolling around the game looking for where to go first. Kills the mood really fast after walking through the woods or going into towns. Even the sound and animation with the main character's attack if off. I would give this a 5/10 It's ok, but not great specially for how long it takes to get one item which you wouldn't know unless you found that one npc to give you the hint or sumble upon it by accident. Curse of Issyros is actually better than this. Also the price for this game is kinda much due to it's quailty I know it had work put into it, but needs patching and fixes."
,Not Recommended,316970,31407632,Posted: 27 April,all,madcapbeatitude,"The Wasteland is an interesting concept, and to the game's credit the prologue raised my hopes higher than proved deserved.For what I paid (like a dollar, on sale?) I suppose I should be grateful, nonetheless, for the few intrigued hours I spent getting past the first two bosses.  The use of color, low pixels, checkpoint-based refills of a simple health bar with no consumables or other flim flam allows for a smooth gaming experience.   The complete noninvolvement of ""leveling up"" or ""experience points"" eliminates grinding; you become stronger by finding better swords and bows, can endure later-game damage levels by finding what are essentially heart tanks in a Metroidvania style collectibles system, and are largely rewarded in combat for maintaining defensive footing and being observant.That being said, there are a tiny number of enemy types and there is no way to traverse the (admittedly impressively large and contiguous) map quickly.  When you're not sure how to advance, you can spend like half an hour walking from the south side of one map region to the north side of the map region just north of it.  There are a decent number of regions, like 6-9; wonderful variation in the backgrounds, but not so much so on the combat side.  I played on the hardest difficulty setting and for the life of me couldn't see any difference besides taking more damage per hit and giving less.  With practice, you can avoid fighting half of the game's enemies without penalty, and it's easiest to pick the rest off one at a time with ranged attacks, drawing your sword if they close distance.Many of the cutscenes are extremely glitchy, and the game's text is translated poorly to English.  When after like 5 deaths against a sea boss you finally prevail before losing your footing and getting instakilled, only to stand still for the better part of 20 seconds, then run left, find nothing....then run right, glitching yourself back onto land...the magic, to say the least, is broken.  Ultimately, I think they'd have been better off using RPG maker and making a lot of the visual content by hand, rather than crafting a game engine of their own that doesn't, in the end, produce a game that is fun for nearly as long as it takes to experience.  I found the first bow, the second sword, some heart containers and I took out two bosses.  Taking out that boss didn't make me stronger and going east landed me somewhere that felt a hair too tough, while going west was easy until RIGHT BEFORE the part where local one-line NPCs have led me to believe I will find the THIRD sword.  I could go north and east, and probably find that second bow and third boss somewhere, but it would take a couple hours and I can't honestly say I care enough.This does not feel ironic or deliberate, as I suspect is the case in ""Punch Club."" Rather, the game plays like something a painter or an admirer of literature made who was not particularly into video game design.  If the source material interests you, then playing this game is perhaps a way to meditate on certain elements of that artist's premise.  I try not to be hard on independent games, since they are the life blood of the medium, but in this case more attention could have been paid to the user experience.  If they weren't going to make the game experience smoother, it would have been wiser to use a preexisting/stable/familiar independent game engine to craft and deliver their content.  I hope to see better games from these guys and respect this effort, but can't ultimately say you'd be missing out on much."
76561198143501091,Not Recommended,316970,35018453,Posted: 17 September,all,EnormousPun,"Another review says the follwing about this game: '[...]if youwerea fan of old metroidvanias, you will like this game'. In a way, they get it right, but also wrong. I definitelywasa fan of them long ago(twenty or so years), but it takes a lot of charm for me to like games that capture too many of the elements that I hate about the games from my childhood.I really wanted to like this game(paid full price; Engl. nerd), but it was 'meh'. I can deal with games that emulate the feel of fourth generation console games(slightly sluggish controls make timing essential, etc, etc), but this game didn't do it for me. I recall the enemies being particularly unimpressive. I guess that about sums up my experience with this game: unimpressive and lacking charm.If I was stuck somewhere where could sit in idle thought or play this game, I'm sure that I'd enjoy playing it after tiring of idle thought."
