user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198045908454,Recommended,317040,13336518,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,d00m95,"Strife on steam = instant purchase.This game blew my mind when it came out, and this port/update is incredible.the port is well done, I havent had any issues with mouse lag (one of the other reviews mentioned it)all the extra graphical options are welcome, but to be honest I'm running it without the high quality renderer, because the chunky pixellated style just looks wicked to me.The gameplay is awesome, and modern FPS games could learn a thing or two about level design and mission structure from strife.Only an hour or so in, and I've already found a couple secrets I missed when I was a kid!"
,Recommended,317040,13345506,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kenshiro3,"One ofTHE Best Doom Engine Game EVER!Strife is incredible. It's EASILY the best game released using Doom Engine. It feels almost like an earlier version of Deus Ex with its post apocalyptic cyberpunk inspired setting that has you running around a city hub taking & completeing jobs for various NPC in the game while finding, earning, & buying upgrades for your character & his arsenal. Its a damn shame it had to drop a month before the likes of Quake. Thanks to this almost no one has ever heard of it, and it was doomed (no pun intended) to launguish in relative obscurity never recieving the recognition it deserved. Believe it or not, this is the game that pioneered interactive AI allies & ingame storytelling in an FPS, things Half-Life was later was credited for. This truly is not only the best Doom Engine Game but also one of the greats forgotten gems of all time."
,Recommended,317040,13334754,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"Strife was originally released in 1996 on a modified doom engine, it was unique for its time because it combined elements of RPGs with dooms run and gun gameplay. The result was a cult classic that has garnered fan projects and restorations, but sadly it was forgotten amongst the other big PC games like Duke Nukem 3D and Quake. Until this re-release I was convinced many forgot about Strife, thankfully I was wrong as the devs who ported this cared very much about the game. Strife: Veteran Edition is thankfully not just Strife shoved in with dosbox, it is an actual port based mainly off of the Chocolate Strife source port. It contains the original IWADs and the ability to play it as it was in 1996. It also adds a large amount of modern new features and customization options. An optional bloom lighting system and motion blur have been added along with objective/damage indicators and weapon recoil. I'd easily recommend this version of Strife to anyone looking for a good action game, its a very unique experience and this port only enhances it."
,Recommended,317040,13357849,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SonataFanatica,"The original version of this game is one of the few first-person shooters I have in its original big box in my classic game collection shelves – and the reason is simple: it's just overwhelmingly good! Why?Well, the game was way ahead of its time, back in 1996. Just think of it as a mission-based, story-driven ""Doom""-clone with an open world. This description still doesn't do the game full justice, but it's a good way to at least categorize it.I've re-played the original game during the Christmas holidays in 2010 and thoroughly enjoyed every second of it. The comic-style artwork and the voice acting really reminds me of the style of the classic adventure game ""Beneath a Steel Sky"", the faction of The Order feels like a high-tech version of the Hammers from the ""Thief"" trilogy (by the way: ""Thief 2014"" doesn't exist...) and the open world has a very unique feel to it. It offers a nice opportunity to experiment a bit with choices and outcomes. Getting your secret ""underground rebellion missions"" via in-ear radio feels really immersive, too!Thankfully, this updated Veteran Edition doesn't change the original too much. Just a very comfortable new Full HD engine with complete mouse look, high quality textures, dynamic lighting and bloom and a rich variety of options to customize the game to your liking. Oh, and Steam achievements, too.This was an instant buy – and I wholeheartedly recommend this game!Go buy it. It's WELL worth the asking price!"
,Recommended,317040,31187975,Posted: 16 April,all,EndArixx,Ross is the reason i bought this.https://youtu.be/oPrU7LSqiX0
,Recommended,317040,19528608,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Strife: Quest for Sigil, aka Strife: Trust No One, aka The Original Strife, aka Strife Not MOBA, is a FPS that came out in 1996, developed by Rogue Software. It's known for still using Doom engine, albeit a modified one, and mixing a bit of RPG elements into it, like a next step from Hexen.It was counted as abandonware as Rogue Software went bankcrut and source code was lost too for a long time. But Night Dive Studio, known for bringing games into legal digital age out of void of rights conspiracies, got contacted by developers and hired two Doom community members who were able to reverse-engineer the game, also basing their work from Chocolate Strife project, which allows you to run Strife without DOSBox or any fancyness. Plus artist. And so in 2014 we got Veteran Edition for Steam, which brings it to modern standarts, uses Steam features and got few more additions.Thus I conclude my inglorious Wiki research.Technical-wise, this game should work well, with widescreen-support and many other things. Though I heard some complaints that some fail to run this game. Strange.Multiplayer is said to be quite early and as you can guess there is not multiplayer community actively playing it. Like, gee, what did you expect, especially when there is Skulltag/Zandronum multiplayer source port for all Doom engine games.The plot is quite simple in that you are mercenary who was taken for interrogation by the Order, religious dark monarchy which took over the land. And now you shall rebel and search for the Front, the resistance. And then weird stuff. With plotholes.Setting is awesome, being mix of tech and colorful medivel.And so you will talk with NPCs, with main ones being awesomely voiced, sometimes choosing an answer, but mostly moving along the linear path. Still fun.As for the game itself, well, it's a Doom clone mostly. With a bit of RPG and very light weird stealth. Then again, ""Doom clone"" usually stands as ""good game"" in my book.And I have hard time writing anything interesting about action part of a game. It's fine. You got few weapons, inlcuding super-gimmick weapon that zaps your health. There are few types of enemies. You also got interesting weapons, inlcuding mini-bazooka, which isn't as strong as expected but at least it's more accurate than assault rifle in early game, or crossbow with electric bolts which is equal to pistol, or grenade launcher which is powerful as hell, but only if you master it enough not to have it bounce two offset grenades back at you.And it's mostly unrefined, you mostly will be attacked by hitscan or fast projectiles. So it's not awesome as in Id games, mostly on Build engine games level. At least I wasn't frustrasted here. Mostly because the game be default automatically uses two types of medkits from inventory when you are low on health, so the way it works you pretty much have extended lifebar. And healthkits are very common in this game.Then there is a bit of erm stealth, as some may note. There are two weapons in the game that will not alert the current sections. Dagger-punch and poison bolt. Punching people into face may take a while and enemies who see you will wake up. On other hand, poison bolt insta-kill organic things, but doesn't harm robots.And look, it's probably there just to have town sections working, where you aren't supposed to kill anybody. Yep, there is such section, with shopkeepers to buy ammo and health and items from. And so this stealth is weird. You can shoot poison bolt into face of acolyte in front of everybody and no one will care. And most robots will always chase to kill you even if you didn't activate the alarm, while everybody is totally cool with murder robots on the loose. If anything, it feels like you are a sly person who abuses his civilian rights in the world of robot laws. Which would make a pretty interesting game, hm.No, no level can be stealthed. Only to some point to feel pro about knowing the map. Too many mandatory alarm-activated gates. So back to Doom clone gameplay.And it has light RPG elements. Mostly that you can talk with some NPCs and buy stuff. And travel to any level you already beat. And town. And you got two stats you can increase by completing missions, sorta: accuaricy and stamina. Accuaricy is about slowly turning your Assault Rifle from shotgun to all-range weapon that runs out of bullets fast. By the way, no, Targeter item doesn't increase it, it just points out how bad it is. Stamina increases your max health and strenght of a punch. So you could stealth those spiders better.Also, almost no other interesting inventory item, aside from teleporter beacon which sends in weak ally rebels so you could horde bullets from them.Now, let's talk about excellent Veteran edition. It changed many things, however it has a lot of options you can tweak, to enable motion blur or to make it play and look close to original. It even keeps unaltered original wad files in the folder. It actually looks very good on default setting. Usually Doom engine games look very flat in OpenGL when compared to Software, which avoids flatness by employing fog-like light effect. But thanks to having lightmaps and making light sources to give off OpenGL light, it looks damn excellent.Plus mouse control.They also went ahead and removed all the nasty dead ends. In original you could die by choosing dialog option which offends character enough to call infinite spawn of guards, for some reason. Chalice item also was a red herring, which makes it impossible to talk with important NPC who will try to kill you now, probably making your only save slot in original version useless. Dropping item didn't do anything, nope. Now most offending dialog were removed and Chalice just will punish you slightly, but not put you into dead end. I approve.Did I tell you that this version includes the demo campaign as well? Nope, chalise quest wasn't changed there as it's the only quest and you have to figure out what to do. It's fun and different from full version.There is extra content too. You now have three medallions to collect in whole game which gives you the berserker powerup, insta-killing things with melee. It was a scrapped thing in original version that you could get by giving yourself through console, cheating. Related to this new quest line of sorts, there was a blue chalice hidden as well which will give you access to totally new secret level where red medallion is waiting for you!Multiplayer is also supported too. Well, original and Veteran both only have competetive multiplayer of deathmatch. Which probably isn't much good. Like when you try to turn single-player into DM. With levels. And weapon progression. And for some reason developers of Veteran edition decided to make three new levels that play like CTF when you run them. Capture The Chalice, actually. As if they seriously were thinking that more than two people will play this at the same time.And to be honest, even though I beat this game fully now, I still think of it as ""that obscurish Doom family game"". It was pretty nice during the first part of a game, when you do preparation to attack the nearby castle by doing quests in a town, with more or less nice level design, ending with a climax battle for a castle with stupid ally rebels.But after that, it was more of meh experience, being less interesting. With level design of semi-realistical 90s shooters. When mazes don't have abstract flow of id games, just being mazey for sake of it. Like, sewers. Or catacombs. Or generic overcomplex-looking factories. Or my ever hated ""grand palaces that are symmetrical for both sides"".Pretty fine 90s Doom clone."
,Recommended,317040,32147916,Posted: 3 June,all,DarkScythe13,"An underappreciated Doom-engine game. While it can be a tad confusing at times, this game does have certain waypoints on the map to help things along. It's also a particularly impressive game, considering the engine it uses. There are in-game conversations and speech, different story paths, quests, and even a shop system amongst other things. Features aside, the game is pretty fun and worth checking out for any shooter fan."
,Recommended,317040,13335284,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ded gaem,"Hmm, how can I describe Strife... Take some of that action from Doom and give it a little story, nice characters and branching dialogues. This is the game that said ""let's do what Dues Ex did, only 5 years earlier"". Such a shame it didn't get the attention it cried for, due to both Duke Nukem and Quake releasing just a few weeks earlier.Playing it again on the ""Veteran Edition"" just reminds me of how good and refreshing it was playing it over 10 years ago, as a child. And now it has some cool new features in it, like upgraded lighting, bloom, widescreen resolution, steam achievements, trading cards and even an entire multiplayer mode. I'm not saying that if you didn't play it before you shouldn't buy it, not at all, if you are familiar with Doom-like games even today you might very possibly find it enjoyable. So why not? It's only 7.5$ right now.Quick review for those who are intrested in the game rather than the remaster:Pros:- Great combination of both FPS & RPG elements.- Very nice story and charcters along with some interesting plot twists.- Good use of the Id Tech engine; truly bueatiful world, fun to explore.- Doom's addicting shooting mechanics, awesome guns as well.- Best 16-bit voice acting out there.Cons:- Somewhat annoying maze-like level design.- Repetitive music.Overall score: 9/10[/h1]"
,Recommended,317040,13361054,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dougie Jones,"Strife is extremely underrated and one of the prime examples of why the 90's was the golden era of gaming, while games today may be more visually advanced, they're pretty much all formulaic, bland, dumbed down and generic clones of each other with no soul or depth except for the very rare exception. How did games devolve from this into brown/gray, linear, cinematic slogfests that play themselves?Strife is an FPS-RPG hybrid which is said to be one of the original games of the like, set in a world ruled by a tyrannous cult known as The Order in which you play part of a rebellion which plots to overthrow them. The game itself plays like a mixture of DooM and Duke 3D with fast paced combat that relies heavily on maneuverability/skill and the missions in Strife are open ended which allow for a lot of freedom and exploration.This has got to be one of the best looking games I've ever played to this day, it has tons of rich colours and the textures all fit perfectly with each other instead of the monotonous garbage that passes off for games these days that consist only of disgustingly bland mixtures of brown and gray. The sound is great, the weapons feel heavy and powerful and the game is complimented by what has to be one of the most badass soundtracks in gaming.Strife is definitely worth the 9.99 asking price (currently 7.49 on sale) given that it is a complete masterpiece in every regard. I wish gaming would return to what made it great in the first place but until then I've got plenty of classics like this to play through again."
76561198013247861,Recommended,317040,13342494,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Vik,One of the best games no one played. A great retro experience and a solid port with a lot of options. Nice mix of an old shcool shooter and a RPG that holds up well even today. Achievements add some replay value.They simply don't make them like this anymore.
,Recommended,317040,13338452,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,VanDaniels,"I have recommended this game to several people. An early Doom Clone with an RPG element and excellent story. It hasn't aged well but this game is in my top 10 of all time for sure, maybe even top 5. Even though I still have the old CD rom somwhere, I didn't even blink when spending $8 for it.Controls have changed to be better for 'current generation' gamers - I don't remember using a mouse in the original game but I imagine this is probably a better experience. Also the opening menu allows you to change settings but won't take effect til the game actually starts so don't be alarmed at the resolution.Fight for the Front, and freedom!Move out!"
,Recommended,317040,13830226,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Biendeo,"Long story short:An extremely obscure gem, mixing shooter and pseudo-RPG mechanics into a perfect blend. Though very difficult, if you like games such as System Shock 2 or Deus Ex, Strife is an excellent example of the genre fusion well before anything else was done. And it's worth picking up if you like retro shooters in general.I love Strife. I love the engine, the overworld, the shooting, the secrets, everything. It's one of those games that just reeks of originality and ingenuity that it's hard to even come to grips with the fact that it disappeared off the face of the planet shortly after it was released. The Veteran Edition, led by Night Dive Studios, is not only a faithful port of the original game, but also offers a re-done version that fixes up a lot of bugs, adds an unfinished game mode to it, and makes the Doom engine look brand spanking new. And it's glorious.Strife came out in 1996, a month before Quake was released. Graphically, it definitely was overshadowed by Quake. The Doom engine could pull off some amazingly large locations and have tonnes of enemies on screen, but Quake was in full 3D, and it looked amazing (and also the level design was ridiculously good too). Strife faded into obscurity as Quake basically became the hall-mark for FPS standards.Strife is mostly a first-person shooter: you move around, shoot bad guys, and walk around a map completing objectives. It had an inventory system similar to Heretic or Hexen before it, where health packs and other gadgets could be used. It had a bunch of weapons that could be used, and, in the retro shooter fashion, were completely explosive and amazing. My favourite has to be the grenade launcher, which fires two giant bombs forward, which explode into a tower of fiery death. There's also a secondary ammo for that weapon which fires napalm, and man is it devastating.However, it also had a few RPG mechanics thrown in. Firstly, the entire game was a persistent overworld: you start in a main hub, and every level branches off from that, interacting with each other as the game goes on. Military bases become overrun, pathways open up between areas, and so on. You can also talk to almost every human character in the game. While a lot of them don't say anything useful, a few give some nice tips on fighting enemies or navigating the levels. Quite a number of NPCs are voice acted, and it definitely brings the game some life.On top of that, levels have a lot of secrets involved with them. With the Veteran Edition, there are 16 that are marked and count towards an achievement (which honestly is not that many), but there are definitely a lot of other hidden away areas that include items, rewarding the player for keeping an eye out for inconsistencies in the level. One kind of secret actually increases your maximum health and makes your weapons more accurate, which is a nice way to reward the player rather than giving a bunch of ammo.The story will leads you around a bunch of locations around the world. While it gives the illusion of an open-world game, it's really linear, as you're expected to clear off levels in a specific order. However, quite a few areas allow the player to approach it from different angles, similar to Deus Ex. For a lot of levels, stealth is an option. While the player, in a few areas, can walk around without guards attacking, robots will always hunt the player down, so stealth is more about avoiding enemies than trying to take out each of them one at a time. When stealth goes, the game doesn't make you feel like you've messed up, as your weapons are more than capable of taking down enemies (although on higher difficulties the number of enemies gets ridiculous). A few areas in the game do get quite ridiculous though in terms of irritating enemy placement or level design, but overall there's a lot of good stuff.A lot of the enemies attack with hitscan-like weapons (or projectiles that move very fast). This can get a bit annoying and can contribute to a lot of deaths in the game. Again, fortunately in the Veteran Edition, a little blip comes up on the screen indicating where you are getting hit from, which makes it easier to react to them. Because of these enemies, your playstyle will move towards a more cautionary stance rather than running in rooms guns blazing. It's an interesting change of pace, but it does get a bit annoying when you die very quickly. Fortunately, hitscanning enemies are also the weaker enemies in the grand scheme of things (akin to Doom), which makes it not as cheap as it could be.The story has you up against a few bosses, each one harder than the last. They also require to be hit with the ultimate weapon of the game: the Sigil, which upgrades its damage output and attack style after each boss is defeated. The Sigil uses the player's health as ammo, and it provides an interesting dynamic for the fights: where survivability is more crucial than before.Strife also has a couple of different endings, and, fortunately, it isn't just a different button at the end of the final room of the game. The endings are determined in the last third of the game, and it changes the course of where you go and such. It's interesting to see a game from almost 20 years ago do this and many other elements so well compared to more modern games.The Veteran Edition release not only fixes the original game's bugs, but it also offers the original game as a bonus which is nice. It also uses a fancy OpenGL version of the Chocolate Strife port, which offers bloom and dynamic lighting, but, again, there is an option to use the software renderer and make the game look as old as it originally did. Also the multiplayer is nice and chaotic as most retro shooters seemed to be. However, the player-base is not quite there yet, so it's hard to get into a match.However, of course, the game not only includes support for modding, but it's compatible with a bunch of mods that were made back in 1996. While not as extensive as some other games at the time, there's a lot of good stuff that came out of the modding community back then, which will definitely extend the game's life cycle.If you play Strife, you have to remember that it came out in 1996: well before any other shooter RPG hybrid that was big and popular. And it's sad just how amazing this game was. The Veteran Edition release is very faithful in making the game run well on modern systems, as well as making it compatible with older content. The $10 price point is well worth the content. Strife is a magnificent game, and you'll definitely like it if you're into retro shooters or shooter-RPG hybrids in general, or if you just want to play a hard as nails old school game.RATING: 3 UP, 1 DOWNMy up/down rating system tries to differentiate between games that are mediocre (less ups and downs total), and games that are interesting but flawed (more ups and downs totals). Ups relate to how much good a game has, and downs are how much bad a game has.0 UPs1 UPs2 UPs3 UPsNot worth playing, skip itAlright, play it if you're into the genreVery good, play it if you're looking for something worth tryingOne to go down in history, a must have for everyone[/table]0 DOWNs1 DOWNs2 DOWNs3 DOWNsNothing detrimental in the gameA few things wrong, but doesn't ruin itKind-of broken or aggravating, you may not be able to put up with itVery, very broken, a lesson on what not to do[/table]"
,Recommended,317040,15718393,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,♥ Boner ♥,"SINGLEPLAYER:A MILESTONE in videogame history , one of the BEST rpg games.+ Nostalgia+ Interessting Story+ Good Gameplay+ Awesome Style (graphics and desing)+ Items and weapons are good and every gun finds a use-+ The characters are good made for a old game like this and have an awesome design.MULTIPLAYER:I NEVER had SO MUCH FUN in an deathmatch game (1vs1) LIKE IN THIS i think its really special+ Freeroaming maps IN DEATHMATCH (feels like an openworld dm game, levels change for every player when leaving the area)+ you can use all items and weapons from singleplayer+ the medipacks and items make the fights way more interssting+ you can choose maps between playing, no lobbys needed- THE REALLY ONLY bad thing about the multiplayer is... it seems nobody play it... (go get a friend)"
,Recommended,317040,13338338,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Framzan,"This game seems cool so far, but a WIP ATM. it was modified to support modern systems. Otherwise it would require a doom launcher like ZDoom, GZDoom, or Vavoom. The original version of this game was compatible for ""Windows 95"" as far as i know because Windows 95 was the latest OS when this game was released. The developers of this game went out of business years ago (Rogue Entertainment). I'm not exactly sure who gave Night Dive permission to edit this from scratch and re-distribute. What's new to this version of the game is it supports multi-player, new atmosphere, still got more to see. I've played this game months ago, beaten it twice, almost a third time."
,Recommended,317040,13382848,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Vadam5,"Another beyond-great classic game that was shadowed by others. The problem is that not many people knew the game because it was released 3 months before Quake and was left behind because of the dated technology.But i tell ya, Strife is one of the best games ever made. And with this version, its even more awesome.Firstly, i love the aspect of the ""Story builds up on the choices you make"", that means that if you got a choice the story will develope branches, and you will end up in other levels or meeting other people.Secondly, the people you meet. Sometimes you will meet people who will betray you, sometime you will just meet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and sometimes you will meet people who are friendly and will help you.The weapons feel awesome, and all are useful, cant expand more on that.In this version the visuals in the game look really good, shaders, smooth textures and sprites lightning, and motion blur, looks real good.Music is great.Multiplayer has great potential and is overall fun but needs little fixes there and there but overally its fun and good, and I believe that its just about time till the workshop comes.In a conclusion, this is the must have. If not, you should at least try it.I rate it as one of my top favorited games."
,Recommended,317040,13339265,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Xbolt,I tried exiting the game and it insulted me. 10/10
76561198075246525,Recommended,317040,13357015,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Retro,"I was pleased to see this available, and on sale no less.  I had this back when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, and enjoyed it immensely.  The updated graphics are great, with fov options no less.  I am still a big fan of all things Doom, but this different pace and style of play is very nice.  You need to be a bit careful bout how you proceed, a guns blazing approach will usually have you back at the loading screen.  A very well done shooter with rpg elements and a bit of resource management, and a lot more story than most fps offerings."
,Recommended,317040,13335259,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SHODANFreeman,"This game is one of the greatest games of the mid-90s, and this version is even better than ever."
,Recommended,317040,13336007,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ghastly,"Probably the first FPS/RPG hybrid, it had some rough spots and imbalances (especially late-game), but the story was pretty good, and it's definitely worth a run through. Being a Doom-engine game, Strife is also really easily moddable through source ports like ZDoom as well."
76561198091740020,Recommended,317040,28983384,Posted: 3 January,all,76561198091740020,I'm just here from the game dungeon lol
76561198029949129,Recommended,317040,13763852,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,donjeffe,"I honestly never thought they will ""polish"" this old thing. Brought back lots of memories. I like what they've done with the game. Apart from small hiccups from time to time when some of the flying drones appear I didn't encounter issues. I don't know how and if the game will appeal to the younger folks, who are accustomed to uber graphics, but for me it was very enjoyable to play it again."
76561198025523078,Recommended,317040,13344435,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Greer,"1 minute into the game, I killed a hobo near a sewer, thinking it was nothing.A quest in the future needed me to talk to him, I couldn't progress because I killed him.Needed to restart the entire game.10/10"
,Recommended,317040,13342506,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Grinx,This game was amazing when I first bough it in 1996 and to be honest it still is a good game if you like retro games. If you enjoy playing games such as doom then pick this up and it will blow your mind.
,Recommended,317040,14504496,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gimpmeister,"I loved Strife when it came out in 1996, and I still think it's a heck of a great game - although I do notice its shortcomings more vividly on this playthrough.First of all, I really want to congratulate Night Dive. They've smoothed out many  of the rough elements of the original Strife, added some useful/cool new features, and generally done a great job at making Strife look and play better without really touching the game itself.Here's a few of the improvements:High-resolution 3D-accelerated rendering engine with tweakable settings for pretty much everything. I think the bloom filter defaults are pretty good, but whatever your preference is, you can set it. You can even select the original software renderer if you want the old Doom engine look.Important quest items are now highlighted with a flashing outline when enemies drop them.Major mission objectives now have waypoints marked on the map screen.I've only tested controller support with a wired Xbox 360 controller, but man does it work well.An unused UI element for the secondary fire mode of the Mauler has been implemented. This makes the immediate distinction between fire modes a lot clearer.The original soundtrack can be played back in either a tinny-but-classic FM-chip version, or a superior pre-recorded MIDI version using good instrument samples.As for the game itself, Strife is a FPS/RPG hybrid with a heavy leaning towards the former. The FPS elements are interesting in that several of the weapons can hurt you if you're not careful - especially the grenade launcher and secondary fire mode of the Mauler. If you learn to use the weapons effectively, however, they can make you feel like a total badass. You cannot stealth through the whole game, but many areas allow you to get through with minimal killing if you'd like, and one achievement is based around doing this in a specific area.The plot involves a couple of twists that you may or may not see coming. There's a couple of major areas that only open up if you take the path to the ""Good"" ending, and one or two that you can just simply miss by not exploring the levels enough.The RPG elements of Strife involve branching NPC dialogue trees, (optional) upgrades to accuracy and health, and 3 different endings. This is nothing special today, but at the time, nobody had put all those features into a FPS, let alone a Doom engine game. The spoken dialogue is variable in quality - some characters are believable, others a little over-the-top. Thankfully, it's all way above the quality of many other old-school games.You have essentially a running commentary from Blackbird (a female NPC who talks to you via your comm unit) throughout most of the game. It's a great idea that often helps to give the game some personality, as well as a reminder of where you need to go next.Then, there's the secrets. Holy heck are there a lot of secrets in this game. I discovered a few secret areas here and there in my original playthroughs, and was pretty satisfied with myself. When I went about trying to get the ""Completionist"" achievement in this version, I noticed that many of the secrets I knew didn't even count towards the total. I'm now pretty humbled. To be fair, some of the secrets are not at all obvious, and some basically require bumping into/trying to open every square inch of every level [(The transparent wall secrets are some of the worst offenders in this category)]. Also, Night Dive *added* some secrets to this version of Strife, most notably the Talismans (which are a seperate accheivement). I'm currently running through the game specifically trying to find every secret without consulting a walkthrough. It's not easy.Okay, so there's also some stuff that doesn't hold up so well:Blackbird often comments on NPC dialogue - but sometimes she doesn't start talking until at least a second after the NPC's line has finished. If you're used to rushing through dialogue trees, you might miss about half of her lines. I can't remember if this was in the original game or not, but in this version a line of text will show up in the saying ""Blackbird is listening"", which lets you know she's going to comment after the NPC finishes talking.The graphics are kind of blocky. This version has done a nice job of subtly filtering textures once they get a certain distance from the player, but this is still a Doom engine game. Thankfully, the overall art design is colorful and far from the bland color schemes of more recent FPSs.The music is variable in quality, with some tunes adding to the intensity of combatespecially the castle assault, and some becoming incredible repetitive after a while; the music in the sewer levels is especially grating (pun not intended).While the lack of handholding in finding mission objectives is a nice change from modern games, there are some levels where it's very easy to get lost and not know what to do/where to go next. The objective waypoints on the map screen are a nice addition, but the markers are totally static and don't clear when individual objectives are achieved.The multiplayer is limited to your Steam friends. This is great if you have several friends who like to play Strife, but it would be nice to have the option to play with strangers as well. Yes, I do also understand that dedicated servers are expensive to run.Overall, this is easily the best ""re-release with enhancements"" I've played, and really helps to show folks what a cool, underappreciated gem Strife was/is."
76561198044140048,Recommended,317040,22656162,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,"The original Strife is great but this Official re-release is just fantastic!!! It's essentially an updated version of Strife that fixes the many bugs and glitches the original had. That's not all, this edition reworked the Doom engine so you can completely customizable the game to suit your computers needs. whether you want a beautiful shaded environment or to make it look exactly like the original game, this feature alone makes Veteran Edition a must have!If any of you like FPS games that function like Doom, this game is for you. If you like FPS RPGs with a gigantic world to explore, this game is for you."
76561197981578067,Recommended,317040,31791402,Posted: 16 May,all,RemingTRON,"I played this game as a kid, and was ecstatic when I saw it on steam.  With an awesome new update too!Pros:+ RPG/FPS hybrid+ Huge world to explore with ""hubs""+ Lots of sweet death animations+ Great voice acting+ A great twist in the game that drastically affects the endingCons:- Levels are mazelike- Some weapons are lame- A few choices in dialogue prevent winning the game.Honestly, I watched this video and it sums it up pretty well:https://youtu.be/oPrU7LSqiX0"
,Recommended,317040,13357369,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TokyoUD,"As someone who really had no idea what to expect from this game, I was pleasantly surprised. It's essentially a DOOM RPG. Parts of its remind me thematically of Dishonored. You play a mercenary who is pulled into a conflict between the Order and the Front. There's NPCs to talk to and missions to complete. The gameplay is straight up old-school FPS and it feels great. If you enjoyed games like DOOM, Duke Nukem, or Shadow Warrior, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,317040,13334663,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Echo,"It's ♥♥♥♥in' Strife, man. And now it's better than ever."
,Recommended,317040,13338945,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,A Clone,"It's a good game. Just get it. You wont regret it. You'll like its art. You'll like the story and the lore. Trust me, you will like this game."
,Recommended,317040,13402913,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Suicide Critic,"During spring cleaning, I threw away the printed map that came with the boxed version years ago, thinking I would never use it again.   WRONG!   Still a good game.Had DPI scaling issues on launch, but fixed them quickly by checking the DPI scaling for large monitors checkbox in the  executable file's compatability tab for windows 7.Definately the most ambitious game ever released on the old Doom engine.   Very glad to see an updated version that's playable on modern computers.  Looking forward to seeing how 30 year old me approaches the game as opposed to the 15 year old me that completed it when it came out."
,Recommended,317040,13355857,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,gamerstu,"A strange mixture of Doom, Ultima and ??? (Lots of fun). The HD remastered version works perfectly on a modern machine."
,Recommended,317040,21128134,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Holysword,"What year is this?!?! Why am I playing Strife in 2015?! Answer: because it is the best FPS game I've ever played, easily topping classics like Quake and Doom.After a comet struck the Earth, a virus spread and those infected not only presented horrible mutations, but also started hearing the voice of a malignant god in their head. They established ""The Order"" that took the power and oppressed and enslaved those which were not infected. Of course, that's where you come: you play as a newcomer member of The Resistance, seeking to overthrow the Order and its wickedness.The game is your classic FPS with some basic RPG elements. You have a main city where you can peacefully shop for supplies, you have a bunch of quests and some decisions that will fork the final outcome of your efforts. MANY secret doors and stashes, hidden rooms and optional sections of maps that you'd explore just because. You lack of a character sheet, skills and the likes, but you will improve your Health and Accuracy along the game, that being the closest to ""level up system"" you'll find in there. Just like in FPS games, you have a great variety of weapons, but in Strife, THEY ARE DIFFERENT far beyond the ""damage"" factor, and you'll find yourself resorting to your first crossbow every now and then even at the end of the game.The achievements are fun and natural, just encouraging the player to explore more the scenario and teasing with its highest difficulty: Bloodbath. You think you're good just until the enemies start respawning quicker than you can kill them. And THAT'S when you run out of ammo.Linux port is flawless (thanks for supporting the Penguin!)The whole concept is so great and well executed, the voice acting is SO GOOD (gotta love Blackbird! The Governor was also very well executed) I just can't stop asking myself ""What year was this game developed again?!?!"" This is definitely a winner, NOT your ""retro indie"" game. This is a true classic, resurrected here in Steam. I'll recommend this over and over and over!"
76561197983341230,Recommended,317040,13356848,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,repoman715,Epic fps game with a few rpg elements from the old dos days.  In my opinion superior to the original doom games in every way.  Updated for mouse and keypad support.  Definitely worth playing if you haven't already or are feeling nostalgic.
,Recommended,317040,29752345,Posted: 6 February,all,retrogomagomes,"This is a very underrated game fromthe 90's. Probably it didn't made much fuss because the year it was launched we got titles such as duke3d, c&c red alert, tomb raider, diablo, harvester, and so many great titles back in '96. I remember Strife being the first FPS with RPG elements such as improving your health, accuracy, talking to NPCs, a hub world, etc.The story is nice, also was one of the other major differences from the other FPS. While most games had cliché generic plots, this one had a bit more added into it. Also the dialogs with some cartoonish cutscenes that helped you grind through the plot. Another cool thing was the woman as your sidekick guiding you through the missions. Strife also had very cool graphics, a mix between medieval and modern styles which I loved.Regarding the AI, not much to say. The enemies didn't have anything notably aside from shooting you and chasing you if you do something stupid in town and sound the alarm. They didn't pack a lot of challenge, just keep shooting and dodging and you'll be fine. In hardest difficulties you just get more enemies and they did more damage to you. Your weapons are very nice, though they didn't give you anything notably new. You have your basic machine gun, RPG, flamethrower, grenade launcher and such. You can only have so much of your 'traditional' gun arsenal compared to other games.Overall it's a good addition to anyone who loved 90's shooters. It has some cool elements and features that were new back then and totally worth checking it. The steam port is awesome, runs flawless on my win10 and have hi-res/ sharpening options to improve the graphics."
,Recommended,317040,33887079,Posted: 29 July,all,R_U_Sirius1,"Originally made on a beefed up version of the DOOM Engine, this FPS with some RPG elements has many improvements over it's predecessor, including: jumping, an actual story, and more. This game is a real hidden gem, with a cool story, art style, and good combat too. And this version which is basically an update with improvements of all sorts for modern systems is truly a great experience, for retro shooters."
,Recommended,317040,13364295,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Majestic 12,"This game was one of the first FPS action RPGs, a genre shared by classics such as Deus Ex and Vampire Bloodlines. Released in 1996, Strife pushed the limits by offering a FPS that didn't involve shooting everything sight. In fact, it was well possible to screw up your game having to start all over by doing something you weren't supposed to.The Veteran Edition does its best to bring Strife into the 21st century, luckily. As revolutionary as the game was in 1996, it still had quite a few flaws including only having a single save game. In a game where it's possible to make a wrong move and only finding out half an hour later, this was painful so due to the Veteran Edition having several save games, it starts off by eliminating the biggest flaw of the original.Another annoyance from the first game, was its vague mission parameters combined with maze-like locations (like the sewers). While you have a detailed map, you could still get lost for ages. The Veteran Edition helps you out by marking quest locations - another welcome improvement.Besides these gameplay tweaks, you have the standard graphic and control improvements including fluent mouse look, bloom, higher resolution graphics, proper shading, etc.While Strife won't blow your socks off if you compare it to modern games, it's still a rare gem. Back in the day, it wasn't even that well known and has become a cult classic but it's really worth a look for any games enthusiast."
,Recommended,317040,29771552,Posted: 7 February,all,geminidoesgames,"A few bullet points from my review:-Made with the Doom engine.-An FPS-RPG hybrid ""Strife"" may be, but it definitely focuses a little more on the FPS aspect.-The story's fairly run-of-the-mill, if a little confusing in a couple of places.-Levels can get a bit too complicated design-wise.-Some features of the game which are meant to help you end up hindering you.https://youtu.be/IX5eqBvXXxo"
,Recommended,317040,13653384,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Emilia,"This game is amazing. This professionally made port is truly a masterpiece.I'll just list what you get:1. Original game data. Untouched.2. VE game data in the same familiar WAD format.3. Some bonus content: a PDF manual, town map and field guide, all in HD.4. Not less important, (nearly) full source code!5. Hours and hours of well-spent time.Get it. >10000 hours in Doom, tellin' ya."
,Recommended,317040,15986222,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mShuey,"A real gem of a game. I was in the market for a Doom style game so randomly got this game. It was the best choice I made that week. I found a game that had style, charm, intrigue, and a broad sense of challenge. Within the first hour I dead ended myself by just following the game. It was awesome once I realized I did it, the game didn't trick me into it. I even had suspicions about what I was doing as I did it. I still did it. Reloaded and went a different route. Then I started wondering where the Doom was in this supposed Doom style game.Then I got to the first actual boss and it all came together. Its got the movement and shooting of doom, the hubworld of zelda games, the humor and style of comix zone. The remaster has a wealth of options to make it 'feel' modern without taking away its classic charm (that I sought it out for). You can experience it as it was released, or essentially emulated with modern filters for smoothing and design sensibilities, or any personal combo between the both.In a day of making games fail proof to ensure no gamer gets left behind, this gamer was delighted to die in an endless wave of enemies because he listened to the first shlomo to give him a quest."
76561198065877448,Recommended,317040,33747863,Posted: 23 July,all,SweepingsDemon,"This game is fantastic. The level design runs the gamut between straightforward and maze-like, with my personal favorites being logically zoned residential or military areas. There is so much detail put into this game and its environments. The soundtrack is pretty catchy, the weapons are fun to use although most of them are fairly standard (with the possible exception of the grenade launcher and mauler, and definite exception of the sigil), and the enemy design is pretty cool. The quests (such as there are) are fun and interesting, although both they and the currency (gold) both become more scarce and more worthless as the game progresses. I just wish the rpg influences were a little more pronounced.Still though, solid recommendation. Can't go wrong with this remaster which fixes a lot of bugs and adds a number of features not present even in the older engine ports."
,Recommended,317040,33251201,Posted: 4 July,all,TheJackyking,A RPG Doom with freaking story.
76561197979547132,Recommended,317040,28026714,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Freakeye,"This game is an underrated classic and the predecessor to games like Deus Ex, Bioshock, and Dishonored. It is one of the earliest, maybe even the original, FPS-RPG. It was lost between the DOOM and Duke Nukem 3D crazes. Strife was a very innovative idea for the time, adding a jump button, stealthy paths, branching story choices, the ability to switch sides or betray people you did quests for, a simple RPG leveling system, currency and stores that sold weapons, ammo, med-kits, and upgrades, as well as a flamethrower and phosphorus grenades that could set enemies on fire and spread. I played this when I was younger and found it underappreciated and unknown to many people. I'm glad to see someone brought it back and updated it. Thanks to Rogue Entertainment for the original Strife (as well as American McGee's Alice - another outside the box, great game) and thanks to Night Dive Studios for the update and re-release. I have nominated it for the ""Underrated Classic"" Award for the We Didn't Think of Everything Steam Award. Do yourself a favor a check out this classic that took the DOOM engine to its furthest potential."
,Recommended,317040,13357741,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Starfunkel,Great nostalgic trip!I only wish more people would play online...
76561198082438220,Recommended,317040,13399153,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"One of the most under rated, under appreciated, and unknown games of the 90's that you will be glad you play.  Strife was so far ahead of it's time that it laid the framework for games like Deus Ex, Elders Scrolls, and Fallout.  Up until this game, every FPS was a shooting gallery.  Strife was the first FPS RPG ever.  It was such a crucial part of the evolution of FPS games that it deserves to be alongside greats like Doom, Duke Nukem 3D, Quake, Deus Ex, and Half Life.In Strife you get to choose your dialogue, and as such, choose your adventure.Strife is one of the best FPS games of all time and shouldn't be missed by any fan of 90's FPS or anyone who likes RPG's.  If you want an in depth story similar to that of Deus Ex, mixed with Doom style action sequences then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,317040,13345737,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SajBear,"Did you ever wished that you could talk to the enemies in doom?Then this game is for you!This game is retro, gory and awesome!"
,Recommended,317040,26519920,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,antares031_연어。,"""Give you a hint. When I stop talking to you, you leave.""In my honest opinion, Strife is one of the most underrated games back in mid-90s. Unlike other first person shooters of the same age, like Duke Nukem 3D and Quake, this one is an excellent combination of first person shooter and role playing game. Despite of its Doom engine, you have lots of NPCs to interact, to ally with in order to fight against the enemy, or even to trade with your gold for their merchandises. Every major dialogue with those characters is also come with voices, performed by earnest voice actors. This boosts the game experience with its story and progression in a really good way. Speaking of the story, it also has multiple endings, affected by the choice you make during the progression. Those elements are definitely something that you couldn't see from the first person shooters back in mid-90s, and they make this game really unique.Action is pretty much something that you might expect from the game with Doom engine. You also have inventory system from other FPS like Heretic and Hexen, so you can stock your powerups and use them whenever you really need. What makes this game more unique is the stealth system. Enemy soldiers in the same sector won't attack you until you do something suspicious. That being said, you can kill the enemy acolytes with your slient weapons, such as poison bolt, and you won't sound the alarm. Though some enemy mechanics don't give a $hi+ about the stealth system and attack you, which is a little bit annoying. But who cares, since it's more fun to mow down the enemies with your assault rifle. This game also has upgrade systems for your accuracy and health, just like a level system of other role-playing games.What makes this game even better is this HD remastering. Now you can enjoy this game with modern elements like proper mouse aiming, better lighting effects, and perfect compatibility for your modern gaming setting. It even has objective assistant on the automap to help you find the location of next objective, which is really useful to navigate those maze-like levels. Speaking of level design, this game uses hub system like Hexen, making various levels into one giant open world with lots of explorable areas.In overall, this is a forgotten gem from 1996, a something that ahead of the time. It is not a perfect game, but it's definitely something different from other mediocre first person shooters. A solid 9/10 stuff for me.""Fight for the front and freedom! Move out!"""
,Recommended,317040,13365949,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kain,"A great game, I used to play the demo of it back then when I was a kid ( and my goodness, with the demo I went nuts and played for days the same thing ). It's good to be able to play the full version + graphic extras, mouse is working normally here ( which is a good thing ! ) ... another good thing for ME it's now that I understand english and can actually know what is happening in-game.Game itself is very good even if it's an old for these reasons:- Not just a shooter, you can get quests ( and even fail some depending on which quest you start first )- Your character is pretty much terrible at aim, but you can get ""Training"" which increase your accuracy ( very interesting )- Characters design and world design is pretty good, voice actors are good for the time it was released."
,Recommended,317040,13424202,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Frosty The Blowman,"I was quite shocked when I saw this game on here, considering I last played it in 1996. This game is a truly oldschool PC first person classic, similar to the likes of Doom, Quake, Hexen and more. Don't allow my playing hours to fool you; they obviously didn't log them way back then, but before I purchased this on Steam, I had already completed multiple playthroughs way back.Get ready to fight The Order, a death cult of religious zealot cyborgs that not only oppress humans greatly, but make humans do their dirty work for them. You are part of a rebel army, doing whatever you can to collect pieces of an artifact which will ultimately help you defeat The Order. How you do that, and the final outcome that happens as a result of your actions, is up to you.The one thing that makes this game unique from other shooters of it's era, is that you have the choice as to how the story will turn out in small and large ways. The decisions you make when you talk to NPCs, as well as choosing who to fight and who to not fight, will affect the game temporarily, but will also affect it's final, ultimate outcome. You can travel to different levels from a central area, and the levels will stay the same as when you left them.Overall, I would definitely recommend this to players who prefer the classic shooter types. Perhaps new-generation players could also learn to like it as well."
,Recommended,317040,15369128,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bernie Would Have Won,"Fantastic! True to the original while also being better in various ways like the graphics, bug fixes, and multiplayer. Well done!"
,Recommended,317040,13368456,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dewk Noukem,"A good game, sad it's not well known."
,Recommended,317040,13575677,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TheyKeepOnRising,"An excellent remaster of the classic STRIFE FPS RPG. This is the game that inspired Deus Ex, set the foundation for the first person RPG genre."
76561198053344461,Recommended,317040,16638242,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,spinge bill,"This game is good, very good. First of all, it runs on the Doom engine which is like nuff said, but its more than that because it also adds different gamplay styles to the mix. Even though these are relly only seen in the earlyer parts of the game its more than enough for me because you never see thoughs elements in other Doom like games, second it has a pretty damn decent story. What mostly makes me happy about it is that it is presented in comic book styles, and the fact that it is one of the only games that trusting no one is in your best intrests especily nearing the midlle to end. And its a little crepy, which also gets me off, but one of the best thing about this game is the nastalgic feeling you get from this game, wether you are a gamer who enjoys the games before his time like me, or if you played this when it came out, its there."
,Recommended,317040,13507457,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GrymmR3aper,"Played this when I was a young boy and computer gaming was barely even a thing, LOVED it never had the same gameplay experience twice granted i was a kid and maybe didnt understand what i was supposed to do but thats not the point.. the point is i remember playing this game with such fervor and excitment that it trancended time so when i seen this little gem on sale as well as revamped i could barely contain myself, improved graphics recreate the world i had so many hours of enjoyment on and many fixed bugs and issues i couldnt believe my luck.... If you like old school FPS/RPG this is the game for you!!!!"
76561198049378124,Recommended,317040,23173869,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Das Kindersnatch,"a childhood classic brought back from the dead, excellent engine port and smoothe gameplay, its like a combination of system shock and doom, absolutely phenomanal remastering"
76561198048385355,Recommended,317040,33864857,Posted: 28 July,all,TerezarOmega,"How did I miss this gem growing up?!?!?Strife is basically doom with a dash of rpg, where you move at the standard Kenyan sprinter speed, have lots of different guns to play with, and destroy lots of bad guys in fun and interesting ways, but there are also towns with people to talk to, merchants to buy gear from, sections where you can stealth your way through vs run and gun, and the dialogue and voice acting is brilliant. Its can be comedic at times, and epic at others.Any fans of classic fps games shoudl pick up this unique take on the genre, and be forged by life long STRIFE!"
,Recommended,317040,14673519,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DudeDesigns,"One of the very first First Person RPG's ever made. While maintaining a steep difficulty level, Strife remains as one of the most comprehensive Doom overhauls ever devised.Full voiced NPC's, interaction menus, side-quests, and amazing map designs make this game one of the penultimate Doom Engine games. While the original Strife was cancelled and hailed as free-ware for being released far too late into the 90s, Veteran Edition includes several bonuses and extra content, such as the re-implementation of ""Capture the Chalice"" mode, Objectives being marked on the Auto-Map, and a High-Rez mode that makes the gmae look breathtaking.Strife is not for everyone, and before you decide if you should buy the game, you should hunt down the original 1996 verson on the internet. It's abandon ware, so it won't cost you anything. Veteran Edition remains a beautiful remake, however, and I highly reccomend you support Night Dive for finally bringing the game to Steam if you're looking to experience it on a more flexible scale."
,Recommended,317040,24399483,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DargonSlayer,One of the first (and best) FPS/RPG hybrids made. Still stands good on its own even today and overshadowed only by Deus Ex and the System Shock series.
76561197971370192,Not Recommended,317040,14948082,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Phlegatu,"I loved this game when it came out. It added story, stealth and RPG elements to a genre that, at the time, these elements were new to.That said, after playing through it again, I realize that only the early parts of the game (set around the hub of a town occupied by the Order) really stuck in my memory all that clearly. There is a good reason for this: the further you get into the game, the less significant the elements I mentioned earlier which make the game unique really have any effect. By the end, it's just navigating maze-like levels looking for the right switch, mowing down masses of enemies that cross your path with your impressive aresenal of weapons. In other words, it gradually devolves into every other shooter of its time.Another issue I have is just how little variety there is. All the enemies - save one type - are either acolytes or robots. Most of the settings are either medieval-style castles or technological settings that could have been pulled out of a contemporary Star Wars game. There's a bit where you first leave town and find yourself in the outskirts, where it looks like you'll get a new kind of outdoor setting.I still enjoyed playing this game, and played it all the way until the end. But honestly, if you aren't someone who played it back in the day and wants to rekindle memories or whatever, I don't really see the point in playing this. It might be an interesting curiosity to see an extremely early example of an FPS incorporating these elements from other genres, I suppose, but you might find your interest waning the further in you get."
,Recommended,317040,16666856,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"Thor, the DOOM-Goat.","This is a perfect remake. While updating the lighting effects, the engine, sound, and just about everything, they kept the look of the game 100% intact. Not every remake of older sprite games need to be polygonal. This is the gold standard of remakes."
,Recommended,317040,13748710,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Runespawn,"(NB - I initially put this as a postscript but I'll put it here just in case: DO NOT LOOK THROUGH THE ACHIEVEMENTS! THERE IS A SPOILER PRESENT! You won't know if you have never played this game before and if that doesn't bother you, disregard but I have so it's obvious to me.)Many, many, many moons ago, I played a demo of an ad hoc Doom-meets-Zelda game on my cousin's PC. Many, many, moons after (early 2007), when I accrued the cash to buy my own PC and a month or two after that when our house got the Internet, I stumbled across a website named Abandonia which served as a threshold for some of the long forgotten classics of yesteryear, most of which were, as they are today, long out of print. Well, that unusual title happened to be amongst its collective and after a little while struggling to get my head around the Metroid Prime of the mid-90s, a lot of fun and a lot of happy hours were spent playing through it.Of course, the game in question is Strife and a few more moons later, I discover that a refurbished edition is on sale in the Steam store at a price which slots in at well under ten gold. Needless to say, the cash was parted as a great game is always worth its weight in gold (or something)! As has been said, it's a first-person shooter in the vein of Doom (particularly as it uses the Doom engine) but with a twist: instead of making cold meat pies out of everyone and everything, there are Zelda/Final Fantasy/Shadowrun-like elements of exploration, character interaction and even some (very loose) stealth elements. More on that in a tick.You start off much as you do in Wolfenstein 3D, in a small room with just you and a guard (acolyte) albeit with no weapon other than a spike attached to your glove. He takes a few punches, but you'll do away with him easily enough. Immediately after exiting the room, and after executing another acolyte, you find yourself in a dystopic village, an unusual hybrid of medieval setting, not unlike Hyrule Castle in Ocarina Of Time, mixed with a futuristic sci-fi world. A small room on the left brings you to a well-spoken character named Rowan, who's vaguely aware of you and what's just happened, and reckons you're just what a friend of his named Macil, the leader of a resistance movement known as The Front (such imaginative names, guys!), needs for their force. After doing a quick chore to prove your allegiance, you're on your way. Sort of.You start off by acquiring a 'companion', a voice from someone named Blackbird: a tough, headstrong lass who lets you know the score. But there's also a strand of charm to her and a sense of humour and you'll find that she's a very pleasant companion and keeps you interested. After a small bit of espionage, chatting to the barkeep and a couple of patrons at the pub (and another guy, more on that to follow) to get an idea of the place and what's going on, it's time to meet Macil and be sworn into the ranks of the front. There's an option to refuse, as there is when Rowan first asks you, but it's not an option that's conducive if you wish to live. He gives you your first lot of tasks, one of which involves dealing with the Sepp Blatter-like Govenor who's happy to turn a blind eye provided he gets paid. It's all going well..... for now.But I digress. It all sounds very deep for a game of this ilk and you're right, because it is or at least is by 1996's standards. It's a shooter with a resonating storyline which twists and turns depending on the choices you make whilst playing it. You're out to get the bad guys but unlike its older, Mars-based cousin, you can't go out all guns blazing, you have to think and get a feel for your surroundings, decide what to do and how you do it. Hence the element of stealth, which though extremely inconsistent (as you'll later find out), has to be used and maintained especially in the village and Commons. The gameplay is vastly improved from the original title, which has a smoother framerate and superior resolution in addition to the standard WSAD/mouse control for FPS games as opposed to the fiddly keyboard controls of old (which never stopped me playing, mind). Movement is better, action is more fluid and for me, it takes the edge off of the difficulty a little bit - and this game is tough! Also, as has perhaps been insinuated, there are no levels as such - you go between the different areas of the game, which totals about a dozen with sub-areas to some, as and when you need to.The paths you traipse and the ending you receive when you're done depend on your decision-making when interacting with specific characters, which usually involves taking their word for it 'cos as there's no real incling to what might happen before you go one way or the other, wisdom does not come quite as conducive. For instance, one of the first missions you receive is optional: a crooked Mafia-esque businessman named Harris who asks you to steal the chalice holed up in the Sanctuary in exchange for riches. Other than his voice actor's DeNiro-like tone which gives you the notion that he sounds dodgy, there's no real evidence he'll lead you to a trap which he does, and that sets the town's acolytes on top of you. Yes, that's a spoiler but trust me, it's one you'll want.Of course, no game is without its flaws and Strife is no exception, suffering the fate of many other titles of that era. There are a lot of graphically-inept maze-like passages from A to B to C to D with a lot of deja-vu moments (wittingly remarked upon by Blackbird on a few occasions) and even though this version highlights the points of interest on the map for you, it can be frustrating getting to them, sometimes even requiring to exit the area and find another entrance in another part of the game (as the areas are interconnected). The AI is very ropey, as it was in nearly all games up until about ten years ago, which would be fine in most other FPS games but not one where interacting with the enemy and often being forced to keep a low profile are required to progress. And when you do have to fight them - stuff like cyborgs, robot spheres, mechanical spiders and ED-209s - they are quite tough and they take a lot of hits, hitting hard themselves. Add to that they are profuse in numbers and ubiquitous in each area and though the game isn't too stingy on health and ammo refills, there are points where you'll find yourself stuck for one or the other and even both. I'd advise keeping two or three save files, particularly if you're playing on any difficulty past and inclusive of Veteran 'cos you might have to end up doing an entire segment again.As with something that little bit different than expected, Strife is an unexpected pleasure. A blaster with a storyline, a world to explore and characters who speak is a very refreshing concept, even now almost 20 years after its release. It's not a game for everyone: if you like your shooters to be more about the killing, stick with Doom, Blood or Duke Nukem 3D. But if the likes of Goldeneye or Mass Effect (not great comparisons, I'll admit) whet your appetite and you can put up with the odd bit of RPG-style roadblocking, you'll find a kindred spirit with this underrated, overlooked and very original classic. Macil says it best: ""FIGHT FOR THE FRONT AND FREEDOM! MOVE OUT!""Score: 90%"
,Recommended,317040,13442743,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AtmaVegeta,I remember playing this game in my youth and thinking how hard and amazing it was.  It still has that great charm and feel too this day.  I'm enjoying it now even more than before (helps that I'm older and not getting destroyed all the time).My favorite old-school shooter and I've had no issues running it so far.
,Recommended,317040,13397353,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Plaip,"Strife on Steam means no more space ants, and that's important to me as a gamer."
,Recommended,317040,25562925,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,supernintendont,"Strife: Quest for the Sigil was released in 1996 just before Quake. As the Quake Engine rendered the Doom Engine wholly obselete, Strife was considered unappreciated. Except one thing to keep in mind: It was unappreciated for a REASON. The story kinda feels wierd and tacked on if you are unfamiliar. The stealth concepts are dated and strange. The two paths normally consist of ""Go on"" and ""Bye!"". But that doesn't mean you can't get used to them. As you get familiar with this game it will definitely grow on you. But you may want to get it on sale, just in case..."
,Recommended,317040,13905868,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sayok6,>Goes into Town with a Machine Gun.>Blackbird tells you to be stealthy>I shoot everything in sight>Some weird Acolytes teleport and shoot me>I die.10/10 Will Stealth Again.
,Recommended,317040,27543929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Brojangles,"This is a great classic FPS and very unique for the time, mixing DOOM gameplay with RPG mechanics, an immersive HUB-style game world rather than disconnected levels, and a branching storyline with sidequests and multiple endings."
76561198161629635,Recommended,317040,21632442,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,knighttristen,"This game is cool. It's set in a futuristic distopian society, and I guess it's kinda like, ""semi open world-ish"". It's got delightfully cheezy dialogue, but at the same time good voice acting. And ofcourse if you love classic Doom style FPS gameplay (which you should if you're a human) Strife has plenty of that also.Pros-fun--good music--cool art direction--quest system--some stealth-Cons-short-"
,Recommended,317040,24619262,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,todpolle,"I keep saying DOOM is a great template for shooters. With Heretic, they introduced an inventory system. In Hexen, they made hub worlds. And the Build engine is basically an upgraded DOOM engine with more possibilities for level design with layered floors, destructible scenery and explosions. So what can Strife add to shooters in 1996.Story:Unlike other shooter which just had a story to add context to what's going on, Strife has a story with characters and pacing. Not a great story but an enjoyable one. One day, a comet crashed into earth and a plague killed a good chuck of the population was wipe out. However, many survivors started to hear a voice and made a religous movement called the Order which enslaved humanity and kill the women and children. Now a rebel force call the Front to take down this evil force, once and for all.So, yeah. Not special but it works and I even have a theory about one part of the story. One thing I do like is the choice you'll have to make which changes not so much the tone but the structure of the story. One path makes the game shorter by making it, just kill the bosses, the other lets you explore a whole other area.There aren't that many major outside of Macil and the Oracle but most prominent is your radio partner, Blackbird, who mainly gives you commentary and what and who you should be looking for. I'm not the biggest fan of her but I do enjoy her dark sense of humour.Gameplay:I want to talk about the weapons first, mainly because I think they're pretty mixed: The knife starts out weak but slowly becomes useful to take out guards later after some upgrades, the cross bow is weak unless you have poison arrows, the rifle is the all-purpose gun, I didn't get much use from the flame thrower, the mauler is a powerful shotgun, the grenade launcher is powerful but hard to aim and the rocket launcher, while a decent weapon, is one of the weakest rocket launchers I've ever used. Then there's the plot important Sigil: very powerful but I don't use that much before I got a new upgrade for it outside of boss fights, then again it uses your health to use and you'll need all the health you can get.Like Hexen, this game has a hub system where you can explore, and talk to people. That's right. Talk to people. normal people, shopkeepers and even enemy guards who aren't trying to kill you yet. Sure, not everyone has anything interesting to say but it's a nice feature considering the tech. Also you can buy health, ammo and armour at shop scattered around the world and in some area's you can upgrade your accuracy and stamina. Stamina increase your health and how strong your knife is and the accuracy...I don't know, maybe help with aiming, I didn't notice.Presentation:While each level does have a different look to it, the colour pallet might make some levels repetitive like the factory section or the fortress and the enemies design are pretty bland and the villagers are just the same guy with different shirts. I will admit I really love the way the whole world is layout. If you put all the maps together, you get an open world that explore but there's properly nothing in it. I still thinks it's cool.The music is pretty enjoyable but like the music for the town or the power plant and the voice acting is fun in a hammy way. Also, the art for the cut-scenes and character portraits look good, if a bit cartoony but I'm okay with that.Verdict:The last ""offical"" DOOM engine game I'm aware of and definetly worth it. Not my favorite shooter but a top ten contender.8/10"
,Recommended,317040,28888979,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hare1222,"Worth owning. Based mostly upon theGOG.com(DRM-free) and ZDoom compatible WAD versions of Strife. Deus Ex before Deus Ex.PROS:+ Good sized open world, which opens up more with story progression.+ Fluid gameplay with tight controls.+ Pretty good story with some interesting plot twists.+ One of the first games to blend FPS with action RPG successfully.+ Very low hardware requirements (even running smooth on a Nvidia 3100M GPU).+ Windows/Mac/Linux versions all included.+ Both m/k and gamepad support in the Veteran Edition.+ Multiplayer included in the Veteran Edition.CONS:- 4th generation (PS1/N64 era) graphics."
,Recommended,317040,17224971,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,eugene chong,"Great game. Finished on Bloodbath + getting 17/20 achievments (minus 3 talismans, bad ending, and online game) in ~18 hours."
,Recommended,317040,13515385,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheGZeus,"Fantastic game so far. I've had to re-acquaint myself with mid-'90s era FPS rules, though (I'll get to that in a bit).First off, the postitives, sans nostalgia:- Good quest system. You talk to people, join a faction, do the quests, get rewards. No EXP for increases in health or accuracy, those are some of the rewards. Simple.- The level design is great. There are multiple ways to approach a goal, and each will change how things play out (sneak in the back door and you don't have to fight off the entire city)- Your choices matter, and you can make a wrong choice. It always bothers me in a game where I supposedly have any choice possible that I can't kill the big baddie right in front of me, even if it breaks a quest.- Fantastic voice acting, for the most part. A couple minor voiced NPCs are a bit... odd. Not terrible, just a bit ""...interesting choice...""- You can name your saves, and make multiple saves. Again, many modern games don't even let you manually save. I like to be able to know what I was doing in X save at Y time. I have a sheet of paper to keep track of my Skyrim characters -_-Cons:-If I have my screen set to a resolution lower than the resolution set in the game, it doesn't start (Linux). I'll report this bug at some point. It's not a big deal. I just forgot to set it higher after playing something else once.- The movement is slippery and floaty. That's accurate to the time it was made, but after playing newer games for so long (though I did start on Wolfenstein 3D) it's a bit rough to go back to this. Not a huge deal, though.- No real cue as to whether guards are hostile before they start shooting.- Mouse settings are bizarre. If you turn off mouse acceleration, you lose all mouse movement. Had to balance 3 sliders in 2 menus until I got something useful.  EDIT: Hours after posting this review, the mouse issue was fixed. Very cool.- Nearly all the NPCs look the same. Can be confusing. Luckily we have the quest markers in this version.These are NOT cons! Just things to remember when you start playing, as this game was made in 1995-96:- This game does _not_ auto-save. If you don't save, you will lose all progress. Happened to me a few times already with me facepalming at my stupidity. It just has so many concepts used in more modern games, I forget!- Looking up/down does NOT equal aiming up/down. It's convenient in that you can see what's shooting at you, but this is basically DooM, and looking up/down didn't exist back then. Perhaps turning off Classic Mode will change this, but I think I'll stick with this, personally. Really make that Accuracy stat mean something ;)- All in all, this game holds up pretty dang well. More playable than Daggerfall, I can say that much (and I think I've put a hundred hours or more into Daggerfall this past year. Just saying that this has aged far better. I think I'd say the same even if it were running in the original engine!).The greater story depth makes me think it might have aged better than DooM itself! If you're looking to introduce a millenial to 2.5D FPS games, I think this might be the game to do it. I'll be testing this theory on my nephew soon."
,Recommended,317040,26496239,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,rip ur entire party lol,Stop waving your ID in my face and go in.
76561198052380786,Recommended,317040,27703995,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Momo_San,Oldie but goldie. Brings back memories....
,Recommended,317040,13398828,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ashe,FIGHT FOR THE FRONT AND FREEDOM!MOVE OUT!10/10
,Recommended,317040,24831433,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cambreaKer,Doom + RPGs = Strife
,Recommended,317040,15180599,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",very awesome if you want to play mods with the game open the strife folder and right click the strife wad and run with zdoom. You will have to download zdoom first this makes the game funner to play and why I gave a thumbs up to it.
,Recommended,317040,22055834,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Feno,Fight for The Front and freedom! Move out!
76561198065806040,Recommended,317040,22592567,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ednooooo,Strife is a blast to play! If you love Doom and Duke Nukem then Strife is for you!
76561198195398514,Recommended,317040,22623296,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,smithys_son,"A good FPS, thus far it has a good story, but the graphics are rather old, still fun, especially for DooM fans"
,Recommended,317040,14219708,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Scythe Plays,"Although I never played the original version of this game, but anyone who's a fan of DOOM should pick this up right away!Think of it like DOOM, but focused on a single-player adventure with fleshed out quests and light RPG elements. The only thing missing is leveling, but money replaces experience ;)THE GOOD (7):-Extremely tight controls! If you've played DOOM (which I'll reference a lot), you know how Strife plays exactly! This style of control doesn't exist for shooters anymore and it's too bad because the gameplay is quick and exciting. You'll never get frustrated at the controls :)-Great story production! Although I'm not very far in the game so I'm not sure about the overall plot, but the game has full voiceover work and even has some cutscenes presented as a stylish comic-book!-Multiple endings! I still haven't gotten a chance to beat it, but I read online that there's at least 3 different endings (probably more), and when is that ever a bad thing?-Cool Quests! The questing is never more than what it should be. ""Go to this area and turn this switch off"" or ""go kill this guy for some cash"". That's all I want and expect from this type of game and it gives incentive to explore some side maps :)-The main town! This might seem tiny, but I really like the town! Guards (which are enemies on any other map) won't shoot you, and so long as you don't start killing people at random, you can relax and shop at your leisure.-Shops provide ammunation and in some cases new weapons, so you'll be hard pressed to run through the game without ammo, but don't go shooting walls randomly ;)-Surprisingly long. I still haven't found time to beat it! After the first boss (which took me a very long time to get to), I thought it was the end of the game. Instead I was presented with a strange new weapon and told that ""there's 4 more pieces to that weapon"", so I guess there's 4 more bosses!THE BAD (3):-The music is pretty lame and sometimes outright annoying. It had me laughing and I love how cheesey it is, but the music is bad XD-Keeping track of quests can be a bit tricky. This version of the game has added the ability to see quests on your map, this is great! But the icons pointing you where to go won't disappear once you've completed one part of the quest. It will point to the quest giver and the objective at all times, adding more icons for quests that require you to visit multiple locations. Often I found myself backtracking to an area marked on my map only to find I'd already finished that part.-Sewers. Once you get to this part, you'll know what I mean.If you'd like to see the game in action, here's my First Look :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY5R7HDmupkFINAL THOUGHTS:What can I say? The Original Strife: Veteran Edition is a tight game that any DOOM fan will love! Most other reviews talk about how Strife was overlooked because at the time there were some huge game releases.I'm glad I was able to pick this one up :)-Thanks for taking the time to read this review! I hope you found it helpful in deciding whether to purchase this game!"
76561198035643084,Recommended,317040,13810105,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jr786,"Another Personal Favorite MS-DOS Game turned Windows Port from my Childhood. I used to play the ""Trust No One"" Demo back in the day, but now I can enjoy Both the ""Quest for the Sigil"" Retail Version & ""Trust No One"" Demo the way it was ment to as you Choose to Side with The Front Resistance Movement against The Order Cyborg Clut, The Order Cyborg Clut against The Front Resistance Movement or work alone as a Wandering Mercenary.As for the storyline, its somewhat odd: Set in an unnamed world in which a Comet strikes the planet, releasing a virus that kills many, yet for those who did not die, begin to hear voices in their minds and for those who hear this voice form a fanatic group called ""The Order"" who is bent on domination and have developed powerful weapons to seize control but are also bent on murdering women and children who have been exiled into hiding while the men are live in fear of their lives where one wrong move and the Order will destroy them. You take the role of a Wandering Mercenary who come to a town for no reason and is caught by security in a Waste Disposal Facility, after fighting his way out, he gains the attention of someone who sees the potental and has him join ""The Front"", a group of rebels who are bent on wiping out The Order and reclaiming their rightful place in the world, but the Tagline for this game: ""Trust No One"" holds VERY True."
76561197988004955,Recommended,317040,21589053,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Magné,Zombie-cyborg-ghost-potato slaying simulator
,Recommended,317040,33269701,Posted: 5 July,all,Mr. Jellybean,Good game but at the end you can get stuck for hours without a tutorial
76561198049506966,Recommended,317040,29535025,Posted: 27 January,all,Species,Absolutely love this game.
76561197993008513,Recommended,317040,31579789,Posted: 6 May,all,VGA,Great for the fans of Doom engine games :D
,Recommended,317040,28258591,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Gacha Man,Woweewoowah! KIng of the Castle! King of the Castle!
76561198215775328,Not Recommended,317040,30971343,Posted: 5 April,all,doomguy64,"I have played five Doom Engine games: The Ultimate Doom, Doom 2, Strife, and the first sets of levels for Doom 64 and Heretic. I think this game has lots of cool features such as voice acting, talking to people, buying stuff, branching paths, and you can even set people on fire >:). However, I found it shallow compared to the other games I played. The first third or fourth of the game was exciting, but the rest eventually got a bit repetitive. The music is ok except for a couple of cool tracks. The enemy variety is not that interesting; in fact, I hate that giant Inquisitor robot because he keeps spamming grenades. The bosses are very easy and basically the same. Most of them just spam lightning attacks at you. Only a couple of them have signature moves. The Inquisitor should've been a boss instead of an enemy"
76561197970538611,Recommended,317040,15632765,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Westenra,"Strife runs off the original Doom engine, and while of course Doom is legendary, I always thought Strife did it a little better.Gradual stat growth, breakable glass walls, enormous non-linear maps, hubs, customizable weaponry, branching mission design, inventory, and neat contextual death animations. If you accidentally shoot an NPC, it will enter a wounded state before it dies. You can set baddies on fire, or vaporize them. There is often a degree of freedom as to how you approach encounters, but it's when negotiations break down that the real fun begins.The setting, a sort of post alien-invasion medieval England, is instantly likable and fits the story and unique enemies well. Strife is full of shooter innovations that set it far ahead of the pack. Naturally, it was almost completely ignored by the gaming press while simultaneously being borrowed from for years to come.This new release is the best version yet, featuring crisp GL graphics, bug fixes, a subtle (and welcomed) map marker system that shows you where you need to go, and a new secret level."
,Recommended,317040,15485326,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",Spoiler Alert: Geoff is the alien.
,Not Recommended,317040,14062024,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,NoobixCube,"Strife was a great game in its day, and it still holds up.  This port, however, I've had no luck with.  The mouse movement is terrible, both jerky and unresponsive (and this is the ""fixed"" version, so I hate to think what it was like before).  Setting an Xbox gamepad is painful, there are no default layouts, or suggested layouts.  Honestly, buy this for the wad files, and play it in a better sourceport."
76561198001258566,Not Recommended,317040,23780640,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sysedit,Partial Controller Support here means that the controller support has a UI but does not work.
76561198009999866,Not Recommended,317040,23768320,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,vonmac6,"WELL I tried to get this game to work WIN 7 but only got audio had to reboot every time still nothing ,shame because i like vintage games. i then appied for a refund, hope you have better luck than i did ..."
,Not Recommended,317040,33432992,Posted: 10 July,all,Chicken Bot,"If it wasn't for the horrendous maze like level design i would say this game is worth playing through, unlike stuff like Doom and quake and those games are super ugly to look at, this one however is actually fairly doable, you just look up the screens above and you can really tell they put a lot of detail into the game, but again i can't stress enough just how bad the maze like levels are, they make you go around in circles for that 1 hidden lever that opens that one random door is just so frustrating, and it's honestly a shame because aside from that the game is fairly enjoyable."
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,317040,18576212,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,dfaugust2k,"went into my ""crap"" catagory."
,Not Recommended,317040,13514033,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"When I was a kid I got Strife because I was told I'd like it because I like Doom. And I love Doom a whole lot.But I have to let you in on a secret about Strife.The secret is Strife is a bad gamewith bad map designand bad enemiesand bad weaponsVeteran edition is a totally competent rerelease, but sadly it's a rerelease of Strife."
,Not Recommended,317040,23738735,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mclane,STRIFE IS MY FAVORITE TF2 YOUTUBER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HEISREALLYEPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197978878971,Recommended,317040,19315318,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Primitive,"Very great Source port for our modern PC's, totally recommend this game who enjoy other 90's games like Duke nukem 3D, Blood and whatnot.. Thank you Devs for bring back my childhood memories :)"
,Recommended,317040,13459653,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zok,"Ah strife, that ""forgotten"" game, i remember that night of 2007 where i was looking in the wiki about ""Doom Clones"" games. then i checked the official games using Doom Engine: Heretic, Hexen and then found one i never have played before: Strife: The Quest of the Sigil.And then i played Strife, and what was the surprise?? that this game ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!.for years i have played mods for doom, some heretic and hexen maps. and Strife feels like a mix of Hexen in future.  what i mean this game use a HUB system so this is: you leave a map and if you return to such map you will find it in the way you leave it.Strife besides the HUB system have the quest system, which depends in the choices you do trought your playgame you can get the best, the ok or the bad ending. so read careful and choose your answer to get the best ending ;)Strife Enemies most of them are just robotic beings and the last one, aliens being. so this is not about ""things come from a portal and try to eat human kind"" weapons are different in this game thoug, from a quiver with lighting and poison bolts to vaporizer weapons or... the sigil.What ""Veteran"" edition add to strife? nice an clean graphics, new DM modes, and oh god that such beautiful lighting system i just cant stop looking at those light system every minute it just make the game looks pretty pretty epic.in Short, if you ask if you should buy this game i tell you: Buy it, Veteran edition bring back alive this old classic forgotten because Quake come out the same year as Strife wich never let Strife shine like the others games suchs a Heretic or Hexen. its time to bring to the light this forgotten master piece."
76561197982909301,Recommended,317040,13412123,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,mercilessrobot,"This game is really great. The structure is surprisingly modern and very playable, Take the best parts of Hexen, mix in some sci-fi, add basic RPG elements, a female helper/narrarator to help guide you... It's a blast. I strongly recommend this to anyone that enjoyed both Hexen and System Shock. A really fun classic that should be played by any serious gamer."
,Recommended,317040,13418873,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mikk,"It's a great game brought forwards to the 21st century, to a wider audience. The game gets the treatment it deserves! The light-mapped areas give the game a livlier look, some other visual effects are not quite to my taste (toned down the bloom and disabled the motion blur) but a great feat nonetheless.Thanks, bye!"
,Recommended,317040,13771800,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gelidus,"New version of Strife is very good, the story is interesting and gameplay too. Tons of action and one traitor - you will be surprised."
,Recommended,317040,13763668,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Harold,From what I've played so far this has everything I loved and cherished about old school FPS's. I may not have played many of them but I spent countless hours watching my father when I was younger. This game may not have the same recognition as games like Quake/Doom and Half Life but it sure deserves it and I can tell I am going to enjoy countless more hours in the future.
,Recommended,317040,13770158,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,delukz,"Played this as a kid, hard not to like it. :)From an age where shooters had levels you could actually get lost in, instead of a straight corridor with cutscenes."
,Recommended,317040,13719901,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"This game was so underrated and unheard of back when it first came out. I am so glad they did this remake/port.The port is extremely well done, and does it a lot of justice.Some new features:-High resolution texture support, with true aspect ratios.-FoV slider for wide-screen-OpenGL renderer, with a ton of new graphical features to help clean up the dated visuals.-True mouse aiming-Ability to bind all keys on kb/mouse/gamepads.-Steam Achievements and Steam Trading Cards-And a ton of old unfinished content which has been 'restored' and completed!This game is one of the first FPS/RPG's ever made. Seriously, buy it. It's great."
76561198084819662,Recommended,317040,14633422,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,pauldiazberrio,"Strife was a cutting edge game that helped put FPS RPG on the map. I have played the original DOS version once and I enjoyed it very much. New ways to interact with people and the environment were what made the game great. There were only illustrations of people with the voice overs speaking, but it was the beginning of what would later become lifelike interaction. It was the precursor to Half-Life, a foundation for a more real time experience. Strife was the grandfather of the RPG and I am very  glad Steam has brought it back.The weapons are inventive, thought provoking and very impressive. The story is top notch and the level designs are varied and very imaginative. The spectrum of color is wide and Strife has many charming elements, both subtle and unsavory."
,Recommended,317040,14413253,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,lot3k,"This game, much like doom, was a defining title for me in PC gaming.  I still own it and have played the original through dos box, but when I saw it available with an updated engine and supported multiplayer I couldn't stop myself from buying it.  This game is not only a solid piece of nostalgia, but also serves as an example of excellent game design and execution from what I consider a golden age of PC gaming.  I highly recommend buying this game, and experiencing it.  It's aged well, and serves as an excellent mile marker for revolutionary gaming and the growth of the platform as a whole."
,Recommended,317040,13630850,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stingfire,"Totally worth the money. This was a pretty innovative game for 1996. With a mix of great FPS gameplay and few RPG elements in a fully connected and large world with a playtime of around 8 hours. Strife has a dark and intriguing story full of great characters and amazing voice acting for the time, along with good music and an awesome artstyle.Everything was made better with this modern port. Graphic and control settings in tune fully with the many Doom ports and slight tweaking to the overall gameplay with bugfixes and inclusion of some unfinished game features.8/10"
,Recommended,317040,15167188,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Commander Dicker,This game is harder then my♥♥♥♥♥♥on a sunday night. This is the one game that makes me wanna beat my self off to death cause of how good it is and how i feel that i've been cheated out of a good gaming experience this few years. I whole heartedly recommend this game but bewary you will lose your anal virginity and your♥♥♥♥♥♥may get bigger then my if used properly. Also smack your♥♥♥♥♥♥at the computer screen that helps with everything
76561198147004052,Recommended,317040,15172823,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hobbes,"I've played both this game and the ZDoom port of the original.  Besides a few new maps, the Veteran Edition doesn't add a whole lot to what you get from the port in terms of gameplay.  It also throws in achievements, trading cards, and a couple of new in-game things (Blackbird chiding the player upon death or quiting; three collectible artifacts).Strife is an old-school shooter; it's built on the Doom engine.  It's not a game that holds your hand, though it doesn't throw you out on the street, either.  Several levels are very maze-like and can give inexperienced players problems.  Also, it's not always clear whether it's a good idea to head to an optional area once it's available or progress in the main story first.  I haven't tested it, but it's possible to render the game unwinnable if certain missions are done in the wrong order (I do know that the Veteran Edition removes one specific way of making it unwinnable).The levels are interconnected; with very few exceptions, it's possible to revisit every place you've been whenever you want.  Teleporters make travel a bit easier.The weapons in the game have a nice variety, though the electric bolts are pretty much completely worthless.  It's also quite easy to play through the game and never pick up the Mauler.  In my three playthroughs, I only grabbed it once. It's available in two or three places.The story is strong, with maybe two-dozen voiced characters.  However, the pacing is a bit odd.  Without giving anything away, this game ends rather abruptly.  After accomplishing a key task, you stroll into a structure which you didn't know existed before, fight through a couple of rooms of enemies, confront the final boss, and that's it.  The time between the penultimate task and the boss is five to ten minutes.If playing on harder difficulties, this game can be unforgiving.  It's not that the enemies are mercilessly hard (they're tough, but with only a couple exceptions are not overpowered); rather, it's that the health and ammo which you depend upon are available inconsistently.  It's very easy to find yourself low on supplies and in a tough spot.  Sometimes they're scarce; sometimes there's more than you can carry, forcing you to leave them behind.  You could theoretically backtrack and pick them up again when you need them.Strife is a rare example of an FPS/RPG hybrid.  The aforementioned voiced characters are a big part of it.  You can choose text responses in dialogue.  You don't make too many plot altering decisions, though several of them affect what order you perform your tasks.  It's also possible to miss large portions of the game, either through decisions or just not going to certain places.Overall, Strife is a very good game.  It has challenge and charm.  If you like old shooters, play this one."
76561198006428651,Recommended,317040,15889059,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,shadoweva13,Man i love this game was one of the best of its time was waiting for it to come back
,Recommended,317040,16732243,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Schiz0id,"A port based off of nintendo 64 reverse-engineered code, with some doom source port mixed in.the game itself is par the course of rpg open world shooter, and yet manages to do it better than its predecessors.The story is immediately campy but believable and doesn't have the cheesy, dramatic bullcrap that most in the genre have and fail at achieving (see: bioshock infinite)The end result is absolute awesomeness. Also, if brutal doom was released with this port I'd pay handsomely for it."
,Recommended,317040,17038981,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ShinAli,its so gud its like STRAFE
,Recommended,317040,13462162,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Malificarr,This game was ground breaking when it came out and the core mechanics & plot still hold up today. Its pretty old now of course but if you don't mind sprite based graphics on a modified Doom 1 engine this is still an amazing experience.
76561197990484397,Recommended,317040,13466376,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Horizon,"Bought it because I never finished the original. The RPG part is kind of over stated- it's just a health/accuracy increase after each mission (more or less) and an ammo capacity upgrade if you have gold. Has voiced characters and an actual story which is something different for Doom style games.There are a couple of engine limitations such as aiming vs. actual trajectory when trying to shoot at things close and high above and player hitbox is seemingly huge when explosions occur.Some levels are a bit of a drag (i.e. the sewers...) and with only the occasional quest marker it can be a lengthy exercise to finish a level.Ammo is scarce mid level which forces you to think about how to use weapons effectively. With a fun story and fairly unique levels, Strife manages to be an enjoyable look back at gaming in the early 90's."
76561197970415737,Recommended,317040,13456248,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zours,"No way! I had no idea this game was being re-released. I never had the chance to play to this gem properly as it is nearly impossible to get an original version at a decent price. If, like me, you loved Hexen Dark Forces and System Shock this game is for you! The game was given a nice polish and looks fantastic without losing its original charm (you can still switch between classic and modern style if you don't like the enhanced graphics). The controls have been updated too and feel impeccable. This is a very pleasant surprise! Thank you thank you thank you!!"
,Recommended,317040,13449869,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,agaures,It's the ever amazing Strife with fancy effects added to it. It makes for a whole different experience.
,Recommended,317040,13372890,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,redneckdrow,"Solid remake of an old classic! These guys are bringing some of my favorites back from the dead!GNU/Linux support AND an open-source engine from a commercial developer? Pinch me, I'm dreaming! :D9.5/10 (Because it ain't Wizardry 8 w/Linux support like I was hoping when someone told me Night Dive re-released an old game. Joking.)"
,Recommended,317040,13373045,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Jerkamie,"I remember my friend lending me this game on floppy disc's or something, and me playing the hell out of it until I lost it. Really neat I get to play it again before I die of my heart attack."
,Recommended,317040,13360518,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,LiamBull1996,First time playing this and for the doom engine this is really impressive!
,Recommended,317040,13375678,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bandit Keith,Did a really great job of updating this classic and bringing it to steam. A really fun and very unique game in it's day that still stands up to this day built on solid doom gameplay with some more depth.
,Recommended,317040,13379799,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,-L7- themaniacboy,"Great game and awesome re-release.I've played this game years ago, but never finished it.Now is a great time to do it."
,Recommended,317040,15734776,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,JayMang,"One of my favorite games from childhood. It's still fun, and if you enjoyed playing Doom just as much as I did, Strife is a MUST TRY."
,Recommended,317040,15054596,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Níðhöggr,"It's Deus Ex's old-fashioned granddaddy, an FPS/RPG built in the most advanced version of idTech 1, the Doom engine. It's fast-paced, the limited RPG mechanics largely staying out of the way, and pretty brutal at times. Also, it's surprisingly open for such an old FPS, especially one built in the Doom engine - anywhere you go, with very few exceptions, you can go back to at any time. You'll want to, considering how much they put in to explore.Don't worry about the engine feeling old, either. This port is very well done, it feels modern. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles that, say, GZDoom has - but it's also easier to handle, doesn't allow you to do things that would break the game, and has a few very welcome additions. Directional damage indicators and different crosshairs for each weapon help in combat, and objective markers are a blessing on some of the more labyrinthine areas. The options menu is comprehensive, although it does have one problem in that it doesn't actually tell you what your FOV is currently set to.This is a great re-release of a great old shooter. Buy it, for the Front and freedom. Move out!"
,Recommended,317040,14883011,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Straight up balla holmes,I ♥♥♥♥ing love strife
,Recommended,317040,14648991,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Decemberklar,"I'm not really going to say much about the game itself, it's STRIFE - if you don't know about it - there's plenty of reviews out there about the title itself.I was concerned that this'd just be a cashgrab at an older title (you know, poorly configured DosBOX configuration with no real love given to it), but Night Dive did a good job on this modern release. I'm not entirely certain what engine they used, but looking at the source code (included with the game) - it LOOKS like a fork ofChocolate Doom. Night Dive's efforts have given us a classic title, truly upgraded to a modern experience. The game looks fantastic - not overly done with anti-aliasing or other flashy features. The textures look a bit crisper, the controls are tight, and there's a few subtle lighting features added in.Is this something you can do yourself with a copy of the Strife1.wad and a Doom source port? Yes. Though this package is good for a quick pick up and play with minimal to no configuration. Night Dive Studios also recovered/finished some of the original content never included in the original release (Capture the Chalice specifically) - I can not say for sure if this replaced content is embedded within the included wad file or not.All in all, this is a great port - and I look forward to more of Night Dive's releases."
,Recommended,317040,14735822,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Viscera,"Strife is an old-school FPS, made with the Doom engine, that never got much recognition, because it was a bit aged by the time of it's release and, even worse, it came out a mere month before Quake made shooters full 3D, making Strife look downright antiquated in comparison. It's a shame, because it's not only a very good game, it was downright revolutionary.It was one of the first shooters to actually have an actual story in the game, instead of being just a mindless slaughterfest, before Half-Life made story in shooters normal. And Strife's plot is actually quite good, at least for its time. The story of the order and its underlying secrets is not really anything special, but it's interesting and, along with the gameplay, can keep you motivated for quite some time. It also uses a twist that would look rather bad or out-of-place in many other games, but works here very well and is foreshadowed enough. On the other hand, the plot can also get confusing and it's not always what exactly happened. It feels like the devs didn't think out the story quite as well, as they should have.The characters are... serviceable. Non gets much screentime and development and they only exist to drive the plot forward. The most interesting one is your invisible companion Blackbird, who is quite chatty and lets out many entertaining comments, that sometimes skirt the fourth wall.As with any old FPS, the gameplay is the most important part and even Strife is no exception. And as with any old FPS, it's no walk in the park. The enemies take away your health pretty quickly and if you have no healing items (or turned auto-heal off), you can find yourself dead very quickly. On the other hand, healing items are pretty plentiful, so the game isn't too harsh. At least on low-mid difficulties.There are also light stealth elements, for which you have two ""silent"" weapons. Very light, though, since it's impossible to finish any area without combat (with on possible exception). For the most part, the purpose is solely to thin out the enemy ranks before the proper fight starts. Other enemies don't care if their companions die near them, expect when they are very close, so that works very well.At first, it might look like the game is pretty free, not exactly open-world, but possibly non-linear. This is not the case, though. There is not much you can do aside from your current objectives and attempting to deviate from it can potentially make the game unwinnable (although the Veteran Edition makes it more fair in that regard). There is only one time where you can make a choice that affects the story, but even then there is clearly a ""good"" and a ""bad"" choice.There are three endings. Two depend on the aforementioned choice, the last on whether you die in the final battle.There are a good amount of weapons in the game and everyone is quite useful in their own right. Two weapons have alternative ammo and another one has an alternative fire mode, effectively increasing the amount of weapons. Also, one is modular and fires differently, depending on how many pieces you have. However, it also uses your health as ammo, so it's use is limited (mostly to enemies that can only be hurt by it).The presentation is pretty much what one would expect from a 90's shooter in the Doom engine. It's 2.D, 3D but with 2D sprites for characters, items, decorations and pretty much everything that isn't the map itself and very pixelated. The music is MIDI only, which is a rather mixed thing. The songs itself are good, though. Important (and a few not so important) NPCs are presented with big portraits in a comic style, which are pretty well-done. They are also voiced, which is a mixed bag. Generally, the voice acting isn't very good, but the way it tends to be overdone and hammy is actually pretty entertaining. The best one is the aforementioned Blackbird, who has a pretty pleasing voice. Which is good, because you'll hear it the entire time.The Veteran Edition improves the visuals with widescreen support and additional effects. Especially Bloom enhances the graphics a lot and makes it kinda hard to go back to ""vanilla"" Strife.I can recommend this game to everyone who likes first-person shooters, especially old ones. By now, it doesn't look very impressive anymore, but it still holds up nicely and is especially interesting for retro shooter fans."
76561197978830358,Recommended,317040,27898609,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Carad,"Awesome fps that somehow went under the radar back in the day, but still a great game, especially with a little help of tweaking and a few small updates."
,Recommended,317040,27094392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Si-MAN,"A fair description would be Doom:RPGNo doubt that line has been used over and over, but very accurate. You start of in a sewage plant, after dispatching one or two guards, you emerge in a town. Going through the first door, you will get your first quest, to retrieve a ring. The game carries on in this way, leading you to a rebel group, which you'll join.The game works very well, has a range of interesting weapons, boss fights, and even stealth missions, if you so choose to play that way. You have currency, which you can use to buy gear a the local shops, or to patch up those bullet holes in your face, at the doctors. The combat is generally fast paced, although it prompts you to think about health and ammo conservation, as you won't find a giant medical unit on every other wall to top you up.I have to admit that i'd never played Strife in 1996, and hadn't even heard of it. I felt i owed it to the game and the developers to find out why this was.It turns out, that Strife was using the standard Doom engine, and came out a few years after the first Doom. The game was criticised for not having equivalent graphics to it's competitors, like Duke Nukem 3D, therefore seeming outdated, and never getting the chance it deserved, and ultimately being forgotten about.In the current age of gaming, with games like Minecraft leading the way for a comeback to an almost lost era, with games using phrases like ""pixel graphics"" and ""retro"", to hook players in, Strife finally has the chance to be what it should have been in the first place.An Instant Classic.Somewhere above this review should be a button that says ""add to cart"".Smash it."
,Recommended,317040,35395855,Posted: 1 October,all,Brigador Franque,"Strife: Veteran Edition.A really good game in my book, it's essentially built off of DOOM's engine and has solid combat, story, and mechanics that really go together.STORYIn Strife, you play as a mercenary / soldier / freedom fighter working for an organization known as the Front. See, some years back a gigantic super comet crashed into your planet and unleashed a virus onto your species. Most died - suffering the effects of destructive seed. But those who didn't - became mutated. These mutants now hear the voice and will of some sort of god who helps guide them.Now, these religious fanatics have revolutionary technology, science, and a God-Emperor who imposes their will onto your people. You now live under the tyranny of mad beings. Your enemies are cybernetic mutants who wear bulking armor and hunt down any who oppose the will of their mad god. They've literally  r ap e d your women to build their numbers ten fold. They've stolen your children so they can be brainwashed into a dark cult.These vile beings call themselves the Order.You and your fellow man have been driven underground. But you're not going to go down without a fight. It doesn't matter how many minions they have. It's time for action. Weapons are being built. Soldiers are being trained. The revolutionary thought of Man has been reborn in spirit. It is time for action.It's time for a rebellion.It's time for a revolution.It's time forfableSTRIFE!GAMEPLAYThink DOOM. Seriously, just think DOOM. The shooting mechanics are pretty similiar and solid, each weapon feels impactful and when you hit your enemy it has that same sort of feeling. The animations, sprites, it all comes together to have that idea of kicking alien mutated cultist♥♥♥♥♥and look good doing it.Your weapons range from a petty knife to a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g god killer. In the beginning you start with a knife before meeting a contact. Then he gives you a crossbow with an electric twist ontop of the arrow itself. It's actually pretty cool and when firing it you kind get a feel for the game's ""Physics"". After that, you later make your way up to an Assault Rifle that feels pretty good to shoot. When firing it - it has this feeling of rippling through your enemy. Later, you can get a flamethrower and torpedo cannon to raise havoc.But what the hell are you shooting? Good question. Like I said, they're essentially religious fanatics that have been augmented with cybernetics and mutated by a goddamn comet with a god complex. In other words..., they're the Inquisition.You'll first notice your first line of enemies:The Minions. They're the Order's Secret Police and are charged with maintaing the status quo. Usually, you'll see them guard the hubworld and work under political officials who are trying to make it in this oppressive society. They carry large shields that cover half of their bodies and fire assault rifles while firing. They're pretty intimidating and are generally the Order's Imperial Guard but badass. Personally, I find them to be pretty cool for an enemy and they don't really have faces since their helmets literally hide a pair of bright red eyes with demonic voices but... they do their best to kill you. You'll find more advanced versions of them but that's about it.Then you have your mechanic demi gods and destrucive androids with the only mission of: KILL! KILL! KILL!They create a nice enemy to face and are very interesting - I kind of wish the world itself had a more fleshed out universe  with more of an explanation of the lore. It would have been interesting if this game had a sort of RPG element to it other than it's dialogue. Speaking of which, this game has dialogue. You'll be talking to characters but it's mostly filler and I believe there are branching endings later on which have different consequences to how you deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥Anyways, onto...THE WORLDNow, the world of Strife is pretty simple. It's a hubworld that unlocks over time and as you complete certain stages, you help the Front fight back against the Order. You'll find the Minions guarding certain areas and will attack you if you do some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like... I don't know... start kill people? Generally, the world seemed to be in a Medieval tech level before thefire nation attackedcomet struck the planet. Leaving the world sort of clashing with a cutting edge sci-fi culture. It's fairly interesting.Seeing a mesh of cybernetics and togas is pretty cool. Really, you kind of see the culture resembling like a strange assortment of that medieval culture but it's interesting to see how the people sort of adapted to their new way of life. It's clear that there is a newer generation of people that know only the Order and the older that knows what life was like before the comet. Sure, it's your cliche""aliens have attacked and life has changed""story but I like this one.Anyways, that's the world in a nutshell.SUMMARYEssentially, the version of DOOM where♥♥♥♥♥♥went to♥♥♥♥♥♥because a gigantic comet who wanted to enslave humanity played god instead of Satan himself coming from the bowels of hell to♥♥♥♥♥♥us. And instead of playing Doomguy - my ♥♥♥♥ing hero who owned the original space marine in space about to♥♥♥♥♥♥the alien overlords, we play... Mercenaryjoe. The only thing he has going for him, is that his enemies might underestimate him due to the fact that he looks like Anakin Skywalker but forget the whole Darth Vader♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes aside.It's a nice game.For a nice price.Get it."
