user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,317100,19407362,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Voodooman,"Devs used our money for PS4 version, spent year developing it instead of finishing PC one! Not even single bug or lack of vital features such as rebind of buttons was patched during entire year, because they simply dropped PC version and focused on PS4! And they BANNED ME for this review, what a scammers! Its not even betrayal! Its a fraud! Just watch this video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4EX9udkmEUI suggest everyone to contact Valve support and Gaben personally about this fraud case and request refund as well as ban of this game from steam store until it will be finished, to stop feeding PS4 development with PC user's money.In business practice they sort of took money from one investor and spent those money for making business for another potential investor and gave no crack about their first inverstors.So basically THEY STOLE OUR MONEY and run away doing job for someone else. They will probably return with half ♥♥♥♥♥ PS4 port month after  they will ship PS4 version, and will pretend like they are nice and always cared about us, but we who paid first was just used and will play full game last in the list, they dont freaking care about us, about their duty.How about we all do mass steam refunds despite we played more than 2 hours?  How about we ask Valve to shut down sales of this game on steam to stop this fraud and teach devs a lesson of fair business practice? How about we sue them?This is freaking unacceptable! If they took our money we must be prioritzed and they must deliver content and updates to us 1st, and only when they finish with us they may start working for someone else, but instead they just used us and our money without our awareness of shady development of PS4 version prioritized, still without exact date when this game will be finished on PC!If they was not working on PS4 version they would way faster finish PO episodes and will release at least such a vital PC updates like ONE VERY REQUESTED THAT ADDS ABILITY TO REBIND BUTTONS AND MOVES CAMERA CONTROL FROM KEYBOARD TO MOUSE, to make this game less clunky and actually playable. But they decided its good ide to bite the hand that feeds them.ːsteamsadːDevelopers like this, no matter how good their games are, deserves to face ultimate punishment such a bankrupcy, ban from stores like steam and mass refunds.In addition:AI beyond stupid, stealth beyond primitive, controls beyond clunky (some ""GENIUS"" decided it would be good idea to use digital keyboard keys to rotate camera, instead of using analogue mouse, also hell lot of interfaces not even support mouse input and you have to use keyboard with poor layout. gamepad support is non existent), interface beyond immersion breaking (omni view set world on pause within x-ray mode, maybe on mobile it was good but for pc they should have made it real time without x-ray view to add some challenge and improve immersion, at least option should exist to turn that ugly things off), absolutely no challenge and reason to play, except for story, but its not very engaging with such unchallenging primitive stealth gameplay and very clunky controlls and immersion breaking UI.Also this game just copied (quite dumbed down and casual way) concept of innovative and absolutely immersive and challenging Expirience 112 COMPLETE game with more engaging story and proper mouse controls, so if you looking for something similar i suggest you to buy it instead of Republique, right here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/324770/Update:And here how they excuse such an antimcustomer actions as bans for negative reviews:You have been permanently banned from all Republique discussions.You were banned by a Republique developer.Reason: ""posting false and inflammatory information""- yeah, ""right"". not just quote post does not have anything they claim, It was them who fed us with FALSE INFORMATION entire year, and instead of giving apology they just banned me for thuth about their lies and they hide thread about this away from customers, to keep fraud going. And they did not left reply here in comments to review, where they cant ban me or delete this review! Wow, and i supported these scamdevs, and recommended people in my MGS \ Stealth and gaming communities to support devs on kickstarter and pre-order this game,   (shame i was not aware how it will turn out, if only i knew how bad stealth ai and gameplay are and that game would be half-baked for about year i would not recommend anyone to pre-order it).The only good thing about it - once they spotted by public, they will try typical damage control maybe even will start to care more about PC version, to make all of this look like false, like they always cared about PC version and never used our financial support without our awareness to abandon PC development and focus on PS4 and like they never lied about state of game - which was early access to begin with, and like they never lied about release date of next episodes, that will ""come out soon"" instead of saying truth "" sorry guys, we dont care about pc version much and focused on PS4, once we will finish it, we will probably return to you with half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port, but for now dont expect anything from us, not even vital patch, for about entire year"".Sure, ban your loyal customers for negative reviews and keep liying, instead of giving apology and saying truth! Way to gain sales for this and new games from your company, which i and a lot of people will never support again after bahavior like this! Will report to Valve and Gaben personally about this, steam should have less developers who sells half of game and runs away with money and then tries to silence anyone who spotted them.Update 2:Lol, i just found out that they DELETED EVERY OF MY POSTS IN EVERY THREAD, including those about controls and ai problems with suggestions how to fix them that i posted like almost year ago. That was pathetic overkill, like a personal vendeta. Valve really should not allow devs to permaban and delete anything without Valve approval, because some of them abusing power and banning \ deleting against Steam rules, like Republique dev did.Also just look at forums - they was locking every thread where people asked about EP4 and patches , they was definetly trying to silence people who dicsussed uncomfortable subjects, no other threads was locked.Looks like this dev using fraud techniques since iOs version, which also was abandoned without ep 4 and 5, and it was release back in 2013 there! 2 years and ios pps still waiting! Can you see the picture? They start game for one platform, make part of it, take money from people expecting full game, and abandoning platform for new that has fresh consumers to pay for unfinished game.As for dev statement that PS4 version developed by 3rd party - sounds like lie to me! Judge  yourself - shady behavior on 2 platforms + how come PS4 already has 5 episodes finished, by 3rd party dev, while in-house PC ver ep4-5 still not finished?In trailer nobody mentions (not even logo in credits) 3rd party studio and they claim they spent best part of year in-house on PS4 version and that episodes for it are ready:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAfter 3 years of development we have readied all 5 episodes of the game packaged together in one epic long-form epxpirience on Playstation 4. We spent better part of the year re-imagining game to work with the DualShock 4 controller. We developed console-friendly UI and all-new cover system and implemented hundreds of tiny fixes under the hood to make Republique on PS4 the most seamless experience possibleTime paradox? It cant be! Lie? Lie! La-li-lu-le-liiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeee!P.S. - Read comments to reviewherefor further proves and updates, running out of size limit."
,Not Recommended,317100,16726750,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Taunchi,"Unplayable on my computer (2x r9 270x i7 5930k 16gb crucial ram). Multiple crashes and framedrops. Attempted to play for a total of 43 minutes game-time. Steam denied me a refund for a $20 incomplete game that doesn't work properly and I've only ""played"" 43 minutes of. The only refund I've ever asked for. Screw this game and steam. It's considered a full release without actually being a full release (3 out of 5 chapters available).My rating: 3/10"
76561198025424474,Recommended,317100,14672319,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Menial_Labor,"Oh, my god. I thought the mobile port to a PC would never be this good. Considering the last thing we got from iOS/Android, besides numerous ""casual"" games, was the dreadful Deus Ex: The Fall, I didn't have too much hopes on this one. But, I was wrong. This game, although quite point-and-click like, still provides intense stealth action with very immersing story line. Sure, the graphic isn't top notch, but it provides working game mechanics, intense plot, and quite creative puzzles in each episodes. I can't wait till they finish episode 4 and 5, because I am just dying to know what the climax and grand finale of this game would be.Plus, the bonus in this game is very nice. You will hear everything that is needed to understand this world. It's ture that there are some silly advertisements placed for indie games, but again, it's just knit picking. But all the recordings you find are very good at explaining the situation you are in, and how the world in this game is like.Small complaints though: sometimes the camera is placed in very weird places, so the control of your character can be clunky. As a result, you will get spotted by the ""Prizrak"" quite few times. But it doesn't happened too often, and considering that's somewhat intentional, I can forgive that. Also, I personally think that this game somewhat rips off from both 1984 and Bioshock Infinite, as the main antagonist, the overseer, seems to be the clone of comstock and the society, or the republique, is exactly what 1984 is.Anyways, it's a very good game, and if you like immersive storytelling game with stealth mechanics, this is definitely the winner. Go try it yourself!p.s. those who prefer fast stealthy games should not expect a good stealth action from this game. Plus, as of right now game is bit stubby, as each episode lasts around 2-3 hours. So you are getting about 6-9 hour experience and promise of additional 4-6 hours more.Update: After finishing the game, I think it's safe to say the game underperformed. The atmosphere they created perfectly in Episode 1 through 3 and the story line and suspense that followed were mostly gone on Episode 4 and 5. I'm really sad, because the game just failed to deliver a satisfying conclusion. Instead, it fell rather flat after the climax.However, I still recommend the game overall. The storyline could've been better and the characters could've been better explored. But it still delivers way better experience compared to many other ""point-and-click"" type games. It's just sad that this game had extreme potential but did not live up to it. While it could've been the best game ever (at least in this genre), the later part deliveries just ruins that chance. It's still above-an-average game that provides unique experience, which I believe justifies the rather low cost of admittance."
,Not Recommended,317100,17896464,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gunbomber,"Nice story, nice settings, but horrible gameplay. No way to rebind your key, seriously, we are in 2015! everybody don't work in qwerty... Guards have strange and stupid reactions, same as your character, sometime she won't act because it's too risky or she's scared, but 2cm farther away, she'll go in kamikaze mode without any question."
,Recommended,317100,14705918,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Raffe,"Story, stealth, exploration and discovery. It feels like a survival-horror game, but without the gunplay.Highly recommended if you like atmospheric, considered gameplay rather than fast action. Point & Click movement and interaction, but you navigate your viewpoint by clicking between security cameras, which you can also turn to see more of the room."
76561198056903463,Recommended,317100,14669408,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ferality,"Edit: 2/28/16:It's become obvious to me that i'm never going to finish this review-per-episode, since i haven't played the game in a long time. I still stand by what's written here; Republique is a lovely little game, and worth the 10~ hrs it'll take of your life. If i ever come back to the game, i'll continue the review process.Original Text:I was first clued in to Republique via Penny Arcade; Tycho backed the Kickstarter, and from what i've played so far he was wise to do so. Republique is an episodic stealth hacking game, and a very cerebral one at that. The gameplay is simple and streamlined; picture the camera hacks from Watch Dogs, coupled with the data collection from Deus Ex. There's a lot of flavor text and a lot of backstory, mostly told between email, voice mail, posters, and the ever-present running commentary from Cooper, a chatty ally with obscure motives. Put together, it all makes for a very nice, very compact adventure.I intend to update this review after playing each episode, but if you're the TL:DR type, the short answer is yes, you should play Republique, if only to say that you have.EPISODE ONE... is rather cutscene heavy. This is the introduction to the dystopian world Republique occupies, so the cinematic format is forgivable. From the Headmaster ranting over the PA system to the collectible ""banned books"" you can find throughout, this game reads like Bradbury's Farenheit 451 come to life; censorship, despotism, and thought control are running themes, and the story is better for their presence. You play as a (so far) nameless entity assisting a young teen named Hope, and will guide her through the halls of an ultramodern dormitory of sorts.Along the way, you'll find plenty of items, some of which are collectibles, and others which are more combat centered; understand, however, that combat in this game is simply Hope either tasing or macing the patrolling enemies, usually after being spotted and grappled by them. There's no benefit to fighting every opponent, and typically a few moments of watching will show you the enemies' patrol routes and how to avoid them. There is a pickpocketing option that nets you plenty of extra loot, and as you upgrade your systems, you'll become capable of distracting the guards, mapping out their patrol routes, and even utilising a kind of sonar ping to locate them on your map.Speaking of upgrading, it's done by finding a daemon server, which will upgrade the software you're using to assist Hope; this is primarily used to open doors and item caches, and gives you reason to revisit earlier parts of the map. To gain extra abilities, you'll need to find a Data Broker, which gives you a cash bonus for each piece of info you've acquired and then lets you choose from a short list of enhancements. Standard stuff, but done well; the upgrades feel intuitive in the HUD, and you'll find plenty of places to use whatever you purchase.The game offers the usual options for graphics, though there's a few hitches in the cutscenes, most noticably in the lip syncing and during bursts of static. While annoying, these are in no way gamebreaking, and i imagine there's already a patch being worked on. I didn't encounter any other glitches; there's been an obvious amount of polishing on this port, and the game is better for it.The art style is reminiscent of Deus Ex, or perhaps Bioshock's Rapture before it fell; the revolution that inevitably appears in every dystopian story hasn't fared too well here, or caused any damage to the dorms. The camera views will give you multiple POVs of practically every room and every situation, and some of those rooms (the Atrium, for instance) are grand in scale. Don't expect to spend all your time in corridors, or in dining areas. Even in the first episode, this game makes a point of organically varying your surroundings, and it's a good thing.The voice talent for this game is impressive, featuring some AAA-level talent, and they aren't on holiday. The voice acting is one of the best parts of the game, and I strongly suggest you listen to every voice over and every comment.So, Episode One. A slow burn of an introduction, but a solid start for what is bound to be a very high-brain story. I'm looking forward to this.EPISODE TWO... drops you right where you ended. You'll experience a new plot device in this chapter, where you view a camera recording to discern your next step; it's another level of immersion in an already solid presentation, but on the downside can leave you scratching your head trying to figure out which camera is the one that triggers the recording. I spent a little while longer than i should've in that first room figuring this out, but that might have less to do with the game design and more to do with my sleep deprivation. You decide.There's a lot of flowing architecture once again, the main map being a sprawling library with three open floors. I referenced Deus Ex and Bioshock before, but i'm pleased to say the art style is starting to feel more original and less derivative. Whether it's the textures, or the audio, or even the HUD, there's an organic structure to this game that makes it more and more enjoyable dodging guards and collecting little bits of information here and there.This is also where random patrols are introduced, and god was it needed. There's far too much predicability with the regular guards' AI. The most glaring example of this is when you're lighting up statues for a puzzle to progress the plot; there's a guard whose patrol route makes him stare at 4 of the 7 statues you can light, and no matter what you've done his reaction is the same -- he's just gonna walk back and forth until he sees you. This is more amusing than infuriating, but honestly, if you're going to have dynamic lighting, guards should react to it. What could've been a very tense game of cat-and-mouse was instead a simple question of timing and cover.Still, the story is solid here, going strong and keeping the player off balance. You have a chance to hear the leader of the resistance movement in the first episode, via cassette tapes he's left lying around for you to collect, but i didn't find one of his hideaways with a tape player in it until this episode, and i gotta say ... this guy is crazy. If you were expecting a logical, defensible series of arguments from the resistence, you're going to be disappointed. His rants, however, run true to the heart of the matter: revolution is messy, violent, and dark. You cannot defeat a suppressor with words alone.The voice acting is still impressive here; David Hayter of MGS fame does a fabulous half-crazed revolutionary, Jennifer Hale is biting and precise as a headmistress. I keep wishing the headmaster was voiced by Simon Templeman; not because the actual voice actor fails in any way, but simply because this kind of refined cruelty is Templeman's forte. Still, there's a lot of fluidity and dynamics in the voices, and of course Cooper is still a running element in the game, dispensing advice and objectives without really stating his own intentions or place in this dystopia.Diving deeper into the series, you'll find mounting paranoia and the slow swimming feeling of despair underneath your actions, but that is to the game's credit that it makes you feel that. Keep going past the darkness of the story, and you'll find a compelling narrative that only gets stronger the deeper you go.To be continued ..."
,Not Recommended,317100,19451860,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,mutant_chipmunk,"Played for about half an hour and it keeps crashing on me. I have an AMD FX-8300, r9 290, 8gb of ram and installed on a solid state running Win10. Works great with the steam controller and i love the game. If you like the stealth aspect of Metal Gear Solid and the hacking part of Watch Dogs, along with episodic content then you'll love this game.But it crashed 3 times on me in 30 min and thats pretty shameful, Batman Arkham Knight hasnt done me like that. Going to get my money back and buy it on PS4 since you dont really play this game for the graphics and it wont crash."
76561198089052394,Recommended,317100,30999163,Posted: 7 April,all,JD Herrera,"Republique		* 8/10I never, EVER buy any game on day one. They're priced ridiculously too high. And another good reason to never buy on day one is because the game might not be complete, whole, especially if it has an episodic structure. I've been keeping an eye on this game for so long and I've read lots of complaints for the way Camouflaj handled the product while working on other OS and platform ports but, even if these problems probably have been true, I never noticed any of this as I've started playing almost 1 year after the release of episode 5. And that's pretty soon for me.How did I find this game? David Hayter of course. As a MGS saga HUGE fan as I am I recognized his voice in the trailer, even if he's only having brief deep moments voicing like he did ""Full time"" with Snake in MGS he's still unmistakable, both in the trailer and in-game. Not to mention he's not the only familiar name from MGS, as Jennifer Hayle, Khary Payton and Richard Doyle are present too. The developer's name itself, ""camouflaj"", seems like a big homage to MGS as well. Not to mention the fact that members of the team worked on a chapter of the saga.All of this is being said because they probably handled this product not in the best way, yet you can say they poured they heart into this project. And the latter is the only thing I care about while the first is the reason I buy games years later. So, about this game...Republique is set in a dystopic mysterious country. Censorship, curfews, Cameras every 3 meters, room-cells, armed guards patrolling compounds and Hope, the young girl co-protagonist in this story which is about to be punished by by the guards for her transgressions. The protagonist (you) can hack into every electronic device to open doors and see through cameras to help hope escape. As a matter of fact you can directly move Hope, but your point of view is always limited to the cameras. Guiding hope around won't be simple, there will be guards patrolling around, but there will be chances... To hide, to distract, attack and neutralize enemies. However the game will always push you toward a stealth approach, so patience, attention and the study of the enemy will be the main way to move through the game.There will be small riddles to move on, nothing too complicated, but the most interesting part of the game is the story. Cutscenes have been created with good care, details and direction, and even though they're mostly at the beginning and the end of each episode they really build a great suspance keeping the attention of the player. Unfortunately there's few scenes, but there are collectibles that will show interesting pieces of the story as well, so they really are worthy to be found, especially if you want to hear a freaking and paranoid David Hayter. They're not so difficult to find as well, as long as you take your time to look around and explore a little bit. I actually had to come back for very few missing pieces.Actually I was expecting more from the soundtrack because besides the title track, I wasn't impressed nor much involved by the music ingame.On a side note I must warn you about Episode 4-5.Episode 4 has been kind of revealing but destabilizing. You must play with attention to understand what's happening before your eyes. Episode 5 has an ending that many people consider disappointing and cheap, while others consider more thought than it seems. I can't say it to be cheap and I'm not that philosofical to be able to understand the implications of such an ending, but even I can recognize 2 things:1 - The game was supposed to be longer, or at least to have more accessible areas.2 - The end could have been more acceptable if the relationship of faith built until now wasn't simply ignored with a simple ""are you sure?""In other words, I'm fine with the end but not in the way it has been presented to the player.+++PROs+++GAMEPLAY.I'm honestly missing stealth games like MGS and this one really fulfilled my need for stealth. It doesn't represent a huge and difficult challenge, but I've been easily entertained by the gameplay, the collectibles and the dystopic context, but most importantly...STORY.There are few cutscenes, but they've been really well directed with style, with heart and a clever structure to build suspence in the right moments. Revelations about characters, the place and yourself will keep coming and you'll need more, to better understand the shades of this dystopic world you've been living in.---CONs---AI.There had to be a problem with this. The enemies AI doesn't represent a great threat. I've been caught something like 5 times and twice were ""forced"", and sometimes Hope as well moves on her own without reason, and if she's in a borderline situation (close to an enemy but hidden) she might move on her own and also go right toward him.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
76561198030494799,Recommended,317100,14721100,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Adachi,"Republique is dark, beautiful and intelligent.  It features a fantastic story, an alluring soundtrack and jaw-dropping visuals.  The point and click gameplay is unique and refreshing.  I love that the game actually rewards you for exploring every itch of it.  The voice acting is on the calibur of first-rate Hollywood movies.  There is the occasional techinal hiccup you'll encounter (accessing some areas may crash the game, but can be fixed easily, spotty A.I.) but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying every minute of Republique."
76561197976612595,Recommended,317100,14705057,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MechZahn,"Basically had no idea what to expect here other than it looked intriguing and I like the team behind it's production. What it is in actuality is one of the most interesting games I've ever purchased over Steam for 20 bucks. So far I'm just starting episode 2 right now and the length of each episode is quite long.The Story is extremely immersive. What I like best about it is the presentation focuses on perspectives, ideas and vantage points alike. The main character is a faceless entity whom is perhaps a person on the outside looking in, using the very same technology meant to oppress it's citizens to help a young girl escape. I love the mood it evokes in me. Reminds me of long afternoons trying to figure out what famous novels where really trying to say, those moments as the game quotes but who quotes it escapes me, ""revealing those unspoken moments we all share.""In time I see myself revisiting this game as the episodes come out looking forward to each one. Grateful that someone took a chance at this level to make something new.The only con is the gameplay itself has little real consequence as if you get caught you get set back a way but not really penalized. I started to play far more aggressively once I realized the bottom was a nick not a reset. My one only real complaint, thus far."
,Not Recommended,317100,22263098,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,CajunStrider,"Very good start to very bad finish. In the beginning, you get drawn into the gameplay and story. I fell in love with the direction that this game was going in the beginning with finding clues and meeting other people who are trying to help you along the way. It gave me a ""hunger games"" feel with the character trying to escape. The game is extremely good between episode 1 thru 3. When episode 4 came out it was extremely short and did not bring anything new to how the game was good in the first place. It really felt lackluster and left me with alot of questions. The last episode left me with even MORE questions than i had with episode 4. It might be possible that they are going to make another series of this but I highly doubt it. If you are interested in this game, just play episodes 1 thru 3. 4 and 5 will leave you saying, ""What did I just play for half an hour?"" I really wish they would further explain what was going on at the end. I wanted to rate this game a high score but due to the last two episodes not living up to the first three, I would have to give it at least a 6/10. If you like stealth games, then this game would probably interest you."
,Recommended,317100,14669716,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zachary3D,"I'm In Love.-10/10 MeTo be helpful though: This game is point'n'click/keyboard controls and still is 10x a better IP than Watchdogs.NOTHIN"" BUT PROS:+Characters are SO well written.+Animation is great.+Atmosphere is AWESOME!+Audio and source sounds are on key.+Original ideas and story.+I could go on!"
,Not Recommended,317100,30363890,Posted: 6 March,all,squidwalk,"This isn't a negative review bashing Republique. I definitely enjoyed a great deal of the game. But I couldn't recommend it in good faith.First, let me talk about reasons I'm not giving it a negative review:I'm not giving it a negative review because of the Kickstarter/release schedule. I got Republique during a Steam sale, and waited until it was all released to play it. I don't mind being patient.I'm not giving it a negative review because of technical issues. It performed well enough for me, and the controls were almost always responsive.I'm not giving it a negative review because I didn't like the ending. While this is true, I'm willing to discount a bad ending in favor of a good journey to the end.Now for things I liked about it:The high concept/aesthetic were always on point. The whole ""control cameras directly, control the character indirectly"" gimmick never failed to capture me. I even liked the part 4 ""fewer options/different gameplay"" idea. It was a big change, but I thought it fit well within the universe.The voice acting/character development/writing was good overall. There's room for improvement, but I liked how many characters saw focus, and now they were developed through direct interaction and indirect snooping. I enjoyed the voice actors/actresses casted, they did an excellent job bringing their characters to life.What keeps Republique from getting my recommendation:There wasn't enough pay-off. I'm not the sort of person that needs details spelled out for me, or that minds some dangling plot threads. But there are a lot of ideas presented that either fade into the background, or at best vaguely support other ideas.Republique mismanaged audio-only character/plot development. This is a device used effectively since System Shock, but Republique required players to stop the game to listen to audio-only segments very frequently, without being able to keep the audio playing while you continued doing other gameplay-oriented things. I found myself playing 3DS games on mute while listening to long audio clips, especially while listening to tapes in the hideouts. Republique has gameplay where you sit in one place and watch guards for patrol routes. It should have been a given that you can listen to long audio clips while memorizing patrols.Episode 5 was textbook rushed. It's about half as long as other episodes. It ties up loose ends in unfulfilling, sometimes anti-climactic ways. And it's at least half cut scene. I can stomach an unsatisfying ending, but episode 5 was supposed to be 20% of the game.There's definitely good to be found in Republique. But there's too many annoying rough edges, and too little satisfaction."
76561197969417125,Recommended,317100,23430498,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Republique begins with you answering a video call from a young girl called Hope. She's a student at some sort of academy, but she needs your help to escape from the headmaster and his security guards, who are oppressing the freedom of the students.The player can't control Hope directly, instead you have to hack security cameras to look around the academy, learn the positions of guards, and then guide Hope to safety. You can unlock doors to allow Hope to pass through, and lock them again to block guards. You can interact with other electronic devices such as turning off metal detectors, making phones ring to distract guards, and reading emails to gather information.Its a system that will feel very familiar to anyone who played Watch Dogs. There's a mission where Aiden Pierce guides someone through a tower block, bouncing from camera to camera, manipulating the environment to keep him safe. Republique is that 20 minute mission, expanded to fit an 11 hour game. And that's intended as a compliment, because the hacking was the most enjoyable part of Watch Dogs.Hope isn't completely helpless, and she can look after herself to a small degree. She can find items lying around (or pickpocket them from guards) like pepper spray and tasers, and she will use these weapons automatically to defend herself if a guard tries to grab her. If you tell her to hide near the corner of a piece of scenery such as a square pillar, she will move around from side to side as a guard approaches, to stay out of sight, without you having to micromanage every little movement. Occasionally this can backfire, as there were a couple of times when she moved herself unnecessarily which actually caused her to be seen, which was a bit annoying. But overall her AI is a positive.However the downside of the gameplay is that the guards don't really pose a threat. If Hope is caught, and she doesn't possess any weapons, the guards will take her to a nearby containment cell ... which you can then immediately break her out of, and go back to what you were doing. There is a good reason why the guards won't hurt her (which I won't spoil), but I don't understand why they always leave her alone and unsupervised. ""Hmm, this girl has somehow broken out 10 times already tonight, but THIS time, she'll definitely stay locked up"".If the guards see Hope, but you manage to escape, they'll raise the alarm level (which doesn't seem to have any effect on the gameplay, the number of guards in the area, their likelihood of detecting Hope, etc) for about a minute, before giving up and returning to normal. By episode 4, I actually stopped trying to be stealthy, because the consequences of being seen just don't matter. There's no sense of danger.The story is good for the first 3 episodes. There's an intriguing sense of mystery, and some really good voice acting. Jennifer ""FemShep"" Hale is obviously awesome, and the rest of the cast did a good job too. Unfortunately, episodes 4 and 5 become increasingly more bizarre, and they gave me far more questions than answers. The ending was not satisfying, and left far too many things unexplained.I think Republique had the potential to be a really great game, but unfortunately I'm prevented from giving a strong recommendation by both the lack of challenge in the gameplay and the lack of explanation in the story. My advice would be to wait for a deep discount sale."
,Not Recommended,317100,22667424,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Disjointed five part adventure game.Favorite Thing: Those shoddily made screwdrivers that keep braking after one use.+ Good voice acting for some top-class actors.- Terrible ending. Why give choices when they all have an identical outcome with 0 variation?- A few disjointed chapters, especially chapter 3->4.Playtime: ~ 8hEnjoyment: 5/10"
,Recommended,317100,22905737,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MDuh,"Republique is a mobile port stealth game that came from iOS, but don’t worry about that because it is fairly optimized and the graphic fidelity is bumped significantly against the iOS counterpart.The Gameplay is point and click and it is your job to guide the character to avoid getting caught/detected by the guards. You hop on different camera angles and sometimes on her mobile phone to change perspective and view.The difficulty is almost non-existent though, yes you can try to sneak past to the guards pickpocketing them along the way, but if you get caught, you are only put to a holding cell like a kid in detention/corner but can easily get out there. The only time I felt pressured was on the last chapter.For the Story, it is quite interesting and climaxes at chapter 3, chapter 4 slows down a bit to give you some insight and clues on what is really happening and chapter 5 just reveals the whole perspective of the whole earth in this fictional world.The ending has a twist and has garnered mixed opinions on the players. I think it is quite naïve on the first glance, but If you think about it, the devs wanted to give a deeper meaning behind the ending.Gameplay: 8/10Graphics/Sound: 9/10Story: 6/10Despite the disappointing ending, I'm still going to recommend this game just for the gameplay, artstyle and the setting. If you want a happy ending, stop @ chapter 3 and try to only get the game @ 50% sale price.If you did go past EP.3, the total length is around 20 hours with all achievements completed (My playthrough is quite on the long side). I suggest you to get the game at least 33% sale"
76561197998447471,Not Recommended,317100,17035731,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Halycon Shade,Its a mobile game with a better than average port.Not worth the price tag at all - avoid unless you like point and click.
,Recommended,317100,14912371,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"This is a fun stealthly puzzle game where you help an imprisoned girl out of the Republique dystopia. (I find it fun just to say Republique!)Pros:Neat story about a secretive dystopic society.The story builds a believable and interesting world.You get to hack doors and cameras like some l33t hacker type. (’_’)Lots of backstory you discover by picking up items.Voice acting is pretty good with lots of characters.Has real female characters who are not there for looks. Yay!Difficulty level is good, but not too hard and not too easy.I liked a lot of the hacking powers like hilarously distracting the guards with a ringing phone. They fall for it every single time. xDCons:Lots of backtracking.The controls and constantly switching to different cameras is pretty clunky.Weird bugs like blind entering a room just to be caught by security instantly. So annoying!Only episodes 1, 2, 3 are finished. 4 and 5 are not out yet.A few of the puzzles are kinda bad; heck there's even one where the gamejust gives you the answer if you screw up enough!Feels like Bioshock Infinite sometimes with the Headmaster as Comstock and other things I won't spoil.It was originally a mobile game and feels like one sometimes, often with clunky controls that can easily cause a stealth mis-step. >.<  I kinda had to changeup my gameplay to deal with this by just being extra careful. I enjoyed playing this, but I like puzzlers and stealth games. Not sure what non-fans of these types of games would think. I'd give this a 7/10 for gameplay and 9/10 for story. So... 8/10.  Hope you enjoy it!"
,Not Recommended,317100,22749621,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Denny,"I played through all five episodes and I have to mark this game as THE game who made me the most disappointed after finishing it. Eight hours of gameplay that is more annoying than challenging and then... Nothing. Completely pointless.I will however give the team cred for artistic and technical achievements, considering how this game has to perform on mobile. The art and sound is great considering the target platform. The voice acting can be quite cringey at times. What annoyed me the most was probably the sub-par motion capture acting. A lot of time the body language reflected that of a comedic sketch rather than the tone of the scene and the game.If you don't have other games to play at the moment, I guess go ahead. Otherwise just save your money and move on to something else."
,Not Recommended,317100,25361636,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"This isn't an action adventure game. It's a point-and-click stealth game, which is just as clunky as it sounds.The screenshots lie - the game is played entirely by hacking through security cameras. You never see characters at eye-level like the screenshots show. You see everything through a grain filter from fixed cameras in corners of rooms. You also control your character by talking to them over the radio, which feels really detached. When they get caught, you curse how indirect the controls are and how hard it is to tell them to run away."
,Not Recommended,317100,17403371,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,stevecronin,"Neat Gameplay similar to WatchDogs, gets super repetative though. I love the dystopia genre, wish this game was a bit more story heavy however.EDIT: Played Episodes 1-3"
,Not Recommended,317100,24805279,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chuggs,"The game starts out pretty damn interesting, and that rapidly falls off. The gameplay is repetitive and boring. The storyline is pretty good. Its got a lot of cool literary and historical references which I enjoyed, but after the first few episodes its really a struggle to appreciate that when you have to slog through the boring, basic stealth gameplay."
76561197991756666,Recommended,317100,31380733,Posted: 26 April,all,nerk hayze,"good looking gamepro's-good looking game,-if you're into stealth +,-nice tense atmosphere,-surprises every turn,-nicely optimised end product,-there is action (you'll fool yourself there isn't, turn it off & leave it in your library)-this is a deeper stealth game than many think it iscons=maybe you don't like point & click (this is),=so many leave it in their library unplayed,recommend fullyGame On"
,Recommended,317100,14709870,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,nuclearTrunk,"This is truly ""remastered"" game. Devs have made great work to improve graphics and control for PC.Moreover there are intriguing story and extraordinary gameplay."
,Not Recommended,317100,28817641,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BAPACop,"Parts 1-3: Stealth mechanics are a bit simplistic. Enemies are apparently deaf and have no peripheral vision, but guards having ""sight-cone"" senses isn't exactly a new thing. Neither the area design nor the control scheme would work well to more complex mechanics, and especially the latter wouldn't be able to be changed since the idea that you're only indirectly controlling the main character is important. The game suffers a bit from sense of scale and it feels like the areas were designed with the game taking precedence over the story. There are certainly areas we don't see during the course of the game, but what we do see is a odd mish-mash of places.Part 4: Part 4 takes the mechanics the game has spent time building up and throws most of them out the window. Goodbye dystopian setting, hello horror setting, complete with spooky TVs, mazes, and a giant monster. There are a few plot-important details here, but unfortunately the plot is busy going off the rails. You could skip this part and not only would you not create any plot holes, you'd actually eliminate some.Part 5: Part 5 ends where Part 3 left off.Of course Part 3's ending isstillnot properly addressed.Some new mechanics are introduced, such as cameras that supposedly sound alarms if they see Hope, though they don't work very well, as she can be directly in the line of sight of a camera without issue. They may actually only work on specific areas of the rooms; I wouldn't know because I never got seen by one. That's because this is the point in which a mechanic that I previously ignored for gameplay reasons (the ability to stop time) suddenly becomes highly relevant because when you turn one of these controlled cameras while the game is paused, it stays turned, and the time limit on the cameras doesn't count down while paused. So while I took the upgrade to extend the control time of these cameras because I had the money, it isn't actually necessary. Stop time, turn the camera away from Hope, jump to a different camera, resume time, watch the camera's sight cone, if it gets close stop time and point the camera away again.This part actually is going great, up untilyou make a computer overheat and somehow wind up in  space as the Plot Express finishes derailing. See, Part 4 reveals that Treglazog is trying to store data in DNA, and apparently decided that making clones of people was the best way to go about this even though Part 4 actually has data encoded in petri dishes which, last I checked, are a good deal more predictable than people. So Hope is a clone. One of many. One of them is a 33 year-old, another thinks she's Swedish, another is accidentally killing people in Spain (I may have the locations wrong).Finally space travel ends just in time for the battery to run out because Plot and our hero is saved after a final close call and oh hey, there's the guy we got arrested in Part 3 how'd he get here (they're not going to bother to tell us) and we're all happy and the battery dies just as Hope somehow confuses a blue pyramid for America. Then the game fakes the credit roll and Hope finds a charger, manages to lose the three people near her and wanders into a ceremony with Treglazigzag. No one thought it was important to let him know of all the explosions until this very moment. He is very worried when he finds out because of the data, and you know he's very worried about the safety of the data because he had all the pre-cals (read: DNA-based USB drives) killed and then forgot about that until right now. Tregladyte then yells at the sky in a way normally reserved for the protagonist, but it's okay because Hope hears that Treglazerg had her friends killed and decides ""gee, maybe I'd better let him know I'm right here on this boat that is now here."" And it's okay, because Treglazero is just as confused about his plans as I am and apparently hasn't noticed that different versions around the world have escaped multiple times before. Faced with the choice of going back to Treglazounds, seeking asylum with an Admiral from the United Pyramids of America, or going with the people who helped her escape, she drowns herself.Just kidding. She asks the player to make a choice three times, ignores them, andthendrowns herself. Why? I haven't the slightest. It's like the developers looked at Mass Effect 3 and thought, ""that would be even better if we didn't let the player pick what color the explosion was.""Here's some things the game never bothers to resolve:Who is the player?How/why is the player involved?How do garbage cans contain audio recordings?Can Hope hear the recordings I pull from garbage cans? If so how do I hidethe video of the Librarian's murderfrom her? If not what explains the one time she comments on an audio recordingand how people not holding the phone can see what I'm doing?Why does everyone forget how to make screwdrivers over the next few years?How am I communicating with Hope? Sometimes she addresses the player as if they are a silent protagonist but other times she clearly isn't expecting an answer.If the top of Terminus is just above sea level, how is it raining on the glass roof of the statue room outside Tregalzooks' office when that office is stories lower?Articles are written at 3AM by someone no one has ever heard about regarding three guards that just happen to be guarding the main escape route while an escapee is escaping. Why does no one find this odd?Why does Hope leave her things at the top of the elevator and wander away without them?What does Hope do during Part 4? We know she was in the area, but she leaves the key that is necessary to go anywhere behind. We should see her since we can get to all the areas that are accessible without a key, but we don't.Prideaux gets on the elevator long before Hope. Since she presumably does not have the key, how did she get anywhere? She is afraid of Mammoth so he clearly didn't let her in. Where does she go between going up the elevator in Part 3 and her appearance in Part 4? Why does it take her so long to get to Zager when he is right by the entrance?How does Zager fake his death so thoroughly? If he was shot, why does his uniform not show it? If a fake was somehow shot, how did Zager end up buried?In part 4, False Hope activates some pumps which results in draining Terminus' cooling. This is undone somehow not too long after she does it, which seems highly unlikely given what is necessary to reach the controls.Why would you put a pump that controls something important in a maze with four valves also in the maze?Weep drowns in a moat. How? This is only possible if he made it to an area he could not have got to without a key then decided to jump in a ditch and sit there.Who in their right mind would put controls on top of Terminus? The only worse place would be to put them in a hedge maze.How does the elevator lead to land when the Terminus leads to the middle of open water?Why do I end up in space?How did previous versions of Hope escape? How does Treglazonk not know about this?What is the Arrival?I had some more, but I've hit the character limit.Also there's a minor bug in Episode 3 where Hope can teleport between rooms because the game borrows her for a flashback cutscene and puts her in the room the trigger is in regardless of whether or not she was there before."
,Not Recommended,317100,29420553,Posted: 22 January,all,Pony Slaystation,"I got this game 2 years ago. Still haven't been able to play this since you can't rebind the keys (AZERTY user), and apparently controller support is a console-exclusive feature?I'd love to give a ""proper review"", but since we're 2 years later and this issue still hasn't been addressed... well..."
76561198027236994,Not Recommended,317100,31992035,Posted: 27 May,all,elikos1,"This game has proven to actually be very enlightening. The enlightenment comes from the fact I needed to be reminded that fraud and swindlers still exist.  Chapters 1 through 4 played through with no technical issues. There were lovely graphics. The plot was very engaging working through all of the escape and espionage manoeuvres. These movements became more challenging as the game progressed. I liked the fact that character could progress from a point where they failed rather than go back and repeat a long extended drawn out scenario. If I were to have rated chapters 1 through 4 collectively they would have earned an entitrely different rating. The gameplay throughout these chapters kept player both captivated and interested throughout. Hiding and escaping can and was incredibly difficult at times with very precise sychronicity required . This bacame frustrating but in the end satisfying once the movement action had been successfully executed correctly. Now,we can look at why Republique fails miserably in the final anaysis. To do this we simply need to examine Chapter 5. Here is my short and to the point answer for why Republique fails. The answer is simple. Chapter 5 is, has and continues to be non-operational. It only requires a short paraphrase to explain the issue:At start of opening (beginning of game) screen telephone rings....... As soon as I click on the green bar to answer telephone I am immediately thrown to my desk top,game stops abrubtly.This is as far as Chapter 5 would allow me to progress which covers approximately 31 seconds of gameplay before the abrupt crash and subsequent thow back of the game to player's desktop.  Well the obvious thing to do here was and should be to contact technical support. Having sent an extremely detailed and lengthy e-mail tosupport@camouflaj.zendesk.com. I waited and waited and waited. Suddenly three months have gone by. There is never a single reply from these people. Please be aware that should you have any technical issue with this game you will absolutely get no assistance at all period. This would in turn leave you much the same as me. That is having bought a game which in the final chapter is completely unplayable and non-operational."
76561198030462703,Recommended,317100,14671951,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mr Maradok,"I have to admit, I bought the game back when it was only on iPhone, but I loved it then as much as I love it now. It's so hard to find a game that deals with camera mechanics, and this game has it in spades. Granted, I have to play a all low settings, but that's just me. I also love the new collectibles for the game, adding both a challenge and new depth to the games story.I can't wait to see the rest of this game, but I'd best not overdo it; wouldn't want to burn myself out."
76561198006653128,Recommended,317100,14677423,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"Metal Gear, Bioshock, and Watch_Dogs put together."
76561198149097865,Not Recommended,317100,19789264,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Miss_MelBell,"I was super happy to see episode 4 finally come out but at this time it's unplayable. As soon as you go to pickpocket the wire cutters off of Mammoth, 390 gets launched somewhere into space and out of the playable area. Tried the same area several times :("
,Not Recommended,317100,19751957,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TcheQ,"Edit for episode 5: Unsatisfying finish, unchallenging gameplay.  Nothing new added from the past 4 episodes.  The illusion of choice doesn't make up for what some people would have spent YEARS waiting for.  The game mechanics don't change from episode 1.I'm not recommending this incomplete game.  Episode 4 (of 5) was extremely lackluster.  What exactly was the game company even doing the past year?  It almost seems they tried to stretch out a game that simply didn't have the content to broach 5 episodes.  I'd say it's worth aout $10 in a steam sale IF the 5th episode ever comes out.  Really disappointed."
76561198093162525,Not Recommended,317100,23393154,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,喵喵ニャン,"Chapter 1-3 ★★★★★, Chapter 4 ★★★☆, Chapter 5 ★★☆.Even the Life is Strange's ending is generally worthy of ★★★☆☆ (I prefer to give it ★★★★). The ending can be improved, but at least it tells a compelete and memorable storyRépublique Chapter 5:-too short-lack of character and background reveals-lack of storytelling (I just do some simple task, and... the game just ends like this???)-lack of collectable items (as a result, lack of reveals)-ending is too abrupt-some parts are hard to understand-TILL THE END I DON'T KNOW HOW THE HEADMASTER/OVERSEER/TREGLAZOV LOOKS LIKE (oh yes this is personal)"
,Not Recommended,317100,25793103,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,warriorofsolitude323,"SPOILERS AHEAD.I first played République on my iPad, when it was first released in 2013. I liked it so much that I bought it on PC. I felt gameplay was slightly clunky, but in spite of that, I found the first three episodes great; they had a wonderful, captivating story. Hope really got to my heart. Metamorphosis was beautiful. Even though Hope sometimes ran straight into guards for no apparent reason, my game stuttered randomly and the episodes felt very short, I enjoyed it. Then came the one-year hiatus...and Episode 4. I didn't really understand it until someone explained it to me in detail. It's set on a location completely different to the other four episodes, Hope behaves so strange it's just downright creepy, and I don't fully understand what part of the plot this episode was intended to advance. And to top it off,everything that happened in that episode is practically ignored in Episode 5.I kind of liked Episode 5. Up until what I thought was the end, it was quite good. It was satisfying, it felt rewarding, it was happy. Even though some questions remained unansweredlike what the Pre-Cals' purpose was, why there were something like 10 clones of Hope free in the world...I was more than willing to forgive that. SoHope is free. Cooper is alive, and Mireille (whose actual name is Miranda) and Zager are on her side. Derringer is dead and Terminus has been destroyed. The camera looks at the sunrise over the sea, and a crystal pyramid is seen in the distance. Apart from a slighly cheesy line, everyhting's fine. Hope's phone dies as the screen fades to black.Except that, of course...There's actually another scene after that fade to black. The fabled Arrival then takes place...and it's...not what I expected. It's Treglazov putting his finger on a laptop while the Admiral (?) says some stuff. Then there's smoke, Hope appears, you're given three choices and in the end she thanks you for everything and throws herself into the sea.What an ending. The whole game was about keeping Hope alive, then you go and do this♥♥♥♥♥♥This completely soured the game for me. Although the game was enjoyable from Episodes 1-3 and even 5, the ending...I can't recommend this. I honestly can't."
76561198064246413,Not Recommended,317100,20857354,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,giouzerneim,"Republique is literally unplayable.While the game starts off appearing quite polished, one can't help but realizing its grave flaws quite soon.Many bugs, graphics that bug out, features like upgrading that are essentially useless,   and clunky, stupidly easy and repetitive gameplay with horrible enemy AI, all of which paint a picture of a game that remains underdeveloped, to say the least.Cherry on top, there are times when the main character, Hope, simply dissappears from the screen, so I have to reload the game multiple times until I can ""hope""-fully pass on safely to the next checkpoint, without it failing over and over again. Especially in episode 4, where she has to steal a tool from Mammoth, which is a point that I can't get past so far without having this game-breaking bug happen, so I have to drop this game until a patch comes out.I bought Republique on a steam offer and, reading all the other negative reviews that state the same issues, I feel like I was robbed."
,Recommended,317100,14784392,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Bagame,"Think about 'Watch Dogs' with non of the shooting , driving , stunt-showing and more with the subtle gameplay , great dialogue , sublime voice acting and much more with politic , philosophy , intellectual , journalistic integrity and a dilemma of chaos and order undertone (with a slight homage  to indie videogame industry).Republique : Remastered with 3 chapters aim high and has a lot of potential to going through the tunnel to see the ending light in the last 2 chapters (which , as the dev said, will come soon enough)."
,Recommended,317100,14731904,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Review in progress as I progressWow. This is a point n click that I actually love. And that's a first. The story is great so far, the characters are great, and it's fun unraveling the mystery along the way. With classic voices Jennifer Hale and David Hayter, the characters are really lifelike and have a great personality. The more you ""hack"", the more this totalitarian solitude begins to manifest in your brain. You really feel trapped, not only from the superb stealth elements but the oppression you discover to be your environment as well. The deluxe version is recommended as along the way you can choose these ""dev diaries"" of sorts to gain additional insights as to what they were trying to accomplish. This is one game you will feel like you're getting your moneys worth, something that doesn't happen a lot these days.So far finishing up episode 1, 9/10"
,Recommended,317100,28519624,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,White Shadow,"A rather interestingly designed stealth game, where instead of controlling the main character, Hope, you take the role of the observer who hacks into security cameras and navigates her out of a highly secure underground society that keeps everyone in line and under strict control. On your way out, you'll have to avoid being caught by guards, known as PrizRaks, solve occasional puzzles, and make some choices. Throughout the game you also get to unlock some new abilities to help you deal with certain situations and problematic guards, such as delaying their movements, or hacking a nearby electronic device to distract the guard next to it.The game has a nice level of intrigue, slowly unraveling the story and always hinting that there's something more to this place. There were a handful of unexpected moments too. Though overall, it felt the game went vastly downhill in the late stages. The whole game is broken down into 5 episodes. The first 3 episodes were excellent, focused, and highly enjoyable. They kept things interesting.Then came episode 4, and instead of sneaking around the highly secure facility, we're now plodding along some graveyard and a garden maze, looking for water valves and other crap, and doing all this without a freakin map. Episode 5 has us back in the facility, and though most of it had a reasonably similar feel to the first 3 episodes, the last few minutes of it just took a very strange turn, having you float inside some kind of space-looking matrix and clicking on flashing lights. I honestly don't understand what happened to the game. It suddenly took a nose dive in the last two episodes. As if the people who worked on the first 3 suddenly outsourced the rest of the game to someone else who is a lot less competent. The ending to the story also made little to no sense.Despite the disappointing episodes 4 and 5, I'd still recommend the game for the highly enjoyable first 3 episodes (might be best to get the game at a discount). The setting and the overall execution of the idea is pretty great. It's just a pity that the game lost its magic in the late stages, because it could've been something really amazing."
,Not Recommended,317100,22034365,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"In terms of gameplay, République is fairly straightforward: a game involving guiding a young woman named Hope through various areas guarded by patrols, through the use of a nameless entity who can control the many cameras placed throughout these areas. There are collectibles and secret areas, but by and large, it's not complicated or involved, and the punishment for being caught is mostly ""revert to previous checkpoint"".If anything were to make the game notable, it would have to be the story. But while it does have a few moments (episode 3), the game simply doesn'ttellyou much, instead only offering you cryptic hints in the form of recorded dialogue. Sure, the voice actors did a fine job, but it's hard to get too invested into the characters without more understanding of the whole thing.Given the current hefty asking cost, I'd recommend it on sale if you're still curious about it all, but probably not otherwise."
,Recommended,317100,18563401,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Intuitive & well-presented // Recommended for those who like to explore the nuances of narrative+ Voice-acting is excellent; nearly every line is competently delivered, & emotions are adequately expressed+ Novel mechanics; at first glance, it presents itself as a simple point-and-click, but the ability to control perspectives with security cameras opens the game to an entirely new angle of play+ 3D maps are well-articulated and enormously useful+ Waypoints serve well to keep on on track+ Myriad points of interest in the environment that are interesting to investigate, & go far to showcase production value; most of the game's narrative is advanced by investigating items scattered throughout the environment, and virtually every one is worth listening to, & add immensely to the game+ Subtle, stirring soundtrack; not so jarring that it detracts from the immersion of the game+ Puzzles are unique in respect to each other, & are enjoyable to solve so that the player may progress- Somewhat less than average engine optimization for PC; feels noticeably like a port- Protagonist (Hope) occasionally moves herself into danger if idle for too long; not a game-breaking problem, & it did not happen often, but it had thrust me into a few unwelcome situations throughout the playthroughLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,317100,16474268,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gemanoneko,"That was a tough one. but... no. Can't reccomend it. Yet.I finished the first episode. Something is off... The story is not THAT exciting. The graphis is not THAT good. The gameplay is a little bit TOO annoying (the replays, when Hope is captured).So, get this game if it is on sale, or you have nothing more to play, or like dystopian fiction.Developers did a great job, but for me it just doesn't click.I'll try to play some more. I'll change my review if I'll feel like it."
76561198112936972,Recommended,317100,24118587,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Midnight Storm,"Intro: Initially released for mobile devices, this game is really unusual and that has made it fun. I first found it on the Apple app store the switched to steam around the Esp 3 release due to the game crashing on my phone (its an iPhone 5). It's not a bad port, some actions feel a bit akward for the keyboard and mouse (or maybe I'm too used to the mobile simplicity) but most everything works well and has the same content between mobile and Steam.Story:you are helping a girl (Hope) escape from a facility because she is about to be ""reset"". You are a hacker who hacks into phones and cameras to help Hope escape. Along the way, find cool allies and interesting ""artifacts"" about Hope's world and the connections in ours.Gameplay: Starts off cool, will keep you hooked, nice side ""tasks"" because you must follow the story. Not much free will until very late but that doesn't take away from the story. The story itself isn't too bad, my only complaint isin Esp 4&5 the story twist and the ending --- not my favorite but it's this story so....and some parts seem much too slow and others slightly too fast, but you can return if you want. The mechanics in game are cool, some very new and I wish they could be later implemented in sequels.Overall very enjoyable, if your not too sure about trying it out, get it on iOS because then you can play one Esp at a time and won't have tospend all your moneydedicate to finishing a game if its not for you. I really liked it, I ended buying the full game on two devices and I won't regret it.Best played at night during long car trips, or times where you have a continuous hour or two to kill.9.75/10Edit: I have played through the game, the hours listed in Steam don't fully recognize that.Also, I have played it since it has initially comeout on iOS, added that to the Steam Awards voting; because eventhough it wasn't what I thought it would be initially, its a good game that Ii have proudly tracked for years."
,Not Recommended,317100,19543850,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,redlaser9000,"First, i do not think i have ever reviewed anything on steam before. That being said, i am now. I do not recomend you buy this game. If you do, then do not have high hopes for episodes 4 or 5 ever being released.On a seperate note, the part of the game that does exist is fun, very fun. However, i bought this game on March 2nd. I have been waiting for ANY information about the other episodes outside of the standard ""we are working dilegently""; and yet nothing ever comes. So keep that in mind.Finally, I DO think it is more than a little disrespectful of the devolopers to announce that they are going to begin working on making the game for console when they have provided almost no information about the release plans, let alone progress, for customers that HAVE already paid, despite the fact that a seperate group is working on the console release. The game is not listed as ""early access"" nor ""alpha"" or anything that would lead a potential buyer to think that future updates will not come in a timely manner. This is very disengenious. If it has taken the devs this long to make progress on Ep 4/5 then the game was not really in a market ready state. This is disengenious because by placing the game on steam along side full games, some episodic, they are saying our game is ready. Our game has 3 episodes. You will see regular updates to this game and see it to its completion. Instead they have placated their upset customers and we now stand to end 2015 with no information as to when or if they are actually coming out.i paid $20 usd for the game. 4.6hrs to complete the 3 episodes out. = $4.35/hr of gameplay. Not impressed. Fallout 4, 40 hrs on record, $60usd = $1.5/hr. Life is Strange 16hrs on record, $20 usd = $1.25/hr. So ya. not good."
,Recommended,317100,33175939,Posted: 3 July,all,cpt.spudz,"You’re an anonymous disembodied hacker, bouncing through surveillance cams, hacking all the things and alerting the main protagonist when to sneak past guards. Each episode adds a new level and some mechanics. Much of the broader story and lore is delivered through strewn audio logs and notes, but the plot intrigue is set up effectively within minutes thanks to convincing character performances and excellent world building. The game is chock full of nods towards Orwellian dystopia and literal references to literary classics and indie games. République’s twist digs itself into a love-it-or-hate-it situation during its final episodes, however the overall premise of the game is well done and worth a look."
76561197997192035,Not Recommended,317100,24409019,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,gg,"At the time I was playing, game had a bug that causes it to crash in about 15 minutes of playing in Windows 10.I played between crashes and couldn't finish it because last part of the game was longer than my crash-meter so I was unable to finish without crashing.I posted on forums but couldn't get a reply.Other than bugs:-AI is not the best of its kind.-Gameplay is repetetive.-Art direction is good.-Story is not bad too.Wish they did test it more before releasing."
76561197971111724,Not Recommended,317100,22205030,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,blooline,"I like just about everything about the game, except the ending which is vile.It is a nasty sting in the tail that leaves you feeling depressed and manipulated.It totally ruined the whole experience for me and ensured I would never want to replay this game.I have expressed myself more fully on this subject (as have others) in the discussions thread 'Finished it, finally. So wtf was that all about?? (ending spoilers)' started by AHA-Lambda. My comment No. 78."
76561197972784218,Not Recommended,317100,20674700,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nightshades,game is a pile of crap they made us wait 6 months for the next episode while they used our money to make the console version instead of finishing the version that was already out.
,Not Recommended,317100,19747957,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Ryan,"This game is rather clunky, Graphics are good.. but thats the only damn thing.The characters are boring, the A.I. is absolute sh*t, i have not so much to say about it because i'll be refunding this game."
76561198182287769,Recommended,317100,23730150,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,richelle.sykes,"I absolutely fell in love with this game when i played epsiode one and two. i thought the story and the game play was incredible, and it is. This game definately deserves all the awards it is getting. The story line is incredible.I found episode three to be alright, there was a lot of video and then a crazy twist at the end which really made no sense. Then epsiode four came and i was very excited to see where they were gonna take this, and they did not take it anywhere, they picked up in a random spot where they never explained anything. BUT they still had one more episode to tie it all together, episode five.however episode five was very dissappointing you do not ulitimately find out any back story on Metamorphisis. You don't learn about what the whole point of that place is, you just get to hear some clips. They don't explain anything at all really and majority of that entire epsiode is voice clips that didn't explain much. I was sadly very disappointed.Not gonna give away the ending but there should have been more then one. What was the point of all of it if thats the endingOverall Game play deserves a 10/10Graphics: 10/10Story line: 4/10 (My reason for that strongly stems from the fact that i kept playing in hopes to discover everything about the Republique and discover more into Hope's charactor. The game has an absolutely AMAZING potential to have the most exciting story line AND game play.)Overal this is a very good game to play and if you do not care about story line then you'll love it. I honestly bought the full version because i wanted the story line and i wanted to finish it and it is still unfinished.My suggestion to fix this is make a Prologue (Explaining how they got there) and an Epilogue (Explaining things after) because you honestly cant be serious thats how your gonna leave it? it has an unfinished and incomplete storyline. Don't get me wrong i understand the whole ""mystery"" but there are so many unanswered questions, i can think of 20 but i don't want to wreck the ending or anything for someone.this is an amazing game, you just missed the boat with the story line after episode 2."
,Not Recommended,317100,25329004,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Krexus,"Only having played barely an hour of this game, I already encountered problems with the stealth mechanic. The difficulty to manoeuvre the camera to see the character starts to get frustrating very quick. The character moves on her own (which is horrible when I want her to stay still). The premise of the story seems interesting but the gameplay and controls very quickly takes the immersion away.Click to move mechanic was very clunky and many times ended up not doing intended actions, triggering alerts and all sorts of bad stuff."
,Recommended,317100,22711740,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Glen Fletcher,"I hate stealth games.I died in the Metal Gear Solid tutorial... you know, the bit where it's you, a corridor, and a blind and deaf guard, and you basically get told ""push right to win"".I lost.I died in the CoD 4 tutorial. The unloseable mission.I lost.I quit Resident Evil and Silent Hill after 10 minutes, because they scared me too much.I lost.I... found myself drawn in to Republique.The dystopian, futuristic, mysterious society. The simple, yet complex movement system. The lore, hidden in cassettes, newspapers, posters, and floppy disks.The storyline. The characters. The secrets. The puzzles.Yes, I'm scared. Yes, I'm bad at it, and despite what other people are saying, I am finding it very, very difficult. But I'm not giving up. I'm not putting it down, because I just completed chapter 1, and boy did it just get good.I won.Get. This. Game.You won't regret it."
,Recommended,317100,22001719,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,disc0rd,"A year ago, I bought this game. I gave it a shot and was immediately hooked on it. The big issue was, it only had three out of five episodes available at the time. ""The last two will be out before the end of the year"". Alright, fair enough, right? That will guarantee the developers to make a thorough job with the ending parts.So... first of all, this game is a stealth game where you help Hope (390-H) escaping the facility called Metamorphosis and avoiding so called re-calibration (brainwashed, more or less). I don't want to tell you much more than this, 'cause the story in itself is pretty good and is the only real reason to play this game.Since it was first released on iOS, the interface looks like you're controlling Hope with a touch screen device. But the controls are just as good on PC, mouse to click on where you want her to go, which cameras to control and WASD to look around with the cameras. There's not much else to this game, besides the story - as mentioned above.But back to what I mentioned before, the episodes. The first three each took me about 2 hours to complete. The fourth though, that only took one hour to go through. That was kind of an disappointment, considering the long wait (nine months!) and all. Yesterday the fifth, last, episode was released and thankfully it was good, it was longer and it gave a good ending. It got back to the excitement from the first episodes and I really did like it.Would I recommend this? Yes. For those who like stealthy games and would like a good story. Absolutely. I'm just sad to see it go."
76561197961441722,Recommended,317100,14695606,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Destrier,"A ""point and click"" interface with a genuine story, logical mechanics, and tension built into every second."
,Not Recommended,317100,20639294,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,lanina001,I won't recommned this game until Camouflaj fix the bug at the beginning of episode 3 where Hope won't crawl under the reception desk to retrieve the Zager tape. Broken since ep4 update. Please fix.
,Recommended,317100,20100728,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hitt.william,"Though I have yet to play the last episode (no one has yet at this point, presumably), I have very much enjoyed what I have played.  This game takes some of the mechanics of Watchdogs, and weaves them into a compelling narrative that respects the player's time.  I enjoyed exploring and learning about the world of Republique.  The voice acting and humor is great, and the developer's in-game nods to other indie darlings are endearing."
,Recommended,317100,25340156,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"République does for stealth games, what Alien: Isolation has done for horror games:It has set the bar.It's a bar that should have always been there, but that games like Metal Gear or Deus Ex barely touched on....so this is a revolution in gameplay mechanics that I think was long overdue.(The only exception is the unreal one-time screwdriver system, which is a bloody horrible idea.)I've played this game about half-way, but so far the story is alright. All the gasping that the protagonist does, can probably be edited together to make a long porno, and the oppressive dystopia is constantly being shoved into your face all the time, making it reach Human Revolution levels of hamfisting, but other than that, the story is fine.The camera control (in the literal sense) is pretty sluggish to navigate, and sometimes you don't get the best angles, but I'm fine with it.Play this game if you like non-violent stealth. I doubt that it gets better than this."
,Recommended,317100,19765969,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shyhalu,"Its a unique take to stealth games, and it was pretty enjoyable.Good voice acting, decent graphics, decent story. They even have cool shoutouts to other games via collectibles.The AI isn't that great, after awhile you get acustom to guard behaviour and the game gets pretty easy.Other than that, I didn't find too many flaws with the game."
76561197998364699,Recommended,317100,15833312,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SavageShark,"This is a very exciting and thrilling game.  The game plays out as a series and feels cinematic in every scene.  The character designs are great, the environments are beautifully rendered and gorgeous as game play keeps you on your toes.  The story itself is simplistic that it doesn't need the Hollywood touch to be any better.  You're not trying to overthrow a corrupt government or assassinate some dictator.  You're trying to save a scared teenage girl from having her brain washed, and save her from this underground re-education facility.The game play is so simplistic in design and style it's brilliant.  Even the Emoticons made by the in game help.Republique is an episodic game.  Each episode has a strong sense of fear and dread.  As well as the feeling of satisfaction when you seemingly accomplish your goal.I love the fact that this game has a female protagonist and you play as her mute unseen helper.  Guiding her to safety and freedom."
,Recommended,317100,19673535,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blood_Sport,"The game is fun and interesting. I love everything about it, but I get a crash once every 15 minutes (Or less) that is is not responding. Maybe it is bc it don't have windows 10 support? Last update was in March, and this is just bad. The game is supposed to be in development still since I bought season pass for eiposodes not yet release. So, even if they aren't ready for episode 4/5 release, they should at least fix the bugs people are reporting. If not, I will have to get a refund and alert everyone to stay away from this game studio. It seems, they aren't doing anything even though people are contacting them, steam and through reviews too. Do they look at them? Not reccomended for now, until they fix the major bugs in the game.Please fix it soon, thank you!Well after update including Episode 4, it seems to be working fine. Thank you!Episode 4 on the other hand seems to different from other episodes, she already got to the surface, so what happened after? She automatically appeared in some graveyard, just happens that a big fast maneiac is trying to kill her? So instead of real stealth, you can't defend yourself against him and you are just wandering around a grave yard trying not to get seen by this guy and what does that have to do with previous episodes? I figured Mieralle (if thats how you spell it) was going to find her and bring her back or something of that sort not getting chased by a so called demon. Haven't beat it yet, so not sure what'll happen later but I will beat it and then finish review of what I thought.Thank you though for fixing problems I had, and getting episode out already. :P"
76561198051995879,Recommended,317100,30176860,Posted: 25 February,all,Leron,"A great game for everyone who like stealth games, at first you get a bit lost but when you figures how to do things it becomes a fun game to paly.The first 3 episodes are great, the 4th ant 5th could be better, but in the end its a very recomendable game to play."
76561197988972276,Recommended,317100,15728200,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ShadowFox93,"This is an odd one that I almost didn't pick up, but I'm glad I did.Graphics:  Republique is a pretty game.  The level design and the lighting are very well done, and the art direction is very interesting. Sometimes the only way to see a guard is the looming shadow he's casting from around the corner, and Hope's (main character) face is remarkably detailed.  The only gripe for me is the character models themselves, what they're wearing, are not very detailed.  But this game was originally released for the iPad so I think that may be part of the problem.Gameplay:  I was initially put off by this being a point and click stealth game, but having played if for myself now I can say the controls work very well.  The player switches between security cameras in the level to gain a vantage point and direct Hope through the levels.  It's a little akward at first, but once you get used to I think you have even better situational awareness this way than you would with a traditional third person camera.  The stealth is very reminiscent of the first two Metal Gear Solid games where stealth is completely based on line of sight, so the gameplay is all about hiding behind objects (or inside lockers), determining guard patrol paths, and waiting for an opening.I tend to think of stealth games as a kind of puzzle game.  Where the puzzle is figuring out how to get form A to B without being seen.  Most games like Splinter Cell or Metal Gear Solid have combat systems which allow you to, if you get frustrated, throw the puzzle out the window and then pick the next one up from the pile.  Republique has no combat system aside from using items like tazers or pepper spray, so you cannot brute force your way through the tougher sections of the game.  Having said that, after I got firmly aquinted with the game sometime early in the second episode I would say that while some areas are tougher I haven't yet found a section I deemed unfair.Story:  In my opinion, as interesting as the game is, the narrative is the real high point of this game.  Set in a fictional cult society isolated from the rest of the world, you live in a surveilence state where everyone is both a name and a number.  We aren't told what it is Hope did to get in trouble but the system has had it out for you when the game begins and it's up to you to help her escape.But what is truely impressive is not the main story itself, but the world that the writers create around you.  Throughout the game you have ample opportunities to scan objects in the environment that reveal tid bits about the mysterious city you are trying to escape, or conversations between people that are very telling of the live they have to live in this place.  I would say that the depth of the universe here rivals the work done by 2k's writers in Bioshock and Bioshock Infinite.  And similarly to those games it is through audio logs, email exchanges, and hacking people's voicemails that you find out little bits and pieces of this world you are in that make it so believable.Overall:  It's a very interesting concept that really works.  It will take some getting used to, but it's a solid stealth game.  And if you are into losing yourself in a virtual world, there are few games that create as convincing a universe as Republique.Final Note: This game is episodic.  At the time of this review, only episodes 1-3 of the 5 episode story are available.  This should not, however, discourage you from buying the game, as you do not pay by the episode as other episodics do.  When you buy the game, you are paying for all five episodes, it's just that not all five episodes are ready right now."
,Recommended,317100,15719053,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sketchomatic,"Okay, so I've just played all about 20 min of this game. And HOLY CRAP! For sure thee most different game I've ever played. I read how people can relate it to Watch Dogs, however I never played that game. But I can see the reasons as far as technology/hacking ablities. But damn this game looks so beyond anything I haven't already played. Which is mostly scary horror games. Some Sci-Fi like Deus Ex, and the like. But this one, its just too darn hard to try and describe in basic words. Its like cinema movie quality style gaming meets text to speech meets 'Watch Dogs' and they all get really high together...Republique is what you get. The directing is a work of art, and the way you can jump in and out of different camera's computers etc....feels like your controling the Matrix like a program on the loose. While guiding this girl who rocks the Eminem style hoodie through the genius designed levels.People, its like watching a movie...that's how clean this game looks. Its like not a game...but a game/movie non stop cinematic cut scene. Sound effects are genuis, graphics, characters voice acting, all superb. Plus I was lucky to grab it on sale."
76561197983509381,Recommended,317100,15742406,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,GetDUNKED,"TL:DR - A hacker helps a girl called Hope escape from a dystopian futuristic cult = much Win.Reminds me of a much less aggressive metal-gear with much more emphasis on sneaking around rather than direct confrontation.Graphically beautiful, not quite up to the most modern big budget games but it makes quite an astonishing effort.Sound-track is perfectly placed, builds the right amount of tension without being obvious about it.Game play is fairly simplistic. Use the CCTV cameras to help the girl escape the big mean guards; a direct confrontation almost always ends badly for the girl. The only gripe i have is the auto-changing cameras when protagonist moves from one cameras view to another, especially when you're trying to watch a guard.Well done, can't wait for the next episodes!"
76561198023859189,Recommended,317100,22681083,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,*Edited 5/2/2016 (pieces cut and clarifying statements added)I was surprised by it.The things I liked:I like sneak games in general.The difference with this game is you are tactically guiding the main character stealthily to safety.More than 1 way to skin a cat.*Things to consider:*You're POV is the cameras in the building. This is not everyones cup of <favorite beverage>.*Tactical games aren't for everyone.A couple pet peevs:The episode cuts seemed a bit jarring. I had a hard time immersing myself in the game.I was disappointed by the ending? (unless they are doing more episodes)
,Recommended,317100,16386732,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Luparax,"As I write this, I am about 4 hours into the game and just finished the second of five chapters. Doing some maths tells me there are six more hours of gameplay. Color me Impressed.Review of République RemasteredGameplayI am not sure where to start, to be honest. République Remastered is a point-n-click stealth game, played entirely by guiding around a character point-n-click style while viewing the environment and rooms through various cameras installed at every corner. Imagine Watch_Dogs camera hacking system, except in good and as a full game. Perspective can be changed at any time, as long as there is another camera close by to take control of.The stealth system works reasonably well. Enemies have a cone of sight and can hear footsteps if you are running. You can lure them away by activating telephones and speakers or disable them by means of either pepper spray or tazers which are just rare enough that you would rather save them for important bits. Doors can be hacked in order to shut enemies in - or out.The character you control moves slow but very smooth and tries to stay in cover as long as a command allows for it.  Minus points for the missing feedback when clicking on items that can be picked up. On the upside, picking up items always triggers a verbal response from the protagonist once the item is in the inventory.I have only played the first two chapters, but so far I have not encountered a puzzle I wasn't able to solve within a reasonable time frame. In addition, you can't lose at this game. If you get cought, you get escorted to the next interrogation room which you need to break out of in order to proceed. Interrogation rooms serve as shops to upgrade your hacking abilities as well as recharge station for your battery which is needed for hacking. Think of interrogation rooms as your classical save room - having said that, saving itself is done automatically. As you might imagine, I don't find this game very hard. Moving around undetected and solving puzzles in the meantime is just challenging enough to keep me both focused and interested.GraphicsThe game was developed using the Unity 5 engine. ""Uh, Unity"" I can hear some of you moan already, but hold your horses for a second. This game does not look bad at all. It is not the crisp and shiny that we are used to from triple A games, but it stands it's ground. Apart from some blurry textures on close up camera shots I haven't really found a point I would like to complain about. My conclusion: Solid work.Atmosphere - Sound & LightingI don't do that very often, but here is a new category for you. I think this is important enough to talk about seperately, especially in stealth and point-n-click games and République Remastered is both. The sound design is surprisingly solid. Electronic sounds for camera and hacking and computer stuff often manages to get on my nerves, but in this game it does not. They tie in very well with the game world and your actions as a player. The same can be said for the rest of the sounds. From closing doors to the sound of a guard talking into his headset, everything feels as if it is supposed to be that way.In addition to the sound, the lighting in this game is well done. Nothing too spectecular, no big lens flares or sun sets or optic illusions. Instead, it feels as if the lights have been placed with the idea in mind to make everything look as normal and average as you would expect it to, if you were to ever walk those rooms. Again, very solid work.Concluding this little excursion, I would say that both sound a lighting make for a great atmosphere.StoryThe story of this game is set in a dystopian now. The protagonist girl - called ""390-H"" or ""Hope"" depending on who you ask - is trying to escape and underground building only referred to as ""the facility"", which seems to be her home, school and prison at the same time. You (as Hope refers to the player) are tasked with guiding her through that facility, evading the local security and making her way up to the surface. The facility is lead by a man only referred to as ""overseer"" or ""headmaster"" who, despite stating good intentions, seems to control the facility by propaganda and teaching programs, while keeping a close eye on it's inhabitants through the surveillance systems and delegating tasks to the security.So far, the story follows an almost straight line through what I would like to call the ""dystopian vally of total control"". Government is oppressing people by exerting total control via propaganda and surveillance, people found resistance, protagonist finds resistence force, joins up and destroys government. Of course I can only speak for the first two chapters but the tendencies to go there are as inconspicuous as an elephant trumpeting the national hymn.Having said that, I like Hope as a character. The game manages to make her someone that I actually want to help, and not only by scratching the forth wall like a wild animal while never breaking it fully, but also by the fact that she is struggling with almost mundane situations that most people are familiar with. Good job, République Remastered.ConclusionNow to the question at hand: Is this game worth it's money? To that I can only say ""Yes, it is"". Unlike most stealth games nowadays which seem to emphasize on knocking people out or stabbing them in the chest with weapons of varying effectiveness while they are busy staring at some mental image only they can see, this game came as a welcome surprise. I can't rightfully say that the idea is completely new, but it certainly is a game that I had - dare I say it - fun playing.This is Luparax, signing out."
,Recommended,317100,16415730,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,firynth,"The game mechanics in the game are done very well, though reminds you a lot of Watch Dogs. The graphics are amazing. The story captivates you and makes you want to play the next episode. The only negative I have right now is episodes 4 and 5 aren't released yet and I really want to finish the game.  I cannot wait for the story to finish out.  The devs did an amazing job with this game and all the references/nuances in game are so well done."
,Recommended,317100,14740286,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,I lose to bots,Amazing game the story was absolutely enthralling! The game play was intense and had me sitting on the edge of my seat worried. A few small complaints... The punishment for getting caught was so minimal it made it harder to be afraid of the guards or prizraks due to fear rather than just moving on in the game. Second the camera would sometimes jump to another camera closer to Hope for seemingly no reason which  made some navigation a bit more complicated. Overall fantastic game! Cannot wait for part 4 & 5!
,Recommended,317100,14740694,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Phroday,"So far, I have played two of the three available episodes. The first was a great first episode, setting up the world, getting you used to the gameplay and characters. The second does exactly its job as well, expanding the story and world and providing more difficult movement and action. I am excited to break into the third, and recommend this for folks who like Telltale or Metal Gear games, as it is quite the combination of the two."
,Recommended,317100,14794607,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,blockbuilder16,it looks like a great game but when you first get hope out of her containment cell the game crashes please help me i really want to play this game
,Recommended,317100,14820837,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BaronDrake,"When I bought Republique I wasn’t really sure what to expect from the game, what I knew came from the description of the game on the page. That it was a topical point-and-click stealth game made by people that had separately on Halo, Metal Gear Solid and F.E.A.R which means we have people from Bungie, Kojima Productions and Monolith Studios. These are all good games in their own way but I wasn’t sure what this game would be.Episode 1: ExordiumThe first episode began with a minor interrogation of a Pre-Cal known as 390-H or as we came to know her Hope (H-093) after which her cell phone is delivered to her via a security guard simply called Cooper who will help you and give you advice via messages as well as comment on indie game cartridges of his that Hope with your help finds throughout the episode (and presumably in future episodes as well).You however don’t play as Hope, you merely guide her, you know how in some games there are invisible people who help you and guide you but you don't know who they are, well in this game that is who you play as. You are an unknown person who via Hope’s phone has infiltrated a facility, this république, for some reason. You hack yourself into the cameras that are all over the facility and look around after guards and scout head to learn the patrols of guards and with this information you guide Hope from hiding  spot to hiding spot.There are certain cyber-abilities that you can purchase with information you find throughout the very large level to use to your advantage, I purchased 4 out the 5 available but only ever used 2 of those, 2 of those was the abilities which allowed me to get more information just because I wanted to read all the emails and listen to the audio messages. One of the other abilities I had I forgot I had and the other I never risked to use. Hope can also find pepper-spray, tasers and screwdrivers to help her, screwdrivers to get into air-vents, pepper-spray to temporarily disable guards and tasers to permanently disable them. As for them all of them are useful and help but I didn't have to use more than 2 of both pepper-spray and tasers and I believe 3 screwdrivers.The stealth is quite easy, apparently if you get apprehended you get escorted back to a cell but that never happened to me so I can’t say that is the case for certain that is only what I’ve been told, but it felt tense and I was constantly afraid of failure which kept me on the edge of my mind for the 4 hours it took me to complete the first episode. The story and atmosphere are both exceptional and interesting and it is a very good start and I look forward to the rest of the episodes, I will not say more on the story than I already have since I don’t wish to spoil it to anyone who think this is enough to buy the game already.Episode 2: MetamorphosisReview on the way ...Episode 3: Ones & ZeroesReview on the way ...Episode 4:Coming Out Soon ...Episode 5:Coming Out Soon …* Each review for each episode are written shortly after their completion."
76561198027957114,Recommended,317100,14955010,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,artem.august,FANTASTIC!
76561197974105367,Recommended,317100,14914518,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,METAL,"its like experience 112 ,aka the experiment.guide a lonely imprisoned girl through a dystopian underground facility. use surveillance cameras to guide her and upgrade your omni tool to access before locked areas and other upgrades that help you plan a save path from these called prizrak officer who stall the facility and catch her if being seen. she can also use weapons like a stun gun, pepper spray or knockout mines if being grabbed by these officers.the puzzles are logical to solve. not really hard in my view but a fun little switch from sneaking around.very interesting story too and with talented voice actors like femshep........i mean jennifer hale, the game is even more intriguing.there are some annoying moments that when you want to keep an eye from a different angle and guide the protagonist to a certain spot, it will swap cameras automatically to her current location that makes you lose orientation for a second. also, you always have to pause the game when you just want to quickly swap cameras or look at something. which is a good thing at the same time too, for choosing a better route.so, now all 5 episodes are out. the ending is not what you expect. thats all i will say about epi 5. it was a great experience. even when it took them a long time to release epi 4 and 5."
,Recommended,317100,14741102,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ukju,Great adventure game with pretty simple but fun stealth mechanics.Environments look great and the plot keeps you guessing.
,Recommended,317100,15509455,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Finished the first chapter.Good and basic point-click stealth game.Good, AI, graphics and unique niche game.Decent gameplay but a bit slow pacing since its stealth.8.0/10 for a smaller game and for what it sets out to do."
76561198038173522,Recommended,317100,24285165,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kisho_Seiko,"Fully recommend this game.  The gameplay is unique, the story compelling, and while most of the characters are 2-Dimensional there's enough tension and storytelling to make you brush past that.  Also, PLENTY of collectibles and completionist achievements that encourage risk-taking behavior."
,Recommended,317100,14673933,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lionarith,First impression: Nice storytelling and not a common Point & Click Adventure. Great atmosphere.
76561198100405453,Recommended,317100,17760123,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,wertasgh,"honestly this game is pretty great. its got a really nice story and you actually do feel for a lot of the characters who get given some backstory, even those trying to catch you.each chapter is about an hour long if you rush it, maybe 3 if you take your time and probably more than 5 if you're actively seeking out everything. only 3 chapters are available and have been for a while now so you may be cautious about buying if you dont want to buy an unfinished game yet (i didnt know about chapters when i bought it :/ *sigh* ) but even as unfinished as the story is, what is there is a lot of fun to play through.thats the positive part done... now onto some negatives..as for gameplay you may find yourself with that old point and click enrager, the ""camera changed automatically and one click at that exact moment sent me back and forth between camera changes for three seconds"". not too back when exploring. awful when trying to flee from guards :(to add to that the hopes pathing is awful. she'll often try to stick to cover which is good. unless you're running away, in which case a straight run to a hiding place can take you on a weaving path through different cover spots. sometimes she even gets stuck on something and you basically have to draw her a line a clicks to get her back to safety.this can also happen to guards, they can get stuck as well. sometimes it can be good like when they get stuck facing a wall and you laugh as you can pickpocket them and they dont do anything. then theres other times when it happens again but they get stuck on a chair.. right in front an objective.. with a perfect view of said objective.i once checked a corridor i knew had a guard in it but he wasnt there. like a fool i thought he might have got the day off or something and went in to find him staring straight at hope. i guess he was just camera shy or something cause he never showed up until the door opened at which point he just appeared in front of her, like magic.forgiving its faults that, honestly can be forgiven easily enough as some of them are kinda amusing, its a pretty fun game that i'm glad i played through (up to chapter 3 at least since thats all thats available at the time of this review).::::::TLDR:::::if you like stealth games and point and clicks then this game is great, provided you can also tolerate awkward camera angles and dodgy pathing."
76561198043764066,Recommended,317100,14730645,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,in all my years on steam games this is what i have been waiting for good stealth thief watch dogs similar game perfect story and great textures.We need more remasterings in todays games.I look forward to more of these.
,Recommended,317100,17019048,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"This is a very fun game so far, with  story. Also, it is VERY gorgeious if you want to show off your sytem, give this a try! 9/10 until update**"
,Recommended,317100,18962725,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,alison,"République is a pretty interesting game. It's in some weird middle-point between a graphic adventure, a stealth game and a radio show. An adventure because the navigation is completely point-and-click. A stealth game because the moment someone sees you, you are dropped back to a cell. And a radio show because there is a ridiculous ♥♥♥♥ing amount of audio logs, which if you don't listen to there is pretty much no game here at all.The story is a bit hackneyed, but it's a good one to revisit. And the voice acting saves the whole thing. The audio logs are long, very long. But they are very well-acted, so close your eyes and pretend you are listening to a classic radio serial from the days before television. If you enjoy a female protagonist and a bit of dystopian sci-fi, you can't really go wrong with this."
,Recommended,317100,14734164,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kaldire,"steath? oh yes pleasehacking? uh huh!!was this a port from IOS yep but man its great on pc once the crashes get resovledvery fun, lots of backtracking but its worth the effortmany fun references to games and books in the collectablesdecent controls and music is wicked awesomecan someone say tazer? heheif you like slow paced games that require thinking and plotting out a given course based on guards routines somewhat like watchdogs meets tom clancy splinter cell  you will love this game!cant believe this is a ported game its just so, wicked awesomeonly down side is the save system, forcing you to play longer than one might want to.thats really the only downfall! not many negatives to this game other than only 3 eps of 5 are out! but hey just something to look forward to later!buy this game, and id recomment the deluxe to see the evolution of it!and get the wicked soundtracks"
,Recommended,317100,24354136,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | *2* 3] = ~62% (50%-75%)I got Republique for €11.50 and did a thorough play-through which took me 17 hours. Did some backtracking to explore other areas, but even though I must have seen almost everything, I didn't get any of the completionist-achievements, but I must have been close.A thumbs-up? Yes, but it's not a strong one. The game did have a few unique things to offer, had mostly good voice acting, and you can tell that designing all the fragments that form the story must have been a lot of work. It certainly does not warrant an avoidance-warning (aka thumbs-down). I don't consider my 17 hours wasted. Well, maybe 1 or 2 of them, tops.I do feel that they should have done a better job making sure the story's main aspects are transported thoroughly, because I didn't get a full grasp of it and don't feel that this is my mistake. Case in point: The protagonist that you guide through those corridors was full onSHOT DEADat the end of one episode, and at the beginning of the next she was completely alright as if nothing had happened. Maybe that was supposed to be a strong cliffhanger or whatever (The game was published episode by episode.), in any case, that's an indicator that the story might not be entirely solid.What's also weird is that the girl talks like an imbecile or maybe like someone freshly brainwashed during the whole episode that played in ... a different location (<- To prevent spoilers.), then she returned to her normal somewhat sane/sensible self when the story continued somewhere else. WTF was up with that? Why did someone decide ""Hey, for one entire episode, let's make her sound like Eliza Cassan during DX:HR's end-o-matic 2000 where she tried to sound like Ben Stiller when he said 'really really ridiculously good looking'""? Given how strong the disparity is between the voice actor's characterization in that episode compared to all others, I can't explain it with potentially shaky voice direction.And what was that weird sequence close to the end where you, like once or twice in other places of the game, were suddenly confronted with unexpected gameplay mechanics and had to figure out all on your own what to do, which button to push to what end? That was very off-putting. I don't know what that was all about, so I experienced that I just had to do something (which I don't even know what it really is) to move the game forward.The graphics are not quite beautiful, and the animations are wanting, e.g. the characters don't stick to the ground when they walk, like in old games before the proper 3D model animation concepts of today existed.Oh, and there's a severe display bug: I have a 4K display connected (But desktop was at 1920x1080 when I played through.), and the game switched to 4K automatically. But the visible menu tiles were sized differently from the mouse click coordinates - so much differently that you can absolutely not click a few of them because their click-area is to the right or bottom of the screen area. To fix this, I had to change the resolution via config file editing to 1920x1080, which was easy.Those are the negatives. The game is entertaining, somewhat unique, but it has basically no replay value whatsoever, except from the usual ""I'll read this book again after a year"" angle.Thumbs up, but grain of salt."
76561197975750027,Recommended,317100,18937268,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,lloobee_4,"Worth getting just for the soundtrack. The title track is ... amazing. I'll probably be listening to this long after I've forgotten the game.And the game's pretty good too. Weird at first, the mechanics of ""helping"" someone making their way though a stelth game - think ""interphase"" if you're old enough - but it works nicely."
76561197991577951,Recommended,317100,20005409,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[255]ThePhiphi,"What's not to love about following and helping a young woman, by hacking cameras and doors, in a Bioshock-before-madness city? Mostly infiltration (or exfiltration) to help the young Hope to run. Really pleasant gameplay, simple and efficient."
,Recommended,317100,22095690,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,macsrigg,"Republique, for all it's flaws, is a video game I recommend for the mechanics and how you don't even know who you are. You guide a girl through a mysterious compound and learn about the twisted world in which she lives while avoiding guards, solving puzzles, and slowly learning about NPCs that should never be judged by their looks.The game can get buggy, but the concept of not even knowing who you are or why you're helping Hope gets under my skin in a good way. I actually keep going back for little pieces of information I missed in previous plays because everything is needed to understand how twisted this place can be and how monstrous we can become."
,Recommended,317100,19470421,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,St. Joim the First,While the game mechanics themselves are simple it means they are solid and allow for a better emphesis on the story of the game; and the story really is what makes this game along with the unique presentation.
,Recommended,317100,14760855,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,cipherx2,"If you like puzzle + stealth based games, you'll find this game interesting."
,Recommended,317100,14695364,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mc Beep,"Update: Previously I described a game breaking bug in here, which is still not fixed, but it is possible to workaround for now  (See comments)- So this review focuses on the game without bugs..To the game itself:I really like the concept behind this game! It is totally fresh and different to other games. The story is very believable, especially when you look at the raise in surveillance in our everyday world. I played from chapter 1-3 and took around 6 hours, however I did not collect every book or audio file.StoryAs described above, the story is very believable. The voice actors are amazing. There are no ground breaking plot twists or such, but I'd say the story is better than most AAA games (as they often have none).GameplayThe gameplay feels fresh because the camera is controlled by (mostly) you. Its quite cool to have Hope wait at some spot, while you scout the place through the cameras, reaveal patrol routes, hack into computers, gather information and so on. Especially the later bigger levels are great!The planning process that is possible due to the many different perspectives (through each camera) is enlightening. In near every level there is a multitude of routes to succeed. The develpers also included the right amount of backtracking - not too much.However the game itself is a little to easy towards the end, as you have a stuffed inventory and full batteries, so basically in episode 3 I was not once caught by a guard. Also it seems there is no punishment for being caught in episode 1/2 - i dont know about episode 3, except the setback to a certain location in the level.Another minor bad thing about the gameplay is the automatic camera switching - it's quite annoying, as I like to have full control over the camera. Maybe there will be a setting in the future to turn this off?Graphics:Most of the time the graphics is spot on. I did not play the mobile version so I can't compare. But I'd say the graphics suits the game very well. Sometimes the colors are a little washed out, and in some parts you can see recyled posters, newspapers, textures and even level parts. But it always seems kind of realistic, and does not disturb the gameplay. I like Hope's animations a lot - she feels very believable in general. There are some cool effects during camera/room switches, however they tend to stutter a little.Sound:As stated previously, the voice acting is phenomenal. Every piece of content and be it so little got a voice. Ok I have to admit for some posters etc. they used a little trick by not using a voice actor but a text to speech solution. But it is quite rare, and it fits the game world, and is also explained storywise so I have to give credit for this. Oh and the eerie music of the game really improves the overall immersion - really cool.I guess that was a quite long review lets get to the summary.Summary:All in all the game is great! I would even say one of my favorite stealth action games. Ok it could be a little harder, but maybe that happens in the next episodes anyway. The voice acting is great, the story and characters are believable, the graphics and music make you feel a part of this futuristic world. I only fear that there will be some backtracking in future episodes as there were a lot of doors in the complex undiscovered (omni v5), however I'm looking forward to the final? 2 episodes.Hope this review helps some of you with your decision. I know it's a little long.PS: I reported the bug via email, hope it get's resolved soon. Seems the crashes are due to the engine (Unity 5) which is still in beta state. However they are rare and there is a workaround (see comments)"
,Recommended,317100,14766280,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AteAlaska,"The game is amassing, but I want to know when episode 4-5 are coming out, any help?"
76561198118730846,Recommended,317100,14762541,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,amandac1978,i like being the cameras i like this game. so far dont get what it is about. but i hope more eps are going up so i can play it
,Recommended,317100,16931597,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TheUnknownFactor,"A while ago I bought this on a sale. Steam reviews were fairly positive, it was cheap, and the videos looked interesting enough. The only thing was, I'd never heard anyone talk about or so much as mention the game before.The game more or less surpassed my expectations in all aspects. The game is good; stealth is good, hacking is good, story is good, graphics are good and visual style is appealing. Even if I hadn't gotten it on a sale, it would've easily been worth."
,Recommended,317100,17275659,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,je suis baguette 🥖,"An amazing ""point-and-click"" (I use the term loosely) based around stealth with a hint of watch_dogs. This shows what can really be done with the Unity engine."
,Recommended,317100,25417796,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,randallovelace,"An excellent game of intrique and problem solving. Extremely challenging, unique control system (or lack therof).Highly recommend this game."
76561198006730180,Recommended,317100,17468204,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lofwyr,"I've thoroughly enjoyed the game so far.The premise is intriguing - as a disembodied entity on the other end of a phone call, you must guideHope390-H through Metamorphosis, a surveillance dystopia that would give George Orwell nightmares. You have the power to hop between cameras, lock and unlock doors and even create distractions later on, while guiding your charge through the hours before ""The Arrival.""The biggest pro for me is that you can't help but care for the fate of your charge. You observe, you can provide indirect assistance, and you can guide, but you have very little power to intervene. You have to be cautious with Hope - while she does have some capacity to defend herself the supplies she needs to do it are finite. I found myself caring about Hope very easily; sheisrelying on me after all. In that sense,Republiquereminded me ofICO- another game where you find yourself really caring about the person you're escorting. I actually got angry at the start of Episode 3 when I saw that Hope had a black eye from one of the other characters, and I found myself tearing up with her at the end of the same episode. If your game gets me to empathise with a character to the point where I'm crying with them, you've done well.The world you find yourself in is interesting too - I liked listening to the reasons why the Overseer/Headmaster wanted a particular book banned (you can collect them through the game) and the little details and stories you got about everyone and the world they're in really helped flesh things out for me.My only complaint is that stamping ""Kickstarter Backer"" on the info sheets of half the guards in the game broke the immersion for me. I think that could've been done better. Fortunately these breaks were short and the game pulled me back in pretty quickly. Aside from that, I enjoyed and recommend this game, and I hope the release of the final two episodes will continue to provide the quality gameplay and story I've come to expect so far."
,Recommended,317100,17498337,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,oniphy,LOVE THIS GAME. :D
76561198071262658,Recommended,317100,14728933,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tits on Toast,"Engaging story, great atmosphere, tense stealth gameplay, pretty graphics even for a mobile port, performance is terrific and amazing voice acting. I love this game."
76561197960487331,Recommended,317100,15555383,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Oppai Maou-Sama,"This is the game where you realise David Hayter plays a very convincing (and mildly entertaining) crazy person.Also the game is pretty good. The story is at this point still ongoing but is pretty solid, if rather predictable even at this early stage; while some details of the overarching plot are pretty easy to suss out, there are plenty of things that remain pretty opaque, and the ends of the chapters especially all tend to have some sudden unexpected little revelation or twist to hook you in for the next episode. If you're paying attention, you should be able to see a lot of the big plot points coming - but some of the smaller ones will still probably blindside you. Beyond a few minor plotholes (which might be resolved later anyway), it's pretty well crafted storytelling, to be honest with you.You play a mysteriously omnipotent 'computer hacker' who is contacted by a young teenage girl in the hopes that you can help her escape confinement in a strange facility. Without going into full spoilers, however, there are numerous little things in the game which cast serious doubt on whether or not the player trulyiswho and what she thinks they are.Gameplay-wise, you leap between a series of fixed cameras to observe the environment ahead of Hope, the protagonist, giving her signals about when and where to move, hide, attempt to steal from a guard, etcetera. As your inroad into the facility comes from Hope's phone, you can't access cameras that are too far away from her due to signal degradation, meaning you have to keep her on the move to fully explore the facility. As you progress, you can unlock new abilities (such as being able to temporarily jam doors, trapping guards or stopping them from catching up to Hope) by trading the information you've discovered with an anonymous 'broker'. Using these abilities becomes especially important later on as the game ramps up the difficulty pretty steadily; by the end of the third chapter, there can be as many as four or five guards in any given room, any number of whom could be wearing tear-gas resistant masks or tazer-proof vests - nullifying the only direct way Hope has to escape when cornered.The tone of the game is pretty mature; for example, it raises some questions about what does and doesn't count as censorship, but does so without being patronizing. There appear to be branching paths, based on whether you do or don't choose to share certain information with Hope, but it's not as simple as a binary 'do you want to tell her the truth or lie to her?' choice. On at least one occasion, Hope basicallytellsyou that shedoesn't want to knowsomething, leaving you with a choice: Do you show her the footage anyway, because it's something she needs to know? Or do you just view it alone, shielding her from the unpleasant images - but potentially blocking her from something she'd want to see, if she knew about it?It's a much more mature take on the subject and I really hope that the rest of the episodes continue in the same vein, without just suddenly shouting 'ANY AND ALL CENSORSHIP IS WRONG' at the end. I'm fairly hopeful that won't happen though; the devs of this game seem to be pretty well-read or at least have easy access to a bunch of crib notes on a lot of famous literature (some of the collectibles are banned books, all of which have notes attached from the facility's administrator explaining exactly what about them and the themes they represent is so repulsive to his new order), so with a bit of luck the ending will be more complex than that.Basically, it's pretty good! If the third-person no-direct-control aspect doesn't turn you off, give it a try."
,Recommended,317100,14716334,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,WOLF678,"I had forgotten all about this game since the kickstarter, but now I just had to snatch it up.The gameplay is everything I expected it to be. A camera system similar to Watch Dogs, combined with stealth and looting. The atmosphere is what makes it great, with nice looking environments and voiceovers for most of the loot and puzzle items.I do feel there is missed opportunity. The evironments are open to go back and explore, but there is only one way to progress through the story. Disable or sneak past the guards, and complete the next objective/puzzle with no consequences for any choice.It may change in future episodes and I will update this review."
76561198092237785,Recommended,317100,14737314,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,glsky,"Having gone through 3 episodes out of 5, I say with certainty - this is my kind of story. And if you're into immersive worldbuilding, exploration of hot topic issues of the modern world and story over action - this is your game as well.[the review will be updated as the last episodes become available]""I am not a Number, I am a free man!""Republique is set in a compound called Metamorphosis, ruled by charismatic and tyrannical Overseer/Headmaster. The setup resembles, frankly speaking, a totalitarian sect; everyone is prisoner in this Orwellian surveillance microcountry: from the Pre-Cal children raised within to security enforcers called Prizrak (Russian for 'ghost') and even their higher-ups.Big Brother can watch through every camera, and there are plenty of them. Fortunately, so can you. But is this truly a blessing? Just who is the player, the nameless silent hacker who guides the protagonist to escape?While you certainly can rush from one plot point to another, Republique encourages to and rewards you for poking your nose in nooks and crannies, exploring its world and gathering evidence.The gameplay is simple. Stealth is not the point, it's a vehicle that carries the plot and the setting. The point is exploration: of totalitarism, social engineering, propaganda, influence of mass media and fiction; and surveillance. Always surveillance. ""Control is a lie"", dead revolutionary Zager asserts, and the events inside the compound seem to prove him right. But there are Overseer's mysterious allies on the outside to contend with. Someone, someone powerful out there is, if not supportive, then at the very least tolerant of his insular, oppressive vision of ideal state and yes-men citizens.A separate word needs to be said for the soundtrack. Immersive thrillers, be it a game or movie, always benefit greatly from quality auditory component, and Republique has its music right where and how it needs to be.All in all. I give the game 8/10 so far, while I await anxiously episodes 4 and 5. Good going, Camouflaj. We'll be waiting with bated breath to see where you'll be taking us next."
76561198047356270,Recommended,317100,24340181,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Shirelindria,"Fantastic stealth game with an entertaining and original mechanic and intruiging story, with a few small irritations, including 1) way too much mention of Kickstarter (e.g., a character in the game saying ""Kickstarter is a great way to..."") and 2) a somewhat disappointing ending.Despite these flaws, though, I recommend it to anyone who enjoys stealth games."
76561198138566070,Recommended,317100,15614858,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,souldestroyerz,awesome game im just ready for the last couple episodes to come out give this game a try it will surprise you how great it is
76561198027472901,Recommended,317100,15690651,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Charles,"I haven't even finished episode one, but this is so immersive and easy to play. Hope is very endearing and you really become set on freeing her. 10/10 so far."
,Recommended,317100,15632894,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Maverick,"First of all, this must be clarified for everyone: THIS IS A MOBILE PORT TO PC.AND IT'S AMAZING HOW THIS WORKS WELLIn Republique you're some kind of hacker helping a girl to escape from a facility. You view the game from the eyes of the security cameras in the place, and it plays like a point and click stealth game.The story is rich and immersive, the characters are full of life and personality, and the narrative is brilliant. The gameplay is ok, and the voice acting stands out with some great quality worksThere are a lot of fun collectables, what gives the game more replay value, and the semi-open eviroinment gives the oportunity for some exploration.The pacing can be really slow at times, and there is some backtracking, but if you're a patient player, don't worry. It pays off.I strongly recommend this game if you're into stealth games or just want a nice new experience with a good story."
76561198077435087,Recommended,317100,14683194,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sara Ryder,"Game is great, nothing to say.  I am in love"
76561198026528444,Not Recommended,317100,17057414,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,toddzy,boring
,Not Recommended,317100,19741860,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Not Dead Inside,"DEVS: No, no, chill. we gonna release the last two chapters.Me:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsswAbB725o"
,Recommended,317100,18087380,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MegaBadger24,"Here's my preview of the game, stay tuned for a review!:https://youtu.be/OJpMqcsR8k8"
,Recommended,317100,14704248,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,exoplasm,"Some parts reminded me of Splinter Cell (the original). Great stealth game here!The only thing I dislike is the enemy AI being deaf to lockers being slammed shut or doors being opened/closed right next to them. On the other hand, if the AI could detect that it would make some rooms impossible to get through with just stealth."
,Recommended,317100,26195401,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Condre369,"This is a cool game. It seems like it crashes a damn lot, but its a cool game. If anyone is interested, you can download a vetical slice of this game for free in the Unity Asset store. If you have Unity, its a pretty cool project to look at. Its not up to date, but it still manages to load and its still a cool project to look through and test out."
,Not Recommended,317100,24356468,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,marble,really non-sensical ending
76561198090280300,Recommended,317100,25874423,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AlphaMikeWhisky,"It is definately an interesting game. The gameplay is something at least I have never seen before, and it uses perspectives that are unique. Plus it has an A-list voice cast and references classic and modern literature and real-life examples and analogies of surveilence states, which help to add depth and realism to the story."
76561198002243576,Recommended,317100,26078579,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Manthraxx[DK] (RumGevir),An interesting take on stealth games. Very amusing to play
76561198091747337,Recommended,317100,23010346,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Magic Miller,If a book is banned in Metamorphosis that means it's a good read :D
,Recommended,317100,15592953,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Tew,"This game is honestly probably one of the best I've ever played. It's clever use of giving you power and making you feel powerless at key moments is amazing and well woven into the story of the game. The soundtrack, the characters, the voice acting are all mind boggling with the amount of clear effort that has been put into it.The story and POIs are well distributed. You're given enough information through POIs and the scenery that you can start to create your own conclusions however enough information is always kept from you to keep you guessing and create some nice little twists. The game is not particularly difficult, however it can be very intense, especially if you decide to attempt to pickpocket every guard in the game. Reminds me of that old game Lifeline except not terrible. 10/10 loved it and can't wait for the remaining episodes."
,Recommended,317100,14692777,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BushWookiee!!!,oh wow this has a realy great narative.
76561198274218220,Recommended,317100,21377604,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SewnTogether,"A little laggy, but maybe it's just my laptop.This game promotes the stealth aspect to the extreme. The graphics for the map, moving from camera to camera, and the overall scenery is amazing. I hope it has at lest seven episodes."
,Recommended,317100,21990311,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,lyni,Beautiful
,Not Recommended,317100,16493701,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,"not good at all, thank god for steam refunds!"
,Not Recommended,317100,25569091,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Just a Copy,Gameplay doesn't change.Straight story line.Not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,317100,33687121,Posted: 20 July,all,Game Daddy,"Boring game with boring story and uninteresting characters.Your character is a moron who will take the shortest route to where you tell her to go despite the fact that route takes her through a enemies path.The gameplay is repetitive and the graphics are only mediocer, but for some reason pushes my sli 1080 set up to the max.oh and it goes by a checkpoint system so you cant save how you want to and if you get caught you have to sneek miles back to the place you got caught to continue. oh and if thats not bad enough when you get caught you loose all  your stuff with no way of recovering the very useful items youve collected.And if thats not enough you cant rebind your keysGame has good voice acting but nothing else going for it."
,Recommended,317100,20549624,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TrashyDrea,This game is awesome! :) it's dysopia meets sci-fi meets first person shooter meets point and click. Try it!! It's gr8!! :)
,Recommended,317100,22322681,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ali,RATE: 8/10. Hacking method better than Watchdog. More realist.
,Recommended,317100,27788923,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sherloss,"You are a detabase-backup, I'm a suicide computer. We are perfect match: )"
76561198271861062,Not Recommended,317100,33849710,Posted: 27 July,all,yogg the yogaa,it crashes every 15 minutes of game
76561198122999901,Recommended,317100,18828617,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ghostface Killah,I beat off to the girl  about three mintues into the game.Fun to play.
76561198116254829,Recommended,317100,33248750,Posted: 4 July,all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,Not bad
,Not Recommended,317100,14698395,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kaye-,"Only 80 minutes in, but so far, solid stealth mechanics and metroidvania exploration. The story is still sparse, being the first part, but it's not dismissable."
76561198145406529,Recommended,317100,34206787,Posted: 12 August,all,le.tortue,"I love this game!It killed me waiting for the different episodes to come out, but it was definitely worth it. I would and have recommended it to friends.If you love stealth games, this one is a must! :)I normally don't really leave reviews, but I decided I had to with this game. It's great to play and has a great story line.I suppose sometimes it glitched a little bit, but usually I could work around it and honestly I played it when it was first updated so I'm sure it has been updated since then to work a lot more smoothly.If I had ten thumbs, they would all be pointed up."
