user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,317280,23819480,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ParaVox3,"As I write this, I am mid-way through my second play, trying to uncover things I missed on my first playthrough. I'm wishy-washy on whether I'd recommend the game, but went with yes since it was clearly intriguing enough for me to start a second play through. In my view, it had great positives and disappointing negatives.THE POSITIVESThe artwork was gorgeous and I loved playing characters of diverse backgrounds. The story was intriguing and sufficiently unique that I didn't feel like I was reading something done a million times before. The length of the game was perfect for a busy professional who wants to find time to finish something, and it was clearly sufficiently interesting that I went for a second play-through. There were some intriguing mechanics around things like how notes were presented (I liked the layout) and having the player play multiple characters. I haven't done that before in this style of game.Overall, the dialogue was generally well-written and enjoyable. The game felt creative and cohesive. The central mystery was mysterious! The layers of what you discovered about characters as you played were revealed at a nice, natural pace, and it was genuinely intriguing.THE NEGATIVESFor a game that's designed in the vein of a choice game, you could go huge blocks of time without a choice presenting itself. It didn't play well as an RPG for a few reasons - firstly, the fourth barrier was broken a few times because the characters that you're playing had secrets that you yourself didn't know whilst blundering through the story. Secondly, the decisions didn't feel meaningful. As an example to avoid spoilers, if you tried a friendly response or action, you didn't necessarily act in a friendly manner or come across as friendly - sometimes the NPCs would even chastize you for being friendly. Thus decisions felt arbitrary, and the game is more about navigating through someone else's story than making it your own.For me personally, I felt like I was getting chastized by NPCs for the bulk of the game for not analyzing the situation correctly and making the 'right choice'. I'd have been far happier if I felt that every path was a different, valid one towards a goal.The best way to play this game is without the expectation that you're actually playing the characters that you're making decisions for - rather, your observing their journey from the outside. If you expect otherwise, you will probably be disappointed. If you're happy without playing it more like reading a novel than as an RPG, it's probably very enjoyable."
,Recommended,317280,22065479,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"The first time I played through this game, it was on a review copy forIndieGames.com. I liked it enough that I have since purchased it and am playing it a second time.It's a visual novel from the same folks who did Cinders. Like Cinders, it has excellent characters and writing. Like Cinders, it is gorgeous. Unlike Cinders, it's a mystery with two protagonists to give different points of view, and it'll leave you guessing as you navigate different branches, ask different questions, and get different pieces of the puzzle depending on how you play.I highly recommend it. If you don't usually like visual novels, you should still consider giving this one a try. It's so, so good."
,Recommended,317280,28250372,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Vidservent,Solstice is a beautiful EVN brought by the creators of Cinders but this time it's an original story (as far as I know).A story driven game with many choices that has the potential to shape your characters outlook and behaviour by how you respond to other characters. Lead by 2 character with different prespectives with each their own secrets.The story is full of mysteries and lore with must have replayability. Recommended for VN lovers.
,Recommended,317280,33877670,Posted: 29 July,all,Ceaseless Duality,"Excellent visual novel by the same developers who made Cinders (another VN that I enjoyed). Unlike Cinders, this is not an otome game, but a mystery, fantasy story. However, there are romantic elements in certain paths. I believe it takes place in the same universe as Cinders, as there's one reoccurring character.Pros:- Beautiful, stunning artwork; detailed character design- Stylish and helpful interface- Fitting, elegant music- Excellent writing- Intriguing story- Many choices and branching paths- Queer character representation (including one of the protagonists)- People of color representation (including both protagonists)Cons:- Witnessing all the variants can get very tedious- Read journal entries cannot be skipped- Occasionally, already read text can't be skipped- There's no way to save the villain from themselves"
76561198024307883,Recommended,317280,29833035,Posted: 10 February,all,Amie,"Solstice, like its predecessor Cinders, is a beautifully painted interactive storybook where your choices affect the ending.  You play as Yani and Galen, two new employees to a city called the Jewel of The North - a warm utopia situated in the middle of a frozen wasteland, thanks to a protective dome encapsulating it from the harsh elements.You quickly learn however, that one's right to dwell in this paradise comes at a heavy price. You will solve the mysteries of the city and the inhabitants you encounter through your actions as Yani and Galen. As you guide them through each scene, they make notes on the people and places they encounter, which provide helpful references for the player.The technology within this world is a complimentary mix of sci-fi and fantasy, and it is very apparent in the aesthetics of the city.Another interesting point, is this world appears to be within the Cinders universe, as indicated by a character called Madame Ghede, who makes a second appearance in this game as Galen's mentor.The story is thoughtful, raising interesting questions about the balance between comfort and control within a society, and how susceptible it is to misuse. Many of the characters manage to be sympathetic despite the skeletons that reside within their wardrobes; making them feel very human.I have yet to uncover all the endings, but I can say that I am thoroughly impressed and enchanted by this game."
76561198037338607,Recommended,317280,22089894,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,diosdelsol,"I really enjoyed this game.  The production values are very high, particularly the graphics--the backgrounds in particular are nothing short of impressive.  Somebody put a lot of love into all of them, and even seemingly throwaway areas you'll probably never seem more than once or tiwce are meticulously detailed.Obviously, though, the story and characters are the important part, and all of them were great.  The story is well paced and keeps moving along, hitting all the right notes of letting you spend enough time with the characters to get to know them, but not at the expense of belaboring things or dragging on too long.In short, I thought it was pretty great.  Easily among the top visual novels I've experienced, and I'd comfortably recommend it to any fan of the genre."
76561198054570404,Recommended,317280,24394217,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,GameJeannie,"I'm not one to frequently review games, but Solstice is one of those exceptions.  It sat on my wishlist for several months until I bought it almost as an afterthought during a sale and my goodness I'm glad I did!  As a gamer who's keen on story I was sucked right in, with the interesting and dynamic characters, intriguing mystery, and fascinating universe that Moa has created.  The art and music are beautiful and the blend of Arctic wilderness and Arabian architecture is perfect for the atmosphere.  And as someone who also played through Moa's other game, Cinders, I find this game has more replay value as you learn more about the characters and what's going on behind the scenes with each playthrough.If you like games big on story and mystery, I highly recommend it."
76561198052709775,Recommended,317280,26614035,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,dreamerInSilico,"The good: Visually gorgeous, mystery-oriented visual novel with an interestingly nonstandard structure (i.e. two protagonists).  Plenty of character racial diversity, and a queer relationship.The bad: Pacing felt slow for much of the game (though it was JUST RIGHT at the end, which is... rare to see).  Less replay value than I'd hoped for due to placement of key, ending-determining choices.If you played and enjoyed Cinders, you should absolutely play Solstice.  If you like visual novels or other story-based games in general, you should probably play Solstice.  Don't expect a dating sim, however, because this isn't one.  Both main characters can become romantically involved with an NPC, but there is only one option for each of them.In general I enjoyed the themes and the characters, and I think that the dual-protagonist structure really added to things in that you get to choose how much those two protagonists do or don't cooperate with one another.  The writing felt slow to me through much of the game, though, so those apt to get impatient reading through dialogue might have issues (I have a great deal of patience).  That said, I think they nailed the pacing at the ending, which is, of course, very important.Aside from the pacing, the only major negative aspect of this game for me was the lack of replay value.  Its endings are structured like the ones in Cinders - there are a few major endings and several variations on most of them.  However, unlike in Cinders, the variables determining which of the major outcomes you get are largely NOT woven through the whole storyline, and that's a major weakness, as far as I'm concerned.  What causes you to get one major outcome or another comes down to only a very few major choices, and as those choices are mostly concentrated near the very end of the game, I just reloaded one of my late saves to look at multiple endings and felt no real desire to replay the game in full.  Given this, I'm really glad I got the game on sale.  They did a fantastic job with the storyline, for the most part, if you ignore replay value, but I wouldn't have wanted to spend $20 on a game I wasn't going to play more than 3-4 hours total."
76561198138967991,Recommended,317280,25346528,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,satie-san,"Solsticeis a solid visual novel that invites the player into the walls of the beautiful but unforgiving Jewel of the North, a secluded city located in the snowy landscapes of the far north. Moacube, who are well-known by visual novels fans for their previous workCinders, managed, in my opinion, to reutilize what madeCindersgreat (the characterization of the characters being the strongest point here) but also delved more deeply into storytelling and the ramifications of choices and consequences.Solstice’s scenario is pretty unpredictable but thoroughly enjoyable, and the conclusion didn’t disappoint me.The player plays as two characters, Galen, the humourous doctor who hides more secrets that it seems, and Yani, a young and ambitious engineer. It is to be noticed that the choices have a considerable influence not only on the outcome of the story, but also on the personality of the protagonists and their relationships, both between them and with the rest of the characters. The effort put into the creation of a varied and overall strongly written cast of characters (a dozen) is to be appreciated as well, even if some could have been used more efficiently.I feel like the journal entries (Galen and Yani write down important information about the characters and places they meet so the player doesn't forget it later in the story) deserve a special mention, as it provides us with a well-thought and useful upgrade fromCinders's time.What else can be said ? The art is gorgeous (with these little motion-effects that are applied to certain objects in the background and help to create an entrancing atmosphere), and the soundtrack absolutely amazing.I would recommend it to anyone who would like to try a visual novel and of course to the fans of the genre. There are also a lots of achievements and different endings which give good replay value.The only criticism I could give toSolsticeconcerns one of the two romance paths (Yani’s one), which seemed really dull and forced to me. I took absolutely no pleasure playing it, and it is surprising considering that the other one was well-done and quite emotional. It shouldn’t prevent anyone from trying out the game, though !"
76561198061743850,Recommended,317280,22179634,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kamberley,"Solstice is a game full of secrets. You play dual roles in the game; Galen, the new doctor, and Yani, a young woman found unconscious outside the city. They both have their secrets. The local eccentric disappears,starting off the mystery. You explore the mystifying Jewel of the North, which itself is a giant secret standing in the middle of a frozen wasteland. You'll meet the skeleton crew that stays behind to keep the city running during the true winter, and I'm sure you have guessed they all have secrets, too.The story is interesting and, like any good mystery, you have to peel a lot of layers to get to the real truth. The artwork & music are beautiful. The game has 4 main endings with several smaller variations per ending, so it has replayability. It took me a little less than 6 hours to complete the first play through. It is a standard visual novel where you make choices throughout that effect the outcome of your game."
76561198038206244,Recommended,317280,26105733,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Maria Chrom,"Solstice is a visual-novel game with a steam-punkish fantasy setting. As you follow a well-thought-out multi-perspective story, you dive deeper into the social structures and secrets of a city secluded within an ice desert. This is definitely not for lovers of Disney-type storytelling, as the atmosphere becomes successively darker.The game mechanics require you to read through rather a bit of dialogue. However, the story is very well-told and entertaining. Decisions are made by choosing options for dialogue or actions and can have quite an impact on the unfolding of story. Bits of the narrative, which are influence by your decisions, are marked during gameplay.What struck me most about this game, were the beautiful and detailed backgrounds and characters designed with loving attention to detail. And if you—like me—enjoy games that do not rely on heavily sexualized (female) characters, heteronormativity, whiteness, and age uniformity, you will definitely savor this game.A slight drawback: the character slides were quite few, so that I got a bit fed up with the recurring “animations” at later stages. One or two more emotions per character would have done the game good.TL;DR: A visual novel with lovely game design, very good story, and authentic characters. Special plus: diversity and queerness. Slight minus: too few character animations."
,Recommended,317280,24245734,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Captain Vegetable,"Short version: good story, lots of moving parts that make it difficult to find the ""good end."" Enjoyable, but probably best worth it if it's on sale.PRO:- Beautiful art style- Lots of story elements that resolve themselves well- M/M romance is sweet and a nice touch- Story length is just right- Pivotal decision takes story in 3 fairly different directions with interesting changes to perspectiveCON:- nearly impossible to get good ending on first few playthroughs- F/M romance is basically a throwaway- List of clues for solving the mystery didn't actually come into play much"
,Not Recommended,317280,30287932,Posted: 2 March,all,тєнc๏ffєєz๏мвιє,"Wish there was a 'meh' option. I didn't hate this? but I can't really say I'd recommend it.The romantic interests were really boring and felt as shoed in as the romances in most action movies. Good thing there was the option to completely ignore them without hurting/changing the plot at all.The game's very pretty. The character designs are great for the protagonists .. (not for the romance interests) ... but the plot didn't really change enough based on your actions. There might be a slightly different scene here or there, but it all leads to the same ending where one of 5 things happens.The variants system is a little irritating as one character only really has 3 variants? but you need to get them 3 times each because they're counted as different across 3 endings despite no real changes between them.The world building was good, and the location was nice, but I honestly feel not enough was done with the setting.Overall I just felt .. disappointed. There's some good here. But on the whole I just can't recommend it unless you're getting it on sale, and not expecting much from it."
,Recommended,317280,22070375,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,subtle_subterfuge,"The gorgeous artwork creates a haunting fantasy backdrop to a dramatic and intricate story. Once you start uncracking some of the secrets, the mystery really draws you in.The branching decisions and real moral repercussions of the choices that you take, made me doubt and second guess myself, often wondering 'but what if...' and consequently replaying over and over (and over) again, to experience the multiple perspectives of the complex characters and find the answers that I was looking for. The soundtrack is also beautifully composed and effectively complements the fantastical atmosphere of the game."
76561198103224145,Not Recommended,317280,30600777,Posted: 18 March,all,ironie,"Interesting premise, but an overall poor plot (I've unlocked all endings at the time of writing; I'm a fast reader), cringeworthy dialogue, and cardboard characters.The most characteristic example of the horrible writing is perhaps the two optional ""romances."" I know people crap on BioWare romances, but maybe we should be kinder than them, because if Bioware is jejune, then this game is outright juvenile. Two characters have sex once or twice, and I'm to believe they're in transformative love now. All plot points and themes involved in this visual novel are about as substantitive as that--they rely on stereotypic scripts and cliché turns of phrase.I can't bring myself to muster any reaction to this game other than apathy. It's good that I didn't pay $20 for it."
,Recommended,317280,33709122,Posted: 21 July,all,jenn_geoffroy,"Overall this was a fairly good game, with stunningly beautiful graphics and a rich narrative, world and atmosphere. A few problems would make me rank it beneath Cinders (other game by this dev), and I didn't feel all that compelled to play through all endings obsessively.The main problem I have with this game is construction. Cinders wrapped a simple-yet-intense story around a fairytale almost everyone knows by heart; this meant we knew the story beats already and could concentrate on the actual crucial choices and the heart of the nuanced, achingly real and complex characters (well, the female characters at any rate). Also, Cinders is by her nature boxed in - that's the whole point of her story, her desire to break free from control. The reason there are only a few - but crucial - decisions to make is thus transformed from a potential flaw into being an important part of the story's concept. They also impact on the outcome a lot.By contrast, Solstice is based around a mystery....which we are not allowed to solve, because that would derail the ending. Our supposedly intelligent protagonists either fail to do some pretty obvious things, or are occasionally allowed to try something smart only to have it fail in a contrived way. I understand this is not a Sherlock Holmes game, but then it should not have been based around a murder mystery, should it. The world was rich enough to give us lots to think about without adding a whole level of Nancy Drew, especially since it turns out we can't do much about it. Seriously, out of the dozens of decisions you can make, only four or five seem to have an actual impact on the ending - two of which are virtually random, ie, choose the blue pill or the red pill but we won't tell you which does what - and the only impact even those decisions have is on how boned everybody ends up being.It was also a mistake to have two protagonists, IMO. It means repetition in narrative, loss of focus, and gives us twice the amount of ""supposedly very smart person who had every reason to prepare for this trip...who doesn't know the first thing about the situation they walked into because that allows the player to get exposition"". This happens again and again, and really loses the connection wth the characters as a result.It's a pity, because compared to many other games of this sort, the characters are rich and very complex, nuanced, and beautifully rendered. The story is rich and complex too, but that very complexity probably explains why the rails are so strict, and thus I can't enjoy it quite as much. I would have preferred having a lot of the world building done in a series of notes - avoiding ""stupid, unprepared protag"" syndrome and allowing them to be skipped on playthroughs - and a story that wasn't quite so convoluted if it gave us greater agency over it.I'd recomend the game on sale for people who like fantasy/sci-fi novels, and who will read it as such, not so much for gameplay. Would still recommend it though, it's an interesting experience."
,Recommended,317280,28580382,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Miss Anthropy,"A really excellent visual novel. I've only gotten one out of four possible endings so far but I'm revving up for the next playthrough, probably with a guide, seeing as how I made what seems like the worst choice every time. Beautiful music and art, though the sprite animations could sometimes be a bit uncanny valley. The dialogue was decent; scenes with a lot of flirtation were sometimes inadvertently hilarious, there were some odd colloquialisms that seemed out of character, and sometimes conversation could be stilted, but nothing stood out too much and it was all in all very well done.Other reviews have noted the issues with volume control already. The music is great enough that I didn't mind, but any scene with Sem in his kennels was littered with barking dogs that could have been toned down or reduced.The last two chapters were much stronger than the first three, imo. Pacing, events, options were all much more tightly paced and I definitely felt some real conflict and ambivalence--just like the characters did. On another note, the game has an unusual mechanic that switches you back and forth between the perspective of two playable characters, Yani and Galen. I'm not sure how well that works from a narrative point, but it allows for some twists to be particularly and viciously effective, which I really enjoyed."
76561198105180048,Recommended,317280,28826850,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,paintsunlight,"What a gorgeous game!Pros: Beautiful. Interesting plot. You get to play as two different characters who have mysterious backstories you have to discover. The main characters are really cool. One is an interesting female protagonist. Lots of choices. The story is a good length (maybe a little long).Cons: There were a lot of endings, but most were not happy endings. I felt like it was not very satisfying to go through the whole game and then have a lot of bad choices to choose from. It makes it much less re-playable for me personally."
,Recommended,317280,26178036,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pinupattack,"Solstice is a visual novel with an engaging and dark storyline coupled with beautiful aesthetics. As well this, the story is told from two different protagonists' point of views which gives the story more than one interesting perspective. Despite the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed this visual novel, I would have liked the ability to explore a wider variety of different relationship options (more romantic, friendly and independent) with different characters.Overall, I would definitely recommend this visual novel - especially if you have played Cinders."
,Recommended,317280,22607911,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Daybreak,"Solstice is a Science Fantasy visual novel with a Choose Your Own Adventure book structure to its narrative. It features four different endings that can be modified more or less depending on which choices you pursue over the course of the game.The main portion of story unfolds within a small city named The Jewel of the North, in a unnamed fictional world. This marvel is protected from the frozen wasteland that surrounds it through the means of advanced technology fused and enhanced with magic. As a result the inhabitants can live in it as though it was summer.Our two protagonists arrive at the city just before it is caught off, by the ruthless weather in this unforgiving climate,  for the upcoming winter solstice. A seemingly small crisis soon befall the city and we seek out to prevent it from escalating into a catastrophe. By the end we get more insight into the cities structure and how it has come to its current permutation.  How it has shaped its inhabitants, our protagonists and antagonist(s) outlook on life.The game boats multifaceted and well fleshed out characters, society structure and cultures. With the first being in the forefront of the tale, but supported well by the other two in service of the tale that's explored. Beautiful music and background art enhances the experience to great effect.The main negative aspect for me was that the auto text speed was either bugged or it simply only had too fast options for my reading speed. But overall a great game and bodes well for, hopefully, more games by MoaCube."
76561198096573822,Not Recommended,317280,33412399,Posted: 9 July,all,Revised,"This game presents itself as a game about treasure and mystery, but is really a somewhat unclimactic and underdeveloped whodunnit. Whodunnits can be fun, but the issue with this game is that it has you collect information about people as if you are going to use it to some purpose  (which takes up a good portion of the game), but you never do and it makes it all feel like a waste of time. There's magic but it's almost like an afterthought, there's politics but you play as almost powerless characterswho can't change anything except by killing everyone,there is the mysterious kala butit's written off as a meaningless aside.In addition, instead of allowing you to find clues and eliminate suspects, the game  just outright tells you who didn't do it and narrows the list down to a select few for you. Who wants to be a detective with no real intrigue or important discoveries to be made and with a verdict practically handed down for you? Only about three of your choices really make an impact, since most just change the dialogue slightly. Also, none of the characters are redeemable and none of them are given time to grow or change which made the story seem stagnant.In short I would NOT reccomend buying this at full price, if you must try it, wait for a sale. It really needs more plot development."
,Recommended,317280,30396199,Posted: 8 March,all,IFIYGD,"Overall rating 6/10  - Okay, if you get it on a good sale, and are looking for a pretty, casual time waster.Not a great game, but not the worst ""choices matter visual novel"" I have played.Pros:1) Nice grahics, very pretty, but nothing truly spectacular2) Interesting story, but nothing too deep or complex. A bit simple and that can be both good and bad for a visual novel where choices matter.3) Runs great, no bugs or technical issues, even a a toaster.4) Tons of gratuitous sex, violence, more sex,, more violence. All subjective, - these could be either a plus or minus for different preferences.Please be aware that both hetero and homo ""romance"" and sex is part of the story. If this offends you, then this ISN'T the game for you.5) You play 2 characters, one male, one female. So you have a male protagonist and a female protagonist.If you are stuck on only playing one or the othe, this game is not for you.6) Trading Cards and achievements- TC's drop as expected, are cheap to buy fr the badge, and the achievements all are easy enough to get for a 100% game, if that's your interest. But the 100% game will not come quickly, it will require multiple playthroughs to unlock the different ending achievements.Cons:1) Lots of gratuitous sex and violence. Basically, no real ""romance"", justt kinky, sloppy sex and many innuendos, used to pad a fairly weak overall story.2) Choices do matter, but I was never quite sure how they mattered. An icon shows in the top right corner when something happens due to one of your choices, but the clarity of how that choice affected the outcome is not made clear, at all.3) Limited replay. TONS of text, that makes the game somewhat slow,if you read and consider it all. I will replay to get all possible endings, but after the first playthrough of 4.7 hours, I feel like I can just rapidly click through without paying attention to anything but where I make a choice, and will simply make different ones than I did before. The story is not that deep, and does not draw me in enough to care if I missed any ""juicy tidbits"" when I play through again.4) Too much dependance on the gratuitous sex, violence, alcohol and drug useage. I would have liked a more fleshed out and complex story, without the R rated stuff thrown in for padding to make the playtime go longer. Leave out the sex, violence, alcohol and drugs, and the playtime would be cut in half as far as playtime goes, and the story would be very dry and uninteresting.5) The music was loud, repetitive, and not that interesting. Mostly annoyingly loud and repetitive.6) Too much dependance on racial and cultural stereotypes, none jarringly negative, but still there, and still fairly obvious stereotypes. Spme of these could be ""offensive"" to the truly ""sensitive"" types out there. They shouldn;t be, but they will be too those who are easilytriggered.Good looking game, a decent time waster if you have nothing better to do. But not something I would recommend paying anywhere near full price for. Very few settings options for anything, audi, video, music, resolutions, etc. But it's a simple visual novel, I suppose it doesn;t need many. But being able to trun the music down, isntead of only being able to turn it off, would have been nice, at the very least.I got the game on sale. at a deep discount, so I am not disappointed too greatly with the time I got from it, and te time i will waste on it to get all achievements. But I would NEVER pay full price for this game. I would be ticked off if I had.Your Mileage May Vary. Widely."
,Recommended,317280,26677456,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GRIONSAW,"I played Cinders from the same devs a while back and enjoyed it a lot. And while I definitely recommend Cinders, the writing in Solstice feels more fully realised and sophisticated. The sprites, background and sound design are beautiful. I'm most of the way through the different routes and I almost don't want it to end. The only criticism I have is regarding the non existent volume controls. That would be great,but it’s kind of a nitpick. Overall, this game is great. I'm looking forward to whatever moacube does next."
,Recommended,317280,33347423,Posted: 7 July,all,Wispa Dori,"This game is perfect. I don't know how else to describe it. It has everything I could ever hope for in a visual novel. A compelling storyline that kept me engaged throughout the game, nice soundtracks, and most importantly, amazing artwork. The diversity of the characters is just an added bonus. Honestly everyone should get this game, whether on sale or not."
,Recommended,317280,33527362,Posted: 13 July,all,Neka_Chan,"""Solstice"" is an amazing experience.. a gorgeous visual novel with a staggering amount of choices and alternative dialogue (you'll know when you come across a point where you could've heard something different when a little branch appears in the upper right hand corner). Definitely worth replaying to take on different goals/ personalities and see what unfolds.It's very interesting to play as two characters (and you can choose how closely they work together). They both have distinct personalities, which makes them interesting to learn about, alongside the NPCs. I appreciate the helpful journal that keeps track of the NPCs & important points - makes it easier for replay as well.I love that romance options are on the table but not a necessary development & that a queer relationship is possible <3I loved ""Cinders"" and eagerly anticipated the release of this game - and MoaCube doesn't disappoint! I hope they keep at it in the same universe ^_^"
76561198064588189,Recommended,317280,29102815,Posted: 7 January,all,Panda,Beautiful visual novel and great story writing. The plot is very engaging. I plan to replay again and try to get all of the available endings.
,Recommended,317280,23989905,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,spacey_72659,"So, I only recently played Cinders (other game by this developer) and was quite happy to see this one was recently released. I love the art style of these games - so beautiful.I love that this one has two MCs and there's a mystery to solve. Things def didn't turn out as I expected and I liked that it wasn't obvious (at least to me) who was doing what. The mechanic of having a notebook that kept track of things you learned about other characters was pretty cool too. Unlike Cinders, there's not really much for romance options in this one, it's mostly focused on the mystery here. I didnt really mind myself, but just something to think about if that's important for you in a VN.I love that this one took me a little while to play through (my time on record is just one play through, though I did pause now and then to talk about impressions and etc as I was recording an LP) and the story kept me riveted through the entire thing. Overall, highly recommended."
,Recommended,317280,22537522,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,pansy,"This is it. This is the absolute gem of my game collection. Where do I even start? The breathtaking artwork? The amazing, ear soothing music? The carefully put together, impressively branching story?At its core, Solstice is a mystery story with fantasy elements. The city, protected by a magic dome from freezing winter, is a desolate city of sinister secrets, calculative deceit and passionate love. Don't forget the occasional murder and sabotage.The main characters, Galen and Yani, end up investigating the precarious city. They both have secrets they want to keep. They aren't an open book which is rare for a visual novel protagonist – you aren't in charge of everything. Every choice leads to a believable scenario – they have consequences, both small and big. The romance routes for Galen and Yani are completely optional and dealt with a satisfying manner. Every character in this story is an individual and so lifelike, I can't help but feel deep gratitude to the writers of Moacube.The game offers four endings with multiple variations and each of them are satisfying in their own ways. Even the grim ones, the bad endings, make you really ponder. Is it necessarilybadorgoodif it ends like it ends?Solstice is an immersive, unforgettable adventure and offers a lot of value for its price. I wholeheartedly recommend it for everyone, even to the ones who don't necessarily feel visual novels to be their thing."
,Recommended,317280,22093334,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,titty,"this game is sensational!the art is a breath of fresh air and has improved a lot since cinders (and it was really good back then, too) though it still keeps the same vibe that set it apart from everything else at the time. the story is really rich, the characters are very nuanced and everything is so extremely well-written - it's a delight to read! i was especially glad about how the romance subplots were handled - they are completely optional and take a backseat, only developing in the measure the main story allows them to, feeling completely natural and as delightful to read as the rest of the game.i still haven't worked on getting more endings, but one playthrough is enough to say that this was money well spent. if you like visual novels, this is a definite must, and even if you don't, the beautiful art and fantastic setting and plot might convince you to give this a shot. what moacube does is unique and their attention to detail is priceless, so i can't wait to play their next works!"
,Recommended,317280,33283689,Posted: 5 July,all,elyneri,"The story was engaging, intersting, and not predictable. I loved the characters and the dialogue made me chuckle at some of the cheesyness, but a good cheese. The game play was just the right length. If you enjoy their other game called Cinders, you'll enjoy this one as well."
76561198114922557,Recommended,317280,22260084,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,CupcakeBunny,"Interesting story, romances, beautiful art, nice music and many different endings. This game has pretty much everything a good visual novel needs.You play as two characters: Galen, the citys new doctor and Yani, an architect. Cut off from the world and unfamiliar with the people and their lives, it's your task to solve the mystery about a missing madman, that quickly resolves into something bigger and far more dangerous."
,Recommended,317280,22806090,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,StrongCrayon,"Before I started playing Solstice, I mused to myself: I sure hope the developer gives a nod to their previous game Cinders somewhere within this game. Even a small Easter Egg would have been great. But I just thought that any developer worth their salt would incorporate a reference to their prior masterpiece.Well I only had to play Solstice for 5 minutes and ""Bam!"", MoaCube delivered on my wish: a huge reference to Cinders. Very well done. I won't tell you what it is, but it's pretty cool. So that's why even though I've only played this game for 13 minutes, I already knew 8 minutes ago that Solstice deserves a Thumbs Up.I still have 99% of this game left to play, and I can't wait to see if there are any more tie-ins from Cinders. My fingers are crossed that the developer will surprise me again and somehow have my favorite character, Sophia, make a cameo. If that happens, I'll gift a copy of Solstice to a random member of my friends list.In short:MoaCube is not just a developer or a publisher, MoaCube is a genre. There are thousands of games on Steam, but none of them compare to Cinders or Solstice. If you're looking for an immersive visual novel where your decisions really matter, then look no further than either of these two category-defining games."
76561198121701622,Recommended,317280,22874395,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Joe the Monk,"This is an AMAZING game. Don't listen to game-snobs. It's immersive, with incredible atmospheric music and gorgeous visuals. I love role playing games, and this was a slightly different take -- it's basically a choose-your-own-adventure story with multiple different endings. I've played through about 8 times now, and found a lot of them. This was a passion-filled and exciting escape from all the hubbub of everyday life. I'm gonna go try the maker's other games now - I hope they're as good with as great a story."
76561198294995180,Recommended,317280,25930691,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,nikil176,I highly recommend give this game a try. It's worth the price.
76561198061455073,Recommended,317280,34997374,Posted: 16 September,all,Moonlite,"If you are a fan of visual novel games, this game is a must have. The artwork is stunning and it has a very intriguing story with multiple endings and complex characters with distinct personalitlies and mixed (and hidden) motives. I spent many hours unlocking the many different endings and exploring interesting dialogue choices and got many hours of enjoyment out of this game, definitely recommend"
76561198186591174,Recommended,317280,28145740,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ftonos,"Really well written, beautiful (and addicting) game :)"
76561198120273090,Recommended,317280,27754677,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sociopathfinder,"While I would wait for a sale to pop up, Solstice is a must-have game if you are interested in breathtaking visuals and enjoy dating-sim-like choice games.It has replayability to a certain extent; the first few times will reveal new information about the different characters you chose against so it won't be too boring knowing the culprit. After that, it's just rinse and repeat until you unlock all the achievements until there's nothing more to wring out.Luckily, for the achievement hunters out there, there's a quick skipping feature that helps drag time and will grab your attention if you've reached new content.For me the visuals and memorable story made me feel content with the purchase."
76561198198250579,Recommended,317280,22120290,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jaesadasrisuk,An interesting storyline with complex characters and beautiful art direction put this little visual novel over the top
,Recommended,317280,24964737,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"A great story, engaging and sweet despite its dark themes. I really liked to two main protagonists."
76561198150545798,Not Recommended,317280,29237138,Posted: 13 January,all,Emmy Joy,The characters and dialogue were awkward. Thus the story wasn't very gripping. The music didn't really help the situation either. The universe was really cool though and it was kinda long so I got a lot of mediocre entertainment... Overall just glad I didn't pay full price.
76561198258718380,Recommended,317280,35134008,Posted: 22 September,all,Anne,"a nice game! one problem though , the part wheregalen poisoned lev . i had no idea he did that lmao . It took me a while to be honest . so i think that part should've been more specific.But other than that , the story's well written ."
