user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,317250,32220174,Posted: 6 June,all,Kuala Bebi,Bought it in Sale and it was worth it. Nice Level and Overalldesign. Good Difficulty which keeps you playing the Game.LikeLove the Squids.8/10
,Recommended,317250,32771664,Posted: 25 June,all,Babyforce,"At first, the game looks to be simple. But the more you play it, the more tha game becomes difficult. It becomes so ♥♥♥♥ing difficult that 2 eyes won't even be enough for you to dodge everything that is on the screen. From simple dumb machines you can easily avoid to slow energy bullts falling from the sky AND guns that will aim in your direction and shoot you if you don't move for half a second AND some machines that will follow you very quickly, even if you move unpredictably it will know instantly and will♥♥♥♥♥♥you in consequence AND finally, a rocket launcher that launchs homming rockets at you while you're trying to dodge all the rest. Or you will have to play with moving water balls where you will swim in them and avoid lasers that constantly are turned ON/OFF every second while you're trying to find your way through.I like the game personally but I can't even finish it without breaking my controller. The controls are clunky and approximative, the hitboxs are weird and you can get killed very easily by almost anything, the controls while swimming are just a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because of the precise movements you must do but can't because the game has very approximative controls. And the last levels are just so hard to do with these damn controls. Also if you wanted to collect all the animals like me, you will have a way harder time doing so since it's very approximative.I can't really recommend this game unless you're someone who has an enormous ammount of patience and can deal with these clunky controls. As for me, it's just too much and I won't complete this game because my nerves are being seriously damaged. But for 0.46€, let's say it's worth it still."
76561198028049202,Recommended,317250,17976892,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kupo Games,"Mixed feelings about this one. It's almost really good, but a few things stop it from shining.I feel like I would have enjoyed the game a lot more if it was a bit easier. The difficulty around the middle of the game was perfect, but the last few levels were just frustrating. I loved Super Meat Boy, and managed to 100% that game, but I really don't want to go through that kind of torture again, especially from a game that looks so cute.There's also a lot of minor bugs in the game, that add up and start to get a bit annoying. In the level with the moving squares of water, the music broke when in the water, and got so distorted that I had to mute my audio. Fireballs sometimes clearly hit me but I don't die. Stuff like that.Rocks really annoyed me. I kept thinking they were part of the background! So many deaths caused by running into rocks.The graphics are also kind of bland. They're passable, but just... not that interesting or appealing.Anyway! The game still has some solid platforming gameplay, and the gravity and swimming mechanics were implemented very well and were surprisingly intuitive. Collecting sea creatures was satisfying, and I got all of them so far in the first 16 zones, minus one.Fans of Super Meat Boy should check this game out, if they want something very similar. Possibly not worth full price, but worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre and it's on sale."
,Recommended,317250,28910189,Posted: 1 January,all,24680FPIC,Am I the only one who actually played for more than a few hours?
,Recommended,317250,28953193,Posted: 2 January,all,Sweep,"About Airscape - The Fall of GravityBeneath the cute visuals of Super Calamari BoyAirscape lies a hard-as-nails platformer (the credits helpfully informed me I died 1663 times in the course of completing it) with interesting level design and a solid amount of diverse content, and it's definitely worth checking out.Airscape: The Fall of Gravity is a fast-paced, gravity-shifting action platformer about a deep-sea octopus who has been kidnapped by a mechanical alien race.Control a Dumbo Octopus (Grimpoteuthis abyssicola) on a skybound adventure to save its family from the clutches of the motorized menace.Jump, dodge, and swim through a breathtaking environment full of floating islands, water formations, and robotic terrors. There's no fighting in Airscape - you'll have to rely on your wits, speed, and reflexes to navigate through the deadly gauntlets.Release Date: 11 Aug, 2015The GameplayYou play as one of five octopi (unlocked through the course of the game), each with a special ability of sorts (one's faster, one's floatier, one can slow time, one can teleport a short distance, and Red... doesn't seem to do anything, as far as I can tell), fighting a mysterious mechanical menace to rescue sea critters. There are usually two or three critters per level, some in convenient locations and some out of the way or requiring a mad dash through the level to reach in time, and unlocks are based on these, which gives a good deal of freedom to pick your levels and avoid some particularly nefarious ones if you so choose (full disclosure: the levels featuring maneuvering in water almost made me give up on it early, but I'm quite glad I stuck it out).The LevelAs the title might indicate, there are some gravitational shenanigans involved - the levels usually take place on essentially tiny planetoids, and the direction that is 'down' will often shift several times over the course of a level (and as many levels have curved ground, often without even thinking about it). It's all part of the level itself, though - the controls are pretty elegantly minimal (up/right/left/shift-for-special-ability). This leaves the levels themselves to hold most of the complexity and they do that well - there are 15 areas in the main game, each with their own style and features, and you end up winding your way through an impressive array of platforms, lasers, cannons, robots, water, acid, homing missiles, mines, and of course the final boss, a force too menacing to be described.All in AllAirscape - The Fall of Gravityis a very nice Indie Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,317250,25587379,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Actions speak louder than words,"What is this game?Airscape: The Fall of Gravity is an action platformer made by Cross-Product, a small team of students from around the world. An octopus is abducted from its homeworld and is forced to save its family and return home while evading countless dangers along the way.What do I do?You control an octopus that is taken away from its homeworld along with its family and must either reach the exit teleporter in each level or rescue an octopus while moving through obstacles, traversing through land with each one having its own gravity and avoiding enemies that may or may not chase and follow you in order to return home. Objects and enemies include lasers, mines, spikes, robots, etc. There are a variety of octopuses (or octopi - take it as you will) to choose from with different unique abilities and with the first being unlocked by default and all subsequent octopuses requiring to be freed.There are additional optional objectives where you can rescue trapped specimens (they are other sea creatures that have been confined as well) and find secret exits to unlock more levels and rescue more specimens.My overall experienceThis game was quite the roller coaster ride from start to finish. It's relaxing at the start but spiked in difficulty towards and at the end. I loved this game at the start, felt frustrated two-thirds of the way through and satisfied in the end. It was a blast.The beginning and tutorial were very welcoming and helped to prepare for the gradual increase in difficulty and complexity in later levels. The next zones added a light challenge and a different atmosphere. It was at halfway through this game when its difficulty began to show, but the soundtrack kept me in and I pushed through all the way to the end where the level of difficulty never went down.What should I expect?Expect an easy and enjoyable experience from the initial part of this game, but don't be surprised when the levels become much more difficult and require good reaction time, precise movement and good decision-making. You will be punished later on for mistiming jumps or making the wrong moves but don't worry about making mistakes, because it's all a matter of trial and error. There only penalty is to be sent back to the last checkpoint reached (or the start of the level if no checkpoints are reached).Things to look forward to:- The start of the game is soothing and enjoyable to play.- Controls are simple and easy to grasp.- Unique physics and gravity mechanics.- The atmosphere and feel of the game is quite comforting and welcoming.- The orchestral soundtrack is excellent and accompanies the levels very well.- Gameplay is smooth at 60 fps and frame rate drops are very rare.- Enemies and obstacles are introduced at a consistent rate and are easy to understand.- There are a good variety of enemies and obstacles, requiring strategic planning to pull through.Things to look out for:- The levels are linear and rarely reward creativity, if not punishing for it.- The rotation when moving around may cause nausea and motion sickness.- Difficulty will spike around the second half of the game and will require precision and timing.- The movement of the octopuses is a little slippery and can cause a lot of deaths (and frustration) especially when the direction of gravity changes suddenly.- Some levels are deprived of important checkpoints and will require a lot of focus (anger doesn't count).-The teleportation ability of the blue octopus does not work when used to move through lasers and can cause suicides.-The slowdown ability of the green octopus is very inconsistent and can ruin specific movement patterns of enemies and obstacles.- The music can become jumbled and buggy when going in water.- There's no way to change the zoom of the camera, reducing awareness and preventing some levels from being traversed properly.Tips:- Adjust the screen rotation rate and shake to what makes you feel the most comfortable (the rotation can get a little crazy and the shaking can be distracting).- Never stick to one particular rate of rotation and keep the orient camera button within reach.- It is not necessary to complete the levels from a to z in order to progress through the game (only rescued specimens are required to progress).- Watch out for a sudden loud noise when rescuing an octopus.Who should buy this game?Players avid about platformers will likely enjoy this game especially with the increase in difficulty during the end-game, but casual players looking for an easy experience may want to avoid this game for the sake of sanity. People who get motion sick and nauseated easily may also want to stay away.Personal commentsI'm not sure why I pushed myself to 100% this game but there's something charming about this particular game that made me want to come back. Maybe it's the soundtrack I absolutely adored or the love-hate relationship with the layout of the later levels or the design choices that were made, but I really enjoyed this game for everything it had to offer. I guess the frustration was worth it in the end.Thanks for readingKevinEdits:Added a 'What is this game?' and 'What should I expect?' section, reworded some sections and made the headings more concise."
76561198084575779,Recommended,317250,28411345,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Buffalocat,"Challenging platforming game with a lovely feel!The variation in design for each of the worlds is great, as is the actual level design.  It's certainly the best take on ""2d Super Mario Galaxy"" that I've seen, and I understand the comparisons to Super Meat Boy.  It absolutely does continue to get harder until the very last few worlds, which all took me quite a while ;).Also, the option for how fast to rotate the screen is a nice touch - I find that having it move faster bothers me less, as it stays more consistent with the orientation of my character.  But if the rotation really bothers you, you'll find out quickly, so you can always ask for a refund.Pros:+ Solid, Unique Platforming Experience+ Charming Style+ Varied Mechanics/Level Design+ Secret/Bonus Levels+ Great Music!!+ A lot of content for the price - took me 10 hours to complete it+/- Don't expect it to be easyCons:- The rotation *might* make you sick- The physics are sometimes a little slippery (you can get momentarily stuck jumping on angled surfaces, and stuff like that)Edit: Changed a couple things since beating it :)"
,Recommended,317250,19860883,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JebusChrystler,This game is ruthlessly fun. I am inventing new cuss words and reaching a new level of enjoyable anger than I previously thought possible.If you even remotely think you'd enjoy this it is seriously worth the buck. I intended to play a level or two just to try it out and found myself getting sucked into a two hour session.While cutesy in art I consider this to be a solid design that is harder than most. I enjoy this more than I did Battle Block.
76561198064349289,Recommended,317250,28962878,Posted: 2 January,all,IMAGI_nation,"I bought this game for two reasons...first one: at 0.19€ (90% off) it's cheaper than a steam gamecard ;')second one: I found the sound that the squid made while walking funny.Now I havent finished it yet, reason why is bc I ragequitted after getting the ""100 times died"" archievement within the 30 first minutes of playing. (Yes you'll die a ♥♥♥♥♥on of times) and because my finger hurt :cBut it's a lovely game it truly is! it's cute and relaxing (at least the first few levels :)) and it's really well made!those are a few reasons you should totally buy this game but honestly the sound the squid makes while walking should be enough :p"
,Recommended,317250,25717092,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"I got it for 19 cents. For that price, I'd recommend a fart to the face."
76561198112866114,Recommended,317250,27484540,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kyzka,"Usually I try and complete a game before I review, but this is one I won’t be completing this lifetime.There is a BIG DIFFERENCE between CASUAL GAMERS and HARDCORE GAMERS, but interestingly Australian developer Daniel West (https://twitter.com/JustASquid) has tried to bring those differences together with this game called Airscape by adding an artistic flair reminiscent of a Nintendo world and combining it with the hard-core difficulty play of super meat boy.The problem with this choice is that those who would REALLY be interested in this game usually dont even give it a second glance because they think it might be for kids. Make no mistake about it. This game makes super meat boy look easy peasy. The best thing though is that there is enough here for casual gamers to be interested. The learning curve is quite well presented in its gradual approach. You know each level is that slightly bit harder, but maybe with enough tries you might be able to master it and this is where the game constantly teases you.""It's only that little bit harder!""""Surely the next save point is just around the corner!""The story is simple. Aliens are sick of abducting steak for dinner, they feel like seafood. Unfortunately you and all your marine buddies weren't fast enough to escape their tractor beam. However while everyone else gets kidnapped, somehow you make your escape in a little glass astronaut helmet and you take it on yourself to traverse the alien landscapes to free your buddies.Each Octopus buddy you unlock has a special skill, from double jump, to dash etc., however to free them you have to have saved enough fish in the first place to warrant saving them from their alien prison containing diabolical traps. Everything wants to kill you on these alien landscapes that's all you need to know. To save most marine creature you'll have to work out quickly how to get to certain areas, or be at a certain place by a certain time or your friends gets kidnapped again.It's easy to pick up, incredibly difficult to master. Eventually if you’re talented enough to unlock all your buddy octopuses then you'll be given a chance to go against a boss. I've only seen 1 person ever complete this level and it took him well over an hr that's how hard it was. He even completed all the levels of the game, but did he save all the fish? Hell no, even he knows how hard this game is to 100%.Below is me playing the first really easy levels and rescuing the first octopus. It gets way harder, but it should be enough of a sample for you. The question is are you up for the challenge? With puzzles that you will mentally have to wrap your suckers around, with enemies that will make you want to ink, with danger that will make you want to squidaddle. How deep in the game can you go?https://youtu.be/0io_YADklHg"
76561198065396619,Recommended,317250,22448346,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Violent Rainbow,"Ok so basically you're an octopus living in the sea and then all of a sudden aliens smash into your house and abduct you and all your friends, which happens to us all from time to time, but you somehow managed to escape and now you're on a quest to save your friends. Oh and you also have to save a bunch of other random sea creatures but they're less important. You zoom around each level searching for sea critters and dodging exploding things and laser beams and like, drones and stuff which you'd think for an octopus shouldn't be so hard since scientists are always talking up how smart they and all but it can be VERY challenging at times so prepare yourself you WILL rage during this game. It is fun though and reminds me a lot of Super Mario Galaxy, did anyone else pick up on that whole Super Mario Galaxy vibe?"
,Recommended,317250,17979666,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,flesk,"Airscape is a playful gravity platformer that feels like an essential buy to any fan of challenging platformers, and is a joy both to play and watch.A demo for Linux, Windows and Mac can be foundhere.The story starts when you and your group of octopuses are suddenly abducted from your peaceful home inside a water-filled asteroid. You're all lifted up through the sky by a massive tractor beam, but you alone happen to fall off and come crashing down on an unfamiliar planet. Dazed and confused, you have but one thought; to reunite with your friends.Through the first few levels, Airscape is relatively standard platformer fare. You can walk, jump and run, and you have to avoid minor obstacles, like pits and moving enemies. In each level, you'll find a small amount of sea critters held captive in orbs, and your objective is to rescue as many as possible of these and make it to the goal pad. Some of these sea critters are timed challenges, and if you can't make it to them in time, a spacecraft will arrive to take them away. Their locations will still be marked though, so if you see an empty dotted circle, you'll know what you have to do.After making it through the first zone, the space map opens up, and you'll see the next zone of levels, as well as a fortified containment level. From now on you're free to zip through space and select levels as you wish. There are four containment levels in total, and for every one of them you beat, you open up a few more zones on the map, until you've unlocked all 15 and the final boss. Here's where you also get a bit more freedom of choice: Each containment level holds one of your octopus kin captive, and when you release an octopus, it's added to your lineup to choose from at the start of each subsequent level. The different octopuses have their own unique skills, which facilitate different play styles, and it's likely that you'll find a favorite among them. Some can't run, but compensate for their lack of speed through other means. One octopus can slow down time in its near vicinity, and is thus a good choice for when things start getting hectic. There is also a teleporting octopus, which has the ability to zap straight past certain obstacles. It requires a bit of precision though, since it's easy to smash straight into the ground or an enemy, but this octopus seems like a good option once you start learning the ropes.The way gravity works is that there's a pull perpendicular to whichever surface you're closest to. In effect this means that if you're going uphill, the surface will tilt towards you to keep you on a level plane, and if a jump brings you closer to the ground above you, you'll flip around and fall towards that surface. In water, there's no concept of gravity, and you're free to move whichever way you want. There are hotkeys to adjust the screen rotation rate while playing, so it's easy to adjust rotation to a level you find comfortable.One of the game's main strengths, in my opinion, is that there's a ton of variation; not just in enemy types and obstacles, but also in game mechanics and design. The gravity mechanics enable a level design where the ground not only is functional, but also has a curved and visually appealing topography. There are both low and no gravity levels, and even a level with alternating gravity. Enemies range from robotic tanks and aggressive UFOs to sniper rifles, homing missiles, huge showers of meteors, and a bunch more.Each zone have their own orchestral musical themes. I'm especially fond of Eclipse, which has sort of a gothic rock opera feel to it. At least that's what I'm imagining it to be, though I don't have anything to compare it with for reference. You'll find the soundtrack onBandcamp, where you can give it a free listen before deciding to pay-what-you-want for high-quality downloads. The visuals are colorful and clean, and though there isn't a ton of variation in textures, there's an attention to detail that makes the world feel alive. Like the leaves and cotton balls floating around in the foreground, and plants jiggling a bit when you walk past them. There are also some subtle changes in the expressions of the octopus protagonists, like when their eyes bulge slightly when an enemy is near. Another thing that I found adorable is how when you rescue sea animals, they bob about in a trail behind you throughout the rest of the level.It took me slightly less than 12 hours to rescue enough sea critters to unlock the boss encounter and get through the game. That time also includes finding and completing two hidden levels and well over 2000 deaths and retries. There are more than enough sea creatures to rescue to complete the game, and since difficulty varies between levels and your choice of octopus and player skill, you might find that you'll get through the game faster. The hidden levels can be unlocked by finding a hidden exit in some of the levels, and levels with such exits are marked on the map once you've rescued every animal in them.The game can be played with either a keyboard or a gamepad, and though I prefer keyboard controls, my wired Xbox 360 controller works well both in menus and in-game. Most input buttons can be remapped, and in addition to movement and screen rotation, there's also an input to quickly restart from the last checkpoint. There are a few graphical settings that can be tweaked, but I had no problems running the game at a stable 60FPS on my laptop with Linux Mint 17 KDE and GeForce GT 630M. I did eventually decide to turn a few settings to low, but only because the back- and foreground effects started to give me a hint of motion sickness. By default, the game will try to adjust settings to give you a stable performance, but this can be turned off if you prefer to tune things manually. There's also a timer that can be turned on and will be displayed in the upper left corner, which should be handy for speedrunners.Airscape is unlike anything I've played, and though it looks like a Super Mario Galaxy in 2D, you should expect something closer toSuper Meat BoyorDustforce DXin terms of difficulty. The game has a fair share of checkpoints though, so less experienced players should still be able to get through it with some persistence. I finished the game a week ago, but I'm far from done with it, and have been picking it up for a bit every day since to try to rescue more sea creatures and uncover more secrets.NOTE:This review was originally published onGamingOnLinux."
,Recommended,317250,28135702,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,4s*,"It's a simple, easy to learn-hard to master type of platformer with unique elements like gravity shifting. Not one of the best platformers you will ever play but ""meh"".Graphics wise, it appeals to the eye. Even though the screen rotation might make you dizzy sometimes, there is an option to adjust the rate of rotation. I like the user interface generally, and the story presentation."
76561198242050690,Not Recommended,317250,24243335,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,commandergecko2,"I think it's safe to say, based on the fact that there is an achievement for ""die 2500 times,"" that this game is a poor execution of ""Super Meat Boy with rotating gravity.""While the art and music are fine and definitely suit the atmosphere, the touchy controls, water physics that never feel quite right (especially when you start to bob around the water's surface), the constant spinning that you have to keep up with (yes, even when you adjust it to spin slower), and the overly difficult scenarios you're plopped into within the first few minutes make this game an unenjoyable experience.In conclusion it feels a lot like BEEP - another platforming game that knew what it wanted to do, and yet when it came down to the level design and especially how the player moved in the levels, it was clunky and unenjoyable.  I strongly believe that this is the reason why the game failed, not simply because a game's success is ""hit or miss"" as is laughably claimed in this article:http://www.pcgamer.com/airscape-the-fall-of-gravity-developer-looks-at-why-it-flopped/"
,Recommended,317250,29270222,Posted: 15 January,all,Captain Titus,"Do not let yourself be fooled by the cutesy graphics and the screenshots - this is a properly difficult game.A platformer by nature, you play as an octopus on a mission to rescue your friends. You will traverse many worlds, each with its own unique layout and challenges. The game starts off gently, slowly easing you in and helping you to grasp the mechanics and controls. However, things quickly begin to ramp up and you will find yourself tested. Be warned - you will die many, many times before reaching the end.There is an astonishing amount of content for such a low price. Added to which, the controls and mechanics are fantastic - if you die, you will know that it was your own fault. The graphics and music are also a perfect fit for the game itself, and the worlds are wonderfully designed and thought out.A word of caution - some people get motion sickness from the screen rotation. It can be adjusted, but may not alleviate it for those prone to such things.Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys platformers, or for anyone looking for a proper challenge. You will not be disappointed.Played on Windows 10 Pro x64 without any issues."
,Recommended,317250,24937162,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Duck Hunt-Pr0,"I can understand the reason why the screen rotation-rate slider goes from""Less dizzy""to""More snappy""...I don't get seasick easily. But when i stood up after having played this game for the first time, it took quite a few minutes until the sense of balance went back to feeling completely normal againOther than that, the game is a blast! And the orchestral music is just amazing!So,be warned if you are very prone to getting motionsickness, have a neck-injury, (or playing it when hungover)...(EDIT: For me, It actually feltless""dizzying"" just putting rotation-rate to maximum)"
76561198104052224,Recommended,317250,28334739,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Covert Elephant,Difficult platformer that deserves a lot more attention than it is getting
,Not Recommended,317250,26242193,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Vandalk,"This game starts out as a fun platformer, with tight controls, a good level design and mechanics, but it soon derails into a sadistic and  frustrating sequence of really bad and unforgiving level design, that makes it feel like it's dumb luck when you finally can get past some of it's obstacles course.Take a look at it's global achievements page and you'll see how it unnaturally drops right after the third achievement, which is how far you can get after about one hour of play. And after playing I understand why, as it's where the level design starts its sadistic and frustrating trend.It has it's moments, but I can't really recommend it."
76561198273720151,Recommended,317250,29700664,Posted: 4 February,all,Donkey Belly,"Good:*Challenging  - Reminiscent of Super Meat Boy, though somehow not as rewarding. Controls are tight; most, if not all, deaths are your fault.*Clever Level Designs - Some levels felt phoned in, but MANY took advantage of the game's cool gravity mechanic. Not to mention, the different worlds vary in atmosphere greatly, which is very nice.*Adjustable motion rotation for camera - I turned mine up all the way, and only a couple of moments made me dizzy. The option is still there to turn it down if you are susceptible to motion sickness.*Ambience - Music and graphics fit well together. They don't bring the game down.*Sale price - So cheap. Definitely worth $0.49. I'd have paid full price if I knew I'd enjoy it as much as I do (still only $5).Bad:*Exhausting - Being challenging can be a bad quality, too. I've been able to play 3 sessions, a half hour each. There's a reason most reviews you see for this game are 3 hours or fewer. Every moment requires your full attention and hard concentration. Not the kind of game to spend an afternoon on, or to play while watching a movie or TV show on Netflix.If you like platformers, there's no reason you shouldn't try this one out."
76561198093919303,Recommended,317250,33043641,Posted: 30 June,all,Master Cube,"Airscape: the Fall of Gravity is a weird 2D gravity-changing platformer. You play as an adorable little octopus, who is just trying to save his friends from the evil robots and go home. As you progress, you save more of your octopus buddies, which corresponds to unlocking different ""skins"" with alternate abilities. And, of course, the levels get much harder the further you go on.I liked Airscape. Early on, it felt a little weird and rough around the edges, but I definitely grew more fond of it as I played. Like I said before, it does get harder, and there are some levels that are pretty difficult. Nothing on the hardest levels of super meat boy or similar, but definitely up there. Mechanically, the game was pretty sound. There were a few strange bugs with gravity shifting unexpectedly, specifically when it came to ledges that you shouldn't be able to stand on but could, but other than that, it was definitely fine for an indie developer AND for the price point.Ultimately, I think that this game is probably not going to be appealing to a lot of people, just because it's basically another platformer with a twist. But if you like those styles of games, or if you liked the gravity shenanigans of Super Mario Galaxy, then I would certainly recommend it!"
76561198143900406,Recommended,317250,22861205,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,chrysme,"A cute platformer with interesting environments even though it can be kind of janky at times.The game is not visually complex but the environments are a lot more varied than I expected for an indie game, each of the 15 normal worlds has its own visual style, and they all look pretty nice.The gravity shifting is mostly used to make linear levels coil around themselves which makes for pretty cool visual effects, but straightforward platforming. There are 1 to 3 optional collectables per level, never too far from the main path. A handful of these collectables are time restricted and require you to speedrun the level with a not too strict time limit.Some movement quirks take a bit of practice to get used to, notably the way jumping out of water works (the incline of the water surface against gravity determines how much of your momentum you get to keep) and the fact that whenever gravity changes your controls also change instantly, before the camera can even catch up.The difficulty curve is fairly smooth and the game isn't terribly difficult if you're used to the genre. For reference I'm (probably) the target audience for this kind of game and I beat it entirely in around 7 hours according to Steam. Actually challenging levels start to appear about 2/3 through when some enemies ripped straight from N+ show up.There are a few mostly inconsequential bugs; if you die in water sometimes the music stays muffled when you respawn and fixes itself next time you jump out of water. The very last secret level also has plenty of visual glitches whenever you respawn which may or may not fix themselves when you progress to the next section of the level.Overall I'd recommend this game to people interested in the genre."
,Recommended,317250,25732051,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,jman,19 cent game that gives 21 cents in cards.10/10
,Not Recommended,317250,26481716,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Station Earth,"Controls are way too slippery to enjoy in addition to changing the rules all the time. The game tries it's absolute best to work with a screen that's can rotate full circle which in it's own sense is creative but fails to execute it nicely. It goes to show that not all ideas are a good one. I appreciate that it's something different for platformers but it's so confusing that it just isn't fair for the player in the end.There's no indication whatsoever as to where your character is oriented on land when you're in water. Once you leave the body of water you're character is re-oriented to land on whichever land you're nearest to which is impossible to figure out and confusing as hell especially in the later stages. Leaving a body of water can mean turning your character upside down, right, or left without any indication of doing so usually leading to your death because you're unable to know where your character will land when you leave said body.tl;dr: good concept, horrible execution.Not sure how this made it onto steam sigh"
,Recommended,317250,23487023,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Riculo,"This game is tons of fun! I completed it in a few days but that doesn't mean that the game is short, I just loved it so much that played almost 20 hours of it in 4 days. If you like difficult platformers that look very cute, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,317250,24961494,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,HudsonWolf,"Beneath the cute visuals ofSuper Calamari BoyAirscape lies a hard-as-nails platformer (the credits helpfully informed me I died 1663 times in the course of completing it) with interesting level design and a solid amount of diverse content, and it's definitely worth checking out.You play as one of five octopi (unlocked through the course of the game), each with a special ability of sorts (one's faster, one's floatier, one can slow time, one can teleport a short distance, and Red... doesn't seem to do anything, as far as I can tell), fighting a mysterious mechanical menace to rescue sea critters. There are usually two or three critters per level, some in convenient locations and some out of the way or requiring a mad dash through the level to reach in time, and unlocks are based on these, which gives a good deal of freedom to pick your levels and avoid some particularly nefarious ones if you so choose (full disclosure: the levels featuring maneuvering in water almost made me give up on it early, but I'm quite glad I stuck it out).As the title might indicate, there are some gravitational shenanigans involved - the levels usually take place on essentially tiny planetoids, and the direction that is 'down' will often shift several times over the course of a level (and as many levels have curved ground, often without even thinking about it). It's all part of the level itself, though - the controls are pretty elegantly minimal (up/right/left/shift-for-special-ability). This leaves the levels themselves to hold most of the complexity and they do that well - there are 15 areas in the main game, each with their own style and features, and you end up winding your way through an impressive array of platforms, lasers, cannons, robots, water, acid, homing missiles, mines, and of course the final boss, a force too menacing to be described.It's a great game. If you're looking for a platformer that's reasonably challenging - but not unreasonably challenging - look no further.(Side note: I got the 'complete the game in under an hour' achievement despite my playtime on the save file being around five hours, so don't be put off by that - it's probably summing the actual level completion times.)"
76561198082741866,Recommended,317250,31011300,Posted: 7 April,all,SnowReason,"Great level design, unique concept. The levels I've played so far have a balanced learning curve. Don't play this expecting not to die though, because you will, a lot. Depending on the settings you may get motion sick."
76561197988230937,Not Recommended,317250,31453750,Posted: 29 April,all,mouse,"Well this game sucks. I was expecting something like Mario Galaxy, and I guess in a sense that's what it is. But it's a very disorientating and a poorly executed interpretation of Mario Galaxy. It could have been a great game but there are several critical issues working against it.The first issue is the combination of the camera and the controls. Naturally the camera always rotates so it appears as if you're standing straight up. And that works well enough while you're on the ground, but when you're swimming, the controls switch to a completely different setup. Left and right now rotate the camera instead of controlling which direction you're trying to move your character. So it doesn't feel like you're controlling your character anymore so much as you're trying to steer him while he rockets forward. So switching back and forth between the two control setups in a pinch is very disorientating, and considering how many of the levels have you switching back and forth very quickly, it very frequently results in a death.I should point out it's possible to adjust how fast the camera rotates. It's based on a percentage, with 0% being no camera rotation, and 200% being the fastest speed. But anything that's not 200% or 0% is a waste of time because who wants a camera that can only slowly rotate to the direction you're facing? That seems like it would only add to the disorientation. Thankfully the developers had the good sense to let you adjust this on the fly with keybindings, but this means the developers clearly knew this was an issue, and couldn't/wouldn't fix it.The next issue is the difficulty. It scales up too quickly. The first few levels are a joyous half-hearted romp through the park on a mild Saturday afternoon. By level 11, you have to dodge missiles, landmines, tanks with chainsaws, lasers, and killer UFOs while trying to reach a location at the top of a broken path to collect a thing before it's gone forever because there's a time limit. All the while you have to switch back and forth between the two disorientating control setups because there's chunks of land and bodies of water you're required to maneuver through. And considering how short the levels are, that is a very sharp difficulty increase.What's interesting is you can unlock different characters, but the bizarre part is the new character appears to be a complete improvement on the previous. Once you unlock the purple character, there is no reason at all to use orange. So why do they even bother letting you switch back to him? It should just be a new ability for the previous character.Honestly I could overlook all of this game's issues, including the fact you can't rebind the very necessary run key, which means if you keep your hand on the home row like an adult and need to run to the left, you get to eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ And don't expect that to get fixed any time soon because the developers were informed of this a year or so ago and there's been no response from them on the matter. But even that would be forgivable if not for the biggest issue of all:You only have one health point. This above all else is what kills the experience for me. With all of the disorientating camera rotations, disorientating control changes, disorientating level designs, missile dodging, landmine dodging, tank with chainsaw dodging, laser dodging, killer UFO dodging, and absurdly short time limits, would having more than 1 health point really break gameplay? Would it really be so terrible if I could take one free hit before having to restart the whole level all over again because I didn't reach the thing before it disappeared forever?Having only one health point is expecting a lot of discipline from the player, while the game itself shows no discipline of its own.Fix your camera and control issues first, then you can punish me for not navigating your disorientating levels fast enough.In short, I give Disorientation: The Disorientating Strikes Back a disorientating disorientation out of 10."
76561198183170047,Recommended,317250,33232694,Posted: 4 July,all,Cattycuz,"octopus with gravity, seems like one of those cool religions"
76561198018326356,Recommended,317250,31580598,Posted: 6 May,all,Lowenly,"Airscape is the greatest platformer you’ve never played.  Take the traditional stage-based 2D precision platformer.  Add in the gravitational relativity of Mario Galaxy.  Now split the game into 15 worlds, give each world its own gimmick, and give each level its own special take on that gimmick, and only the surface has been scratched of what Airscape has to offer.The level variety is astounding.  The gravitational relativity allows for levels to be linear, circular, vertical, amorphous, or all manner of other shapes never seen before (aided by the fact that water isn’t affected by gravity at all). There’s piles of different enemies, traps, and interactable objects in the game, each with important different mechanics, and so many that some are only ever seen in two or three of the 50+ levels.  Levels are long and complex enough that each obstacle is used to its full extent once it shows up, so nothing ever feels like its potential was wasted, nor is anything reused so much it wears out its welcome.  But be careful; Airscape is a true precision platformer, and the difficulty is very firm!  However, the difficulty curve is gracious, and offers the player a lot of easy levels up front to get used to things before turning on the heat.In a nigh-unheard of move for a precision platformer, Airscape also has five very different characters to play: one moves faster, one has floaty jumps, one can teleport short distances, one can slow down the game speed, and one has a double-jump.  Despite these drastic differences all levels can still be completed with any character, and there’s no clear “best” pick, just different playstyles to suit a player’s preferences.  The character selection is a testament to the game’s robustness, as each level had to be designed with all five playstyles in mind to avoid game-breaking exploits while still being appropriately difficult, and it succeeds handily in that regard.No review of this game would be a true review without giving praise to the glorious background music.  Throughout the game are beautiful, sweeping orchestral melodies that rival what any big-budget production brings to the table.  Each track elicits a different emotion perfect for the visual style of the world at hand, and while a player might pick out their “best” song, they’d be very hard-pressed to pick out their worst.No review can really do this game justice: it is the real deal.  It does everything it sets out to do, and does so much more while doing it."
,Recommended,317250,31940737,Posted: 24 May,all,Above | Aluna,A fun little game which looks good! But the gameplay is quite difficult and the screen rotating over and over again gives me a bad headache. Although the game is fun and should try this game if you are a fan of platformer games. Oh en I love the squid sounds <3Pros:+ A cute Squid+ Good sound effects+ Good world designCons:- Getting a headache of the spinning screen- Quite a hard game- I can just play it for 15 minutes straight If I will play any longer I will get sick haha6.5/10 This game is fun but I get a bad headache after playing this game for several minutes because of the constant screen rotations!
,Recommended,317250,31052930,Posted: 9 April,all,Big Man of Big Manville,Good platformer for a cheap price. Something new would reccomend. 10/10
,Recommended,317250,34879604,Posted: 11 September,all,Blank,Im FALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLING
,Recommended,317250,32900268,Posted: 27 June,all,pneumough,"Fun game, good platforming and interesting gravity mechanics."
,Recommended,317250,23547804,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,apprenticebard,"Bought this in a $2 bundle, so I guess I paid about $.35 cents for it. I don't actually like most platformers, but this one's cute, and the gameplay's fairly innovative. You play as an octopus-thing who rescues ""critters"" suspended in the air, and you reach them by alternately running along the ground and swimming through water. There's no real ""up"", as the gravity changes from area to area. It doesn't take long to get used to, though, and the controls work pretty well (which is important, given how many things in this pretty little world are trying to kill you).I personally wouldn't pay full price for it, but if you really like platformers, this is a good one. If it's on sale and looks like the sort of game you might enjoy, go ahead and give it a try."
,Recommended,317250,29757833,Posted: 7 February,all,☣fish finger lickin' good☣,"this game was okay in my standards, but i dont think everyone would like ithere are some of the positives:-the quality of the graphics (all on the highest setting)-the music-art styles-suitable for childrenBUT with the negatives:-controls were terrible-if the settings werent turned up on the highest the game looked like a bunch of shapes-motion sickness-the game for some reason zooms in when you jump-frustrating controlsAll together the game was cheap and kind of fun"
76561198066751710,Recommended,317250,23483219,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Vanseyolo,"Good platformer, smartly using gravity and perspective.+ Controls are intuitive and reactive, platforming is challenging and fair.+ Music fits the theme, gets repetetive, but enjoyable.+ Multiple characters to play once unlocked.+ Full controller support (both D-pad and joystick), keyboard is sufficient though- Stressful for the eyes due to spinning a lot.- Getting 100% each level can be difficult due time limitationsOverall, clear recommendation, 8/10"
76561198044581155,Not Recommended,317250,29306005,Posted: 16 January,all,d3sirio,"I'll be brief.The jumping is fine, the ""gravity"" mechanic is fine.Lasers, mines and  bullets are pretty standard and they work ok within the game.The art is cute and consistent.What's not fine is the close-up camera that doesn't let you see where you're going/landing most of the time.The sparse and arbitrary checkpoints are also quite frustrating when you can't even see death coming until the last second.The imprecise fans that blow you upwards are not fine.The water control are definitely not fine: the analog rotates you and the jump button propels you forward. Avoiding lasers, mines and chasers with these controls is extremely awkward, and they make up a considerable portion of the game from a certain point onwards.The game suffers from a few key design flaws that made me hate it as soon as stages started getting tough.The approach seems to strongly favor trial and error rather than skill and reflexes.I advise against purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,317250,33103905,Posted: 1 July,all,ClutchPedal,"Bought it in a bundle bc the game i was looking at was more than the bundle, lol.The music is nice and the characters are cute. The platforming is interesting but the big thing is that it made me motion sick. There's an option to adjust how spinny the screen is and a button to reorient the screen if you have it lower, but i couldnt get to a place where i could play the game without feeling dizzy, which was weird for me. Maybe it's having to look harder bc of the muted color pallete?It's a cute nice game, and it's regrettable that it'll sit uninstalled in my library."
,Recommended,317250,24392708,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Gohenko,"Cute artstyle and music but fairly challenging as a platformer. It's not too special of a game, but I suppose it's worth the price tag.Maybe don't buy the game if you get motion sick easily."
,Recommended,317250,30474594,Posted: 12 March,all,MisterLtGames,"This game is a great, cheap little time waster. The idea is well executed and the game looks very nice."
,Recommended,317250,22102510,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nyanie,Quite enjoyable. Seems straight forward at first but theres more depth and complexity here than what I was expecting. Great job!
,Recommended,317250,29145101,Posted: 9 January,all,|HSO| Hunter,Play this while absolutely hammered with screen rotation on full
76561198081805982,Recommended,317250,28670355,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Amoregis,If you are up for a bit of a challenge you will feel quite comfortable here.
,Recommended,317250,28519029,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is an action platform game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to play fullscreen or windowed mode.There are many resolution sizes available.There is Music volume slidebar available with a %.There is a sound volume slidebar available with a %.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.You are able to play with a controller.There are 3 different save slots available.There is a small tutorial available.About the game.You are playing with some Squid on some Airscapes or asteroid things. You have to jump and flip the gravity whenever you are moving to a different rock. If you have played ""Super mario Galaxy"", then you could compare it with this. There are collectable in each level and they are needed to move on to a new section. There are bars/lines in the bottom of the screen. This should be seen as a collectable counter.  There are different themes and worlds with their own playstyle. There are checkpoints throughout the levels. Whenever you do die, you will respawn back at the checkpoint but will lose all of the progress that u have made until the last touch to the checkpoint. So if you have 2 collectables, but you touch the checkpoint whenever you had only 1 collectable without a renewing. Then you will respawn back with 1 collectable. Some of the collectables do have a timer. If you are too late, You will be forced to restart the entire level. You have to save your other squid friends and you will be be able to play with them after completing the level.Calming Game.Calming Music.Each level has collectables.Sidewards screen rotation.Different squids has different ""effects""Has collectable counter in each level.Different world themes.It is a kid's friendly game.However the screen rotation COULD be a bugger for them.You are able to reduce the screen rotation including turning it off.There is a world map available where you are able to see the collectable progress and select your level.Some of the collectables are time based.Other things.If you are familiar with the Yoshi island ""Moon Raven"" Boss, That you are fighting him on the yellow moon. The screen also get sidewards rotated. This game is almost the same like that.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
76561198124398279,Recommended,317250,33495153,Posted: 12 July,all,A Competitive Bombsquad Player,"All of these negative reviews are just picky... This game is in the Difficult tag for a reason, Atleast it's possible to beat andantoher thing. I bought this game for 0.15 I mean who the hell wouldn't buy a game for 0.15, sell a card for a quality and hard game."
,Recommended,317250,31218575,Posted: 18 April,all,Affe0201,"Sometimes a bit too hard for me (cuz i suck), but overall for 2$ you get a really good game."
,Recommended,317250,30991223,Posted: 6 April,all,SLIME,👌
,Recommended,317250,23719034,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,daetante,"I just swam and splattered through the first world. The Mario Galaxy inspiration is clear on the galaxy map, but in the levels the feeling is totally original and has great flow. Wow, this game really blew me away. I didn't find a single gripe in that whole sequence. There's some incredible platforming yet to discover, I am convinced!"
,Recommended,317250,24623991,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Tyler Bryan I Trader,I love whenever you finish a level... It's the perfect sound to do a mega dab! xD
76561198044712847,Recommended,317250,25033178,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,bfops,"tl;dr For the part of the game I've played, I'd recommend buying this on >50% sale.Amount played: the first seven or eight ""zones"", each of which has a few levels in it.Pros:* Rotating gravity is a fun mechanic, and it's not beaten to death as a gimmick* Art is well done. Cute but not trying too hard.* Options to tone down (or disable) camera rotation for people who get motion sickness* Each zone has a theme (beaches, caves, poison clouds, moon, etc.)* You unlock different characters with slightly different attributes (movement speed, ability to float, ability to ""warp dash"")* Great checkpoint placement - I've never felt screwed by the lack of a checkpoint* Somebody put thought & care into the level design. It's not Portal-tier design, but definitely pretty good.* Optional speedrun incentive: some levels have gems that can only be collected for a limited time.Cons:* Movement controls take some getting used to. They're very predictable, but you need do need to be ready to learn to compensate for momentum to avoid running into everything, especially in water levels.* There's a maximum camera rotation speed, and a few levels require you to think quickly while your character is rotation faster than the camera.* Movement controls are relative to the character and not to the camera* Some levels have fans in them. Imo fans are incredibly frustrating to work with: sometimes I'm blasted into the air, sometimes I hover. I have no ability to predict how I will move from how I approach the fan. It's a frustrating mess on its own, and even worse when combined with other obstacles. I get through those areas just by trying a thousand times.* My current ""♥♥♥♥ this I'm out"" zone has guns that will track you and insta-kill you if you don't move out of their line of sight within ~half a second. They demand a new tier of split-second timing and movement precision that, in my opinion, this game isn't built for."
,Recommended,317250,24652711,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Edga_games //csgoatse.com//,"Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is afast-paced, challenging action platformer. You play as an octopus, who got kidnapped by a mechanical alien race. You need to jump, dodge to complete levels. It gets challenging later on.Pros+Interesting levels+Five characters you can choose from (You need to unlock them first)+Soundtrack for this game is niceCons-Can be hard later on and can be sometimes nerve-wracking-Some achievements are hard.-Sound can sometimes glitch out.OverallI like this game and I would suggest for challenging-type of players but if you are more casual gamer than it's your choice if you want to take a challenge. I rate this game8/10."
,Recommended,317250,23514921,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hem,"Excellent platformer indie game!To say it simply: imagine an indie game taking a bit of Super Meatboy, Ecco 2, and Rayman 1. Make it a bit more amateurish and unpolished, but preserve the hard core gameplay, the dreamy art design, the multi ways platform style... oh, and give it a very forgettable title: you got Airscape.The gameplay is a bit clumsy, the graphic design is a tad amateurish, the music is unfortunately casual, but all these weaknesses are nothing compared to the feeling that Airscape provides you gaming-wise. Indeed: you may start the first few levels, wondering what you can expect more from that kiddish game. Then the difficulty will rise up and rise up, and if you ARE a REAL gamer, you will KEEP on pressing RESTART even after your HUNDREDTH death just because you want to finish that DARN level! So: a very smart level design.Plus, there are Items to gather, Characters to unlock, Secret Levels to find, almost no bug whatsoever so far, and a real and authentic effort in the overall structure and graphics of that game. That is a lot of old-school way (I did not say retro) of thinking there, which is really satisfactory. All in all: if you can forgive this indie game's weaknesses and clumsiness, you may enjoy a real play time. I have more than 15 hours in that game already and I'm only at 75% I would say.Now I will look forward to what this developing studio is up to in the future because there is some real honest quality game here! I do recommend!Note 1: I played this game like many of my platformers, with the keyboard, and it works great! No idea how the controller gameplay feels.Note 2: Beware, the gravity/camera rotates a lot, so you may feel sick, depending on people (I am fine, my wife gets sick)"
76561198213666149,Recommended,317250,30363148,Posted: 6 March,all,mudragreas,"Ok, this is definitely not my style, not even in a platform game's standards. To make things even worse, it rotates the screen in a way that makes me nauseus.However, It has a certain appeal that I can't deny: It's genuine, it's cute, it supports controller, runs on all platforms, and it's on a honest price, especially when bought from a bundle.I don't like it, but you might do, and, if you're into platformers, it's almost free to give it a try and find out."
76561198185190082,Recommended,317250,30457407,Posted: 11 March,all,Ghost Meep,It's a cute fast paced game.Easy to play at first but gets very challenging the more you play.Not for the motion sickness kind though :P
,Not Recommended,317250,32816665,Posted: 26 June,all,trash,"I bought it from the sale, and I'm not extremely happy. For the sale price I guess it was okay, but it gets kinda boring after a while. The concept is good, but it is just lacking in some areas. I honestly hate giving bad reviews, and this isn't a bad game, I just wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,317250,25438803,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,foddertarget,"I really wanted to enjoy this game.Levels quickly ramp up in difficulty. Camera is zoomed in close on most levels so it was frustrating to know where to go (if there was way to zoom out, I couldn't figure it out). Throw in a large amounts of overlapping, player killing obstacles that the only way to learn the path through is to die, die, and die again while struggling with controls that feel sloppy. With progress being stopped cold a number of times, while trying to get past a hazard choke point 50+ times, I lost interest in continuing.To sum up, it's not an easy game, and it isn't really any fun."
,Recommended,317250,24225708,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,iEn | BUBBLEBOY,"Had lots of fun with this one!Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is an excellent game about some different coloured octopi that try to save their sea critter friends at the same time as fighting off a robot alien invasion. By saving their friends.Platforming is excellent in this game, as well as a little bit of difficulty that should keep you playing for a while, however, it could be a bit longer.Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is a colourful and cute indie-platformer that will keep you playing for long enough."
,Recommended,317250,25740324,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nickor,"Starting zone 3 this game gets insanely hard. Got it dirt cheap, enjoyed a bit, collected cards, fine with me.  I'd like to tell the devs - if you think people would enjoy dying 2500 times to complete a game, you are quite wrong."
76561198034588522,Not Recommended,317250,29919245,Posted: 14 February,all,Rogier,"Its verry cheap, but not verry fun. The platforming concept is quite different... but unfortunatly not in a good way. The camera is going al over the place. Even if you turn the camera rotation to the lowest setting is gets annoying quite vast. Warning for people who easely get motion sick: Dont buy this game! No really dont you will puke. For me the game lost all its charm after 10 minutes or so, its just not intresting enough to keep jou playing and the camera is just way to annoying."
,Recommended,317250,32601809,Posted: 20 June,all,Waifu-chan,Good things about this game:* it's frustratingBad things about this game:* it's frustrating10/10 would play again
76561198101652734,Recommended,317250,28633008,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
76561198354064829,Recommended,317250,29013188,Posted: 4 January,all,bradster1922,really cheap and really fun i think it is worth it because its hard and it passes time for a cheap price
76561198256745979,Recommended,317250,28946221,Posted: 2 January,all,Roply,this games art style is amazing
,Recommended,317250,29236809,Posted: 13 January,all,PaygonA,"Infomation -Brought this game for £0.15 when it was on sale, an amazing purchase to say the least. The artwork and physics of the game are amazing for it's price and should cost more. If you are looking for a game to just sit down, listen to music and chill then this is the one. You may be asking what is the game about? You are a squid kidnapped by a ""mechanical alien race"" set to save your friends in a 2D side scroller action packed adventure. If Super Mario Galaxy was 2 dimensional then this would be it, also some of the features remind me of Yoshi's Island like how the fish follow you around when collecting the glowing orbs. £1.99 is a great purchase for 60 levels and a few hours of fun.Details -Runs on low end devices / Single player / Cartoon GraphicsOverall I would rate this game a 6.5/10 - January, 2017"
,Recommended,317250,32739702,Posted: 24 June,all,Choquito Borges é o melhor gato,"Paid some cents and... it worths!Very cute and hard game.Simple but hard, very colored and fluffy characters.But wouldn't pay more than some cents for it."
,Recommended,317250,33055661,Posted: 30 June,all,xloki,"Great game, artstyle and levels!"
,Not Recommended,317250,28808759,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Xenon (Xe),"It has a interesting concept, bust sadly it will get very annoying, very quickly. It got really blurry, enough so to give me a headache, and its music will sometimes fizzle and crackle, worsening said headache."
,Recommended,317250,29011813,Posted: 4 January,all,Strict Popcorn,"Before I start my review, I'd just like to say how adorable this game is. Honestly I only bought it because it looked cute.The GraphicsAs I normally start all of my reviews, I have to look at the graphics first. Graphics are usually one of the first things people look for when choosing a new game to dive into. Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is a beautiful 2D-ish platformer. When I first picked up this game I honestly didn't expect much, especially for the $.50 that I paid for it. (Yes, I paid for it, but steam says I got it for free, so whatever.) But like always, I was mistaken. This game is beautiful, simply stunning for what it is. The edges are sharp, the visuals are pleasing and the art style keeps me coming back for more. I couldn't really ask for much more when it comes to a game such as this one, let's move on.GameplayThis is where I was extremely caught off guard, this game takes advantage of some insane physics, I highly recommend turning your rotation down when you start playing, because motion sickness is definitely possible when playing this game for too long. The controls are very simple, up (jump) left and right, and shift to run/sprint. However, that doesn't mean this game is easy. There's many achievements for dying in this game, in fact at the very end of the story it will tell you how many deaths you had in your play through. It seems that around 1500-2000 is the normal amount for this game, but don't let that stop you. It's a hell of a lot of fun to play.StoryThis game has a simple story, but beware there are spoilers ahead. If you haven't started this game, you may want to skip this section.So, in the beginning you find a group of other creatures, after swimming with them, you, and your new friends get captured and you have to find them. This game has a very simple story, beat level, play next level, advance. Rinse, wash, repeat. But, it is fun. I haven't personally gotten far in this game as of the time of this review, but I definitely will finish this game in the near future.SummaryAll in all, this is a very well rounded platformer, with a gorgeous are style and an absolute load of gameplay to go with it. It's cute, it's fun, and you'll like it. Buy it for the price, play it for the experience."
,Recommended,317250,31737315,Posted: 13 May,all,Emma華tson,"""Try to jump out of gravity?Nop,it's just break through the gravity."""
76561198273013454,Recommended,317250,30971776,Posted: 5 April,all,Koalafied5,"One of the neatest strategy games I have ever played. It is a gauntlet for a little octopus who is just trying to save his friends and return home. Not a relaxing game and causes frustration when you can get all but 1 of the critters needed to complete the level. If you do not pass the checkpoint and you die you need to start over again and some levels can be quite tricky and tedious. 7/10 for quality 5/10 for controls and maneuvering , 9/10 concept. 8/10 graphics and soundtrack. It is very simple but well done. Very adorable overall!"
,Not Recommended,317250,29753325,Posted: 6 February,all,Raymond,"Airscape - The Fall of Gravity Review - Raymond KTI heard this was inspired by Super Mario Galaxy, and i did see the resemblence. It was on sale and i seen my opportunity. I think the biggest issue with this game is that it just doesnt look good in screen shots. The character is bland and the levels arent interesting looking unless they are spinning. The aesthetic looks like a default setting in unity. Platformers are a dime a dozen and you are going to have to really do something different. I have played free ios platformers with more depth, design, and gameplay innovation. So i really dont understand why this guy is mad, he made a cheap looking and playing game and priced it at 10 bucks and thinks that the consumer is the problem? I wish them well on their next game, but this was NEVER going to work and its not steam's fault, its not the consumer's fault. It's the game, it just isnt that good."
,Not Recommended,317250,28842497,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,csgobig.com --> code : stream,some glitches and i personally got extra extra dizzy
,Recommended,317250,29857473,Posted: 11 February,all,B a l l a g e,This game is good and cute.Good graphic for this platform. And the music is awesome too.And you can get trading cards which is good because you can make badge.
76561198031390153,Not Recommended,317250,29882521,Posted: 12 February,all,jumpshoerocket,"This game is not bad, just dull. The graphics are adequate. The underwater controls are sumetimes frustrating."
,Recommended,317250,29498145,Posted: 26 January,all,Gonzako,"There needs a better introduction to the game mechanics. The game doesnt leave you enough time to learn the execution prowess the levels want you to have. Here are my recomendations to improve it:-An easier start. I found that those levels would be great ""mini-bosses"". The 1st zone works well, but the 2nd zone introduces too many mechanics. I found the item kidnap the most unfair, taking into account the trial an error the game demands.-Make the game less demanding. Requiring the finesse in every level ended up tiring me a lot, adding easier levels between the hard ones, would be a lot less tiring.Overall, I found everything I've seen beatiful but the level desing makes the game really hard to play."
,Recommended,317250,29051013,Posted: 5 January,all,Adrian,"Awesome little game.  Difficult but ""streamlined"" in the Super Meat Boy sense.  Minimal downtime from dying and checkpoints are well spaced to preserve the challenge without making it tediousThe art is amazing also."
,Recommended,317250,30946298,Posted: 4 April,all,つぁぢかです,good
,Recommended,317250,29045689,Posted: 5 January,all,Schlong Dong Silver,"I can say without a doubt, the best 15p i have ever spent.This game is hard as balls and you will develop a love/hate realtionship with it after an hour or so. However, this game is very fun and addictice and the sound track is awesome. Great game.Highly reccomend, even at full price."
76561198350212700,Recommended,317250,29047909,Posted: 5 January,all,youstolemypie,Not Bad.... Perfect for passing time!
,Recommended,317250,29026401,Posted: 4 January,all,MeMosh,"Great game, weird pacing and theme:This game is very good and challenging but not engageing enough to become popular, interesting gamplay and good graphics are often not enough to capture people's attention for long.I feel like the pacing is wrong in some of the levels, they tend to get so big and you can only see a small part. The checkpoint placement sometimes makes you repeat large segments many times, this induces some form of fatigue.Another aspect in my oppinion is the visual theme, I feel like no one really cares about an octopus (a yellow blob really) with a fish tank in its head, its not eyecatching, same goes for the enemies.In general this is a very good game so I'll try to play it more, but ultimately cant see many people playing more that 2 hours."
76561198142410354,Recommended,317250,25832173,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,paintingburritos,"Cool game, Bought it because it was on sale, worth it"
,Recommended,317250,29041384,Posted: 5 January,all,Kun,(Y)
76561198199711854,Recommended,317250,25740396,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Slimy_Slim//Flash,Its just like mario but harder but this game is a awsome game i like it not da best but its good ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,317250,28968041,Posted: 2 January,all,なに？！！！,"Another puzzle game with ""Dark Soul - Like"" Difficult"
,Recommended,317250,31854202,Posted: 19 May,all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"Pretty hard game. Can't play this game for long time, because head my get dizzy from screen turning. Cute animation, many different characters and levels."
,Recommended,317250,33370832,Posted: 8 July,all,Lord Snek,"I have around two hours of “”Airscape - The Fall of Gravity” as of writing this review, but so far I have found this to be an excellent game. I brings in a bunch of interesting mechanics that personally, I have never seen before, and it introduces those concepts in simple, yet clever ways that need little to no text whatsoever. An example of this is when they introduce buttons, they start off by putting you in a closed room with a door, and a button, showing you what the buttons in this game do before you get to the more complicated parts. I wish more games introduced concepts in simpler ways like this game doesAt first, I thought this game was going to be way too easy, but as I got further in I discovered that not to be the case. It gradually gets more difficult as it goes, but it doesn't spike up the difficulty in a way that makes me want to quit playing altogether.Some people may have a slight issue with the rotation of the screen, but despite the very helpful slider that decreases, or increases the rate of rotation, I can see why some people might have a problem with this. If you have extreme motion sickness I would sadly say this would not be your best option, but you could always get it to see if the slider works for you, and if it doesn't there is no shame in refunding this gameThe soundtrack in this game is simply  phenomenal, I simply love them and got the OST (original soundtrack) right away, just so I could listen to it everywhere I go. Usually I play my own music behind games, but for this one I just had to close Spotify.What I also adore about this game is the graphical style. The terrain, water, and the charactersYou play as, are all beautifully created. They are both simple, yet elegant at the same time and I wish I could make graphics that look as great as these doThe controls are very smooth and simple, and even though I have yet to play this with a controller, I can tell it is one of those rare games that use the controller to it’s fullest potentialOverall with my relatively short experience with game, it has quickly become one of my top games and I wish I played this sooner despite me buying this back in November of 2016, and it is one of those rare gems of a game that you simply have to play, especially with it’s extremely cheap $2.19 CAD price tag."
,Recommended,317250,32958236,Posted: 28 June,all,comicconcarne,"I want to love this game. It's endearing. It let's you adjust the camera spin in case you get dizzy (I actually had to turn it up).But I *cannot* recommend this game to anyone with a completionist streak or anxiety. Airscape starts out deceptively cute and easy, and suddenly machine noises are cutting into the soundtrack (along with muffled underwater segments) and tearing you to bits as you reach for just one more... shiny? key?It's not being marketed as ""relaxing"", rather ""ultra-challenging"", so if you're looking for a difficult platformer then this is a prety unique one. Just keep a bottle of ibuprofen at hand."
,Recommended,317250,31282558,Posted: 21 April,all,LoverFromUFA,"Игра красочная, простая в управлении, после работы чтобы раслабиться можно в неё поиграть."
,Recommended,317250,29296049,Posted: 16 January,all,Dafreakzo,"I was able to play about 15 minutes of this game before i became violently ill from motion sickness.  This does not mean that Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is a bad game, because it isn't.  The characters are pretty unqiue, as is the gameplay.  But if you are prone to getting motion sickness, I would not recommend it.  If you do not experience that, you are in for a fun and good time!"
,Recommended,317250,33063993,Posted: 30 June,all,Zeydan,"A pretty revolucionary indie platformer ( or at least of what i've seen so far ), some maps feel a little too big for what they offer but other than that it's worth a shot, if you are not convinced you can just grab it on sales.Among other indies what you still willing to play the game other than just getting the trading cards its lot to say so i'll recommend it."
76561198037457143,Recommended,317250,29149367,Posted: 9 January,all,Ipu,"It's a nice game with well-working mechanics and a good feel to it, and has a great soundtrack as well. Definitely worth my 19 centsMy only complaint is that it's a bit unnecessarily difficult at some points. From a first glance one wouldn't think this is a true hardcore game that gets very frustrating"
,Recommended,317250,29359556,Posted: 19 January,all,Raghav Raghu,good game and needs a quick set of movements
76561198324172647,Recommended,317250,30597688,Posted: 18 March,all,Savage baby,i liked game
,Not Recommended,317250,29068588,Posted: 6 January,all,Liminha,"Don't play it if you don't wanna a headache.Even with the ""screen rotation ratio"" at it lowest, i felt a little nauseous."
76561198136474435,Recommended,317250,29306234,Posted: 16 January,all,(TRIK) GrumpyKitten,This game is fun and challenging although it makes me very dizzy so if you get dizzy easily i would not play but if you dont then it will be very fun.
76561198363221240,Recommended,317250,34139108,Posted: 9 August,all,Vel Rust,Feel good polish. Cute and puzzly. Definitely worth a buy and playthrough if you like inventive mechanics and platformers in general.
,Recommended,317250,34485535,Posted: 25 August,all,Magic_Platypus,Really fun puzzle game. Love the art style. Realy great work here (:
76561198053691964,Recommended,317250,34683191,Posted: 2 September,all,DoubleRaynbow,Bought the game on a special - it's a good game. The first half of the game is fun and challenging but later on it becomes very difficult (sometimes unrealistically difficult) and punishing for small mistakes. The graphics aren't WOWOW but it has its own unique art style. Some levels are very frustrating (especially if you go for all the timed orbs!) so be prepared to rage internally. Overall I would give the game a 7/10.
76561198284692845,Recommended,317250,34452383,Posted: 23 August,all,miloresk8,"Fun, the water puzzles will be frustrating and might make you dizzy, but I got it on sale so its a decent game"
,Recommended,317250,34685429,Posted: 2 September,all,Problematist,Hard. Frustrating. Punishing. Unforgiving. Slippery and confusing controls.All in all a good platformer.
76561198298677732,Recommended,317250,34318872,Posted: 17 August,all,-Pixelz-,"This is a very fun but very challenging game. The water effects are very smooth. The jumping is very smooth as well, not much delay at all. Overall, I rate this game a 7/10."
76561198186633482,Recommended,317250,34422536,Posted: 22 August,all,BETS.ggcsgoloto.comcsgoatse.com,"I love this game. It is a fantastic platformer, with an amazing soundtrack. It is a pretty difficult game, however that makes it so much more rewarding to finish a level. But there are also some dumb glitches, that may annoy you a little bit. Overall it is a great game, recommended for anyone who enjoys platformers."
76561198416067005,Recommended,317250,34493418,Posted: 25 August,all,clothespin,This is alot of fun
,Recommended,317250,28588458,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klutsac,lol
,Recommended,317250,23962627,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,manajercadangan2,Good
,Recommended,317250,28634005,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mine1204,"I got this game for 0.19 euro, when I got it I thought it was going to be crap, and I was pleasantly suprised. The graphics look good, The gameplay is awesome , the controlls feel kinda sloppy but as a guy who has used construct 2 I know there isnt that much to do about it. I would give it 8/10. It is worth the money."
76561198358822319,Recommended,317250,29253253,Posted: 14 January,all,MiniMeCat,nice casual game
,Recommended,317250,25628428,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Douglas Bolden,"Airscape has to be one of the most difficult, EASY games I have ever played. You start, and you are like, "" THIS IS EASY!"" ""This will be a walk in the park."" ""I feel like something is strange.""THIS GAME WILL MINDMELT YOU. Get ready for anger. Get ready for UNFAIR, yet perfectly EASY gameplay. YOU WILL UNDERSTAND AS YOU PLAY.I SUGGEST YOU GET RUBBER FOR YOUR MOUTH, IF YOU DON'T, YOU WILL BITE OFF YOUR TONGUE IN FRUSTRATION.I have to say that I DO, in fact, LOVE the way this game is presented. I actually beat the game without dying OVER 2500 times, but that being said, I did die 2387 times before I 101%ed the game.<-- ACHIEVEMENTPROS:Octopus are adorable.You get to help them.You fall in love with the sounds.CONS:The sound in this game crashes if you die over ~100 times in a single level.Difficulty, IT IS A MIX OF A PRO AND CON.Simplicity. The simplicity makes this game♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. I love the simplicity, but it is so simple that it is hard. lolI HEAVILY SUGGEST THIS GAME, AND I WANT TO TELL THE CREATORS THEY ARE GREAT.Sidenote to creators, I know the last level is glitchy because of how much is on the screen, but there should be a way to make it work a little better.PERFECT GAME!"
76561198309493408,Recommended,317250,25064293,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Coffee Maniac,"I bought this on sale and I love it, despite its mediocre graphics but the gameplay is interesting"
76561198198869615,Recommended,317250,30960203,Posted: 5 April,all,Ronald McDonald,fun
,Not Recommended,317250,35058197,Posted: 18 September,all,Bromanos,"I only got about 20 minutes into this when I started to get a pretty bad headache. I was enjoying it too up unil then. Pretty simple concept, looked like it could've expanded uon it nicelly. Only problem is the constant turning of the camera."
,Recommended,317250,30131021,Posted: 23 February,all,DakuShinobi,"Not gonna lie, I was surprised by this one, I think I got it in a humble bundle or something and I originally had no intention of playing it but I'm glad I did, the game is fun, decent to look at and really, deserves a little more attention. The gameplay is fast but also challenging if you aren't careful. My only gripe with the game really after 6 hours is, the water. The graphic for the water bothers me for some reason. Otherwise, great game!"
76561198044313620,Recommended,317250,28996408,Posted: 3 January,all,Little Jerry Seinfeld,"Awesome little game, tight controls and pleasing on the eye. Shame theres no death counter, but for 50c(on sale) this makes for an excellent platformer"
,Not Recommended,317250,31205055,Posted: 17 April,all,BananaLongQuanna,The game has a good concept but unfortunately it will make many motion sick and on top of that it wasn't really fun at all. 8 minutes of total playing time to prove my point. Save your $2 worth.
,Recommended,317250,32871141,Posted: 27 June,all,hayaTo hanZo,nice game
,Not Recommended,317250,29079744,Posted: 6 January,all,cleverlynot,"Considering how little it cost me, this is actually a fairly decent game. It's good to play while you're bored, but only if you're looking to enrage yourself with how broken the game is."
,Recommended,317250,28952343,Posted: 2 January,all,AlexaruHD®,Nice and cheap game.:)
76561198354786210,Not Recommended,317250,31793949,Posted: 16 May,all,EndMyLife.exe,"I played for about 20 minutes and at that point the camera had given me a headache and i quit.Not a bad game, just needs some work"
76561198261228760,Recommended,317250,29137848,Posted: 9 January,all,Kate,simple and beautiful graphics....
,Recommended,317250,24760558,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Moff117,"ive just started playing but im already in love...it looks amazing, plays amazing..5 stars"
,Recommended,317250,29781686,Posted: 8 February,all,Karate4 cs.money,"This game is awesome. I got it for 19 cents and when started just got a free copy of another game. WTF, but hell yeah I like you guys from eq games :D"
,Recommended,317250,34690373,Posted: 2 September,all,Phr0stY_D3mon,"Airscape - The Fall of Gravity is an action platformer in which you take control of an octopus and need to free critters and overcome obstacles to progress through the game.Pros:-Alternate take on platforming is amazing, with the 360-degree underwater manuveuring, to jumping onto land for more traditional platforming-Characters and creatures are cute and appealing-The game itself is incredibly challenging, even though it is so cute, offering a solid hardcore platforming experience-It has trading cards and Steam Achievements-Background and level design is great, and is appealing to look atCons:-The 360-degree rotation made me dizzy at times, and confused as to where I was in the level-You going to rage a lot if you aim for the 100% completion to obtain all the achievementsOverall, this is a solid take on an action platformer. Worth a look if you can get it on sale7/10Accidently ReviewedFree Games? Reviews? Competitions? Amazing Community? We got it all!|Please give AR a join if you would like some free games, and to be part of an amazing growing community!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,317250,30235388,Posted: 27 February,all,saaya,"interesting 2D platformerthere is no up or down, reminds me a bit of mario galaxynot that balanced/fine tunedgets difficult too fastnot so much funeverything is too big, feels like im zoomed in all the timeeven though its super simple graphics and its 60fps all the time it doesnt feel smooth somehowno storyno dialoguesvery basic audiovery basic world"
76561198161877294,Recommended,317250,22902259,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lercter,This game is great!! Check out the full review at:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RtnDKYZmXg&index=3&list=PLR2ydOpp4asyxotS7m8tdn8iSaKOxbT6v
,Not Recommended,317250,29226643,Posted: 13 January,all,am1ghost,this facking game so hardI DONT LIKE THIS GAME.. SO HARD..I DONT LIKE THIS GAME.. SO HARD..I DONT LIKE THIS GAME.. SO HARD..DONT BUY THIS GAME.. SO HARD..DONT BUY THIS GAME.. SO HARD..DONT BUY THIS GAME.. SO HARD..
,Not Recommended,317250,33129722,Posted: 2 July,all,El Flashka Noobka,"The game is kinda cool, if you like being killed every 15 seconds, and eventually get motion sickness. First few levels are enjoyable, but further you go, there are plenty of things that only purpose is to blow up your octopus. Is it worth 49 cents? I dunno, I had no use for this virtual money anyway."
,Not Recommended,317250,27854657,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Red,"I found it quite disorenting and caused me to feel quite motion sick. It's cute an' all but the controls are incredibly awkward when you turn off the screen rotation to reduce the nausia. Pressing the ctrl key to change the rotation didn't work either, when that happened, it just made me feel even more nausious.I do however recommend this game if you don't get rediculously ill from it.Wish there was an option to press Yes and No... < - <"
,Recommended,317250,23854108,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pink,It made me almost show phyical human emotion
,Recommended,317250,22624354,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,King Vegeta,Early ImpressionsEcco The Dolphin + Super Mario Galaxy + Super Meat BoyIt's pretty good.
,Recommended,317250,22517353,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Harix,"Interesting, sweet, cute little characters, he invironment is colorful and changable and the music is also great :)"
76561197994402548,Recommended,317250,18063688,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Nodachi,"Its a fun and hard platformer, dont let the cute looks fool you!"
,Recommended,317250,18401352,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cambion,"I really like the Super Meat Boy vibe coming from it. Like the before-mentioned game Airscape gives you quite a challenge, but it's doable after several attempts. It looks nice and I really enjoy the soundtrack. The gravity-focussed gameplay is fluent and you quickly adapt to it. All in all it's a solid platformer and definitely worth the money, if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198310519409,Recommended,317250,30285274,Posted: 2 March,all,SirPooStain,"This game is fairly good, tho it is not without cons.Pros: The soundtrack and the sound design is great. The art style is fun. The gameplay is fairly good (though there are definitely some issues). And the levels, from what I have played, are well designed.Cons: The rotating. If you get motion sick, do not get this game. The rotating of the screen can be changed but even then it is a big issue.Overall, definitely worth my money."
,Recommended,317250,29015885,Posted: 4 January,all,</F.2.5.N>,This game gave me a headache. but awesome headache. and i'm enjoyed it.
,Recommended,317250,29017304,Posted: 4 January,all,Janko,"Charming little game, definitely worth the ninteen cent it's discounted to at the time of my writing. Pick it up if you want a laid back, cute platformer. Grab it if it's still on sale when you see this."
76561198165664098,Recommended,317250,29011082,Posted: 4 January,all,Jeroen_zzn/ The beast,THIS game was good ntil i got sich and puked over my 1000 dollar setup thanks alotits deffinatly worth your money go ahead buy it but donjt fotget to buy the ♥♥♥♥ing dlc
,Recommended,317250,30062714,Posted: 20 February,all,Hellscr333m,"If you're in this to wander around, play and not worry about the timed fishies, you're going to have a great time. But if you're here for the speed challenge, forget it. This would be a fantastic experience if the mechanics were constistant. You can jump from the same spot repeatedly and not get the same height or distance. You can run into a fan at the same speed, on the same spot and not achieve the same result. I don't mind difficult games but I hate when my loss is due to a game glitch or terrible mechanics. Buy this for the adventure, skip the ""collect 'em all"" aspect."
,Recommended,317250,28994227,Posted: 3 January,all,A Baller/ Trade.TF,"I brought this game for 15p because i only had 21p in my wallet and wanted access to the market Turns out its an ok game. although I still cant access the market I can however enjoy this game I probaly wont play it ever again but it was a good 15p if ill be damned you can buy 3 carrier bags in the uk for 15p although I am glad I invested it into this game instead. Carrier bags are good but we just cant let the goverment win, They Say its to make us reuse them and save the enviroment however we all know this is not the case those corprate bankers just want the money. They needed it since we left the eu because of that turtle faced drunkered farrage. Despite losing the General Election He just cant sit back and let things play out that drunkered turtle farrage. Dennis Rodman would make a better leader than farrage.(yes that basket ball player with the hair and the peirsing and the being alongside that fat korean whose name I forget(kim jong un I remembered his name)Although after thinking this out dennis rodamn probablly wouldnt make a better leader than farrage maybe in basket ball but not in life choices)8/7"
,Recommended,317250,23869196,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sh4rK,Bought it in a bundle.Pretty good platformer .
76561198021960460,Recommended,317250,25721814,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Archon Toten,"Right, ""press start to begin"" is not a good way to start a pc game. I tried for the longest time.. but I have no start key, i've got esk ctarl and pigup.Game gives motion sickness within seconds. Has a option to tone that down so good work dev.Little like mario and angry birds space combined.Would be good on android"
76561198048488627,Recommended,317250,30758248,Posted: 26 March,all,Dracina Dragonfire,"This is a very fun and creative little platforming game. It can be a little disorienting at first, but you can adjust how fast the camera reacts to the shifts in gravity on the fly, which helps with the motion sickness you can get from these sorts of perspective changes. That being said if you ARE already prone to motion sickness, this is not the game for you. I normally don't have problems and I started feeling a little weird at around the 5th world (rotating 'planets' of earth start getting involved). If you are NOT prone to motion sickness however, you will have a fun time."
76561197980328361,Recommended,317250,26255768,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,bricmpt,"Good game.  Cute.  Well made.  Not normally my type of game, but I think kids with a high tolerance and good reflexes willl like it."
,Not Recommended,317250,29133872,Posted: 8 January,all,Metal_Slug,"The devs of this game were wondering why it failed. Well... I know exactly why. The mechanics initially give you the sense of a ""tight control"" system -- something that is essential for platformers. However when you actually play the levels, you realize that it's anything BUT.Example: Jumping out of the water to go on land, the height is inconsistent and hard to judge. The screen rotation speed always needs to be adjusted because on some levels if it's too slow, you again misjudge the jump height and get f*cked. Or don't see a baddie/obstacle coming your way.On other levels, if it's too fast, you need to put the controller down and take a break because your feel dizzy.It's a cool concept with potential, but the execution just misses the mark IMO. There are two types of difficulty in games - those that are artificially difficult because the controls don't let you translate your thoughts and into actions on screen the way you intended, and those that are difficult because you as a player need to step up your skills. This game is hard mostly because of the former, not latter."
,Not Recommended,317250,25835113,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"Airscape: The Fall of Gravity is a decent but unexceptional 2D platformer game. You play as an octopus in a space helmet, sucked out of your ocean and cast off into space for… no apparent reason, honestly (the game has no real plot, and the villain of the game has no clear motivation). Your goal is to navigate through the levels, freeing various sea critters and ultimately, the other octopi who were kidnapped with you, all on the way to defeat the final boss.This is one of those games which plays heavily with gravity. Gravity orients itself straight downward, including on curved slopes, meaning you can walk along a curved surface without ever having to jump or break your stride, similar to walking around a 3D planet with gravity. However, most platforming sections do only allow one orientation of landing on the platforms, so only select surfaces (marked by grass and similar things) are actually “walkable”.The game has a fairly simple set of mechanics – you can walk, you can jump, and you can, depending on your particular octopus, do one of several other things (run faster, float, teleport, slow down time, or double jump). As with many such games, the complexity comes almost entirely from the levels, wherein you must contend with twisted gravity, gravity reversals, attacks from missile turrets and moving lasers, bottomless pits, water (which always reorients your gravity according to the direction you’re facing, though you float in it so it doesn’t really matter), poisonous water you can’t spend too much time in without dying, and a very small number of invincible enemy types (no enemies in the game can be beaten). There are switches which are used to open gates and at times reverse gravity, and… that’s about it.All in all, the game is fairly simple, but it is generally well-executed. The levels are decent enough and generally quite short, making them relatively easy to beat in a short time – if you can do them right. Some of the later levels are quite hard, though, and despite the checkpoints in them can take upwards of ten minutes to 100%. The longest levels are the levels where you unlock your fellow octopi and the final level, where you confront a fairly difficult boss (though thankfully, with very generous checkpointing after each phase).The graphics look nice and are clean and attractive, and it is always clear what is going on. And if you don’t like the way the screen shifts around, you can change it to change the pace of screen rotation to avoid motion sickness and just keep it working the way you want it to.Sadly, the game never really feels exceptional. The game is consistently decent, and none of the levels are bad, but none of them are all that great, either. There was never a point in the game where I was wowed by it, and none of the levels really feel particularly organic (though they didn’t feel especially inorganic either – just sort of okay).It is worth noting that, despite the cute aesthetic, this game is not easy; while it isn’t Super Meat Boy level of hard, it is above-average difficulty for a 2D platformer, and some of the puzzles, particularly water ones, can be pretty finicky.It took me a bit under five hours to beat. If you want to 100% it, it will take more than twice as long, as the final levels are much, much harder than all the rest of the game. The very final level of the game took me nearly an hour to complete, and wasn’t really much fun – it was an exercise in frustration combined with checkpoint starvation, as you had to execute a very long sequence of tasks flawlessly, then do so again after the first checkpoint, then do so again after the second checkpoint. The endgame levels are often nightmarish in their difficulty, and are too hard to really be considered fun.On the whole, if you’ve already got this in your library and are itching for a 2D platformer, you could do worse… but honestly, you could do better, too. This is just okay, and the endgame is frustrating."
,Not Recommended,317250,23816709,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Elarith,"Awkward Camera, strange gravity at times, and poorly designed hazards. I tried to push through and finish it, but it became quite tedious, and I could push on no longer."
76561198011738620,Not Recommended,317250,33471403,Posted: 11 July,all,jurodan,"Don't let the appearance fool you, this is a very unforgiving platformer. Checkpoints are sparse, levels become increasingly difficult to the point of being simply unfair. Even worse, the gravity mechanic in one of the later areas changes so you have to readjust play styles. The game frequently reorients the entire level based on which way is 'up' so you can easily make yourself dizzy or give yourself quite a headache if you don't reduce the sensitivity (thankfully an option). I can't recommend this except to hard core platform fans."
,Recommended,317250,32022915,Posted: 28 May,all,Erik w/ a K,"Fun cheap game, like something on Coolmath"
,Recommended,317250,31874651,Posted: 20 May,all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,It's ok.
,Recommended,317250,32468862,Posted: 16 June,all,4erryJane,Очень быстро надоедает. 5 из 10 октопусов.
,Recommended,317250,28591884,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Liam,"Very enjoyable little game.  The Mario Galaxy inspiration is worn completely on it's sleeve, and that's no bad thing.  Nice music, good controls and bright graphics.Plus, it's currently 15p in the Winter sale.  You'll find more than that down your sofa cushion."
,Recommended,317250,29090990,Posted: 7 January,all,Min ツ,This game made me trippier than weeds.10/10 would get trippy again. - dippy gettin trippy
,Recommended,317250,29096900,Posted: 7 January,all,Giroliro3,"This game is pretty great. Not only is it as beautiful as Rayman Originsand Shantae Half Genie Hero, the levels are interesting and not too easy, but not too difficult like the classic megaman games. I got it on sale but it is very much worth the full price, I also bought it for a bunch of my friends."
,Recommended,317250,29282397,Posted: 15 January,all,sajjad.waheeb,good game i like it
76561198040699834,Recommended,317250,29272544,Posted: 15 January,all,rkrzyzan,Good Game !!!
,Recommended,317250,29277377,Posted: 15 January,all,ImJamil,This game is fun to play when bored!or lack of internet!i rate 8/10
,Recommended,317250,23665956,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,GuStlaineN =DD,This game is absolutely fantastic!
,Recommended,317250,28974762,Posted: 3 January,all,We should've died in 2012,Great value!
,Recommended,317250,28977810,Posted: 3 January,all,TerminalVentures,Definitely makes me dizzy but enjoying it so far.
76561198010845700,Recommended,317250,28974750,Posted: 3 January,all,definitely not Harald,Great value!
76561198047680219,Not Recommended,317250,23637035,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Alumin,"I didn't really like this game.The water sections were annoying and I found the controls to be unpleasant. It was annoying to get the little octopus creatures to move the way I wanted them to.Also, Even with all my settings set to low, I still got framerate drops and the audio got screwed up at multiple points. It's just a platforming game, you know. Regardless of how much of a crudbox my laptop may be, the performance shouldn't be this bad.If it wasn't for sale at like 90% off I definitely wouldn't have bought this."
,Not Recommended,317250,30650629,Posted: 21 March,all,DeadEye,"A big NO. I don't know what the big fuss about this game and got so many positive reviews. I find it pretty mundane, sometimes confusing, sometimes extremely easy. It makes you dizzy if you let camera angle chance fast, but also makes it kinda unplayable if you make it slow.Only cons are its sorta cute, if you are into that. And I use cute in very loose sense."
76561198058828212,Not Recommended,317250,30580297,Posted: 17 March,all,Valentine,The controls are too sloppy for the amount of precision you need to complete the levels. The screen rotation makes you dizzy if its too fast but its frustrating when its too slow. Its hard to find the happy medium.
,Recommended,317250,31063200,Posted: 10 April,all,Arimawarsa~,NICE GAME HAHAH
,Recommended,317250,34251754,Posted: 15 August,all,$nk ;;,good game
,Recommended,317250,34279215,Posted: 16 August,all,♠ Aces 4 U ♠,"I love this game. It is a fantastic platformer, with an amazing soundtrack. It is a very difficult game, however that makes it so much more rewarding to finish a level. And the best part: The octopus puns in the achievements. Great game, recommended for anyone who enjoys platformers."
,Recommended,317250,29617494,Posted: 31 January,all,Scythox,Bought for trading cards.Got a headache from spinning level.Became a seizure victim after completing said level.Saved all my fish friends.Became a wall-climbing squid in real life.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,317250,27939776,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hey!Listen!,Something to do!
,Recommended,317250,28955778,Posted: 2 January,all,I Got VAC Banned | CSGOBig.com,veri nais gejm
,Recommended,317250,29242271,Posted: 14 January,all,"Batata, a batata",It's a cheap and funny game you can play casually.
,Not Recommended,317250,31410521,Posted: 28 April,all,miezkatz,"I wanted to like Airscape: The Fall of Gravity but couldn't. The trappings are nice but the gameplay is poor, regrettably as it has potential.Cute and clean graphicscanpose a welcome opposition to hard platforming gameplay. The problem with Airscape: The Fall of Gravity is that it clearly goes overboard with its difficulty, instead of hard but engaging it's outright malevolent. The leveldesign is such that it requires no less than pixel perfect platforming while the controls and physics needed for that are not up to the task.When it comes to precise platforming, I feel it is necessary to give the player exact control in a comprehensible environment. This ensures that the player is completely responsible for his triumph as well as failure. Unfortunately, despite trying a fair bit, I was unable to replicate a control pattern, the game is too floaty and elusive. It's such a darling game otherwise if only navigation was just a little bit more tangible.I would recommend Airscape: The Fall of Gravity only to the hardcorest platform lovers. The level of masochism required to complete this game is simply too high, even in comparison to other difficult indie titles like VVVVVV.(Completed 16 levels of 60+, progressed up to zone 9 of 18)"
,Not Recommended,317250,30526133,Posted: 15 March,all,yami,"Controls are beyond floaty, camera is way too zoomed in and the rotation is a great way to induce motion sickness at any setting."
76561198113014119,Not Recommended,317250,33226471,Posted: 4 July,all,Shadow Ops,Airscape The Fall Of Gravitycons:poor controls cause too much dying.poor map designs cause destabilization of controls which result in too much dying.anti-progression game. everytime you die you backtrack.sucks.
76561198055686524,Not Recommended,317250,32331604,Posted: 10 June,all,bassman9000,"Sadistic. Repetitive in deaths. Great, if you're looking for training for a gamepad competition, or you just want to get rid of it in ragequit."
,Recommended,317250,25774816,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mars,"Bought it for 20 cents. Easy trading cards and achievements. I'm not a big fan of platformer games, so its an ehh on the gameplay."
,Recommended,317250,25845105,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Westside Fezzy Glock,"Holy crap. This game has so much content for $0.19. It's challenging, fun, and very cheap. Get it!"
,Recommended,317250,29003109,Posted: 4 January,all,Pelle <3,Awesome Scenes
76561198023127585,Not Recommended,317250,30413220,Posted: 9 March,all,Cutiesaurs,don't play this the controls are slippery with lots of cheap deaths.
76561198060720879,Not Recommended,317250,24216944,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Shogun Gundam_04,Motion sickness the game.If you are sensitive to spinning screens and get dizzy easily STAY AWAY.Interesting gravity conecpt but thats the game's only gimmick and in game its overused as hell. Other reviews say it better than I.Got it on sale as part of one of the bundles.
76561198316267452,Not Recommended,317250,24531560,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KingDORAEMON,"A beautiful game with an interesting (albeit dizziness-inducing) concept and nice music. Not worth buying at full price, IMO.The game's main problem is its high difficulty, which cannot be adjusted. I already prefer to play many (mainstream) games on hard mode, but in Airscape I sometimes have to attempt the same little part of the game dozens of times before I get through. Reaching the Blue Octopus at the end of Zone 5 was nearly impossible (I surely died over 100 times) and now I'm stuck on the next level afterward. Casual gamers, stay well away! As for me, I'm getting frustrated and am inclined to quit.Nits: In my opinion, the camera is often zoomed in too far (not just in gameplay but also on the ""world map""). There should be a key or option to zoom out. Regarding the controls, my instinct is to use ""Up"" to swim up but ""Space"" to jump, and I'm not allowed to have it both ways. Also, it is strange that I can use W-A-S-D to move around on the world map but only the arrow keys work inside a level. Occasionally one encounters bugs (e.g. getting stuck in an object). Finally, occasionally I mistake background objects for foreground objects and vice versa."
,Not Recommended,317250,25716864,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MagicDoorHinge,"Interesting concept, but unintuitive physics. Unlike in super mario galaxy, gravity seems to point in random directions, regarless of mass or size of the object."
,Recommended,317250,17536702,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ArcadEd,"This game is simply amazing.  Controls are spot on, graphics are superb and to top it all off it has that old school feel.  It's difficult, but not enough to be frustrating, enough to make you want to keep trying.  Great work."
,Not Recommended,317250,28667132,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Damien Darkside,"I only recomend this game if you find ""precise movement"" games like Super Meat Boy.Super cute in the beginning, super hard once you get into it.I have patience, I don't have that much patience."
,Recommended,317250,17494144,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hepnerd,Awesome game! It's challenging and yet also fun!
,Recommended,317250,23926859,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kengo -3000$ CSGO500,"Toohardbut veryinterestinggame.6/10, make lvls easily please :DTy."
,Not Recommended,317250,26410702,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MatthewIsMatthew,"eh. Its not really my cup of tea. The levels arent really that hard if you just take it slowly and the frame rate is slow (though thats most likely my computer). It has some great art and good music, but the gameplay is just not for me."
,Recommended,317250,29258968,Posted: 14 January,all,Crauwen,ok
,Recommended,317250,23389139,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,connorcaughlin1,I died 100 times in 26 minutes.>Can you pay attention simulator>Get killed by an incoming missile because you were trying to avoid a mine>Make the same mistakes over and over again simulator:((
76561198356681051,Recommended,317250,32021000,Posted: 28 May,all,Alive,very good
76561197995328460,Not Recommended,317250,30996165,Posted: 7 April,all,ruckyboy,"Nice ideas and cute graphics  style, unfortunately spinny world makes me feel sick and the controls are just never going to work properly with this style of gameplay.A good effort, but no fun after the first few minutes."
,Recommended,317250,26586066,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Петров,"Игра нормальная,хороший сюжет :DDD,отличная физика гравитации,поиграть от скуки можно,да и вообще можно реально зависнуть. Для такой игры я ставлю 10/10"
,Not Recommended,317250,29116736,Posted: 8 January,all,Ziro2k,"Do not buy. This game is broken and incredibly frustrating because of it.Seems like it was going for some kind of interesting mix between Mario Galaxy and Super Meat Boy. Unfortunately, it utterly fails due to a god awful buggy control scheme and camera. The screen rotation mechanic is horrible. You can set it to quickly rotate with your character at the cost of experiencing constant nausea and being unable to track it with your eyes, or you can set it to rotate slower so that you will find it difficult if not impossible to control your character, and while swimming it's completely disorienting. Half the time I have no idea which direction I'll go when I jump, move or swim, and in a game like this which challenges you to be extremely precise and subtle with your platforming, it's a huge problem.This was somewhat bearable until I progressed to the poison water world with the teleporting octo, where you can only stay in the water for a few seconds. The complete and utter frustration I have experienced from this should be a warning to potential buyers. You will teleport in seemingly almost any random driection other than the one you intended, teleport into solid objects, teleport backwards for no reason, and you will die. Over, and over, and over again. Sums up pretty much the experience of the whole game.If you enjoy a challenging game with near constant deaths and frustration due to a disorienting camera and poorly implemented controls, then this is the game for you. If you want to waste a few hours on it anyway, buy it when it's cheap."
,Recommended,317250,27017789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nullins,This game is so cute! The music sounds like a mix of Aladdin and World of Warcraft.
,Recommended,317250,33183646,Posted: 3 July,all,Burning FoXx*,braingasm
76561198067860552,Recommended,317250,32896620,Posted: 27 June,all,Zer0squared Blomgrun Reborn,FIRST OF ALL I ONLY GOT DIS GAYME CUZ IT WAS 20 CENTS AND U KNOW IM A CHEAP MOFO AND IT WAS 80% I WOULD HAVE TO BE CRAZY NOT T BUY IT LIKE WTF WHAT WAS WRONG WITH ME DAMN IT WAS A SWEET♥♥♥♥♥DEAL THNX GABE. on a more serious note i played very little cuz the game frustates me but tbh its fun its like 2d mario galaxy with squids kind of a crossover with splatoon or some♥♥♥♥♥♥nicu
,Not Recommended,317250,32300828,Posted: 9 June,all,izZzi,"It's a very basic game, although the screen movement isn't for everyone so if you have problems with that i wouldn't recommend u buying this"
,Recommended,317250,29284723,Posted: 15 January,all,Lunat!c,Hilarious
,Recommended,317250,25726784,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MostPatientMotherfucker,Buy it
76561198323111133,Recommended,317250,29068823,Posted: 6 January,all,KangDjarot,ggwp
76561198068316915,Recommended,317250,23520051,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Soosmeister Cocklaal,16 minutes until headaches5/7
76561198317313725,Recommended,317250,29595021,Posted: 30 January,all,SAVEMEBROTHER,"DONT BUY THIS GSME FULL PRICEIt's always on sale.Other that that its a pretty good game, pretty good graphics, an intresting storyline and decent gameplay"
76561198224076688,Recommended,317250,29796784,Posted: 8 February,all,Cereal |  trading,I got this game for card purposes.
,Recommended,317250,30216770,Posted: 27 February,all,My Summer Spider,meh
,Recommended,317250,34120971,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/FrogeTV,Why did I buy this
,Not Recommended,317250,29838643,Posted: 10 February,all,rhywun,"Annoyingly difficult, nauseating camera movement, and just not fun. As others have mentioned, you can't see where anything is so why bother?"
76561198025825159,Not Recommended,317250,29851991,Posted: 11 February,all,steven.sheldrake,"Yet another game that gets so annoying that you just turn it off in disgust, I wouldn't recommend it. Some game are difficult and some are just plain annoying - this is the latter."
,Recommended,317250,25826992,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,thelizzerd,For 19 cents its a good game. Selling to steam trading cards is gonna make me more than 19 cents so it's a pretty chill deal.
,Recommended,317250,29231335,Posted: 13 January,all,fletcher_renn,"Honestly? If I had payed $20 for this game, I would be miles away from disappointed. This game is wonderful, all the way from it's charm to its soundtrack."
76561198106575757,Recommended,317250,29672799,Posted: 3 February,all,smrtnik,For this price. It's great!
,Recommended,317250,25783049,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nerubian_N7 csgogem.com,Good Game 11/10
,Recommended,317250,29050039,Posted: 5 January,all,Panda,its ok i beat it in like 2 hours
76561198001241536,Recommended,317250,28968534,Posted: 2 January,all,Rom,"Cheap, challenging and pretty. I recommend it."
76561198177300899,Recommended,317250,29022418,Posted: 4 January,all,Cromodabola_PT,The game is pretty cool but in a few minutes u can feel a little dizzy.
,Recommended,317250,29026115,Posted: 4 January,all,kajiga!,"Fun game but it makes me completely sick after playing for awhile. Fun characters, great audio, and challenging gameplay. Would recommend if you don't get easily motion sick."
76561198080810063,Not Recommended,317250,29251789,Posted: 14 January,all,ODDity,"PSA for Linux users, beware - Controller issues reported as far back in Sept 2015 have not been addressed. Xbox Wired and Wireless and XBOX One controllers appear in some cases to have incorrect mapping making ""run"" all but impossible to use as it recognises ""start"" as the right trigger and whatever you do in the rebinding menu this seems impossible to fix as it doesn't recognise the triggers at all anyway.. rebinding to another button does not work.The developer moaned on social media that making a good game does not equal sales because of poor figures, well, supporting customers with issues would make a good developer, wouldn't it, perhaps garnering support for future efforts.If you're happy playing with keyboard, it looks like you'll probably be fine."
,Not Recommended,317250,29208758,Posted: 12 January,all,Happy Meal,"Didn't like Airscape at all. Although I bought the game on sale and it was dirt cheap, the game is pretty generic and not very interesting. The game reminded me so much of the typical games you would find on sites like addicting games and that's pretty much what it is, a cute flash game. I typically buy games like these because I don't have the best computer in the world, it's fairly decent but it could not run at full fps even in the lowest quality setting. Overall this game seems like something I would really enjoy as a child but not as old as I am 2/10"
76561198042413311,Not Recommended,317250,28967330,Posted: 2 January,all,Algous,"There is a good game here I can feel it, but the learning curve is really bad.  The first 2 zones were really fun and taught me the basics.  Then I sudenly felt like I was playing a bullet hell game except I didn't get a weapon or any defenses.  Most of my deaths didn't feel like they were my fault; it felt like I was sliding all over the place.And the gameplay video makes the movement seem very fluid, and it very fluid unless you get nausea easily.  I suggest you go get a copy of super mario galaxy instead."
,Recommended,317250,28972982,Posted: 3 January,all,killakiwi666,Heaps of fun what a great lil game for 23cents too
,Recommended,317250,28973970,Posted: 3 January,all,Überblitz | gamekit.com,Very good game! I enjoy every second of it and it has a very good story line!
,Recommended,317250,30626145,Posted: 19 March,all,Jacktagon 山尺ㄚ,"Quite a lengthly and entertaining game. Compared to the other cheap games that go on sale, this doesn't feel like a flash games as much as compared to the others. Normally $2, but I got it for 25 cents; probably the best value I'll get on Steam. Just buy this game, you're not spending a lot in the first place and you WILL enjoy it. If you wanan be a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wait for it to go on sale. IF THE GAME IS ON SALE RIGHT NOW, GET IT!"
,Recommended,317250,30781527,Posted: 27 March,all,deathless DotaX2.com,Good game
,Recommended,317250,30761424,Posted: 26 March,all,IDon'tNeedAName,Nice Game
76561198013395249,Recommended,317250,30176591,Posted: 25 February,all,masterfocus [GameTame.com],"Airscape is a platform game about a couple of alien octopus which are kidnapped from their home town and need to fight for survival.GraphicsThe graphics are really good for an indie game. The multiple colors blend nicely, creating a nice view for your eyes. The quality is not the best, but this is not a bad thing, because the game is nice for its simplicity.GameplayThe gameplay is really easy to learn, like the overall of platform games: you move,  jump and, dash and you can also float a little when you jump if you keep the jump button pressed. The levels start easy and start to get really tough when you progress through the game. Your octopus is reallty fragile, because only one enemy hit will kill him, so you will die A LOT here. Fortunatelly, you have infinite lives and you start at the last checkpoint you used.The interface has a map which you can roam freely at it, without needing to go through a fixed path, until you go to the level of your choice. At each level, you collect until 3 items which are used to unlock some special areas where you can unlock new octopus to play with. They are different colors and I have unlocked the blue one so far. Probably they are a little different to use, but I'm not sure, because I unlocked only one.The difference of this game to other platforms is the gravity theme: a little like Mario Galaxy, you'll get to some places where you'll upside down, pushed by the gravity of some places and this sometimes can be kind of annoying. Fortunatelly, it's a minor issue and it doesn't affect the gameplay.Audio & SoundtrackThe soundtrack is simple, yet beautiful, without being annoying. It's composed of relaxing tones so you feel at ease.StorylineAs a plartform game, the story usually is really simple, because there's no need to understand it in order to play. You are controling alien octopus kidnapped by an unknow force and need to survive throuygh the levels. That's all you know so far.The veredictIt's a nice and relaxing platform game, with easy controls, but with levels getting harder when you progress through the game. I really enjoyed and would recommend for any platform game fans. Grab this game while at a sale if you are uncertain about it, you won't regret.Rating:Graphics: 8/10Audio: 8/10Gameplay: 8,5/10Overall: 8/10"
76561198059325272,Recommended,317250,32898882,Posted: 27 June,all,LrNja,Good to pass time
76561198123942146,Recommended,317250,29339559,Posted: 18 January,all,King Louie,This is for skill players.Nice SoundTrackClean and smooth gameNot buggyFunNice!
,Recommended,317250,29318370,Posted: 17 January,all,Genjai,"Wow! Tight-spin for maximum dizzy! Awesome platformer with great music. Charming, colorful, and makes me smile!"
76561198183054534,Recommended,317250,29341322,Posted: 18 January,all,J-DoG,good game hope you enjoy
,Recommended,317250,29307752,Posted: 16 January,all,EatMoreCheese,So far so good. Part Rayman Origins and little Mario Galaxy with a dash of Sonic.
,Recommended,317250,29326244,Posted: 17 January,all,Stealth Eagle™,Pretty fun for Time waste
,Recommended,317250,29061413,Posted: 6 January,all,Risorg,A 19 cent game!How wonderful! it has a squid and it seems SO RELAXINGi will play it when im anxious or just want to calm down-Insane asylum patient9/11 would play Dark Souls again
,Recommended,317250,30229394,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
,Recommended,317250,25810120,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AmazingSully,Paid 19 cents for this game.  Sold steam trading cards for 19 cents.  Yes I'll take a free game that's mildly fun.
,Recommended,317250,29729063,Posted: 5 February,all,Inov,"It's cute, interesting, fun, has a somewhat unique artstyle, and can be a bit challenging. It can be a bit buggy, though. but it's cute."
76561198357482285,Recommended,317250,29729978,Posted: 5 February,all,sarusiva,great game but a chore to play
,Recommended,317250,29251059,Posted: 14 January,all,endrylthalan,A really good game I acquired for only 0.19€ ! Thanks for the linux version !!
,Recommended,317250,25762045,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jannius,"Pretty fun game to play during lectures, recommend buying it during sale"
,Recommended,317250,29748379,Posted: 6 February,all,🐙 RedUnderwear3 🐙,this game is almost liek as screensaver lol
,Recommended,317250,29126025,Posted: 8 January,all,intel,surprisingly entertaining
,Recommended,317250,29639578,Posted: 1 February,all,FLAKKA,Good game to pass time.
,Recommended,317250,32380447,Posted: 12 June,all,♡Millia♡,Is an indie game but still ♥♥♥♥ing cute and no bugs.
,Recommended,317250,32471205,Posted: 16 June,all,ItzFoxYYT <3 | INACTIVE.,A bit of challenging.I kinda .... LIKE IT.
,Recommended,317250,29065764,Posted: 6 January,all,Brocodile,"It was 19 cents! great deal, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,317250,32418073,Posted: 14 June,all,Darkseid,Que joguinho mais bosta!
76561198091432317,Recommended,317250,25767787,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GeeRonimoe,"Great game, controls are tripy as hell, basically ""Motion Sickness Simulator"""
,Recommended,317250,30123901,Posted: 23 February,all,PHiLip tHe pZych0,fun game :-)
,Recommended,317250,25725006,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Krzyhau,"""lel"" 10/10"
76561198047238428,Recommended,317250,25727524,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,darkangel,19ct.You kidding me.Buy it now.
76561198327421274,Recommended,317250,34360816,Posted: 19 August,all,Hal0toxicflamez,Fun and entertaining and lol
76561198202181860,Recommended,317250,32655363,Posted: 22 June,all,TheEpicest272,"Awesome, but one tiny thing that many reviews got wrong:It's octopuses, not octopi. Don't believe me? Look it up."
,Recommended,317250,32662996,Posted: 22 June,all,Atreides,galaxy is ooours
76561198148229634,Recommended,317250,29211025,Posted: 12 January,all,Corbyn,Adorable and frustrating
,Recommended,317250,25846189,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Not Recommended,317250,31204905,Posted: 17 April,all,☆Dr∆cktic☆,It's more or less a game for smaller children xD.  I don't really like it because the controls feel kinda weird and it isn't comfortable to play. I couldn't play for more than 10min. (the rest of the playtime is Idlemaster) At least it's made with a cute design!  :P
76561198068178255,Not Recommended,317250,25781639,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MeriTz,"enemies off screen, laggy controls, unpolished polygons (i got stuck on nothing so many times i lost count), annoying and repetitive mechanics, lazy level design, overused art style and worst of all just plain boring; the moments it got challenging was beacuse of bad level design and/or unfair enemy placement (either offscreen and/or always with a cycles that made sure you died asap off spawn)... I now know why this game has such low price.TL DR; The developers made a bunch of simple levels and tried to milk play time in the worst ways possible"
,Recommended,317250,25805602,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NayForest,"Way to go for platfrotmers, Nice graphics and well used mechanics, perfect game."
,Recommended,317250,28978288,Posted: 3 January,all,РУБЭН ОБЖОРЯН,Очень милые осминожки
,Not Recommended,317250,29785209,Posted: 8 February,all,smothP,"It's fun for a while, and the idea has potential.But it just doesn't work right, a lot of colision bugs, and the controls are your worst enemy!And ♥♥♥♥ those water bubles!!!"
,Recommended,317250,34069398,Posted: 6 August,all,wowie,"bad soundtrack, trash gameplay, bad physics, bad storyEVERYTHING IS BADoverall its a good game"
,Not Recommended,317250,25366090,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,chum dumpster,"Look, even if i was the type of dumbass who loves getting mad at frustrating platformers and is willing to excuse the game having ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls because of that, how could I possibly give a recommendation to a game that literally makes you nauseous when you play it for more than ten minutes?"
76561198071760031,Recommended,317250,29022600,Posted: 4 January,all,AmericanJohnny,"wow... great gameplay, great gaming period....i was always a big fan of yoshi's island... it was the first game i ever played when the world started to spin... ive never seen anything like it, and then marios world copied yoshi's island... and now this game, you know what would of made this even better? if it was like metriod and you got cool weapons in hidden places...ive gotten the 2nd charater so far... thats kind of cool. yess.. yess... i really like this game, and even if it wasnt on sale i would think its worth a few bucks. i got it at $0.49 cents though....and im telling you, this is a FUN GAME and you wont be disappointed... dont think about it. just get it, and you can tell me here of how happy you are with itif you liked this game, buy BEEP as well, its on steam"
,Not Recommended,317250,26459699,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gedelgo,The camera rotation mechanic is stomach turning and the controls are garbage with it turned down.Also 3rd party gamepad support is bugged and non-functional even with custom keyboard mapping.So bad that I refunded the $0.21.
76561198027217314,Not Recommended,317250,31894813,Posted: 21 May,all,ThunderFist69,"This game is clunky, frustrating and anti-fun. lots of random, unfair or unfun ways to die. do not buy."
76561198262165066,Not Recommended,317250,34790818,Posted: 7 September,all,Meatbunattack,"Good plattformer.Extremely frustrating because the controls are a bit hard with the shift between water controls and land controls.Music is good and set the mood for the different stages well.Overall, a good game for a cheap price. But I, myself got too frustrated with the controls to play it from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,317250,30929538,Posted: 3 April,all,SkyAero,"Cute game, but the game mechanisch don't match the player's controls"
76561198079618918,Not Recommended,317250,30150135,Posted: 24 February,all,S_M_A_S_H_Y #,"Makes me feel motion sickness, you get what you pay for and if 15p is this i'll just save it."
76561198289103905,Not Recommended,317250,29420755,Posted: 22 January,all,Zorux,"This is one of the worse games I ever played!The controllers settings are inexistent, the game music is so loud, the character not allways respond, not well optimize (some times I get 24 fps instead of 165)... this game is not even finish!"
76561198146902762,Recommended,317250,30845514,Posted: 30 March,all,Danyl,Good Game
,Recommended,317250,25745808,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ManiaC,ok.
,Not Recommended,317250,29704771,Posted: 4 February,all,R080T1C PEA MASTER,10/10 would get headache again
76561198079272166,Recommended,317250,29725107,Posted: 5 February,all,karlitowankenoby,Hardest game ever
,Not Recommended,317250,29240207,Posted: 13 January,all,wroter,Do you like keyboard snapping frustration? This is the game for you.
76561198088993796,Recommended,317250,28970497,Posted: 3 January,all,"_/( I _ I"")/_ (маслёнок)",123
76561198353217715,Recommended,317250,30056368,Posted: 20 February,all,DistortedSpectrum,great game
,Recommended,317250,30029802,Posted: 19 February,all,🌸𝕽𝖔𝖞𝖆𝖑🌸,"Its fun, and definately worth your money."
76561198060763780,Not Recommended,317250,30336446,Posted: 5 March,all,belaviaair,"Shouldnt be on steam,♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Not Recommended,317250,29342754,Posted: 18 January,all,skarphaze,"This game was so bad that I actually asked for a refund. Considering I had paid it 19 cents, that's saying something. I honestly have no idea why it has received such great reviews."
,Recommended,317250,25743881,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,xSpeedii,Little interesting game. I have buy it for 0.19cents and got my money back with trading cards.
,Recommended,317250,28903996,Posted: 1 January,all,デッド,"Great 5 minute game, free too"
,Not Recommended,317250,34743535,Posted: 4 September,all,Toastmaster,"airscape:Great music, great animations, overall simple gameplay, a good amount of content, good physics, very charming, and nice variety.So why do I not recommend this?Ultimately, it comes down to the game being tediously difficult at times:1. My greatest issue with the game is *why* it is difficult.  In other fast-paced platformer games like Sonic, Mario, Super Meat Boy, or Element4l, your success is solely based on your skill and ability to keep up your momentum.  Everything is positioned in a way where if you time yourself correctly, you'll get through very smoothly.  This game is not like that.  Assuming there is a fast and fluid way to beat each level, if you were off by just a little bit when hitting a checkpoint, the enemies won't be in their correct positions anymore (if you respawn).  But the real underlying issue is there are WAY too many situations where the obstacles are out-of-sync.  For example, there are times where you have to wait for lasers to turn off in order to pass, but there could be a moving platform where if you don't get on it on time, you miss your shot.  So you sit there waiting not knowing when you're SUPPOSED to go, because the exact moment won't come up again until an unknown amount of time.  Considering how un-forgiving this game is of the slightest mistakes, this just  needlessly wastes of time and ultimately comes down to poor level design.2. Gravity is VERY inconsistent.  Some chunks of land (regardless of their size) will pull you toward them, while others won't.3. The way you move in water is very different from on land.  Normally this doesn't bother me, except in this game you're under pressure to make very precise moves very quickly, all while the camera angle might change as you switch between in and out of water.  Also, the blue octopus teleports forward in water, but outside of water it teleports left or right.  In levels with toxic water where you need to splash on the surface to stay alive, this gets extremely annoying.4. Some may find the camera dizzying, but to me the real problem with is sometimes it zooms in too close, and I can't tell where I'm going.  I often died because I didn't know where I was supposed to go.5. Though the fan physics are fine, they are (in my opinion) the hardest mechanic to master. The game doesn't give you many opportunities to train yourself.6. Sometimes, you rotate too slowly in water.  There are moments where you have to outrun a fast-moving target and outrun a timed laser all while you're swimming in toxic water.  Meanwhile, the path you have to take is ~120 degrees off from your facing direction.  It's annoyingly hard to get your timing done just right when the octopus rotates so slowly.7. The game adds obstacles as an artificial way of increasing the difficulty.  Sometimes I'm presented with an already modest challenge, but the devs decide to throw in something like mines for the hell of it.  The additional mines don't further test your skill, they're just simply tedious.  Reminds me of Contra or Battletoads.  A good platformer relies on your precision and ability to time yourself, a bad one will just overwhelm your senses.I feel most of my gripes could easily be fixed with just 4 simple tweaks:A. For any time-sensitive obstacles, make sure everything is synchronized, so you don't have to guess when is the right time to go, you'll just know.  At that point it is up to the player to have the skill to make it.  In most cases, the obstacles don't have to change at all, they just move or toggle at a different pace.  This addresses problem 1.B. You play as octopuses - animals that have suction cups and are known to walk on walls.  There's no need to have micro-gravity effects - just have the octopus able to walk on [some] walls.  In most parts of the game, this wouldn't have any effect on the level design. This would resolve problem 2.C. Have the camera always oriented with gravity, which in turns makes the swimming direction absolute rather than relative.  This would solve problems 3, 4, and 6, and could make problem 2 a little less extreme.  This too would have little to no effect on level design.D. To address problem 7, have an ""easy"" and ""normal"" mode, where easy removes some of the excess traps, and maybe gives you a half-second extra for things like toxic water or the laser-mounted rifles."
76561198103365403,Recommended,317250,29173306,Posted: 10 January,all,Captain Jack,Extremely hard game
76561198014647522,Recommended,317250,29614382,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,I think its good but not for me4/10
,Recommended,317250,24524544,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MILKO (OFISHEL),"Squids,Guns And Platforms!Basically You Should Buy This Game!Don't Think about it!If You Like Platformers Just Do It!Pros :-Everything In The GameCons:-There Are No Cons"
,Recommended,317250,24262039,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
76561198037573280,Recommended,317250,22575499,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Vanko 2.0,good game but kinda hard sometimes maybe cuz im using a controler xd
76561198098646568,Not Recommended,317250,24604535,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,{MGoCG}Pandafunkey809,controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ 6 min in and even at the lowest settings it was running 21 frames per second at the most in addition to the controls not working properly.
76561198154481762,Not Recommended,317250,26237445,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mogman,WARNING: Only buy if on sale for 19 cents
76561198302847824,Not Recommended,317250,33253785,Posted: 4 July,all,kinderegg,ｄｉｓｏｒｉｅｎｔａｔｅｄ
,Not Recommended,317250,30819795,Posted: 29 March,all,Jake,"Good game if you get it for $0.20. The controls are too inaccurate and the physics system is irregular. There is a ""bug"" or undesired behavior when you change the gravitational plane. I would recommend it if you like casual games.UPDATE:The more I play the less I like it... the game is so unfair. It is unfair because you have to have perfect timing and with the current state of the controls is quite hard."
76561198083584215,Not Recommended,317250,31554849,Posted: 5 May,all,humpsterino whalerino blullow,great game
,Recommended,317250,28992666,Posted: 3 January,all,Squidward Testicles,is it just me or does it on every game say no user reviews???????? HALP
76561198357233726,Recommended,317250,32021380,Posted: 28 May,all,Alice,very had
,Recommended,317250,29713715,Posted: 5 February,all,Gone for a YEAR!,Loved it ;)
,Not Recommended,317250,33449552,Posted: 11 July,all,North Knight,IF YOU START JUST STOP AND GET SOME HELP!!!
,Not Recommended,317250,34412879,Posted: 22 August,all,iSO-Retro,honestly some people might find this game fun i personally dont i recommed saving your money and buying a better game
76561198215751880,Recommended,317250,28972891,Posted: 3 January,all,borisagent007,Very good gamed
,Not Recommended,317250,29791569,Posted: 8 February,all,Britannicus,4/10.
,Not Recommended,317250,24131617,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mr Squeeze,"the gravicty mechnic is nice, but not much more. it's only jump & run and no other fun mechanic. i think there are much better jump & runs out there."
76561198204122676,Recommended,317250,28957776,Posted: 2 January,all,Reeves,I think the developer of this game was with very high drug levels and maybe very very drunk10/10 I will get cancer again
,Not Recommended,317250,30199981,Posted: 26 February,all,Harry Houdini,wtf is this game?
,Recommended,317250,29021202,Posted: 4 January,all,WowWowX4,"... .,-“:::::::/:::::|:::::|:::::::|:|::::::::::::::::::\\:::::::::::::|:|:::::\:::\::\... ... /::::::::::|::::::|:::::|\::::::\:\::::::::::::::::::||::::::::::::|:/::::::|::::|::\... .../::::::::::::\:::::::\::::'\”-,::::\:\,:::::::::::::::|:|::::::::::,//::::::/::::|:::'|... ../::::::::::::::'\::::::\,:::”,”,::\,”,,:::::::::/: |::::::,“//::::::/:::::/::,,-'... ./:::::::::::::::::”,,,::\|”~,,\,:”~-\”: :”,::::/: :/:::,“: :/::,“/:::,“:::/... /::::::::::::::::::/,__”,\: : ,,-~”,”',,: : :\:/: :/:,“,-~,”,”:/:,,“:,//'... |:::::::::::::::::/:o:::o: :,,“/. ,“:\.|: : : : “: '”:/./,,”\.'|”/::::::|“...|::::::/:::::::::/::/|:::|.\: : \.|'|¯;|..|.|: : : : : : :|.||;;;|././:|:::|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::'-':::'-,': : '\'\'~'_/,/: : : : : : ,: :'-'-¯-'~': |:::|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::::|:::::'|: : : “' ¯: : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : : /::::'\::|...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : : :/::::::|::|... \:|:::|::::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : : : : :__,: : : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|::::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : : :'--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\:::::::|:/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/,|:::::::|: : : : ¯”~,,,,~”:::,,'\::::::::\-,,_::|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”¯..__\::::::::\... .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |¯”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|... /..,“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~',:\::::::|\,..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”,\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : : : : : : : ~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/ : : : : : : : : : : :“, : : : : : : : : : : :”',... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : : : : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: | : : : : : : : : : : : : : :| : : : : : : : : : : : : '\... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : : : : : (◐): : : : : : | : : : : : : (◐) : : : :|... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : :,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :/... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : ,/\ : : : : : : : : : : : :./... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : :/: : \: : : : : : : : : :-“... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~-----~”¯: : : : ¯”'~------~”¯”~~,'... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : \... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '\... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : '|... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : : : : : | : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : : : : : :|: :: : |... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : , : : : : : : : : |: : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : |: : : |... ... ... ... ... ..,“: : : : : : : :“,: : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : :| : : :: |... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : :: /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: :"
,Not Recommended,317250,29196289,Posted: 11 January,all,iSpooky,Again another pretty trash game that everyone just buys to have more games in their libraries :/
76561198132562121,Not Recommended,317250,32838401,Posted: 26 June,all,Lizzie Ramona,Dizzy.
76561198325713461,Not Recommended,317250,29514594,Posted: 26 January,all,darktemplar2323,"stupid game, low quality. i got it for 30 cents and its still now worth my money. borderline awful game. this games levels are all the same. there are no new concepts after level 5 and awful graphics/plain art style. the GUI for keyboards is impossible to play with and its not fun or rewarding to beat a level. It includes close to no story, and like i said the gameplay does not make up for it. in the end this games main reason for being so bad is the fact that the levelsare so repetitive and boring."
,Recommended,317250,30769551,Posted: 27 March,all,MissCocoPops ♥.,Good game.
76561197990562257,Not Recommended,317250,31250418,Posted: 19 April,all,BW,Wasn't my type of game.
76561198116855937,Not Recommended,317250,34495954,Posted: 25 August,all,uabadmo,Couldn't get into it.
,Recommended,317250,31310173,Posted: 22 April,all,Rens Agatha,My head confuce with this XDAboutRateArt/graphicNot BadGameplayNot badMusicNot badPlaytimeNot badStoryNot badRecommended?Yescan Low Spec User play this game?YesHow many Game BugNo found any bugDLC worth?No DLCReview Version 1.0
,Not Recommended,317250,24265921,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,psenough,"rotation gave me motion sickness, unplayable."
,Recommended,317250,29225003,Posted: 13 January,all,wн|тe lιgнт3r,"Don't be fool by this game cute graphic. Just like Color Switch, this game will make you swear a lot!"
76561198041811469,Not Recommended,317250,28888974,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CelomarD,"great graphics and soundtrack, but If you enjoy to die countless times, this game is perfect for you.the achievement ""die 2500 times"" is very easy to get"
76561198057467068,Not Recommended,317250,33737589,Posted: 22 July,all,MeatSteaks,"I feel back for giving this game a negative review.I got it for 50cents and I certainly got my great entertainment value out of it.The gameplay is exactly what you would expact.The game is very well polished... although I did experience one bug: the game would get sluggish after about 100 respawns, but rebooting the game would fix that easily enough.There are also plenty of content/levels.The reason I give it a thumbs down is simply because the game is so frustrating that I didn't enjoy it. Its a bit of a shame because I knew it was going to be super difficult before I bought it, but I guess I had to find out the hard way that I just dont want to spend my precious spare time on this type of game.Sorry Airscape, you gave me exactly what was written on the packet but I'm still going to walk away from it with a bad taste in my mouth. Sadly I wouldn't recomend it to anyone I know."
,Not Recommended,317250,33173624,Posted: 3 July,all,Uki CSGOGEM.COM,stupid game for me
,Recommended,317250,31564377,Posted: 5 May,all,,───────────────────██──────────────────█─██──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█▓──────────────────█───▓█──────────────────█───░█──────────────────█───░█──────────────────█░░░─█───────────▓███──██▓▓███───────────██──▓██▓────██───────────█▓────█▓─────▓█───────────█▓─────█──────░███████─────█▓─────█────────█████████▓███░──────█──█▓────██░░░░░░█───────────█░███────█▓▓██████─────────────█▓██────█████████░────────────────────▓█▓██████░────────────────────░█▓██████░────────────────────▓█▓██████░────────────────────█▓▓██████░────────────────────█▓██████░───────────────────██▓███░██░──────────────────█▓███──██████████████████████████
,Recommended,317250,31235481,Posted: 19 April,all,j e d e y,hello
76561198088025010,Not Recommended,317250,28482957,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,Not too bad. It's not worth spending money on.
76561198335509509,Not Recommended,317250,28794063,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,janis2017,Who said it has tauchsren suport nothing works.Game works slow on z3735g cpuMybe microsft and codemasters only know how optimize gamesOnly ps4 controller worksAtleast it was not expensive
,Not Recommended,317250,25807352,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,LGBTQ Gamer,"im glad I only bought this game (for 10 cents) to profit off of the trading cards, because this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks"
76561198092185746,Recommended,317250,26279575,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sobored13440,"I loved this game, it's a shame it didn't get more attention upon release. Yes it is a ""generic"" platformer but the art style is lovely and controls are on point. Challenging and fun."
,Recommended,317250,25773793,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SundownKid,"Seems like a pretty decent game, at least when you turn off screen rotation (which gives terrible motion sickness). Unfortunately, I can see why it wouldn't sell a lot. The difficulty caters to the Super Meat Boy demographic, and maybe hardcore platformers don't have that much of an audience outside games like SMB. They certainly aren't my thing, I wouldn't have gotten it at full price. Also, the story is virtually non existent which doesn't help the game differentiate itself from the pack."
,Recommended,317250,25773928,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KngBlkNinja,"This is a lot of fun. It has a super mario galaxy feel, like it says, but its just a fun version. Same way I enjoy galaxy, I really enjoy the small amount of time I had with this. I cant wait to play more"
,Recommended,317250,25764192,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sam Hyde,"Controls are nice and tight. The octopus sounds really squishy and feels good to control and bounce around. The music dims out when under water. A lot of simple things like this make it more enjoyable. Things like this may seem too basic or small to note, but without them it would be more dull and wouldn't have any personality or unique feel.A simple, but well made platformer that appropriately amps up the difficulty and different environments and mechanics.If it's on sale for very cheap there is no reason not to get it and do a few levels or complete it."
76561198040466770,Recommended,317250,25725170,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"I love games with interesting and lean level design and this game freaking hexcells in it.  For example on the secret level in zone 5 the level consists of 4 moving blocks and a small patch of water.  Too simple you say?  take a seat lad before you hurt yourself.  You have to platform under the blocks without getting crushed, then swim up the water missing some lazers and platform on the same blocks without getting crushed from above.  SUCH ECONOMY!!! MUCH WOW!!!!  On another level there is a water feature that spins in an erratic nature.  On first go you are able to get only two of the 3 little buddies because one is abducted much too quick for the time it takes to navigate the water.  After close exanimation of the level (WHICH YOU CAN F*&^% DO FROM THE LEVEL SELECT SCREEN!!! AWESOME FEATURE YO!!!!) you notice that the level is designed that from the start of the level if you get enough propulsion you can jump right to the end and catch your buddy before its kidnapped. DESIGN INGENUITY OVER 9000!!!!!!!   If you don't buy this game at 19 cents, your mother will be disappointed in your life choices."
76561198193126791,Recommended,317250,25736430,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Conker,"+Simple design+Nice soundtrack+Levels remind me of Super Mario Galaxy (in a good way)+Easy game to jump in and out thanks to short levels and simple structure-Pretty much no story-The whole ""snapping"" deal from one surface to another can get quite confusing8.8/10, would be a 7.5/10 if it wasn't for the fact thatTHIS GAME COSTS 19 FU**ING CENTS.You can't beat that.That makes one more pro to add to the list:-It's probably one of the cheapest fun games you'll ever buyJust get it. It costs less than a piece of gum lol"
,Recommended,317250,25742025,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Coffee,"Very interesting and fun game, lots of levels to keep you occupied for hours.Overall Score: 5/10"
76561198107596987,Recommended,317250,25745095,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BoomyTrevor101,"I love this game its soo good and its awesome its was made with construct 2 I started to learn how to use the free version right now I hope 1 day I can make a awesome game like this,"
76561198091714709,Not Recommended,317250,25746512,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Silent Jet 84,"Cute idea and cute graphics to match. The game has a neat feature where it will reduce the resolution in order to increase the FPS, so that gameplay can flow more easily. Sadly, this function works whether you want it to or not, and when put at a lower resolution the game is flat-out not attractive (particularly annoying since the graphics are simple, so it's an issue with programming). It left me with a game where ithe graphics were messed up enough that I couldn't really tell what was happening.There's also no story. Some big drill hits the starting area and sucks everyone away, and then you get a ""some time later"" thing that pops up and your avatar is on land with a helmet on. What happened? Maybe it's explained later, but I wouldn't be able to get that far with the graphics looking so bad."
,Recommended,317250,25742834,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,~^~Piranha~^~,I caught it on sale for 19 cents and after 20 minutes of playing I've gotten far more enjoyment out of it than that. It takes a little getting used to and I HIGHLY reccomend playing with a controller but all in all it's cute game that is challenging without being absurd and manages to toss you in a unique world with no dialog and minimal control explanation in a way that is enjoyable without frustration.Highly recommended even at full price.
,Recommended,317250,25732925,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,nothgiel7,A fun casual game that actualy has some depth.Reasons to buy:1 You can unlock other characters with special abilities.2  There are two different control schemes( water and land. )3 I like the music.
,Recommended,317250,25811361,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fizzy flask,"A fun and insanely difficult game. The art is cute and the music is fitting. However as the game progressed I've been getting an audio glitch where the music gets staticy. It wasn't there from the start but now the glitch is pretty consistant. Other than that, the game is fun and difficult.  Can't wait to continue playing, though i will probablly turn the audio off and substitute my own. The audio static is really awful, please fix. D-:"
76561198064386810,Recommended,317250,25839011,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Autobahn,Good gameCouldn't understand in the beginning why I was kidnapped by aliens.I'm so innocent and a little octopus looking animal. lolI'm coming back from time to time to play this game
,Recommended,317250,25842908,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Handsoap_pls,"probably one of the best 19 cent game i ever played, it's great enough for a game that cost only 1 % of call of duty games price.."
,Recommended,317250,25848714,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kwwilcox94,"This is truly the 'Dark Souls' of the platformer genre. It's loads of fun with some replay value and generates quite the challenge. You will inevitably get frustrated, and it is likely the developers' goal for this to be so. For what it is, it's great. If you're not into games that are incredibly hard, then take a pass on this one. No one will judge you, and the litteral THOUSANDS of tiny adorable octupi that won't be killed thanks to your decision will be forever grateful."
,Recommended,317250,25832361,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TRMshadow,"In interesting, gravity-based platformer.  It sadly seems almost momentus at this point but it's 2-D platformer with honest-to-god originality and creativity; even more surprisingly, it actually works well too.  Here are some high and low points,- The ability to moderate how quickly or slowly the camera shifts orientation really does a lot mitigate any problems of possible motion sickness.- The music is actually not bad, though maybe a little loud, but that's easily rectified messing with the sound mixer.- The difficulty fluctuates easily with how hard YOU want to make it (moderately difficult just ""finishing"" each stage, or an intense challenge if you choose to 100% everything and rescue all the little critters).- Good variation in playable characters.  As you proceed you unlocke different octopi, each allowing for a slightly different playstyle.x Sometimes where the gravity shifts from planetoid to planetoid is non-obvious, leading to a degree of trial and error (quite annoying if the stage is lax on checkpoints)x F**k Sniper Rifles, seriously, I can't be the only one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of with entire levels composed entirely of running away from these guys.In summary, A breath of fresh air in a stale genre.  Pick it up, it's well worth sinking a couple hours into."
,Recommended,317250,25853986,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Anonymousb4F @pvpro.com,Super fun game I recommand it
,Recommended,317250,26189132,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Hatty_Cat,"small fun little game, Very smooth and minimalistic art stile. Gamplay wise, quite difficult and takes a good amount of time to achieve everything wich mens it lasts a good amount of time. I would recomend as it is a cheep but fun little game that you can play even without a mouse!"
76561198105445916,Recommended,317250,26149339,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Fugitive Mind,"A platformer that sports colorful graphics, decent music, solid level design, and Steam trading cards that cover the price of the game. Unfortunately, it also contains a difficulty curve that ramps up too quickly as well as an extremely disorienting camera due to the gravity mechanic. I don't ever get motion-sickness from playing games, but this one was an exception.Overall, it's fun for an hour or so, though I didn't have it in me to complete it due to its flaws. If you can get past them, you should definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,317250,26135459,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,leogun22889,"Being a gamer, I love a challenge, but this game takes challenges to a whole new level. The physics on the game are so wonky and sensative that you will spend around 5 - 6 hours just trying to master going through water. And don't even bother trying to collect all of the rings 100%, Its next to impossible. You have to quite literally speed run the levels in order to make it to certain rings, and even then, you make it with 1/10th to 1/20th of a second to spare. If you bumb yourself wrong, or cant get on that 1 ledge that needs EXACTLY the correct degree angle jump, then you will never complete this game 100%. I have raged at a lot of games in my lifetime, but no game brings out my anger and frustration like this one. This game is obnoxiously difficult, massivly time consuming (Because of the THOUSANDS of times you will have to play the SAME level over and over), and just starts loosing its appeal and fun factor.On a good note, The graphics and sounds are amazing, and its fun playing as an adorable little octopus. But its just too damn unforgiving to actually make me want to play for more than a few hours. Maybe Nearly Impossible games are your thing, but its just not mine."
,Recommended,317250,25970999,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,"Cute, fun and (rarely seen these days), very well made. You really feel this is a finished and polished game. Nice graphics also"
,Recommended,317250,26040926,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheRealWeeden,A fun  game to play while passing the time. It is a nice balance of challanging and cute.
76561198125093007,Recommended,317250,26175799,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,activist for the sake of beans,>get for 19 cents>3 card drops>every card is worth at least 7 cents>make 2-5 cent profit from completing a game>mfw i realise this isn't a greentext
,Recommended,317250,26375894,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tylėk gerai,Good and Simple game
,Recommended,317250,27849063,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rabbitkin,"I bought this game for less than 50c because it was on sale and I wanted to see a construct 2 engine game on steam. I only played it briefly but now I know why people love Super Meat Boy. This game feels like what I imagine meat boy feeling like (never played meat boy, I am just using my imagination here and extrapolating).I played with a controller and only a couple of levels in and it feels very nice to play. Level based games are not my kind of thing, but if I were into these kinds of games, this one would be something I would probably try to finish. The puzzles and mechanics of 360 degree movement + platforming + the ability to adjust the camera motion make the fluidity of the gameplay feel quite satisfying.The art style is adorable, maybe a little to pastel for my taste, but it's still charming :)If the rest of the game has this level of quality for a small indie studio making a game in C2, well, that's very impressive. The team should be proud.I loved the opening of the game too, felt like I was part of the inciting incident (wasn't just a cutscene).As someone who is looking to make a game in C2 (I am more into writing and drawing/animating, so need an easy engine to work with) I am very very impressed by what the team has achieved.C2 may not be optimal for lower end systems, but the game ran well on mine so far - reccomended!"
76561198025508581,Recommended,317250,27822245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,koncjusz2,good game
76561197984305500,Recommended,317250,27912205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,herurubin,"this game is a rush, I've only had a chance to play for a bit but it's extemely fun....BUT I almost quit on it as I felt really quesy from the rotating view... I almopst gave up on the game but after they displayed the rotation settings I set it to 20% and then it was great. I think they may have given a better first impression by starting out with less rotation and let people increase it. Use j and k keys to adjust the spinning view and then give it a chance and you'll be glad you did,"
,Recommended,317250,27309859,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☑ 🅱uild Vis,Cute precision platformer featuring good level design and fun mechanics.I like unlocking characters with unique powers and collecting timed collectibles.
,Recommended,317250,26760121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Static Butcher,"I haven't beat this game yet, but I aim to, and with that being said: This game is cute. I like octopi too. I'm not too big on platformers because I suck at them, but this the controls and objectives are simple enough to get the hang of, while still being challenging enough to offer enjoyment. Some of the levels were bogging down my computer both in sound and fps issues, oddly, considering I've played games with heftier graphical content with no issues. Maybe my computer is garbage. All in all though, I liked it. If you like platformers and games without a lot of bells and whistles, so to speak, you'd probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,317250,26983280,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,khasoesjaya,"This game simple yet challenging.Make your head dizzy at moment but.. it's the fun partbuy only 50 cent, sell card for 50 centgreat"
,Recommended,317250,26946626,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spah,"Have to set it to the right settings to stop yourself from getting dizzy... but otherwise a very, very innovative platformer!"
76561198139242296,Recommended,317250,26615709,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,spacebuff125,"I haven't played this game long, However I must get all squishies and I just can't stop playing. Very good for casual pick up put down gameplay"
,Recommended,317250,28090452,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Piffer,"Wow, very simple which makes it a ton of fun. Both me and my kids love this game. It is small in install size, under 300 Mb, runs smooth and does not have crazy graphics. Looks great, excellent music and sound."
,Recommended,317250,28771823,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shurek,"The first reasons the I got this game is because it says that it was inspired by Mario Galaxy, and that is really true, the first levels of the game are amazing, great gameplay, great musics, great level design, I was really loving it at some times, but in the half of the game, it got too hard, oh my god how it got so hard? Why are people really doing this kind of mechanics and level design, what for?, then latter I found another level designs and mechanics master peaces, weird right? That is a inconsistency of the overall quality, sometimes it's the best action platformer I played this year, some another times it's a ♥♥♥♥ing hard broken mess, I already finished the game, but I'm not coming back, I don't want to suffer anymore, but it's a good game, just give it a try, it's really cheap anyway.About the sales, I think it's really selling so poorly because it's not on Game Consoles, mainly on Nintendo consoles, most of people that still really care about good platform games is there, better luck next time, I'm still looking forward for this company games, see ya."
76561198079169838,Recommended,317250,28801135,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pmk,"♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVELOPER!Cheap Obstacles;Incredibly Laggy;Deadly Glitches.Whoever created this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥Reccomended only if you play the fair level: if you find one that enrages you, leave and never come back."
76561198091100689,Recommended,317250,28875794,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,koridor,Best with a controller!
,Recommended,317250,29026524,Posted: 4 January,all,Francis Danais,"Nice cute plat-former with a difficulty level that will cause a sad amount of deaths, all around good."
76561198356706257,Recommended,317250,29049894,Posted: 5 January,all,Q.V.N,cute! I love the game
,Recommended,317250,29071447,Posted: 6 January,all,@KingRinf,It's very soothing. I bought because my friend said that the game is fun. Here strarayus play often. But the work does not allow. This game would like to phone tablet. Thanks to the developer for this good game
76561197985336029,Recommended,317250,29058023,Posted: 6 January,all,iqooo,"Great game. Well worth the investment :) If you're still not convinced, check out some gameplay videos!"
,Recommended,317250,29052001,Posted: 5 January,all,Chimpalicious,A fun twist on Side scrolling games.100% worth the sale price of .49 cents.(Only played through a few levels but I see a game that I will try and beat.)
,Recommended,317250,29072025,Posted: 6 January,all,SukiChii,"Initial thoughts:I just got this game and it is very good. It gets challenging quickly.There are a few issues I do have. Sometimes the octopus gets stuck when jumping to a ledge from underneath (very common in the water levels) and the effect when switching characters makes it a bit confusing (it keeps switching back and forth, which makes it hard to tell whether you picked a chatacter or not). While I haven't finished it, I do feel rather sad that it only has 60 levels.Will update review as I get more into it."
,Recommended,317250,29067099,Posted: 6 January,all,Sammie0901,this is a very fun game and a pretty good platformerbut i got a bid nauseous after a while but its worth it
76561197977879276,Recommended,317250,29054297,Posted: 6 January,all,lobotomizedgoat,"Decent challenge, downright hard at times, and cute.  8/8"
76561198022575568,Recommended,317250,29054715,Posted: 6 January,all,BlindKa,A good indie game to pass the time.
,Recommended,317250,29054952,Posted: 6 January,all,/id/suckmymoney ADD ME,"Well, it seems like a game for kids... BUT NO! I RAGE QUITED 10000 TIMES! BUUUT rhen i came back with new keyboard and played again, because this game is really nice"
,Recommended,317250,29140155,Posted: 9 January,all,Bluenight4,Good Game
,Recommended,317250,29146650,Posted: 9 January,all,Ntry,commands are tricky and I play like an a**hole but I like itif you don't swear every three seconds when you die it's okay
76561198141785016,Recommended,317250,28972916,Posted: 3 January,all,Corvus,It's really fun to play.Though for me there's a audio bug that makes all sound stutters and crackles.
,Recommended,317250,28970302,Posted: 3 January,all,revz,Is a very very good game. I like it.  The graphic is good and optimization is ok...   I like this game.
76561198125637413,Recommended,317250,28979120,Posted: 3 January,all,KaghNLOne,"I can recommend this game, I rate it 7.5 on a scale to 10"
76561198352937333,Recommended,317250,28979154,Posted: 3 January,all,Kingzz,Put a while into it quite a fun game bloody impossibleGreat sountrack
,Recommended,317250,28964671,Posted: 2 January,all,Bane Star,It's casual. It's entertaining. It's fun. It's currently $0.49. Get it.
76561198030768673,Recommended,317250,28960116,Posted: 2 January,all,The Cake is A Lie,Great Game
76561198058347313,Recommended,317250,28966711,Posted: 2 January,all,Emma,"This game is extremely adorable, and I had a lot of fun with it so far. I would say for those who are easily nausated that this might not be the game for you, though the amount of spinning the game does is adjustable."
,Recommended,317250,28965530,Posted: 2 January,all,Mirurun ✩,"This game is an absolutely stunning and challenging platformer.It is almost free atm, but yet beats many other $10 or $15 games."
,Not Recommended,317250,32610732,Posted: 20 June,all,A Gelatinous Cube-Z-,"Game requires tight controls as advertised, but the characters move like everything's covered in butter.Timed orbs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, too."
76561198312523723,Recommended,317250,28990214,Posted: 3 January,all,TheFinnishBug,"I like how this game has good pricing for the content you get. In levels you sometimes fail so much you memorize everything, the timing of the jumps, everything and you eventually beat it which is really satisfying, great game! Have giftedto multiple friends on Steam!"
,Not Recommended,317250,32899722,Posted: 27 June,all,babiblack,It's VERY VERY VERY dizzy. And difficult because the physics don't help. P.S.: Got this game in a bundle.
,Recommended,317250,32953568,Posted: 28 June,all,DonattR,"Very chill game, relaxing!"
,Recommended,317250,32944577,Posted: 28 June,all,MinionGamer155 csgolive.com,wow so amazing
76561197983624334,Recommended,317250,32972782,Posted: 28 June,all,Ricky Spanish,kid loved it...it made dizzy...seems cool tho
76561198083377131,Not Recommended,317250,29134796,Posted: 8 January,all,shmup32,"The concept is interesting and the graphics are fine, however the game was very glitchy on my computer.It kept freezing for some seconds, and sometimes the main character simply disapeered... Hope that an update will fix these problems."
76561198064875982,Not Recommended,317250,25803631,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Stump Chunkman,"This game has a lot of really good potential, like, a lot of it, but, I can barely play it, since this game gives me terrible motion sickness, the controlls need some serious work too. For 19 cents, you could do worse, just be careful, as this game swings the camera around like a flail..."
76561198058261394,Recommended,317250,29125176,Posted: 8 January,all,rotlasks,Fun game with spatial confusion
,Recommended,317250,28728351,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vexine,"Useally, when I see a game that's on sale for 20 cents, I think of some kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, like Bizarre Earthquake (NEVER buy that game...) but this is actually great! + It has trading cards! :3"
,Recommended,317250,28717681,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KappaPrideLAWL,"I felt like I was inside a body flying around a bunch of cells, invading them, spreading viruses!"
,Recommended,317250,28946792,Posted: 2 January,all,LittleOcean,This is one of cutest game ever~<3It is relaxing to play but same time it's not X3Like the music too
,Recommended,317250,29155643,Posted: 9 January,all,wolfrock,"holy crap this game's hard. also could possibly make you motion sick. it's on sale for the price of a couple of trading cards, so it's a must buy."
76561198040015314,Recommended,317250,29155072,Posted: 9 January,all,Jake65,"10/10More heart attacks than a horror game. Never again.Really though, I thought this game was incredibly fun, though painfully difficult. I felt pretty accomplished after finishing it, after traveling over 34 kilometers and dying over 2,000 times.Anyone who loves platformers (and/or Mario Galaxy) should try this game."
,Recommended,317250,29133644,Posted: 8 January,all,UGGHHHH,I thought this game was S**T!!!And later on after playing the gameI realized that my PC was...
76561198053545870,Recommended,317250,29119262,Posted: 8 January,all,hoveringjester,Nice relaxing fun game.
76561197962658713,Recommended,317250,29119270,Posted: 8 January,all,Frood,Better than expected from such a cheap game!
,Recommended,317250,29118526,Posted: 8 January,all,mcxandio,Really fun game so far :)
76561198256586430,Recommended,317250,30113023,Posted: 22 February,all,TechDragon536,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played..........For it's price anyway.Though seriously, this game is definetly worth the money. It is amazing.Also, it contantly goes on sale for 90% off."
,Recommended,317250,30108306,Posted: 22 February,all,Andersven77,"looks decent, will update when I play more"
,Recommended,317250,28842919,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hol up nigga,Super Meat Boy with Squids
,Recommended,317250,29550678,Posted: 28 January,all,Welp,"At first sight this game seemed to be a waste of money. I was gladly proven wrong, with the cute graphics and fun gameplay. My only real complaint with the game/gameplay is that the screen spinning is a bit tedious."
,Recommended,317250,29471552,Posted: 24 January,all,kcdragon,Interesting take on the 2D platformer genre. The beginning levels aren't too difficult but it gets much more difficult as the game goes own. Think Super Meat Boy difficulty although this game does have check points (which often don't come soon enough).
,Recommended,317250,29470849,Posted: 24 January,all,dtamashu,The feeling dizzy game. Well done! :)
,Recommended,317250,29431380,Posted: 22 January,all,iiWiil csgoroll.com,"Simple, fun and cheap, Nice!"
76561198008929552,Recommended,317250,29431854,Posted: 22 January,all,Nappa,"Warning: this game has some fast camera movement that you may have to get used to. If you're not sure you can stand it, you might want to get an impression first by watching a gameplay video.I bought this game as part of a bundle, and was positively surprised. It's a nice, challenging platformer with a cute art style.There's not much story to this game -- you're an octopus that's happily swimming in the sea doing whatever octopuses do, when one day an alien disrupts the peace by abducting all the ocean's inhabitants. You will control the octopus on a journey to rescue his abducted friends.You will visit a lot of different 'worlds', and each world will have a few levels that introduce new gameplay elements and enemies. Your goal is to navigate from the entry portal to the exit portal without dying. This will start off quite easy, but soon enough there will be dangerous traps and enemies to tear you apart. Every level also contains a few of your abducted friends trapped in orbs, waiting to be rescued. They will be in harder to reach places, and sometimes you'll have to beat a timer to get to them before it runs out.After beating a number of levels, you will unlock extra hard 'containment levels'; they are extra hard challenges to test your skills. But if you manage to complete them you will unlock additional octopuses to play with. And each rescued octopus will come with a special skill (for example, extra float time, or a short range teleport).The variation in levels will keep this game from going boring too fast, and each world is also accompanied with great music. Add to this that you can probably get this for almost free during sales, you'll probably get your money's worth."
,Recommended,317250,29589899,Posted: 30 January,all,Omega Troller,Not Bad
,Recommended,317250,29600349,Posted: 30 January,all,ezpzlamonesqz,Holds the record for cheapest game in my library at$0.21CND. The game is reminiscent of playing flash games in elementary school so don't be surprised with what you get. I'm pretty sure I've swallowed this games worth when I was a kid.
,Not Recommended,317250,29386422,Posted: 20 January,all,Skydex790,"This is probably the most rage inducing game ive played, i mean the fact that i wasnt was in a good mood when i started playing probably doesnt help, but its litterarly mario 2 on ice when it comes to gameplay.The controls in water is confusing and irritating as hell.The fans are also insanely confusing, sometimes they let you float at a height, somtimes they behave like a spring, and you never know which one it is before testing it, and sometimes it even behaves like both.Which makes it even more irritating when you guessed wrong and have to redo almost half a level.The music is also confusing, its jumping between realxing and intense, like its unsure which its more of.I understand that its supposed to be difficult but i must admit that i would play any game at all, thankfully i barely paid anything for this.But i guess if you want a mario 2 on ice then have fun, if you want a hard plattformer then i would rather suggest something else like Bloody Trapland, yes its more expensive but id say its more worth it.Id say the only plus about this is game is that its a child friendly plattformer, but considering how rage inducing it is i wouldnt suggest it for kids."
,Recommended,317250,29362105,Posted: 19 January,all,{MS&AH}Icecrown The Prince,"Very good game, hard, and beautiful graphics.I love it"
,Not Recommended,317250,29051514,Posted: 5 January,all,kazuma,"DIZZYThe camera keeps rotatin, i mean, for almost every f**king minite. I can not describe how dizzy i feel after this. Adjusting the rotation rate or whatever you call it by LB/RB didn't help."
,Recommended,317250,28849898,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JudgeVanadium,"This game's physics are a nice breath of fresh air in platformers but can make the game a bit disorienting at times. This game is also extremely challenging Dark Souls-level or greater difficulty, and the deaths felt just as undeserved sometimes. Despite this, however hard the game gets, it is always doable eventually, and there is very little penalty for dying: it is a natural part of the gameplay. 13 hours of gameplay for a 50 cent game (when on sale) is nothing to scoff at either.Pros:Interesting phyicsExtreme difficultyGreat soundtrackCons:Undeserved deathsExtreme difficulty on some levelsSome bugs in objects not rendering on screen or getting stuck while moving(particularly on the very last level)"
,Recommended,317250,28989174,Posted: 3 January,all,riperonijaderoni,"Never trust cute games , they will stress you out especially this one. Have not completed yet due to rage quiting but its a cute and good game."
,Recommended,317250,28991027,Posted: 3 January,all,The Chocolatier,"Cute and fun, and anything that has ""die 2,500 times"" as an achievement knows what I'm about. You probably won't really die 2,500 times, but it's a good time regardless."
,Recommended,317250,29687901,Posted: 4 February,all,Armok,This is an Amazing game!! You need to pay attention! Good for relaxing!Im not a fan of this type of game but this is a really good one!!!You just need to try this!
76561198320588926,Recommended,317250,29706308,Posted: 4 February,all,Hrnndz,Airscape is a great casual and light hearted game. It is one of the few steam games to be made with the construct 2 engine :) and for the price i would recommed it.
,Not Recommended,317250,29455595,Posted: 23 January,all,Lexan,"Insanely steep learning curve, be sure to put a plastic bag over your electronics so they don't get damaged when you barf, but not before you take your keyboard and snap it over your legs"
,Recommended,317250,29700677,Posted: 4 February,all,WelcomeToShrugCity,"Airscape really surprised me, I bought it on special for under a dollar and was expecting a cheap little game to spend a day or two on, I actually ended up getting a fast paced challenging game at a steal of a price that kept me busy for quite a while.At first it seems pretty basic and the controls/camera movements feel a little weird, but once you get the rhythm of the game down it really is a blast. It has kind of a Meatboy feel to it, but the underwater controls bring a whole new dimension and a plethora of new challenges to the game which I hadn’t expected in a platformer like this.I’ve always been kind of a completionist so games like this, with achievements, items to get in each level, and unlockable characters, tend to really grab my attention. Getting every ‘critter’ (3 in each level) was really a challenge, finding them can range from an easy jump to speed running through a level at impossible speeds, some of them require a certain character or precise timing; suffice to say you won’t be able to complete the game 100% without a challenge.Tl;dr : challenging game with unique controls and plenty of unlockables /achievements to keep you busy, well worth the price."
,Recommended,317250,29719240,Posted: 5 February,all,Who,"The game I played so far has great controls, though when you are on opposite land (As seen probably most in game), the controls are inverted. That's the only issue I have. The game I experience I had so far. But later on, some audio got bad (Example: ♫ ♫(Audio gap) ♫) I rate this a 8/10."
76561198004565666,Recommended,317250,29710233,Posted: 4 February,all,brickey.8,"This is a very fun platformer. It does a great job keeping up the variety with mechanics like gravity flipping, swimming through sky bubbles, rocket platforms and snipers. Despite starting out super easy and looking child-friendly the difficulty scales up pretty dramatically as the game goes on.Camera flipping and disorientation are part of the core premise, but yes it could be nauseating for some people. And it can be hard to control in some parts (such as a segment where the camera flips every few seconds, or any part where you have to jump between sky bubbles in a hurry). Also there's a few segments later on that seemed virtually impossible until I switched to the teleporter character.Overall, for anyone who thinks the trailer looks remotely interesting, I recommend this game."
76561198108641149,Recommended,317250,29656449,Posted: 2 February,all,GameBe,"I really like this soundtrack, it's a fun little cute game to play"
,Recommended,317250,29655086,Posted: 2 February,all,AlexDtz,"Pros+Game is pretty fun. Good Time killer+Over 60 fun levels+Cute Graphics+Really cheap (you can buy it for 19 cents)+Soundtrack+Good designed+23 achievements+Trading CardsCons-During my short experience, I've found it kinda hard to control my character. Kinda Weird :)-It can get kinda boring and repetitiveScore7/10"
,Recommended,317250,29642855,Posted: 1 February,all,um ok,very fun game for what its worth and is challenging with platforming - quality graphics and gamplay and would recommend to play
,Recommended,317250,29429146,Posted: 22 January,all,LVI Sodax,trading cards
,Recommended,317250,29475489,Posted: 24 January,all,Aergis,Fun and frustratingly hard.
,Recommended,317250,29378773,Posted: 20 January,all,CrowGD (stalemate 33%),This is a very fun game. Worth the money
76561198042759225,Not Recommended,317250,32221768,Posted: 6 June,all,thepuppeteer777,"I baught this game on sale because it looked like a cute fun little game, but I can't really get in to it, it gives motionsickness on a high level, I hardly ever get motionsick so if you are a person that gets motion sick fast I would suggest you avoid it, it isnt worth it. gameplay wise you get dropped in a level from level select and have to collect 3 orbs with animals in them ""cages"" and reach the end."
76561198017638761,Not Recommended,317250,32292084,Posted: 9 June,all,Anacoao,"This is a fun little game, but I can't play it because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, I mean I can play Skyrim on my computer without any problems, but this game just lags like hell for me. Reducting resolution or graphics settings doesn't do anything and performance is the same.Perhaps it is because of game engine used, seriously Construct 2?If you are using integrated graphics like me, do not buy this game because you won't be able to have fun with it.Otherwise I think it is worth 0.5€, graphics are pretty and gameplay is also very good.I don't know about length of the game, because I quit after few minutes."
76561198218511508,Recommended,317250,32292346,Posted: 9 June,all,Mark SuCCerberg,This is now my favorite platformer. If I were you I would hurry up and get it while it's 49 cents!
,Recommended,317250,32296446,Posted: 9 June,all,SMASHBOT,"Bought this game, played it, forgot I bought it. It's a good game, good fps, good graphics, good gameplay, controls aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Can't comment much on the storyline, but I like it, I would recommend it."
76561198096251661,Recommended,317250,32288276,Posted: 9 June,all,MCB | Liquid MuggedByaCoffeBean,"If you love Difficulty and are completionish, you will love this game. Worth every dollar."
76561198295771262,Recommended,317250,32346661,Posted: 11 June,all,JKolt,FUNNNN@@@222!!!!
76561198384030678,Not Recommended,317250,32355252,Posted: 11 June,all,SpaceDogDax,"If 'cute' was squished up and smashed into a game, this would be the result. That being said, this game is the most- and I really do mean THE MOST infuriating game that I've ever had the unfortunate luck of playing. Now, Now, This doesn't mean that I don't like the game, but..... It gives me a headache every single time that I play. At first, the rotating controls roped me in because it was like nothing I'd ever seen before but that got real old. quickly. The controls are way too bouncy and just all over the place. if you don't know what I mean, think of trying to play the hardest level of Spyro while riding the HULK coaster at Universal Studios also while being♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk and somehow still having a hangover from the night before.Yeah. That's really how it feels.Now, I'm sure that if you're used to playing twisty-turny games like this, it's no big deal, but to the casual gamer...There is an option to turn down the spiny-ness and shakey-ness but even with that at the LOWEST POSSIBLE LEVEL the game is still hard for the eyes to follow. So, great goodness above help the player that's daring enough to play with the settings on default.All things aside, the game is still very cute and with campy colors and cuddly creatures it's hard to resist. But trust me, you'll wanna resist this one. If you want a nice little challange, go on ahead, don't let me stop you. But if you're looking for something casual that won't make you upchuck on a woodchuck, I'd recommend that ya find another game."
76561198320460742,Not Recommended,317250,32356123,Posted: 11 June,all,bluejay676,Motion Sickness
,Recommended,317250,32308026,Posted: 9 June,all,RajaDavid,This game answers the question at to what an indie-Steam version of Super Mario Galaxy would look like
76561198061249750,Recommended,317250,32333160,Posted: 10 June,all,Razorbitz,"A shockingly good 2D platformer that gets ridiculously tricky near the last few planets. I'll admit, I was unable to beat it out of frustration, but unlike many rage quits, I did so with a more positive attitude. It's a flawed gem that is worth the disgustingly cheap sale price I keep seeing it for, and wow is it pretty.The difficulty spike is not for everyone as the reviews below prove, and I will admit the physics are a bit less precise than they should be for a game demanding accuracy, but for what you get before it and even after it,Lots of cute secrets too, so definitely keep your eyes peeled on that world map.Throw your two quarters at it (when that sale is on of course) and enjoy, human."
,Recommended,317250,32262017,Posted: 7 June,all,En-hakkore,"Amazing game. I'm a huge fan of the platformer genre and I love everything about this game: the art style, the character and level designs, the music, the difficulty, the story, the controls, etc.The best part is that I got the game on sale for $0.49, even though it is well worth the full price of $4.99.9/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,317250,32235454,Posted: 7 June,all,DoItAll,An excellent platformer with a new take on how gravity should work in a 2d game. Well worth a playthrough.-DoItAll on Youtube
76561198259565750,Recommended,317250,32690353,Posted: 23 June,all,Husky,"This game is really fun. It is really difficult, but not so difficult it makes you not want to play it. Each world and level has unique gameplay to it, so the game doesn't feel stale when playing. The music's also really good, and it's completely orchestrated, which is awesome.My only complaint is that the camera can easily make you dizzy or even motion sick. For me at least, switching the camera to rotate to 200% made it a lot easier to play. You can also change the camera to 0%, where it won't rotate at all if you need to."
,Recommended,317250,32891432,Posted: 27 June,all,Apollo,not bad
76561198359294590,Recommended,317250,31672879,Posted: 10 May,all,marius gamdom.com,cute hardcore game XD
,Recommended,317250,33301066,Posted: 5 July,all,JoeyDaPanda,"Airscape: the Fall of Gravity is a very challenging platformer that lets you dip your feet in the water and then shoves you into the deep end. It's pretty much guaranteed you'll struggle but it's a lot of fun when you have nothing better to do.The level design is great; forcing skill and observation from you, and the octopi are irresistibly cute. This game deserves to be bought and at least tried even if you're new to platformers like myself. I can see myself playing this on rainy days in the future."
76561198055751007,Recommended,317250,33646436,Posted: 19 July,all,johannespetzold,"Unexpectedly decent platformer. Hard but fair thanks to many checkpoints. Innovative gravity mechanics. Excellent controls (using XBox controller). Audio was broken for me unfortunately, so I played mostly without sound."
,Recommended,317250,33675908,Posted: 20 July,all,CharahC,Fun little platformer with octopi. Not much else you can say about it. Except that any sushi restaurant will have a hell of a time catching these little guys.
,Recommended,317250,33676244,Posted: 20 July,all,⋘Brandonio⋙ cs.money,fun
,Recommended,317250,33772425,Posted: 24 July,all,Tsam,"Very challenging game! You'll need a lot of patient, but the game rocks!"
,Recommended,317250,26310422,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Smenew,Cute Dark Souls...
,Recommended,317250,34000649,Posted: 3 August,all,Catratio,"It's like they took the Raphael the Raven boss fight from Yoshi's Island and made a whole game out of it. That's great, because that was the best part of Yoshi's Island.The game looks cutesy but that only fools you into thinking it's childish or easy. You do get infinite lives, but on the other hand you'll be experiencing infinite deaths too. The premise is you're a little octopus and aliens have sucked up your part of the ocean, including you and all your sea buddies. You unlock more stages by freeing things like crabs, jellyfish, and shrimps held captive throughout the levels. This is nice because it means you can finish the game by getting enough creatures in the early levels without having to actually beat every stage, and some of the later ones you'll probably be happy to skip since they can get insane. Lasers, homing missiles, bullet hell segments, all while spinning around in a floating bubble of water. It's a lot for one octopus to handle, but it's all in good fun. Every few stages you enter a fortress to free another octopus relative that has a special ability, like double jump, briefly slow down time, or perform a short teleport. There are checkpoints and you can try as much as you want so it doesn't become infuriatingly difficult. The final boss is really cool too. It reminds me a little of Portal, only more underwater.A+ game, please go buy it, it's really great and unique."
,Recommended,317250,34027541,Posted: 4 August,all,Captain J. Ryno,"This game is awwnestly a breath of fresh air.There's tons of dime-aww-dozen platformers on steam but this one is one of the best in my book. You play as a squid of many and you awwre adorable. You don't have control of gravity (which, if you couldn't tell by the title, has fawwllen) but you can turn the camera to make jumping easier. Speaking of which, the jumping aww-nimation is adorable. In each level, there's some sea creatures for you to collect awwnd they are adorable.This game is aww-dorable."
,Recommended,317250,25823443,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Shurikenx,I like the concept of this game.
,Recommended,317250,35158729,Posted: 23 September,all,TwinVanity,"STORY:The story of Airscape from what i understood is that it all starts with you controlling a squid and your with your other squid family, fishes, crabs, and other different sea creatures. It was all peaceful until a bomb exlosion happens and an alien robot thing captures your squid family and the rest of your fellow sea creatures and you have to go and save them from the alien race. Okay the story seems simple enough where the player will get the entire gist of it. Its a simple goal and it  works but the problem there is that its overused, Usual story plots of platformers is that something bad happens and you stop it, its been used alot the only difference i found in it is the fact instead of being a robot kid person (Megaman, sorry for low rated comparison), a plumber (Mario), a hedehog (sonic) your......a squid. Thats it, save your family beat the main villain poof thats itGAMEPLAY:Gameplay wise, Airscape has its own way of traversing through its levels, the levels are suited and well thought of in order to make use of the abilities your squid character has. Plus with all its other aspects like swimming while avoiding bombs and rockets, the twisty, tilting camera, Zero Gravity stages and more, you can fairly say that airscape has its own thing going for them. Another thing about it is its stages. some stages are forgiving and make you play calmly while emjoying the animated art the game has but others are really difficult. The difficulty can make a person rage from time to time (which i did mostly) The stages are layed out differently between areas (Zones) with each zone having a specialty, some are normal but others like the swimming stages, zero gravity stages, toxic stages etc, are designed to make your rage a few times. Another aspect i like in the game is being able to switch between the characters you unlocked, which makes you feel like a team when approaching your objective.CONTROLS:The games controls are easy to remember which the arrow keys being the movement, spacebar to jump and shift to runbut the way the controls feel when your playing some of the stages such as the unerwater it tends to be way difficult. sometimes it feels delayed or it feels as if the game cheated you but knowing your the one who was the reason you screwed up. The player may also use a controller which helps in some levels. all what i can say is, some levels work with a controller and some work with a keyboard so its all about preferences.OVERALL:The game is good, its good enough to call it a platforming game, but its something that you would play once, finish it and never reinstall because of how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you are at the game. But please i would say try it out for yourself its a platformer with its own styles and creativity which makes it feel like its not one of those cliche Games. For people who like platformers i would like you to try the game out and create your own expereience"
76561198043388752,Not Recommended,317250,35409937,Posted: 2 October,all,William Luther Pierce,Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066031607,Not Recommended,317250,35427337,Posted: 2 October,all,Pigenator,"The game just isn't very fun. The movement doesn't feel great, i can't pinpoint the exact problem but it feels a bit sluggish. This is a game where you will die a lot in situations where it feels like you should have survived. Overall, the game is not intresting or varied enough to be worth even such a low price, but if you are into rage platformers then give it a go."
,Recommended,317250,28986424,Posted: 3 January,all,►Agallodd◄ || csgo-stats.net,"awesome game, but do just i have those audi bugs?"
76561197986336150,Recommended,317250,35470427,Posted: 4 October,all,birxeo,"Pretty fun, disorientating jumper with a clean style 6/10"
,Recommended,317250,35520348,Posted: 6 October,all,Barthel,... Cool ...
