user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198017076013,Not Recommended,317440,13243316,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Texelion,"I don't understand how, but they somehow managed to turn a rather good game ( Quantum Rush Online ) into a boring and flawed single player game. After playing QR online for some time, I immediately bought QR Champions in early access tu support the devs. And as usual, I regret having bought an EA game... Here are some of the obvious flaws I've encountered, I've already listed that on the forum, and other players complained about them too, but it seems that the devs just don't give a damn about user feedback :- the menus with a gamepad don't work really well, it's OK sometimes, and other times it's a chore, almost impossible to navigate- the mouse cursor doesn't disappear when using a gamepad- there is absolutely no damage feedback, most of the time your shield and armor just suddenly disappear and you don't even know who or what hit you- primary weapon is useless, most if the time you just shoot the ground because the tracks aren't made to use this kind of weapon. Also you have to push the button each time you want to shoot... when it's supposed to be a rapid fire weapon.- ""collisions"" problems. And by collision I mean the hit detection of boosters and items. Sometimes you will take a booster even if you miss it by 2 meters, and sometimes you will be exactly on the booster but you're ship doesn't accelerate. Same for the pick-ups, I even saw an enemy behind me get the item I was going to take- there is absolutely no way to know what an item does, most of the time the icon sucks, and even when you use the item, you don't really know what it did- there is ""that guy"". You know ""that guy"" ? Almost every racing game has it, it's the nearly unbeatable ennemy that is always first, way ahead of the others for no reason because he is supposed to have the same ship, and seems completely cheated. Even when you get ahead of him, he manages to save and use all his energy at the end of the race to overtake you.- they removed the cash. In QR online, even when you lose a race, you earn some cash, so you didn't play for nothing. It's not the case here, and the game is so difficult that you'll have to restart again, and again, and agin, the exact same race, earning nothing, just to beat ""that guy"". The game becomes a useless grind really fast, except that there is nothing to grind...- stupid game modes. For example there is a mode where you have to grab packages on the track. Thing is, the AI doesn't seem programmed to do the same, so they just run a regular race, shooting each others and trying to reach the line first. And, as YOU have to kinda explore the track to find the packages, you will spend the entire race alone. It would be nearly impossible to grab the packages with the other guys around anyway...- death race sucks. Yup, generally death races in racing games are fun, really fun. Mario Kart, F-Zero, Gas Guzzlers Extreme, it's fun. Not here. Here it's a chore, too. First, for the reasons I already mentionned : primary weapon shooting straight into the ground, bad hitbox on items icons making you miss them all the time, weapons that do nobody-knows-what, and generally useless... you got the picture. But there are even more flaws I didn't talk about. For example I noticied that ennemies don't give a damn about their energy, they generally don't use the  blue tracks to regenerate it, but still they manage to be hard to kill. Also, you never know your position during a race like that : are you first with the most kills ? Where are you on the track compared to others ? Are you far behind and you have to boost to join them ? Generally, the AI manages to go really fast, using their boost like they don't have any energy limit, while happily shooting at each other to have a max of kills, and leting you far behind. They also take almost ALL the items, leaving you with nothing but useless ones, when you are already struggling to keep up with them. This makes the game absolutely not enjoyable, I re-started a death race like 10 times and the best I could do was 7th with 3 kills... IF you manage to got a good weapon that does some damage, it's generally not enough to kill a guy, you will just damage him enough to allow another ennemy to kill him...- the upgrades we win makes no sense : why do they seem weaker than the base equipement ?- most of the musics really suck, I deactivated it after 2 or 3 races. But the game is even more boring without it... I have nothing against electro, it's generally the norm for futuristic racing games, but those ones just suck.Well I could go on and on listing everything wrong with the game, but it takes time and I have better games to play. I've waited for months for them to correct the flaws of early access, and they kinda did nothing ( well at least they corrected the menus with the pads... ). Too bad, QR Online really seemed to have the potential to bring back the old F-Zero and Extreme-G feeling. Seems like we're not gonna play a good like like these on PC for a long time..."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,317440,14408586,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,gonzo191,"A futuristic racing game that's inspired by Wipeout\F-zero games. My initial impressions with this game were high but quickly sank soon after as I became bored and frustrated as a result of the game's odd design decisions.Pros:- Beautiful game- Runs smoothly- Music is good I guess (nothing for or against it)- Normal race event is funCons:- No Dpad support is a huge oversight. Using RS for the menus is annoying and slow and using it for the hex grid in-game race menu up is a g0ddamn nightmare- Unskippable race intros, if you have to repeat a race get ready to re-watch the intros for the umpteenth time.- Unenjoyable and frustrating race events.- Extremely obtuse item pick ups. Whenever you pick-up an item you'll be left with this exact thought ""What did that do?""- Collision detection feels off at times, I missed quiet a few pick-ups, bumped into walls while on the ceiling exiting a tunnel which reduces your speed and in one event causes your boost timer to restart.- Boss battles are garbage, boss gets a 3+ second lead and you have to drive through certain rings to send shock blasts until you catch up as pick-up are restricted for bosses.- Game lacks attention to details making the races feel rather dull. During some races you drive over water or sand and there's not even a particle of water or dust kicking up or spreading out from the base of your vehicle. You might as well be driving over metal.- AI is the perfect cheater, it takes corners at full speed disregarding the brakes entirely without even bumping into the walls. They sometimes however crash into walls so I don't know.Verdict:This game needed more time and play testing to figure out the quirks. Now before anyone says you're only judging it so harshly because you played WipeOut. Let me say this, I never played a Wipeout or F-zero game. The only futuristic racing game I played and loved was Roll Cage, Roll Cage: Stage 2. Those games were the sh!t and this game lacks everything that made those games fun. If you can deal with all the cons then get it, if not then forget it look somewhere else."
76561198039698928,Recommended,317440,12581244,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Pelerin,"Fun anti-gravity combat racing with a great soundtrack.Looks good, runs well and has a fair amount of content for Early Access.There's a good variety of tracks, you can customize your vehicle and there are quite a few event types.I recommend this game if you're a fan of the genre, especially for such a reasonable price."
,Not Recommended,317440,17102287,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JamieTheD,"While by no means a Future Racing pro, I at least hold my own in the majority of Future Racers, good or bad. Quantum Rush Champions, at first, seemed promising, a spiritual successor to Wipeout, on the PC, with some cool ideas. But the game does not want me to like it. It actively resists such attempts.A heavy chicane series in the third track. Until engines and boosters are upgraded, races are a tedious slog to, at best, a silver. Weapon pickups have a hitbox a third the size of the boost pads, and the same goes for the packages of Courier mode. Weapons, for the most part, rely on either perfect straights, or getting close to other racers (Which is somewhat difficult when said racers have upgrades you do not. Like engines and boosters.) What is worse still, my upgrades in one tier count for... Nothing beyond being able to beat *that* Tier, of *that* campaign, with *that* craft. And Time Trial times require not only those upgrades, but a flawless line.I want to like Quantum Rush Champions. But it doesn't let me. Needing multiple attempts and specific unlocks to achieve even a silver medal is not fun. Needing to do it every racing class is not fun. In short, though I had high hopes for this game since Quantum Rush Online... This game has too high a difficulty curve, with too much grind, for it to be fun. Which is a shame."
,Not Recommended,317440,14490744,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"Devs do not listen. AI Cheats, difficulty is way to high. Found myself doing the same race over and over again. The graphics and controls are supurb, but that is pointless when you can hardly win. Most players aren't getting much past tier 2.This is an example of a game that could be very good, but because devs choose not to listen (just look at the forums), its a flop. All this game has going for it right now is pretty visuals. If the devs fix things my opinion may change, but I'm not getting my hopes up.Save your money."
,Recommended,317440,14611183,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Miles,"As a fan of Magforce Racing (The game that no one has heard of) I can say that this game is a very good alternative to other futuristic racing games, also this game is for those who seek for a good futuristic racing game to play on PC, not on consoles.Pros:1. Nice visual style2. Good atmosphere and music3. Challenging races4. Huge variety of racetracksCons:1. A few balance issues2. System requirements are high3. ""Full controller support"" has some serious issues (+no support for D-pad)8/10This game is recommended for hardcore futuristic racing fans."
,Recommended,317440,13235887,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Martakus,"Really a great game, especially for the small price. A lot of the negative reviews seem to spawn from having Wipeout-like expectations towards a 10-euro-game. That´s just unrealistic. For its price, the game is really good.The feeling of speed is great, and while some things tend to be a bit annoying, it makes them feel extra rewarding when you finally manage to win. This would be different if you´d be penaltied for things you have no influence on, but especially boss levels that feel unbeatable and unfair at first become very easy once you figure out the best strategy. For example, if a boss has strong forward-directed weapons, it might best to stay close behind him and overtake him just before the finish line. Or, on tight, twisting tracks, you might be able to get an advantage by using all your boost immediately so you are always one turn ahead and lock-on weapons or straight missiles can´t hit you.The only thing the game really lacks is motion blur. But that may still come in a future update.Overall, I´d definitely recommend this game if you look for a rather cheap, fun, futuristic racing game."
,Recommended,317440,12588475,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TrustNo1,"Really good game. Love the high octane feel to the game and how you have to play tactically. I played the online quantum rush and this game is a vast improvement with many different game modes like deathmatch.It is really fun and on max settings, it looks amazing.Also, for an early access game it is incredible and means that it is updated regularly.Can't wait for more content.10/10"
76561198070919170,Recommended,317440,12584409,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Setsuna,"Having played this since the Quantum Rush Beta(i think thats what i have on my PC), I was happy to see that this game came to Steam. Its a great futuristic racing game with alot of modifications and a good amount of different racers to use and each has their own style to racing, so its a unique experience each time you play the game. The boss battles are great as you have to use almost everything at your disposal just to beat them."
,Not Recommended,317440,33142892,Posted: 2 July,all,Retroburn,"Bought this in its Early Access phase hoping I would be able to contribute to its development. Voiced out that the Deathmatch mode was pretty ridiculous in that it had tracks that are as long as the ones in the campaign. It fell on deaf ears.Why is this important?You're in a RACING game. But you're also in a deathmatch mode. If you go well ahead of the pack, it would result in you not seeing anyone else; nothing to shoot at. So you've to slow down just so you can achieve the mode's objectives of shooting down X number of competitors.Slowing down in a racing game. Let that sink in.A few weeks later, it came out of EAccess; it seems they've deemed it to be a ""finished"" product.I bought this because I loved the F-Zero for the Game Boy Advance. It doesn't even come close."
76561198009234364,Recommended,317440,13521739,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,hijackyl,"My review is 'maybe recommended' but no button for that, as it's quite good for the GFX and sound, but severely lacking in the physics department that this game is trying to clone, there is little sense of gravity or aerodynamics in regards to thrust/turning/sliding/braking/crashing, making it feel a little rigid. so the the game is mediocre but a bit of highspeed fun for fans of the genre, and certainly not the worst clone attempt....also, the gamepad steering is too sensitive, rarely if ever do i need to back off on the throttle for turns, let alone use the brakes, using a steering wheel with near 90deg each way turn sense fixes this issue, but an ingame sense option is needed.it's on a similar level physics-wise to 'hover ace' and that was released in 2002, yet brilliant physics were achieved in 1996 by wipeout 2, since that time the only games that really came close [apart from sequels] was A.I.M Racing on PC in 2007, and Fatal Inertia on ps3. it's a tough genre to crack, with flashy GFX upgrades common, unfortunately the physics may have peaked 2 decades ago..."
,Recommended,317440,12702617,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Syrsly,"Game is not yet functional but should be functional in a week or so, when the update rolls out.  The devs are apparently fixing the menus and still working on the AI.  Currently, it takes a tiny bit of tweaking to actually get the game working smoothly enough to be playable on my computer (starts in windowed mode, has major framerate drops), and the control customizations are not saved between game sessions.  The menu screens are very unresponsive, and the loading screens take a very long time.The racing feels pretty close to Wipeout or FZero.  That's what I expected.  I'm going to enjoy this game once it gets polished a little and has its major bugs worked out.  I recommend waiting until the game is more playable before buying it, but if you want to take a leap of faith, go ahead and buy it while it's on sale.  For now, I'm going to recommend this game just because it has very little competition on PC, but if the updates don't satisfy my expectations, I may change my opinion."
,Not Recommended,317440,12879216,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,「Drøpb∆re」,"Decent in concept in general except for some flaws.Bosses rubber band hard. You hit everything and not miss a single boost and eventually get ~3 seconds ahead of them? Haha don't worry, they'll be right up your back-side any second now to smash you from 100% to 0% armour in no time with their overpowered and limitless weapons.The free/basic weapons every ship has are nigh-useless and a waste of time and distraction. Should limit all weapons to pick-ups only.Destroying pickups should replenish some of your armour--as far as I've seen there isn't any way to replenish your armour aside from being destroyed.Hard to recommend this game, it really is. It's still in early access but these games rarely fly off well over time. I really want a futuristic racer (anti-grav), I really do. But taking a game like this seriously only slaps your face.To the devs; play and take note of the WipEout series. The closer to this you'll be, the better.Update: 10/11/2014Still no way to replenish armour--again, unless I'm somehow missing something.Airbreaks are still pointless if you do more than just tap it. If you ever hold it in you'll do much more harm than good.AI racers seem to never airbreak and seem to turn around every corner at full speed while players need to perfect the track in their mind and muscle-memory to ever come close. High-turn tracks are nigh-impossible to come first place in.The game seems more and more to be a achieve first-place in the first 10 seconds of the race and maintain it or you'll never get it. So many times I get first place very quickly and hold it with no competition at all. Not a single thing hits me or comes close. Here I am at first place with the second racer ~5 seconds behind with all the other racers fighting eachother and keeping eachother back while I'm boosting ahead and hitting every boost.There's no come-back mechanic at all. Because once first place has first place and gets a couple second advantage, it's over. Second, third and so on keep fightning and smashing eachother to just keep first place in first place.Not a single weapon/pick-up helps this at all. There are just a handful of close-quarter weapons.Upgrades for your craft are too few and far inbetween. Especially since each tier has their own set of gear/unlocks. The system should be in points and you get points after every race you complete and you pick what you want to level up. Want more speed? Upgrade your engines. Want a stronger hull? Upgrade your hull. So on and so on. Not this random, rare drops that don't even seem to change much to begin with. By the time you finish a tier you have a few unlocks where some things are still stock-standard.The basic/free weapons that every ship has all the time are awful and very distracting. Again, these really should be removed. They do very little damage and if you ever plan on hitting something, you'll be focusing mostly on aiming and shooting rather than racing. These are a really bad idea and I struggle to think of any good idea (let alone concept) as to why people would this this is a good idea, then add it in and then actually keep it in. It'd baffle me if anybody actually likes these.The vehicles release a constant black smoke when they're low in hull/armour which constantly fills out ~90% of the track with black smoke. Makes it impossible to properly race if you're anywhere behind them since the smoke trail is very long and lasts a long time. Covers most of the width of your average track.There's no minimap either which is another con.Conclusion: Game is still very frustrating and painful to play. It isn't a casual game and seems as if the devs don't want for it to be. This just makes the game extremely more annoying to take seriously at all. So, game still sucks at this date. Game is riddled with cons with very few pros. Don't buy it.There was some content patch recently. Didn't seem to do much but add some content (ie ships and tracks) I've noticed the main menu mid-race actually pauses now. Prior the race would still go on.Also nice that the shills of the game keep thumbing this down with their alt accounts (yeah I know who you are)This makes me want to plug my PS3 back in and play the only good anti-grav racer: WipEout.Do note: I'll be deleting and resubmitting this review since a particular friend of the dev kept spamming the same negative comment to this game review for over a week while making an alt account every day just to thumb my review down. This kind of attitude is sickly and this is all I can do about it.Said person is monitoring and policing all reviews and forum posts about this game and can not take a single hint of negativity for this game. A shame yet another game is riddled with devs and friends of devs that can't take critcism at all. This has never brought anything good in the long run. Only cancerous people.EDIT: Grammar"
,Not Recommended,317440,19689721,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[To5] Spyrelle,"My angle.My name's Spiralphea, and I consider myself to be pretty adept when it comes to anti-gravity racing games and a semi-professional when it comes to WipEout style titles. QRC was a game I saw in production whilst I was playing the online version before it was shut down, I didn't really have all that much interest in it as QR Online had my computer struggle to run it properly.The sad truth.Years later when I was on the hunt for AG racing games to play, QRC was held in pretty high regard in my head, I promptly bought the base game and tried it out, and I thought it was good, challenging, but nothing I couldn't handle in WipEout HD. It took a negitive review video for me to realise how massively flawed Quantum Rush Champions is, it's got numerous balancing issues, the difficulty is straight up broken in some areas, requiring expliots of the game mechanics to complete a challenge and that isn't fun, I thought it was my fault, that I wasn't good enough at first, but my patience began to drain and this negitive review was the last straw.QRC has the potential to be pretty gosh darn fantastic, it has the solid foundation of a lovely anti-gravity racing game, but it's got more flawed mechanics than a chop shop that damage it at it's core and ultimately kill it.A new hope.If Quantum Rush Champions is ever fixed by Game Art Studios, who are parading the success of it's other games on the news page of this one that's in desperate need of QA testing, then I'll be the first to let you know, if you really want to scratch your WipEout itch, go invest in Formula Fusion by R8 Games, even in it's early access stage it's showing potential to be one of the greatest Anti-Gravity Racing Games in recent history."
,Not Recommended,317440,28538071,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,dreamy,"Mediocre Wipeout CloneBarebones, lacking creative content, bad bland track design,no online multiplayer, doesn't have as good handling as other Wipeout games, tried to mimic the Wipeout 2048 UI, and many more things I could list. Don't waste your money on this. There's a reason why it's so cheap.If you want a game made by some of the former Wipeout devs, look for Formula Fusion on Steam.It's been in Early Access for a while, but it's come a good way and they're doing amazing work on it. They even just released an update with functional online multiplayer...and did I mention it actually feels and handles like a Wipeout game?Case in point:Quantum Rush Champions was a rushed poor attempt to grab the Wipeout enthusiasts on PC. Don't waste your money on it."
,Recommended,317440,12586951,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,riky rice,"F-zero or Wipeout? Why not both? Why not online? Why not cheap?SpacetracksSpacecarsSpaceweaponsGo fastGo FASTERHave a seizure, and be happy with it"
76561198012031982,Recommended,317440,15371609,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Scorp18,"QRC is a nice game in general.- The graphics are nice (tracks are awsome!!!)- The gameplay is a bit deeper than Wipeout (you can store up to three weapons to use, you can choose between them, you can use an accelerate button which overheats your engine and there's also a primary weapon you can use even without picking up anything which also heats the racer up).- The soundtrack is in the same style as Wipeout. Not my favorite in any case but fits the game.- Another plus I didn't expect is that the game is running very smoothly, eventhough my machine is 8 years old (Core2Duo 2,4 GHz, 3 GB RAM, GeForce 9800 GT 1 GB)Now the bad parts.- It has gotten stuck a couple of times during the loading screen.- The game menu isn't so clear and easy to use from the beginning. You'll need some time to get used to navigating the menu.- The cursor remains visible always.- Difficulty of the game is unsensible.Neutral- Would be better to have access to more tracks and racers from the beginning.- I guess it's made for XBOX-like gamepads so my Rumblepad 2 is recognized as an XBOX gamepad, which makes it difficult to set custom controls, but it still works fine after.To sum it up, having in mind that it costed 5 eu when I bought it, I'd definitely recommend it. Despite the bugs it's much fun!"
76561198024632017,Recommended,317440,12855989,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,QP,"For those who are looking for a good futuristic anti gravity racer, this is a pretty good fix. It seems to be inspired by Wipeout rather than F-Zero due to it being a car combat, the style of machines, and the fact they have different brands of machines and each are very different stat wise and would infulence you to drive each one of them differently. Currently they have a few different challanges varying from simple single races, timed eliminations, deathmatches, and a speed mode where you are reqired to drive around the track perfectly and quickly to gain speed boosts that stack and will go away if you hit a wall. So far its pretty stable only had two crashes, lags a little at times, looks pretty good, and it has enough content to get your moneys worth for five bucks. The track themes vary from a beach, undergound pipes, a city, and space. I'd like to see an area themed around a floating city or a track in the sky in general. This game is in early access and I'd like to see much more content such as more tracks, game modes, and maybe decaling your machines."
,Recommended,317440,15194441,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Morgan_X,Good graphics and sound. Great sense of speed. Good performance (I do have a high-end machine and play on Super). Much tighter control than Wipeout though it doesn't have the ship design or that polished feel of Wipeout. And Wipeout still owns the soundtrack. But this game has great potential and is the best PC attempt at a quality Wipeout class gravity racer on PC.
76561198155870927,Recommended,317440,13936881,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Guerrilla Glue,"+Graphics and graphics optionsRacer customizationUnique racetracksGreat soundtrackReally fast (higher tier racers specifically)Plays similar to F-zero, but with weapons-Racer parts only increase or decrease stats as a whole (only one logical choice for upgrading for each type)Only three different types of racersAlmost no storyNo drifting (airbrakes instead)No online (yet)7/10 - Wait for it to go on sale."
76561198015666606,Recommended,317440,15483142,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ranger,"This game is fantastic! That said, if you are looking for a casual racing game, this is not for you. This game is hard, but it's a good kind of hard. The kind that rewards you and trains you to become better. If you're looking for a hardcore, futuristic racing game and you're up for the challenge, I think you will enjoy Quantum Rush Champions. I sure have."
,Not Recommended,317440,12605160,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,M_W,"Those F-Zero and Wipeout fans looking for a decent PC fix should look elsewhere at this point in development. Though the engine is stable, nice-looking, and generally very functional, there is little depth or challenge to the movement physics, leaving even casual fans I've introduced the game to playing dull, easy races. Though I certainly applaud the developers for trying something new, the addition of heat tracking, a permanent rapid-fire weapon, and the ability to pick up and store three weapons instead the traditional one adds little to the game as they are currently implemented, instead cluttering what has proven to be a very focused and effective formula in other series.My experience playing a number of Wipeout and F-Zero games has colored my opinion, without question, but the fact of the matter is GameArt Studio are making a game in a subgenre that has produced some of the best racing games ever created, and that's hard to live up to, no matter who you are. Unfortunately, the current state of the game, though technically solid, lacks a focused enough design to make an impression, not only in the hovercraft-racing subgenre, but the racing genre as a whole. I would be more than willing to give future builds a second chance if the design moves toward expanding unexplored elements of the genre, instead of the current design, which seems little more than ""What was done before, but with more stuff tacked on."""
,Recommended,317440,14926672,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ExG_(Funky)_Kiwi,"+Really good game, very nice graphics, each circuit has a specific theme with a very detailed environment, some nice change of surfaces, music stick well to each circuit on which they are played, several fairly varied game modes (damage control, courier,...), very long hours of gaming for hardcore players who were to pursue to unlock all the trophies.-Personally multiplayers mode is not mandatory but missed to the others, the difficulty lack of balance and remains high overall.This is still a very good game for me and I do not regret my purchase."
76561198144057137,Recommended,317440,14615669,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ostler,"This was originally written on QR:Online, but since that game was removed I'll re-post this.An excellent Anti-Gravity Racer, QR is well worth picking up. Especially when you consider its indie price tag.For those who insist on drawing comparisons to other games -F-Zero focuses more on speed and wide, flowing tracks, WipEout focuses more on technical tracks with tight handling and narrow roadways. QR is a happy middleground. It feels competitive with F-Zero in terms of pace, but has some more technical tracks that feel more remiscent of WipEout.Gameplay is well paced and deep enough to keep players engaged for a while, without being overly complicated to deter new players. There are plenty of game modes that keep the game varied and interesting. Track variety is still expanding at the time of writting. With over 10 tracks, each of which with a forward and reverse variant, the game is already ahead of most WipEout titles.Control-wise the Racers feel a bit stiff. Other AG Racers tend to have more ice-like vehicle handling but here the vehicles behave like they were superglued to the road. Hopefully this is something that Game Art Studio will address in the future.It's also interesting to note that this games Airbrakes cause the vehicles to rapidly decelerate, which is rare for this sort of game.Racer variety is disappointing. The vehicles are divided by tier, and they plan to have 10 tiers in the finished game, which should be cool. Unfortunately, there are only 3 vehicles per tier to choose from, which just isn't enough variety. Race grids quickly become samey and boring. Compared to any other racing game, 3 Racers is a tiny selection.Keyboard controls are impossible to use, so I strongly recommend using a controller. The Controller configuration is excellent and as a former WipEout player, I found them instantly recognisable.Visually the game is very nice. Nothing amazing, but you'd be hard pressed to complain. When you're flying past scenery at 1,000Km/H or more it doesn't really matter."
76561198136959839,Not Recommended,317440,19819871,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,D_Dorchagraine,"This game was unfinished in many areas. The level graphics are great, the ship graphics are great, the difficulty in playing, controlling the anti grav cars, very challenging. Aiming is also almost impossible as there is no way to lock into a enemy using you're normal guns. The game looked great so I downloaded. It will never be finshed and has been abandoware.I love Quantum Redshift, Powerdrome, and a few others that had similar features. If you want a game like this try buying Distance instead. That game is awesome."
,Recommended,317440,14867743,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,jr.miqell,"I WAS searching for all them long and dusty years to find something similar (+ today's GFX) to<<<F-ZERO >>><WIPE-OUT>....OR THE STAR WARS RACER.....Yet probed only single game, runs smoothly, sensation from speed is palpable. I am going have to dust of some of sixaxis controllers and have a propper GO.Even this game is something you want to have installed at all times- even 5 minutes realax run will do ....in between other game lobby waitlist Q"
,Not Recommended,317440,28085842,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sandwichman,"tl;dr unplayable with bad controls and just bad design all around. Not worth it even if F2P. 0/10.I tried this game again after an extended absence. I do this thing where I stop playing a bad game in hopes that it will get improved by the devs and/or that my opinion (if it's holding me back) will change. On this latest playthrough, neither of those have changed.Relevant to my gameplay: I used the 360 controller only (didn't attempt keyboard, don't think it would be any better).Ultimately I can't write a full review on this because I can't get past the first race. And it's not a problem of skill, though I am not very good at this game. The problem lies with the laggy controls, confusing powerups that do almost nothing, the extreme slowdown when hitting obstacles (or being completely stopped), and the AI players that never hit a side wall or get shot by you (unless you are extrememly lucky).So this current playthrough, I attempted the same 1st race 7 times and my best place was 8th. It falls back on the flawless AI and the maps which aren't designed for travel, they're designed to slow you down and stop you. That's not racing. In fact that's not even gameplay, Especially when you add in that the controls almost always over compensate and only do so after a lag on the input so you don't turn at all when you hit the turn, then you hit the wall, then the overcompensation comes in and you hit the other wall immediately after. So in order to turn, you have to try to turn well before you even get to the turn, then magically stop turning and use the bank breaks to slow yourself down from hitting the inside wall. What?Anyways, this game is going in my crap section since it is virtually unplayable and nothing else about the game has any appeal. It comes down to:*so-so graphics and music*bad racetrack design*flawless AI*unforgiving obstacles*and terrible controls.I admit, I am not good at this game. But from a basic game creation standpoint, the first map should be relatively simple and a tutorial to ease people into the gameplay and controls. This game literally fails at the onset. In fact, even the menu screen is a fail because it's unintuative (other then pressing A or B a bunch of times) and the devs didn't even bother to map the D-pad to navigate the menus. ""Full Controller Support,"" HA!At least I got it on sale and got to sell my steam cards. 0/10"
76561198169229318,Recommended,317440,32143058,Posted: 2 June,all,mrnougat,I have been slogging through this for ages adding miserly points to progress. Now I realise no matter how you improve the AI just simply notches up nullifying any talent you have and stuffing you to the back of the race again or repeatedly blowing you up to stop you in your tracks.   The stats above are wrong I've played this over a hundred hours. I still recommend it as it's a gas in the beginning but a real grinder not much further on.
76561197996945528,Recommended,317440,21259737,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,reaperke,"Excellent, one of the best wipeout clones I've played in years, excellent track design, decent handling, AI is a bit too overpowered at the start"
,Recommended,317440,13123901,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,loquee,"So I played this for a short while and was a little frustrated at first due to the lack of explaination and the boring pickups (Still have no clue what most of them really do, hoping for a steam guide).Since this is Early Access, that is of course understandable and will hopefully be addressed soon.Once I figured it out and proceeded to the next tier it became pretty enjoyable with some highlights already.For the price I can definitely recommend getting this to anybody who ever had fun with older Quantum Rush, wipeout, F-Zero and similar games."
76561198034885238,Recommended,317440,16354821,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blackstar001,I really really like this game. It has the same imerssive feel that the original PS1 Wipeout had. The game is not a clone but I have searched for an antigravity racing game ever since that title. The game is fast. The environments are well rendered.  Most antigravity racing games lack that feeling of the loss of gravity. They feel more like a fast car slamming arouond on a rail. I play NanofabricMW. Good weapons. The bosses are not unbeatable but it takes a large chunk of strategy at times. YOu have to think and act fast. GR8!
,Recommended,317440,15414272,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Great concept (like old F-Zero) but the handling is too poor to make it that enjoyable. I know its a hover game so hover crafts probably shouldn't handle that great-but it take the fun out of it.  Its racing with twisted metal style fighting too, pick up arms along the track but again its hard to steer to hit them (lucky many are on the tracks) and speed-boost pads.I would only recommend if you can get it on sale. Maybe a patch could fix it some.  Its pretty hard even on easy (very overpowered at this point at least so its hard to get into it to get the ball rolling by having any success). Also I only been able to play 4 tracks, hope more open up soon."
76561198005984993,Recommended,317440,13247243,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Larynkir,"Fun game. I'm personally a fan of these racer games like wipeout, it has nice graphics and great ideas behind it. in theroy it should be great game. the only thing is, that it's so godamn hard. for a new player to expect to win, i gota say keep trying cause that's what you'll be doing.I would say, pick this up if you're looking for a challenging game, or just let AVGN review it XD"
,Not Recommended,317440,12584698,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,POROROCA,"GAME CURRENTLY SUFFERS OF SLOW FRAMERATE ON ENDGAME TRACKS AND BROKEN A.I. THAT CANNOT BE BEATEN. THIS HAS NOT BEEN FIXED IN A VERY LONG TIME.It's not Wipeout nor F-Zero, with that out of the way, it's fast. It doesn't look great, it doesn't handle sharply as other hover racers. But damn, it gets fast.Game currently has 7 tiers of racecrafts (each faster than the previous)It has all the classic modes you can imagine, death match, classic race, time attack and it also has a boost race which gets insanely fast.The new batch of circuits and game modes is great but some suffer from significant FPS drops in modern systems that should be able to handle this game without a problem, once you go tier 5 and up, the pace completely changes, circuits are 3 times bigger and have a lot of loops and corkscrews, different paths and obstacles to avoid.Tier 7 reaches the 1800 km/h without boosting.New game modes include a thread the needle checkpoint race, a deathmatch variant with objectives, a package pickup race (whoever picks up more wins) and new varied boss battles.WARNING: GAME IS CURRENTLY BROKEN AND DEVS DON'T SEEM TO CARE AND MOVED ONTO OTHER PROJECTS."
76561197970757842,Recommended,317440,17884218,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,worldorder2000,Reminds me of Wipeout indeed. Fast but not to fast tobe unplayable.Speedy but not as catchy as wipeout which i kept playing.Looks good but no support for UWHD screens 3440x1440 :-(So black borders on the side
,Recommended,317440,18119572,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,nickwarrior5,"A good game that is like F-Zero. A game that is very fact paced and action. I do not recommend this for people who want a casual racing game since this game can be very hard.Pros:-Very fast-Gives you adrenaline when you playing-Different item pickups-All the different things to do for medals are fun with: Boss, Racing, Pickup, Deathmatch.Cons:-Could use some more features-Firing on your ship(or car) need to be close to kill the other's-Does not give you a lot of customization or options for the cars or ships.-Keyboard controlls kind of hard, recommended to use a gamepad.If you can deal with those cons, this game is a very fact, fun game that resembles F-Zero."
,Recommended,317440,18352935,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lime Jelly,"Great fun and a good challenge, any arcade racer fans are going to enjoy the gameplay in this one."
,Not Recommended,317440,14756719,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FEF♠ (But d00ty),"It would help if there was a tutorial. I played it for a bit but I was very confused with what items I was picking up. However, the game itself looks nice (Points for you!) Would I reccomend this to a friend? Unless it was on sale and a bit more fleshed-out, No, but when it gets a tutorial of some kind, then I might change my mind"
76561197997815947,Not Recommended,317440,21508717,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Barkley,"I've only played a couple of races with this game but it was pretty frustrating. Maybe I'm not used to these type of controls, but having to accelerate with A (instead of the right trigger) got me a bit confused at first, but then I just didn't understand what was happening. It was all a bit confusing, opponents are really small, everything goes very fast but you have very few clues as to where to go next (no minimap, few track indications), what weapons do, etc. I'm sorry I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,317440,18523077,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ottomic,"Way too demanding. First places are unreachable if you make the simplest of mistakes, mechanics are confusing, pickups are not explained and are way too easy to miss if you don't fly through right the middle of them.Not very enjoyable at all. Barely recommended. 5/10."
,Recommended,317440,13603855,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shadow the Lugia,like F-zero with guns10/10
76561197993946470,Not Recommended,317440,13556020,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,parlance,"I loved Quantum Redshift and probably played it a lot more than most people. This game is no Quantum Redshift. Poor graphics and overly simplified physics / handling, boring course design with no alternate routes."
,Not Recommended,317440,13746727,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Grit Von Derpfist,"Beautiful game an I do mean very beautiful the sound track is mind numbing good for the setting of the game but.....I can only recommend this if you like seeing even starter classes blast past you like your in a phantom class race in whipeout but your ship is stuck in venom class ship! Even with chaining the speed up points an managing your crafts energy (which by the way is your internal booster/""nitro"" and your SHEILDS! run out of that an your craft's armor is all that keeps you from dieing instantly)It feels like a mashup of F-zero an whipeout but does not quite get the mixture right to brutal on difficulty (F-zero) with the ""speed"" of whipeout but by speed I mean everyone else is still going 2-3x faster than you somehow like a bad case of rubberbanding AI but you just installed the game.I'll keep the game installed now an then but if multiplayer is ever added I'd actually recommend it more since then you would not have to deal with extreme difference in speed/acceleration your enemies have EVEN WHEN YOUR IN THE SAME SHIP!"
,Not Recommended,317440,16317060,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,NicoNeko,just dont even bother with it..
76561198050511370,Not Recommended,317440,16851534,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Araris Valerian,controls could be simpler.
,Not Recommended,317440,13493700,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,12-21-2014Early Access impressionsUnplayableFrame rate drops so heavily even though my rig is above the required system recommendation.
76561198118964314,Recommended,317440,19659869,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,cgr37712,"This game is hard but in a good way. Just remember dont, at the end of a race dont select to repeat your races there are several times where they will give you upgrades just for finishing the race even if you finished last place, so once you have finished a race leave it and they will give you an upgrade (not always but some times) or something and will make it easyer to finish next time. Just keep trying the game is fun. although not as good as wipe out."
,Recommended,317440,16118956,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,VY Canis,"This is a great game.The graphics are probably good, but my build at the moment is not great so I play on lowest settings. There used to be some lag in tracks like Chthonic Crater, but now it is much better. On that note, the devs are really supportive. I asked for optimisation because of this lag, and it was implemented really quickly!The gameplay is also very good. The difficulty is pushed towards the extreme, and a simple thing such as a time trial can take very long. I do not mind this at all, however, as I like a challenge. The gamemodes vary greatly, and go from fun (boss battles, that speed freak mode) to annoying (package collection). The game lasts for a very long time, and it seems like there will be more careers as I have only got up to tier 5 in the first NMW championship.I like the music, but I eventually turned it off after it started repeating and used my own. The crafts handle well, but I'm not so sure on the airbrakes (I use them too much and they slow your craft down a lot). The only time I use the gun weapon is is the death races, so it proves quite useless.Overall, I love this game! Just don't get it if your PC is not great!"
76561198039570430,Not Recommended,317440,25084833,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Raxus,"I love anti-grav racing games, and this has everything right. Everything, except two problems. One, you're flying planes, not anti-grav racecars, but that's nothing compared to how impossible it is to win anything in this. Not ""oh I just need to try harder,"" difficult, but ""okay I did that track perfectly and I'm still ten seconds off the silver medal...""It's too difficult to be fun, and right from the start too. You can't get more than bronze in anything."
