user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,317620,12933680,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Poor Yurik,"This is an early review from a 40k fan that was very disappointed with the first Space Hulk game by these guys.=======I'm pretty early into Ascension right now (Blood Angels/Hard/Sin of Damnation), but based on my experience a few hours into the campaign -- THIS is the Space Hulk game I wanted, and here's why.GraphicsThe immediate obvious upgrade are the visuals. Everything looks remarkably better now. Especially glorious are some of the improved animations. My favorite being the new Genestealer finisher moves; fittingly brutal and memorable ends to our heroes of the Imperium.GameplayTactical options are similarly improved -- and vastly expanded. Think XCom/Jagged Alliance 2 style trade-offs between accuracy and AP, and fine-tuned % chance to hit instead of D6 rolls. Every mission completion will make you feel like a master of calculated risk, instead of a broken peasant berated by the shrieking laughter of the dice gods.Weapons are way more interesting now. Bolters overheat during extended firefights ala Incubation. Melee is now way less of a near-certain death sentence, as it is possible to improve a Terminator's melee skill via leveling and perks. The heavy flamer now has template options which are *excellent* -- you can choose to shoot a long narrow stream of fire, a short wide one, or in-between. Squad customization and leveling is well implemented and a huge plus. With customization and leveling comes a much deeper feeling of ownership and attachment to your every success and disaster. On hard difficulty, I assure you, you will sacrifice your rookies in desperate moves to support and protect your veterans.Campaign and RPG ElementsDid I mention the campaign? No more linear mission list. It's now a branching campaign with random flash missions on the side. Did I say campaign? I meant 3 campaigns. And now your squads can stick together through all 3 campaigns as a persistent force, leveling up and unlocking perks together the whole way through.One last thing I need to mention is probably my favorite improvement --how much faster and fluid the enemy turn is. Now all of your Terminators fire as all of the Genestealers rush you simultaneously. It looks epic and delivers a much more intense payoff when you brace for an assault and hit the end turn button. It's about as far removed as possible from the tedious (and frankly boring to watch) combat resolution of the previous title. It actually feels like combat now.SuggestionsI do have some suggestions for the developer. I want a hotkey for reloading. I want icons over unit cards so I can see who is out of ammo, or has an overheated or jammed weapon. I think the deployment process during mission start should be improved. I want music in the loadout screen. I posted these suggestions in the forum last night. Soon after, in my thread and many others, I saw the developers quickly respond and let us know that suggestions are very welcome, and will be used for internal discussions. That kind of customer interaction should be commended, and it's the main reason why I decided to spend a chunk of tonight writing this review, rather than just playing all night and keeping my excitement to myself.ConclusionOverall there are a ton of changes both big and small that elevate this game far above its predecessor. If you like combat-focused turn-based strategy games, and the idea of spraying alien guts all over the walls of a space derelict sounds like your kind of party, then all I can say is -- the xenos must be PURGED, brothers."
76561197986030621,Recommended,317620,12969397,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,- Danse -,"Total Control's last foray into Space Hulk was a faithful conversion of the board game, and subsequently lauded by existing fans while crushing new players underfoot due to the difficulty. Whichever side of the fence you found yourself on however, it was still a bit soulless. It put the board game on the screen, but beyond that, it didn't exactly push back the boundaries. It also suffered from unfair comparison to X-Com, and received generally middling scores in reviews. A success in my eyes, but a view that pushes me into the minority.Ascension seems to be almost a slap in the face style challenge to those who made those comparisons and criticisms. More RPG elements? Fine. More of an arcade style play? Fine. You want percentages instead of digital dice? You got it. You want to name your marine Susan? Oh hell, if you must! Considering how much I liked the board-faithful game, I was fully prepared to dislike Ascension with all the fan-offence of a true alienated geek.The result is, however ... surprisingly fun.It's a different game - let's get that out of the way immediately. It looks vaguely similar, but plays very differently. So much so, the discount offered to owners of the first game surprises me slightly. It won't quench the angst of the self-entitled few who feel downtrodden by such evil injustice as FC not giving them a whole new game, but it's a welcome gesture.So what's it like?Whereas it does contain the board-game set missions, it cloaks them in much more theatricality, and offers many side-missions to flesh out the story behind each campaign. The missions seem much more connected now. The three campaigns are flavoured for the three Chapters included, the Space Wolves, Ultramarines, and the staple of Space Hulk, the Blood Angels, but you're free to play them with whichever Chapter you prefer.Instead of an unlucky dice roll jamming your stormbolter, weapons now have a rising heat mechanic which prevents unlimited sustained fire, but which also means the first bolt out of your weapon won't result in a jam. It's a nice little touch which evens out the bumps in play and makes your imminent misfortune a touch more predictable, and subsequently allows you to plan for it.There are now deployable items, sensors and the like that emit a revealing pulse, while using a very familiar sound. It adds another welcome level of tactics and evokes a smile at the aural homage.Melee combat no longer seems like assured death. When it does come however, the marine no longer falls over as though someone unplugged his Terminator armour. There are more death animations now, thankfully. The animations all round seem more polished, as indeed does the rest of the game.You'll be surprised to find upon teleporting in that you can't see a great deal. With some exceptions, the Hulk is very, very dark until explored by your marines. Some will complain about this, as it does add an additional level of difficulty to the game. However, it also does what it was most likely intended to do. The game feels much more claustrophobic and oppressive. You don't feel like rushing ahead, because frankly, you don't know what might be out there. Sure, you can see the 'ping' markers for movement, but until you can see exactly how the corridors are laid out, your decision of how to proceed must be a considered one. Now I know what Hicks and Drake felt like, creeping along one step at a time despite having enough firepower to level a small village.The ability to rename and customise your marines adds that little bit of empathy, and makes their death all the more of an event to be avoided. No longer are they replaced by the faceless masses. When Percival the III, space marine sergeant extraordinaire goes down under a hail of genestealer claws, he leaves behind some considerable boots to fill. Hicks Jnr will just have to man-up.There are skills now, allowing you to customise your marines further as they gain experience, assuming you don't get them slaughtered that is, which can still happen. Extra movement is always welcome, as is increased to-hit percentage, or do you want to make a melee powerhouse called Francine?There are loads of nice touches, like the heavy flamer having different patterns, the thermal view through the shoulder-cam, which is generally an improvement over the first game in all ways, and even in-mission goodies to find and collect.So that's some of the good stuff, but is it all worthy of the Emperor? Well ... no, not quite.There are customisation options, certainly, but considering you can have ten marines in the game at once, the options are quickly exhausted. There are not many heads to choose from, so my marines all go with helmets, except the valiant sergeant of course. It stops them all looking like interbred cousins from space. There's a law somewhere that says if you're going to offer customisation options, make them many and varied. If not, there should be.There are some performance issues, especially with framerate when all ten marines are deployed, although FC seem to be already tackling that. Likewise, there are some bugs that have been reported and seem to be receiving due attention.No custom chapter: Other developers have set the bar on this, so high that we almost expect as standard now some type of interface to allow you to design your own chapter from the ground up in honour of the game origins, which was essentially about you tediously painting very expensive figurines and inventing your own chapter if you chose to do so. It's lacking here, which is a shame.Bolter sounds: It's a minor quibble, sure, but in the first game, bolters sounded ferociously chunky as they unleashed a thunderous volley. They now spit and plink. This is likely a case of FC not being able to please everyone. They came under criticism the first time around for the bolters sounding so loud. Damned if you do ...Voice actors: If there's more than one, I'll apologise. ""Vengeance of the Blood Angels"" from 1993 already showed how to do Space Hulk voice acting well. FC could do worse than buy an old Sega Saturn and copy of Vengeance off E-bay, fire it up and check it out. Instead of a load of very distinct voices giving a true sense of a squad in combat, we have the same monotone for all marine responses, and even the briefings. It's not a game-breaker by any means, but it is a missed chance for immersion. It's things like that which elevate a game from good to great.On the whole, it's a fine game, or will be once some of the technical problems are fixed. Is it perfect? No, but my complaints are not deal-breakers, and some are not really complaints, but a list of wishes. It was perhaps released a touch early, but that can be dealt with. If you can live through a few teething problems, and if you're a fan of Space Hulk, or indeed 40k in general, then there is much to enjoy here, which is what I should be doing instead of writing ridiculously long reviews.Back to the Hulk I go, in the Emperor's name, of course."
,Not Recommended,317620,18192391,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Manbeast,"Update January 2016: Looks like at least the most game-breaking bugs have finally been fixed, after 5 months of absolute silence. Unfortunately they didn't release any patch notes so it's anyone's guess right now as to what they actually did and didn't fix.------------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:------------------------------------------------------------------------DO NOT BUY THIS IN ITS CURRENT STATE.Although this game is enjoyable for what it is, the latest patch makes the game unplayable. A fix was promised 4 months ago and then all communication stopped. So far they have not delivered.I will remove this review once (and if) they patch it, so if you're reading this it means it has not yet been fixed. If you recently bought it, try getting a Steam refund."
76561197967171621,Not Recommended,317620,18022478,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,No Trident,"I really like this game. I really do. But i can't recommend it in its current state. Or past state. The problem with Space Hulk Ascension, it is riddled with bugs. Yes alien bugs, but also game breaking bugs that make it impossible to advance in a chapter campaign. And there is no end in sight, no betterment, because the development studio (Full Control) was closed and there is only the janitor left who they condemned to fix it. At least this is the impression given by the fact that with every new build it gets even worse.Do not buy this game! Especially not with this rediculous price tag on it. They want this much cash for a defective product, however support is practically not existent and there is no advisory whatsoever."
76561198021864779,Recommended,317620,12916954,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,datguy13,"This review is for those of you who aren't certain what this game is. There is a great deal of confusion surrounding the two Space Hulk games Full Control have released here on Steam. Hopefully, what I have to say here will dispel some of the inaccuracies and misinformation. I also intend to justify why I recommend this game during the course of the review.Space Hulk: Ascension Edition is a squad-size Turn-based Tactical Strategy game based upon Games Workshop's Warhammer 40,000 tabletop miniatures game and the spin-off boardgame, Space Hulk. In this specific case, that means the central focus of game play will be to command a unit of five to ten individual characters, Space Marine Terminators to be exact, as they progress through a confined map and encounter enemy characters while attempting to meet certain Mission goals. The enemies encountered will be the classic Genestealers and Broodlords that fans of the Warhammer 40,000 game line might be familiar with. As with many TTS games, controlling the environment in Space Hulk: Ascension is just as much a key to victory as killing the enemies that get in your way.Game play is executed by the use of an ""Action Point"" system. Terminators are alloted a certain number of points in a pool(typically 4 to start), and the pool grows larger as characters progress in experience levels based on the influence of special Sergeant characters, skills and each character's Agility Attribute. At the start of each Player Turn, all Action Point pools refill, but in each turn it is key to use this finite resource wisely as Action Points are the means to doing everything, including moving through map squares, using a piece of equipment, reloading a weapon or setting Overwatch to defend a killzone from Genestealer advances.Combat in the game is very straightforward, but has provisions for a number of tactical considerations. During a Player's turn, they can choose from a variety of Ranged attacks which can be as simple as taking a potshot at an enemy, or as complicated as causing a movement debuff or removing Action Points from the targetted enemy's Action Point pool. There are also Melee weapons, but melee combat is much more straightforward and simplified; you either attack, or you defend against an attack. Resolution of combat is based on a Percentile check against a random number generator. Your Terminators will start with a base percentage chance to hit the target, and the base chance will be modified by factors such as skills, type of weapon used, the range (in squares) away from the target and even which Chapter of Space Marine you chose to play the game with. Typically, if you plan appropriately and select your attacks wisely, your characters will be quite successful in destroying their enemies, but as this is a squad-based game, planning appropriately usually means maneuvering multiple units into positions to support one another.So as far as combat is concerned, you decide how complex it becomes for yourself.You can make it as simple as spamming Overwatch and Aimed Shots, or as complicated as using a series of Killzones with Suppression fire and melee Terminators. The key to success is in using the right Terminator for the job, and learning where each of these tactics will be most useful.Included in this game is an individual Character Advancement system which uses a basic experience point reward system. Meeting Mission goals, killing Genestealers, and ultimately just surviving the very deadly environment of the Space Hulk nets each terminator xp rewards, that can increase the level of the character and allow them to upgrade their Attributes and gain access to new Skills that buff combat performance and Weapon Loadouts. This allows for some rudimentary character customization, and is sufficiently streamlined that there are no wasted points while upgrading. The system is simplified, but still provides tactical advantages for the player.Changing gears now, the Graphics of Space Hulk: Ascension are clean and solid. Low-end machines can still play the game and enjoy all of the game play features, but will miss out on the detailed textures of the maps and models, as well as the massive assortment of dynamic lighting effects. Higher-end machines and true Gaming Beast-Rigs will find the game has some very good lighting and special effects which add to the claustrophobic feel of hunting Xenos in the dark, confining, Gothic-based corridors of a Space Hulk. Terminators models themselves can be quite detailed, and even customized prior to entering a Mission with various extra chains, skulls and other bits attached to their armor for aesthetic purposes. This gives a unique feeling of investment to many players, which even further adds to the tension of fighting in the Hulk.Sound quality is good as well, with ambient effects being highly stressed. The roars of distant Genestealers, furtive rustling and the creaking of the Hulk are just some of the small details which enhance the quality of the experience. Add to this the combat sounds of crashing metal against chitin, Bolter-fire roaring across a corridor and the clattering of Terminator armor and you have a very dynamic feel. The only thing missing is a quality music soundtrack to go with it, but as this is written on Release day, it is highly possible that the developer may be adding one in with a patch at some point.Overall, I recommend Space Hulk: Ascension Edition for gamers of any skill level who enjoy a variety of strategy games. The gameplay experience can be tailored to a Casual environment where you play 30 minutes a day, or to a Hardcore Completionist's need to get their Achievement Hardcore-Mode fix. Although some aspects of play can become repetetive, the ability to customize your units and the branching Campaign paths allow for some unique changes of pace that keep the game from going stale. With good graphics and sound, a decent amount of polish at Release (no game is ever bug-free on Launch day), Space Hulk: Ascension is well-worth the investment of $30US."
,Recommended,317620,13092554,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Corpus-Dei,"The original was a direct port of the board game to PC - with all the problems that entails. You can have perfectly good tactics in the board game ruined by a run of shonky dice rolls that results in a ""GG - you win"" (or throwing a strop and chucking the board/pieces in the air and finding Genestealer limbs scattered around the living room for the next six months) - and in the board game, that's fine. However, that doesn't translate well to a computer game, especially in the campaign where outright failure isn't really an option and it just results in frustrating reloads.This is a much more computer-friendly version of Space Hulk - yes the graphics and sounds are better than the previous version but far more importantly it's taken away almost all of the annoyances I had with the previous version; random command points are gone, random Storm Bolter jams on rolling a double are gone (they still jam but in a much more predicatable manner which gets rid of those irritating turns where everybody seems to jam, all the time), they've put a ""Load Game"" option into the quick-menu accessible during the game (previously you'd have to quit to the main menu to reload which was an unecessary pain in the a***)... hell, even Lightning Claws aren't necessarily a complete death sentence now.Also added are some RPG-lite elements - hits work on a percentile based system rather than dice rolls so as your marines gain experience you can train up their Ballistic skill (for example, there are six skills in all) so they have a better chance of hitting.In basically every way, this is a better game than the previous version (I don't even mind the removal of the tactical map).Is it perfect? No.While there are 3 parts to the campaign (3 hulks, one for each Chapter available basically) the campaigns are not significantly different. The missions are pretty samey and it doesn't take full advantage of the fact that it's not constrained by being a board game - for example, they removed the tactical map so you don't know the exact layout of the level... OK, fine. However one set of missions revolves around retreiving a C.A.T. unit, which is a little droid that potters around mapping the hulk - they could have used that to activate a tactical map once you'd retrieved it. There are a few missed opportunities like that.Other than that the voices are repetitive and some of the graphics (especially the character cards) lack polish, but this isn't a Triple-A title so I can forgive that.Like the previous version, this isn't going to be a game for everyone. It's still Space Hulk; a fairly slow paced, tactical take on one aspect of the Warhammer 40K universe. However, if you like Space Hulk this is a really good computer translation of the game and well worth the ~ £20 shelled out for."
76561198090322645,Recommended,317620,12957777,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Karl Power,"This game is really enjoyable and finally makes Space Hulk addictive. It is extremely satisfying to level up your favourite, personally named and customized Terminator and give him the equipment you deem appropriate for smashing slimy Genestealers in the name of the almighty Emperor. Many reviewers have recommended the game, I do as well.However, there are various shortcomings which make it seem as if the game were either finished in a hurry or still in beta stage.- level design seems not too well thought through. Some later levels are ridiculously easy, others are very hard.- there is no voiceover in the mission briefing, and numerous typos; the whole storyline seems rather rudimentary (""go there, kill all genestealers""). There are also logical errors, for instance, you meet Broodlords way before the ""New Genestealer type (=Broodlord) encountered, find genetic sample""! mission. This lack of a compelling storyline is a pity because the Warhammer world offers some fascinating narrative, doesn't it!- there is only one voice for all your Terminators.- the in-game manual doesn't really explain much. Combat mechanics? Weapons? Functions of Terminator stats? You get some very basic info, the rest is left to your imagination. For instance, the Stormbolter and the Combi-Bolter have different accuracy stats, apparently, but I have no idea why and how they differ. And how does Genestealer poison work? The developers leave this shrouded in mystery.- the set-up zone markers don't disappear after the initial set-up. Instead, all through the mission, they glow obnoxiously green and pulsate. This can get incredibly annoying on those maps where there are lots of possible set-up positions. Combined with other lighting effects and numerous eye candy, this means that- the entire screen is constantly glowing, pulsating, displaying special lighting effects and command auras etc. to a degree where you can't see what's actually going on and where your Terminators are facing (aside from these effects, the game is incredibly dark). This is especially nasty because- your unit markers and their stats description are tiny. It is quite hard to discern which unit is on overwatch, etc. Moreover,- the special effects fireworks totally ruins the framerate; big maps with lots of set-up-zones (see above...) and two squads of Terminators are a stop-and-go nightmare. If the Emperor knew, he'd send his Inquisition!- your main weapon, the Bolter, sounds like an automatic BB gun- the ""End Turn"" button is positioned exactly at the spot where Steam displays a message when one of your Steam buddies enters a game. If like me you have lots of buddies, you'll occasionally have a hard time ending a turn, because buddy xy is once more starting ""Euro Truck Simulator"" and you can't click the ""End Turn"" button!- ""Next Mission"" Bonus items actually apply to the current mission (the one they were found in)- I'm quite sure that Genestealers with 6 AP can move 7 tiles.There are other design decisions which will be appreciated by many gamers. I find the following, however, to be less than optimal:- there is no ""undo move"" option. I find this a real downside as the controls are fiddly and you occasionally end up moving a Terminator where you didn't want him to move.- you can't see the whole map and its tiles; you have, so to say, fog of war. Given that the entire game is incredibly dark (apart from the abundant lighting effects mentioned above), you often simply have no idea what is five or eight tiles away from your Terminators. Genestealer entry points? Air ducts? Good luck finding where they are.- the flamethrower has a minimum range of two tiles. Certainly, many have lauded the new firing options for the flame thrower, and they were right in doing so; you can e.g. shoot a long line of flame (nice for long hallways) or a T-shaped pattern (nice to get around corners). However, Space Hulk is a game which forces you to fight in extremely confined spaces, and having in these circumstances a minimum range for your flamethrowers greatly reduces their versatility. Holy Emperor, the flamethrower is a short-range weapon, isn't it? How dare you give it a minimum range? It is therefore always a good idea to give your heavy weapons guys some melee skill.- the flamethrower's fire only lasts for the enemy's turn. This reduces its strategic value to block the way for the Genestealers, it is more easy for you to proceed however.All in all: fantastic Beta - when do we get the final version?"
76561198006582789,Recommended,317620,14697720,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Muertington,"Edit: 27-01-2016A new series of fixes have been released and seems the game bugs are being repaired at last.Praise The Techpriests.End of edit: 27-01-2016Review:Do you like Alien and Aliens, to feel like Gorman giving crappy commands from the safety of the APC while his men got killed fighting their way out of the alien nest?Do you like Games Workshop tabletop games and have an open mindset about a pc game not being identical to its tabletop counterpart and you are not a graphic vvhore who will complain because the texture in that hidden surface noone else would notice doesnt have a bazillion pixel resolution?Like Turn Based Strategy,  slow paced gameplay with a cup of tea at 3:00 in the night?If the answer is yes, buy this game.Highly recomended, and its hard and im not even deep into the first campaign and already regret not having acquired it earlier.Edit:Would like to add some clarifications about Space Hulk Ascension for those undecided:In this game you will lead one or two squads of Terminators in a series of engagements in opressive and dark corridors aboard abandoned ships. you will have to keep your men together, advance together, make good use of opportunities, keep a constant watch of your flanks (being exposed = being dead).Your men will level up (max level is 10) and unlock a series of skills, gear and weapon access. Its nothing too deep but it is OK, you can play with builds, try to go full melee, range specs, mixed with psychic or medic support, etc (here is when the ""racial"" traits of each chapter come in handy).The game offers a small but very interesting amount of weapons to customize your men, each with its own pros and cons, altough their descriptions might seem misleading at first.The difficulty levels can be customized but you wont get achievements if you select a custom difficulty.Regarding the DLC packs: they are not mandatory to enjoy the game but they enhance it a lot by adding 3 long new campaigns and 3 more or less interesting chapters (with some new specializations and weapons) to an already good game.If overall you are enjoying the base game and like the Warhammer universe they are a recomendable purchase.I guess im missing some important stuff but hope this little edit helps to enlighten a bit.End of Edit.Btw, the game looks amazing and has enough customization options for the terminators. Its a turn based strategy game, not an mmo to stand afk looking good with some cosmetic items in the city capital of Dorkland online.May The Emperor forgive me for having Mordheim City of the Damned labelled as favourite game instead of Space Hulk Ascension, but these two titles are probably my favourite turn based games, ever."
,Recommended,317620,14635097,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Andy Prime,"So now that I've played this game over 60 hours and finished all campaigns twice(except DLC ones), I think it's time to share my opinion on it, since very few of my friends have bought it.Many people think that Ascension is just some expansion for the ordinary SH with some niceties here and there, but it's not just it imo. It had gone far from the tabletop game and has a lot of new elements, that fit perfectly.I'd say it's a well done sequel, and its gameplay entertains me much more, than the original(tabletop is fine, but it was quite boring in PC version, never could make myself play more than 1 mission in a row).So what we have here:1) Fully customizable squad in terms of weapons and appearance. Different heads, bodies, holy symbols and all that. You can give every terminator a name of your choosing.2) Weapons with different stats and mechanics. Combi-flamer, combi-melta, combi-plasma, melee weapons from chainfist to thunder hammer and lightning claws, they all have different bonuses and have their own uses.3) XP and level system. Your terminators gain XP for completing mission and killing enemies, and when you gain a new level, you unlock new weapons, new perks(skills), new equipment like mines and power field generators and raise one of their 6 stats. This allows for building your team in your own unique way. I enjoy this RPG elements very much.Also, terminators are divided into several classes: melee, ranged, heavy, librarian, sergeant. They all have access to weapons, exclusive to their class, and they all gain perks in different way.4) 45 missions in 3 campaigns, not counting the random(flash) missions. The game doesn't look as repetitive as the previous installation of the tabletop. Various tyranid enemies make the gameplay more interesting in a long run, it's not just standard GS and Broodlord in the original. Here you have debuffing genestealers, exploding genestealers, MK Scorpion-like(""Come over here"") genestealers. It's fun!Well, I guess that pretty does it. All that is left to say is one thing the devs screwed up with: MELEE COMBAT.Forget the melee. Never build your strategy relying on melee advance. It's a fawkin' roulette. I say it as a player who chose Space Wolves for my first playthrough(they are ""decent"" melee fighters, but poor shooters and don't have Ranged class terminators at all, which is a HUGE disadvantage). It was painful and I walked through hell of save\load game since I hate to lose my characters.P.S. Always take a librarian in a squad. ALWAYS."
76561197980852821,Recommended,317620,13427684,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,GShock,"Good recreation of the SH boardgame, surprisingly good actually.The community asked for difficulty tweaks and the team answered with a patch that gave full customization, a new DLC and plenty of bugfixes and other tweaks.This means: the game is good, the DEVs listen to the community, hence this game is a worthy investment."
76561197985072747,Recommended,317620,13704424,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Games Workshop Sci-Fi Board Game ConversionI have played the original Space Hulk and was unsure whether to invest in this game also. All I can say is I am glad I did. It appears the developers have learnt from the first game that a straight board game conversion needs some tweaks to make it more fun on for the average PC gamer. Gone are the random bolter malfunctions and now if you fail it is more down to bad tactics and not just being very unlucky at the wrong time. Don't get me wrong there will still be instances you have to re-load within a level to avoid a bad timing incident. You now get persistent upgrades for your Terminators, which makes it feel more like a squad based RPG. I have lost some men on the way and on normal mode they are replaced with equivalent levels, so you don't feel you have to re-load everytime you let a man die (Hooray for casulties of war, shame there are no records of them like XCom and Cannon Fodder). The Genestealers themselves now have different mutations making them a more interesting threat, e.g. some burst into acid, whilst others are just tougher to kill. There are three chapters included each with their own campaign and there are optional and alternative routes to complete each one. Basically this is Space Hulk the sequel, and it is a lot more Aliens than Alien vs Predator."
76561197975141285,Recommended,317620,12915726,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Skabb,"While I dont have THAT many hours in the game, I have played the ""original"" (recent) spacehulk (and for that matter the 1993 PC game and the tabletop game) and think its fair that I be able to offer a comparison. So I will :D.First off, the 2013 Space Hulk was a digital version of the tabletop game. Die rolls, bad luck ruining everything, the whole nine yards. This was known, this was intended. The game was a bit boring, unfair, and it didnt receive much acclaim. So the Devs, much to their credit, took it to the fans and asked: ""well if you didnt like it, what would you like?"" Gamers being gamers, they answered and the devs actually listened.Space Hulk: Ascension is what we wanted and its what they finally gave us. The game is much more in line with other tactical strategy games. The entire rule system has been reworked for a more immersive RPG tactical experience. Less games ruined due to bad ""rolls"", character progression, more enemy types, more weapons, more chapters, more storylines, more missions, character customiztion, etc. THIS IS NOT A MOD LIKE, SLIGHT TWEAKING OF THE GAME. Even the lighting has been improved. Yes some of the missions and story have been carried from the 2013 release but you are now playing them with a squad that you built, customized and care about; fighting new enemy types with your new weapons. This is Space Hulk as it ""should"" have been (my humble opinion of course).In conclusion, if you like Warhammer 40k and/or Space Hulk but werent impressed by the 2013 release, then you really owe it to yourself to let this game redeem the franchise."
,Not Recommended,317620,17814909,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Minitrue,"I've selected a non recommendation for this game, but it's more complex than that - this is a game that falls in between the recommend and do not recommend.Largely based on what has come before, Space Hulk Ascension is a tweak of the core Space Hulk system ( the board game ) which sees a bunch of heavily armoured and armed marines clomping around the claustrophic innards of a Space Hulk whilst fighting off assaults of suicidal bugs. If you don't know what Space Hulk is, then I'd recommend you check that out. Here I am just going to concentrate on the differences between Ascension and vanilla Space Hulk.1 ""Atmosphere"". Someone designing this game obviously thought that making Space Hulk darker would fit with its grimdark background. Let's make Space Hulk again, but turn off more lights you can imagine the art director said. And so it is. Ascension level design is dark. With something of a fog of war that means you can't figure out what the map is like. From a narrative point this is interesting and somewhat realistic. From a turn based strategy game design point of view that has its roots in precise tactical placement and weighing up pros and cons of a given course of action it's a bit of a disaster. All too often a level won't be obvious until you've played through it once, or, you've played it, walked up a blind alley, realised that doesn't go anywhere and had to clomp painstakingly back again. Space Hulk here has been turned into part furious claustrophic futuristic combat game, and part Discovering and Exploring the Broom Cupboard Simulator game. All too often your elite, serious, deep gravelly voiced marines will find themselves in the supplies closet. With a mop. And some cleaner. Brother Sergeant, I believe this bottle of Vim and cleaning mop apparatus indicates we have gone the wrong way...So the atmosphere depends on what you take from a Space Hulk game. For those that really like the board game I suspect that the dark don't know where you are going aspect will just be downright frustrating. Apparently the mission planner can tell you where to go and what buttons to press, but is clueless about the passageway in between. OK !2 RNG - The Random Number Generator. Space Hulk has always had a very active RNG. But that's not to say it's hopelessly random. Space Hulk is about calculating your odds, managing risk, and getting a good cross fire to cover the risks. Ascension has this. But it's also been tweaked. The RNG has been increased - some weird stealer variant can pop out of an air vent, be immune to attacks and just kill one of your guys straight off the bat. There's no real way you could have planned for it. There's no way you could have known it. And whether it happens or not is just whether the RNG spawns one of the things there or not. So. You lose control of your destiny. In game design terms, injecting random elements into the players path like this is a Bad Thing. Players feel like they have less and less say in what's going on, and ultimately people just can't be bothered to play because it's a hot mess of random. You can go check out the design implications of this on any number of serious board game design threads.So Ascension decides to throw some random uncontrollability at us. It also makes that uncontrollability sting even more because your marines get to experience up, you invest time and effort in them, only to have the game randomly cull them for you later on. A succint model of life. But not a good game experience.More often that not, at this point, you can reset the game, try again, and this time the RNG spawns something else and hey presto, no random instadeath for something you couldn't mitigate.In many ways this is like trying to play a roleplaying game where a 10 year old is the GM. You will at times suddenly die in random hideous ways through no fault of your own, because the GM thought it would be funny.3 Tweaking the stats. So the stats have had a nudge. Now it matters more if your guy prefers melee or not. Or maybe you've levelled them up as a sharp shooter. By and large the stat changes haven't been altered enough to make that much of a difference. The core balance of the original Space Hulk is still here and is by and large intact. So the tweaks just add a layer of chrome to the existing ruleset - and do not fundamentally adjust ( or break ) them.Other than that all thingss said Ascension is basically Space Hulk. With perhaps more twisty corridors than you remember.Whether you like the game or not depends on whether you are ok with random uncontrollability, like the idea of a narrative fog of war, let's walk pointlessly down a dark corridor, and whether you like looking at a screen that is 90% black all the time.If you are a big fan of the board games I suspect this game is going to annoy you. The changes have been made without proper playtesting or understanding of how it changes the fundamental aspects of the game. Space Hulk, via luck or judgement, is a game that has outstanding balance and replayability and has been playtested to death over the course of the better part of 3 decades. It is therefore not surprising when some Johnny come lately Video game designer comes along and applies some ""Awesome Cool Tweaks"" and ends up breaking some of the subtle and sublime balance.If you haven't a clue about the board games, but perhaps like 40k, then this game is going to be much more palatable - because it has no prior expectations to live up to, and the sight of big clompy marines wandering around is enough to get your juices flowing.For me personally, the game is a great model for what a bad designer can do to a good game. Or to put it another way. Video game designers know zip all about good game design ( but they do a mean line in Kapow, Splat, Kaboom, In game Purchases, and pointless character level ups )Caveat Emptor !"
,Recommended,317620,16001012,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Apsalar,"***WARNING CAMPAIGN MAY REQUIRE WORKAROUNDS TO COMPLETE***Forget the power of progress and understanding, for in the grim dark future there is only war.  There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter, and the laughter of thirsting gods.Space Hulk: Ascension is a truly wonderful game based in Games Workshop's Warhammer 40,000 setting.  The setting, along with its sister Warhammer fantasy world, reached its height of popularity in the late 80s and early 90s.  Both worlds had as their primary manifestations tactical tabletop wargames using handpainted miniatures.  There were also pencil-and-dice RPGs and numerous other tabletop games, including Mordheim and Warhammer Quest.  For me it all culminated in 1989, with the near-simultaneous release of Space Hulk and the now legendary Bolt Thrower album 'Realm of Chaos.'  The game was exciting and unpredictable, even scary, and the music was glorious.  I fell in love with the Warhammer 40k setting.So you can imagine my delight when Space Hulk was first released for PC.  Unfortunately the initial release was ultimately a too-perfect translation of the tabletop game and did not hold up well as a satisfying video game.  The revamped Space Hulk: Ascension, on the other hand, is in my opinion the most faithful representation of the experience of the WH40k universe ever developed for computer gaming.Mighty battlefleets cross the demon-infested miasma of the warp, the only route between distant stars, their way lit by the Astronomicon, the psychic manifestation of the Emperor's will.In SH:A the player controls squads of Adeptus Astartes- genetically engineered superhuman Space Marines- who are tasked with reclaiming city-size battleships that have been...corrupted...by their passage through the warp.  Nothing human has survived and the huge, dark ships are infested with the shifting, protean monsters known as genestealers.  The ship interiors are characterized by dark, dingy, metallic corridors lit by occasional blood-colored emergency lights and the glare of he Astartes' headlamps.  The sound design is superb in this regard: the whining of the ancient Terminator armor suits, the clanging of metal grates and tiles, the oppressive echo of bolter fire against the too-close bulkheads, the static of the Marines' voices over the vox channel...and the lunatic chitter and clatter of genestealers just outside of sight.  It's brilliant.  The view is 3/4 overhead but the claustrophobic nature of the situation is still palpable.  There is never enough room to do the thing that would work best.  It's a constant game of making the best out of a horrifying situation.Change for the Change God. Hear the Symphony of the Warp.All Is Dust.The most significant change from the first Space Hulk PC game is the integration of RPG elements into SH:A.  It's still a squad-based, objective-centric tactics game. But now your Astartes earn xp from kills and objectives, and, though growth is slow, the careful distribution of skill points is essential to success later on.  Change to live, adapt to your environment- or die.  The default settings include permadeath, and you will be losing many Astartes forever, sometimes ones you've spent many hours developing.  This is an accurate depiction of the brutal nature of the WH40k universe generally and of the honor among Astartes specifically.  When a Marine falls, he asks only that he be avenged.  The key is to fight back against the forces of Chaos that threaten always to swallow the Empire. You can switch off permadeath, and then your fallen warriors will be available for future missions, but will not earn any xp for the mission in which they fell (and nobody else will get the xp for their kills, it's just lost).  Either way tension is high and sweat will bead on your brow every time you press 'End Turn.'I could probably talk about this game and its setting for hours on end...but I will show mercy and cut to the chase.I'm not sure I'm capable of the level of detachment necessary to give this game a number rating, because the base game and the world beyond are so close to my heart.  That being said, the game is well-balanced and difficult, and gameplay is enthralling and nail-biting, and victory is glorious.  So, highly recommended to any lover of tactical or turn-based gameplay, as well as lovers of dark space opera or space horror genres.  Despite its difficulty it's a good place to start your WH40k journey if you're new to the setting.The DLC add quite a bit to the game. Each one adds a new playable Astartes Legion (every legion has different skills and units) and an entire new campaign.  You can play any Legion you own through any of the campaigns, which makes for enormous replayability.  But there's really no point in purchasing them until you've played through the base campaigns with the base Legions.Avenge me, my brothers!No Drama, Just Reviews"
76561198038223013,Recommended,317620,13163922,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BrakeCheck,"I am big fan of everything 40k and loved the first space hulk they brought out. If you have the original one and were not a fan of the RNG'nes of the dice rolls, Then Ascension will be a pleaseant surprise for you.Shooting, Overwatch and Close Combat is no longer done with dice rolls and instead with a percentage chance to hit.Which in my opinion is a good fit as the percentage will get higher over time whe you use skills and find weapon upgrades inside crates during levels. This, along with customisation of your terminators, makes your squad feel bad♥♥♥♥♥compared to the rookie squad that you will end up neglecting ( unless you play the harder difficulties anywas).The nice thing about all this is that even if you have an excellent team and don't save scum, 1 wrong move and you're bound to lose one of your guys.The graphics have gotten a noticable overhaul compared to the original. The lighting is alot better, Excellent shadows (better then some AAA games i've seen) and the visual effects are without a doubt much better.Time for the bad part I guess, If you've read anything about the game, people are saying it runs at a really low frame rate or that the menu is basically a slide show cause it's poorly optimized, I say to them that they need to stop blinking so fast. My frame rate is over 60 fps and drops to about 30-40 with fire everywhere, dead bodies and everybody on overwatch with the sight cones active. So as you can tell, that's not the bad part cause fps doesn't make the game unplayable.. Even at 10-20fps. What does is the part where if you equip your heavy terminator with a cyclone missile launcher you can't click on him, to move him, shoot, overwatch, nothing. Tiem to restart the level it is. Started again, same thing, reset the game, same thing. The cyclone missiles just plane bug the game out (at least for me anyway)...Then later in the Ultramarine campaign, )Im guessing really close to the end.) I have my squad with combi-flamers and it was running fine. All of a sudden I could't move, click on anyone to do anything with them. Not sure if it's an isolated case due to the fact that apparently nobody has had any time to write about it anywhere cause they still insist on complaining about a frame rate issue that seems fine to me. Time to restart my entire campaign and see if it happens again.Anyways, Would I recommend this game? Hell yes. (if you like 40k)Great graphics, Gameplay, Fun to play (despite the no multiplayer and game breaking bugs).But all in all it's a fantastic game make by what seems to be people that love what they do and put some actuall effort into thier work ulike some... wont mention names. *cough* ubisoft *cough*Keep up the good work guys and fix my damn missile launchers :)"
76561198133204925,Recommended,317620,32542605,Posted: 18 June,all,johnrx,"This is a transfer from board game to pc. Turn base tactic W40k game with Space Marines chapters fighting inside Space Hulks (each campaign is about one Space Hulk destruction). We have also some rpg elements. Our terminators are geting experience and gaining access to new abilities and weapons. Unfortunately (for me) enemies also gets higher levels when our team between missions ranks up. Because of that my big plan to go for 100% melee went sideway.Each campaign takes quite some time to finish. With all addons it took me around 240 hours to finish all missions. I had to go each campaign twice, because I wanted to finish all available mission for achievement and during them You have to choose one of two paths of missions and You can't finish them later. I didn't make only one achievement which is killing 40k Genestealers and I finished all campaigns having only half of it.Anyway I played all available chapters and concentrate on range weapons. Here is a hint. There are sometimes side missions. During them there is optional one case to open. There is a chance that from it You will gain permament bonus to one of basic weapons (and only basic ones). After many missions my most powerful weapon was basic Storm Bolter (with many bonuses :)).There are couple of different kind of missions, but basically it comes to kill everything, protect something for couple of minutes or reach certain destination.Graphics is not anything special, but You do not need such in this kind of games."
76561198002567771,Recommended,317620,13018044,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"Space Hulk Ascension is a re-do of the old Space Hulk boardgame (Available as a directly ported video game on steam as well) which seeks to create a more video game-like experience by increasing the amount of action and changing game mechanics to fit better as a videogame rather than as a boardgame.However, it has problems. While it seems that each of the changed mechanics work on their own, it does not quite come together as a single whole game. At times this can make it frustrating or annoying to play as nearly nothing is explained of these new mechanics. Coupled with an UI that has many flaws, I would call it slightly messy.But it's still pretty decent, the devs are paying attention to it and the steam forum, and they are clearly trying to fix all the bugs and to improve the user's experience.Sadly, it feels like that they rushed through or skipped playtesting entirely. I encountered several bugs and many oversights. Most of which are based on not giving the player vital information or in a complete lack of explanation as to whats going on. Examples include a hidden fail condition(3/10 marines dying on a specific mission autofails it), missing information on your inventory(Objective specific items not shown, gear stats not shown), and little explained on game mechanics. You will feel powerless and like your choices do nothing until you figure out how things work.For those who do not know Space Hulk, it is a turn based tactical game in which space marine terminators (From Warhammer 40k) enter a space hulk(Large drifting mass of ships and debris fused together). They then encounter tyranid Gene-stealers(Aliens with sharp armour piercing claws) and go through the space hulk as the first force to enter and go to the most dangerous places. You're not alone. There's a main force behind you, but you're the first in, always in the dangerous parts, and the last one out.You will control a squad(Up to two ingame) of these terminators during a mission and achieve objectives, and preferably not die.The basics:The marines are in big, slow, cumbersome terminator armour, but have guns that will be able to shoot a lot of xenos and occasionally jam. The genestealers are fast, deadly in melee and have superior numbers.The marines have to move through a level to complete their objectives, and the genestealers have to stop them.It's an interesting take on tactical turn based combat and worth taking a look if you're interested.Differences from the original, since the store page doesn't list it in detail:Bolter jamming - No longer chance based, it's now based on how often it fires and the chance it gets to cool down. 10 shots in a single turn will overheat it and force a jam. (Personally I feel this only really removes a lot of tension, but it does make them consistent)Distance bonus/penalty - A simple change, long range shots get a penalty applied to them. Short range gets you a bonus. Sadly missing is an option to tell your marines not to shoot at too high ranges, which can potentially jam their bolter with xenos right around the corner ready to jump them.Different fire modes - Burst fire, aimed shooting, and suppression. They all have their uses, though they cost two action points as opposed to one. I'm not sure if +10% to hit from the special aimed shot is as valuable as just shooting again. Burst fire is great at opening doors and killing broodlords though. (Note: For fans of the old Space Hulk, you can shoot doors while walking to them in this one as well. There is no button for it and its never mentioned ingame, but a marine gets a free shooting action every move action. You'll have to manually tell him to shoot after every tile though. Xenos are automatically shot after a move if possible)Items in some maps - Missions marked with a lightning icon have items in them. These can range from completely useless junk that gives you a +16% chance to hit on meelee for one mission, to a relic that will seriously boost your marines for the rest of the game. Currently appears bugged to have the 'next mission' bonus stuff apply to the mission you picked it up in.RPG elements - Your marines level up, and you can increase their stats. Pretty standard stuff. They are:Weapon skill: Your ability to hit the xeno threat with your meelee attackRanged skill: Ability to hit at rangeAgility: Actions per turnPerception: Range at which your terminators can detect xenos. Note: The game doesn't tell you this, but your perception is apparently used to determine how far away you get your ranged bonus/penaltyToughness: While there is no health bar or lives and a single hit kills a marine, toughness reduces the chance for a xeno to score a hit on their attacksFocus: Psi power points and resistance to psi attacksProgression - A double edged sword. You might like to see your marines grow in power slowly over the game. Or they could die and you're left facing large amounts of deadly xenos with just a bunch of rookies. Most of the good gear is also level locked for some reason.If you play on hard you'll have to re-level a marine from level 1 if they died. Which can leave you with a team of rookies against the best xenosMelee was changed from the original - You can no longer spend AP on guard to get a reroll on your melee should it fail. This was offset by making a tie be a terminator victory. Personally I've found that this means melee is faster but also completely unreliable in every way. Warning! The meelee percentage you get when you think about hitting a genestealer is not your chance of victory. It's your chance of hitting that genestealer with your one dice. If he hits both of his dice, he will still win and kill your marine. Ultimately this means that meelee is usually suicide. On the bright side, even the greenest rookie will score a hit on a broodlord if he can flank the thing as flanking is now always an instant-success.Lights and darkness - The map is really dark. As your marines walk into a room the lights in that room turn on and will stay on. This is very well done and atmospheric when it works, however it often means you're watching darkness seemingly randomly erupt into red clouds during your overwatches. Your marines can see in the dark, and they're not telling you what they see in there.Sometimes it's also a bit too dark to see where the wall stays a wall and where it becomes a ventilation shaft.It's nice looking and all, but if I have to resort to asking my librarian where he can place a forcefield to see where I can actually walk in areas that I already went through there is something wrong.Blips - Now one blip you see is one genestealer. You don't know what kind it is, just that it's there.Genestealer variation - Now with more kinds of genestealer! Sadly, it seems all the new ones exist purely to punish meelee marines, with extra sharp claws for even more attack, acid clouds on death so they can suicide bomb you, and what seems to be an unavoidable weakening attack makes it so that anyone even considering melee is harshly punished. If you weren't considering melee, that's okay. They have a flesh hook to pull you into it. Broodlords(Big guys, you'll recognise them when you see them) are much more plentiful now than before, but also easier to take down. Instead of being hard to kill monsters as they were before, now they just take more hits to bring down.All of these seem to appear only later in the game, so you don't need to worry too much early on.In the end, it's alright. It's an interesting take on Space Hulk that appears very rough around the edges and has some poor flaws that really stand out. It has a lot of potential however.So my advice: Wait a few weeks and then check it to see if it has been patched, if it hasn't, then wait a few more weeks. I am recommending it because it does in fact seem to be worked on, so hopefully we will see it updated and polished soon."
,Recommended,317620,13796935,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Krolmar,"After first Space Hulk from Full Controll I was quite pessimisitic with this new title. But Ascension is much better, more polished, better animations and graphic, rpg elements, campaign with persistent squad, 4 chapters to choose from, equipment, more balanced gameplay.I can only recomend this turn based strategy game."
76561197999399886,Recommended,317620,31502521,Posted: 2 May,all,winters310190,"Positioned on terminator incorrectly. Entire squad decimated by hideous Genestealers. Second squad positioned perfectly. Two guns jam on overwatch. Second squad torn apart by filthy aliens. Reminds me why I always wanted to be the genestealers in the board game. One tiny mistake as the marine player can cost you the entire game but let's face it as frustrating as that is, it's what the board game was all about. A real homage to the original with decent graphics to boot. Atmosphere is incredible. Buy this game. Purge the alien. And be absoloutely terrified whilst you do it.For the Emperor !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,317620,23478381,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Its Gankdalf,"This game is good. But its one of those grab a mug of coffee, sit down, and pretty much be prepaired to spend about 5 hours each time you play it. I love stratagy games and i like warhammer 40k etc. Space hulk has a great concept. There isnt much story but the missions are pretty much your story. The game lets you write your own story of your battlebrothers inside the space hulk. Each mission is about 30 mins or so, its turn based so if youve played xcom you will love this. The terminators are very customizable from weapons to equipment to apearence. Overall this game is one of my favorites. Im a fanatic for stratagy games and this game is good. Its worth buying in my eyes."
76561198068184844,Recommended,317620,13086527,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,The Crushinator,"An absolutely stellar game, and a fine update from the previous edition!I'll admit, I wasn't terribly enthused about the first iteration of Space Hulk, even with all the DLC.  But with Ascension, we have everything the original was crying out for--and more!The character progression is very well done--rather than simply gaining hit points and killing power like in nearly every other game, upgrading your terminators makes them more versatile--faster, more accurate, and most importantly, more options for equipment.  One solid hit from a Genestealer still kills, making you have to use your newfound abilities to plan better, rather than simply muscling your way through.And by making the Genestealers more varied, it adds a new level of tension to the game.  I'll never forget the first time I got cocky and blew apart a nearby alien, only to find myself minus one teammate when the creature unexpectedly exploded into a pool of acid.You know you've made a tactical strategy game right when ""mage"" type characters are used for more than firepower.  I love blowing apart swarms of monsters just as much as anyone, but nine times out of ten, I found myself having my Librarian put up a barrier rather than kill several enemies, as it was the sounder tactical move.  Doling this of my own volition in a game like this speaks volumes of its quality.All in all, this is one of the finest games I have ever put my fingers to.  I can find no fault in its execution, no issue with its mechanics, and other than screaming at my own stupidity when one of my teammates is butchered before my eyes, I have never found myself becoming angry at the game or any aspect of it.  11 out of 10!!!"
76561198082959567,Recommended,317620,30498195,Posted: 13 March,all,BurgerKrieg,"It's OK. It runs OK and looks OK. Not in the same league as X-com. The game is much shallower, but can still be entertaining if you are into turn based strategy. ""Ascension"" is an upgrade of sorts to the Space Hulk game that appeared on PC and mobile and while back but with a progression system tacked on, which is a welcome addition.There are some annoying aspects to the game that are due to lazy development, the rules for instance are not explained as you play, likewise, weapons you need to look up in the manual. This leads to trial and error flavoured irritation and character deaths. Which will mean you abort the mission and reload as there is no way you will survive using a new recruit. All very clunky by today's standards.There are a few problems, like Gene stealers moving diagonally through a flamed square on a doorway despite it being blocked. These may seem like small niggles but if a game can last an hour and failure comes down to something like the above then that is seriously frustrating. Couple this with a one slot save system that is like something from 1992 and the cons start to build up.If you can deal with that and love Space Marines then it is worth getting as its a decent simulation of the board game and is often a good challenge if a tad repetitive."
76561198013114886,Recommended,317620,12968487,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,I am the liquor,"I have put about 10 hours in SH:A and I love it so far.  The graphics, though not the best, are as grim and dark as WH40K and it SHOULD be that way.The gameplay is quite fluid with a nice UI to help guide you.  THe game does have a difficult learning curve as many of its mechanics are based on the boardgame.  Though difficult, is a nice change of pace from the fluffy hello kitty games out there, such as EVERY CoD.THe content is amazing with a spiderweb mission progression sprinkled with bonus missions.  Though I believe the end result of each campaign is the same (not sure though), there are times you must choose this mission or that to move on.I especially like how I cannot see the whole map, only what my space marines can see, or the servo skulls I have placed, but those only scan as there is no visualI suck at writing reviews and also do not have the time to make this look pretty and detailed.  Overall, being totally new to Space Hulk, I LOVE it.  I also love the Warhammer universe so I am a bit biased.  But seriously, these guys did an amazing job on Space Hulk and I feel confident they will improve it with content, bug fixes, added fluff and LORE LORE LORE to appease us hungry fans"
76561198018847741,Recommended,317620,20883851,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Brasidas,"Conceptually good game. Initially had a list of gameplay bugs that made completing certain campaigns impossible. The company no longer exists but the dev and a few ex-employees were nice enough to issue a patch to fix these bugs. As far as I can see, 1.4.1. bugfix seems to address the main issues. This is good because I like this game. I enjoyed the original Space Hulk (not the remake by Full Control) but always longed for a turn-based version. SHA fits this bill. If you get the DLCs on sale, the overall game will probably keep you busy for a while.Don't be fooled though; even with the turn-based structure, some missions can be pretty brutal. You need to have a good understanding of your units, weapons, equipment and tactics in order not to lose any terminators (not to mention patience).With the recent bugfix, the game is playable and more importantly, enjoyable. The way games are meant to be. Still, I'd suggest waiting for a sale before getting the whole lot.7.0/10.0"
76561198005582304,Recommended,317620,12990501,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Auroq,"Anyone interested in the nature of adaptation should buy this game. It's astonishing how much MORE it feels like every story I've ever heard of the legendary board game which is its namesake. All of the changes Full Control added really point out what a disservice we do by slavishly adapting board games and how much better it is to embrace the strengths of the digital medium and intensify the feelings and dynamics we aim to adapt.While not the complete reimagining you might expect, Space Hulk strikes a brand new middle ground: giving you everything you love about digital and board games in one beautiful, galaxy-spanning package."
76561198034417140,Recommended,317620,12915130,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blond Daemon,"What i have played so far has mostly been amazing, truly the video game version of Space Hulk rather than the (still very good) animated board game that is space hulk.my only quibble so far is i have been unable to do a flash mission yet due to a bug that keep causing the game to freeze, end turn button and escape become unresponsive etc, all stuff im sure will be patched soon enough if the previous space hulk is anything to go by.the graphics, squad selection/upgrades, lighting, maps, mechanics and even the new shouldercam (with thermal imaging) makes this something new that still has everything i loved about the original.If you're not a frothing at the mouth space hulk fan it might be worth waiting for the first patches, but other than this i highly recommend this game."
76561198008597582,Not Recommended,317620,13008780,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,project_mercy,"I was excited about trying this version out after playing the previous FC Space Hulk game. I've always enjoyed the board game, and I thought the FC adaptation of it was decent, if a bit basic at times. I recommended it to many friends.With that in mind, I don't enjoy this game. This game attempts to provide difficulty by obfuscation. You start out on a map where you can only see a few feet around you, and some objective off in the distance that you have to get too. You have no way of knowing how you're supposed to get to that objective other than just roaming around. Since the enemies coming at you can be coming down random paths that you can't see or shoot down without certain weapons, and you don't know that until you get there; functionally you end up starting a map, roaming around to scout the map out, then restarting. Imaging playing the XCOM reboot, where aliens are shoot at you from off-screen off-fog of war, and then magnify it 10 times; that's this game.So, in practice, you have to play every map at least twice, the first time being a total waste of play time. It's like a tax on fun.There's also no rapid view that shows the state of all your units, what actions are available to them, and what weapons they all have. You have to drill down through context menus to find out what you need. I imagine that it looks pretty? but it's not nearly as useful as the older ""ugly"" UI.RPG elements were added to the system, but for the most part they range from your units being generally terrible, to your units being unstoppable killing machines that completely invalidate the risk of the game. At any given time certain weapons are great, and other weapons are terrible, and there isn't a lot of balance too them.Full Control did a great job of working on the previous Space Hulk entry after development, so I guess I'm hoping they spend some time on this one to make it playable; but for now it's just a frustrating overlay on top of space hulk. Adding in pretty graphics doesn't make up for deteriorated gameplay."
,Not Recommended,317620,18141052,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,dshiatt,"Tutorial mission 2, 5 minutes into the game, has a bug at the end of the mission and cannot be completed. Given that the studio is shutting down, I don't feel like delving into this game with little hope that it will be maintained... and clearly it's got a lot of maintaining to do."
76561197980530446,Recommended,317620,28441789,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nimrias,"SH:A is a great TBS that had some bugs after release that would prevent campaign completion.  They are fixed / patched now, which is good because this is a great game.  If you thought the first Space Hulk game from Full Control was lacking, then you should try this game.+Tons of maps / missions, more with DLC.  You can swap and level-up squad members as well as changing equipment.  I love the crazy enemy spawn rates you can get on the harder difficulties.  The different kinds of enemies are nice to keep things interesting (and frustrating).-The willpower attribute is present for all terminators but only useful to the librarian.  The random relic chests are annoying as they can be detrimental and the only way to avoid the detriment is to restart the mission.  Sometimes you don't want that extra attack that uses that extra ammo and causes that extra heat.Overall, great game.  Easy recommend for TBS and WH40K fans."
76561198048855187,Recommended,317620,12984713,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Logan Grimnar,"This game is a very good revisioning of the origional space hulk boardgame and the video game that is a mirror immage. The customization and personalization of your squad is something that i really enjoy and adds more depth to the terminators; instead of them all just being storm bolter weilding automatons you can actually customize traits and abilities to make your squad truly YOURS. But with this comes minor but acumulating setbacks. For example if one of those customized terminators falls in a mission he is replaced, albeit with a terminator of the same level if your dificulty setting allows, but the replacement is a random computer generated terminator. What is the point in letting us customize our terminators if your just going to have to go back and rework all of them after each mission? Sure you can set them back to the way they were but its just tedious and annoying. Why undo all of the improvements you have made with the customization by making them so limited to one life? To me it just defeats the purpose. Along with this the lighting is not helpful, sometimes i cant tell if i have set my terminators to overwatch because the eye icon above their heads is not visible leading to a disapointing genestealers turn. The extra difficulty is great if you enjoy a challenge so i wouldnt take points away for having a game that engages you and makes you think but the subtle annoyances can really add up. Overall if you love warhammer 40k i deffinately recoment picking this one up its a very fresh perspective of the turn based stragety we have all come to love."
76561198077452684,Recommended,317620,13509837,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZEBEAST OF SLAVIC TERRITORIES,"I have not played the board game or the previous video game but I have a pretty good knowledge of 40k.Pros:-Really nice map layout with darkened levels-Well done action point system {although the action point system is the same as the board game and the other video game}-Cool shoulder camera-Not too much randomeness but just enough { I heard the other video game had too much randomeness}-Interesting customization system-Really nice tactical parts, espeacially when withdrawing from blocked genestealer spawners- Over 103 missions and 3 space marine chapters-Permadeath makes your termies valuableCons:-Terrible optimization, not that it matters too much-Customization is not as deep as it could have been, but is sufficient-A couple of wall clips here and there- People who have not played 40k probably will not enjoy this as much-Squad composition is always the same-No multiplayer- No Dark Eldar"
,Recommended,317620,21206057,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Shinsiru,"A strong and demanding game for the Free time.Be prepared to invest hours and hours into completition of missions in the higher progressions of the campaigns.The enemies are overwhelming, the space to navigate is narrow and the armory plenty.Pro:- High motivation to achieve victory on the foe, the tyranides.- Very good graphics and beautiful animations.- Different armies with different playstyles. (Pick your Playstyle or favorite army of the Table-Top)Con:- Very high learning curve and frusttration through RNG- The developer has dissolved and two lonesome coder are fixing the remaining bugs- Be VERY careful what you click in the game, or your worthy action points for movement and fighting void to 0 from a missclick.I personally liked this game a lot, due to high love of Warhammer Universe and the very helpful community.FOR THE EMPEROR!"
,Recommended,317620,13142540,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Daerandin,"Warhammer 40k fans, and fans of the board game are likely to appreciate this game. This is the game I've been waiting for, with the ability to customize my terminators regarding wargear and attributes. I can build my own specialized squads to suit the play style I prefer.2016 EDIT: This game got some bad reviews because of some issues, but the game has receieved updates now that have resolved those issues. The game is without any serious bugs, and I have not personally encountered any new bugs after the update. So don't be discouraged by bad reviews because of bugs."
76561197991840501,Recommended,317620,12918665,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Franky,"This is the Space Hulk Game i have been waiting for on PC! It is a complete overhaul, no stone was left unturned. The athmosphere is great, the gameplay is exactly as you would want it, not too fast, not too slow. The Controls are intuitive and Graphics are brilliant. The Caracter Progression and Customization System adds not only a personal touch to your Space Marines, it benefits the gameplay enormously! The Tutorial teaches everything you need to get started and there are plenty of tactics and strategies to learn and master. You don't even realise it is a turn based game because of how fluent the turns work. Without any doubt I RECOMMEND THIS GAME! Fans of Warhammer 40k will be more than pleased and people who haven't had much to do with Warhammer 40k so far will get a really great taste of the athmosphere! If you like Tactical/Strategy/Action Games, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197990766081,Recommended,317620,13075746,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Grendel,"If you played the first one and liked it you will probably like this.  No multiplayer but it has an rpg style leveling system, better graphics, more fighting options like flamer templates, and alot more missions (100 or something?).  As a 40k fan, I am liking it."
,Recommended,317620,12969395,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rhaegor,"A much improved version of the board game clone.  I find myself caring much more about my individual marines and carefully managing upgrades, skills, weapons, who I use in a mission, etc.  The game is brutally difficult even on normal.  With death only a simple positioning mistake away, it somewhat reminds me of a rogue like style game.As an owner of the previous version I received an additional discount for a total price of $22 USD.  In the time I have spent playing this weekend so far I have already gotten my monesy worth, and I have only completed about 6 of 100 available missions.One thing that the new marine character progression system has brought about which is kind of a negative, but may be postivie, is that if I find myself losing one single marine, I abandon the mission which allows you to restart the mission without the troop loss.  So you don't actually lose your dead troops if you abandon before the mission is over.  I have played certain missions 20 or more times now because I just can't stand to lose my 3 range, 3 agility, 3 perception marines.I would really like to see expanded terrain options.  I am not sure why we have to be always on a ""space hulk"" which is an abandoned spaceship.  This game's mechanics could be applied to a variety of enviroments with larger maps, ala Xcom, and more racial enemies.  I also want to see a lot more guns, gun and ammo upgrades/alternates, marine types, gear, etc.  All of this would add to the depth and complexity.  I believe a game that added all of this would sell extremely well and would appeal to a wider market than the current design restrictions.Anyway, much better than the first, and will not be for everyone, but this is a good game if you like very difficult rogue like ""lite"" style games, tactics, Warhammer 40k, and turn based strategy."
76561198003542819,Recommended,317620,13209029,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Flint,"Solid game, needs better mission briefs. Lack of the Terminators speaking can leave an empty atmosphere. So much history with WH40K not being used here"
76561198006839949,Recommended,317620,12932251,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mogendo,A very nice upgrade to the previous space hulk I have installed..But be aware it is a single player game as it stands. If you enjoyed the Space hulk....you will love this version with many many customisation upgrades in skillls and equipment for your marines. And with the loyalty discount for anyone with the previous version...it's an essential buy.
76561198060734390,Recommended,317620,23740826,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DimensionHatross,"There was a time when I couldn't have steered people further from this game, but to the credit of the developers they have fixed it's issues and we're left with the game it always should have been.It's a very solid tactical game, but what makes it stand out a little from other games in the genre is the almost puzzle-like aspect, at times, of it's missions. While it's claustrophobic and tense, you'll often find yourself tweaking your positioning or deploy/movement order, as you try to find a combination that works best for the mission/situation at hand. Unlike similar games which have wide open maps, in SHA you are almost always in a tight corridor or junction: the emphasis is placed on protecting your flanks while somehow forging ahead, deeper down those corridors, into genestealer territory.With the fixes it's a recommend from me, doubly so while on special."
76561198007221810,Recommended,317620,13744897,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tormunda,"Exceptional space hulk product. So good I need to dig my old board game out again :)Pros:Character Advancement: That lucky marine that takes 5 enemy down in melee is no longer restricted to 'house rules' board games!Graphics and Sound: Very atmospheric.Turn Based: No against the clock or twitch play. You can sit there for hours wondering how you are going to get out of that mess alive.Expansions: So much room for growth, leaves you wanting more.Cons:Wasted stats: Seems like they placed some stats in for future expanions but have little use now. Will power says your troop can resist psichic attacks, but there are none. Also Constitution helps vs disease and poison. Also these are not in game.Repetative comments: You need to click cool down on your bolter several times a marine almost every turn. This is fine, however the marines will reply with a comment 'like praise the machine god'. There are only 2 comments they say and they say 1 100% of the time. This gets annoying. Should be changed to something like 25% of the time and would work perfect.High level quests: There needs to be a high level campaign (DLC?)All in all, well work every penny and if you like space hulk - you will love this.9/10"
,Recommended,317620,13080214,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SiderealAdmiral,"Very well done in comparison to the game released last year, and one of the better turn based strategy games out right now."
76561198066817536,Recommended,317620,13007719,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Helixx,"I've been playing Space Hulk in both boardgame and computer formats since the 90s.When it comes to computer adaptations, the fact is that several approaches have been attempted over time:- real-time strategy vs turn-based- 1st person vs 3rd person view- 1st vs 2nd vs 3rd edition boardgame rulesI see SH Ascension as perhaps the most approachable computer adaptation, the one with the widest appeal (considering the average ""gamer"") of them all.In part that's because it attempts to be more like XCom, which is actually NOT a bad thing, even though I see them as different animals. It's just another take on the franchise, just like all previous computer adaptations.And all that is fine, because I'd rather see more people getting in contact with the SH franchise (and having a good experience), than having it fade back to obscurity again. The developer has been doing a nice job from that regard, keeping SH in evidence, listening to the user base, etc.What else can I say?Space Hulk can be a very unforgiving game, but Ascension kind of softens the blow through things like the removal of randomness of weapon jams/overheats. That's a huge design decision, that makes the game instantly less frustrating for the uninitiated. However, it also removes a lot of the challenge as well. SH is a risk management game at its core.I also see many people praising cosmetics like name customization, skins, etc. Good for them, those Gen Y players (haha), but this old dog doesn't care for that. You guys feel free to name your marine ""Sheldon"", or whatever floats your boat.The only thing that I wish was optional is the fog of war (darkness).Advance planning is a huge part of the appeal of Space Hulk to me, and the fog affects that aspect of gameplay. I actually enjoy spending 10 mins visualizing the entire map, trying to figure out my strategy, risk minimization actions, etc, before moving any pieces. The darkness is just an annoyance, since after a few plays you end up memorizing the map anyway. What's the point in all that ""exploration"" required by the fog/darkness then? It's just grinding."
76561198027946566,Recommended,317620,13158927,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MT,"A more accessible version of Space Hulk there are lots of things to like about Ascension. A slightly faster pace with more options and missions, along with the carrot of levelling up your squad members, the game is enjoyable and has the potential to be expanded further.Given the nature of the base material though there are still some caveats - ranged is easier/safer than melee (especially once you level up a little), going slowly and carefully through the levels still takes a fair chunk of time, and the step up in difficulty from normal to hard is more of a cliff than a gentle slope.  The lack of a save option during missions on the impossible setting also limits them as it commits you to a session rather than being able to dip in and out as time permits on the other difficulties.Overall fun though, and I would recommend for people that like squad based games in confined environments and have a little patience."
,Recommended,317620,12929804,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Polite People,"Pitch black corridors of Space Hulk are suffocatingly claustrophobic, all you can see is faint light of shoulder-mounted searchlights, failing to pierce the primordial darkness. The only sounds you can hear are the steady beeps of servo scull drones scanning the area and echoing screeches of deadly beasts lurking somewhere nearby.Suddenly your eye catches an incredibly fast moving shadow in a cone of light on a video feed from one of your terminators. Dark and empty corridors just moment ago are now filled with bright flashes and low rumbling - your terminators fire off hails and hails of panicked stormbolter fire striving to slay the evil creature!And finally exploding warheads of stormbolter rounds hit its target - the genestealer falls to the ground, bleeding profoundly. But right after the first one you can see more creatures flooding the room. Bolter fire grows less and less effective, you hear your terminators' voices crying out: ""My bolter has jammed!"" Here and there power swords are being drawn, massive thumps of power fists crushing genestealers' carapace and sounds of horrifying rending claws scraping power armour fill the air...This game well worth its price. If you're a fan of Warhammer 40k and good turn-based games with progression and customization - then buy it, you're not going to regret it."
76561197998934643,Recommended,317620,12915123,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,Amazing!  Thank you for making this game.  Space Hulk one is fantastic but Space Hulk Ascension this is beyond amazing.  Buy this and support Full Control.  I see great 40k games from them in the future.  Don't pass this up!
,Recommended,317620,12988677,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mario,"Yes.  Good game.The game really is a labor of love by the developers.  So many nifty details, and the gameplay is a solid tactical game.  It orients on percentile chances to hit and a limited (3-7) pool of action points.  Game play feels claustrophobic, in a good way, as that evokes the feel of moving around inside the space hulk with these guys in massive terminator tactical dreadnaught armor.Now, sure, could it have more voiceovers in mission briefings and different voices for terminators? Yes. Could it let you customize your marines more?  Sure.  Are there some annoying bugs here and there? Yeah.But it's good gameplay.Best 40k game since Chaos Gate.  Would buy again at double the price tag. It's worth it."
76561197987596751,Recommended,317620,12990941,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Romassanta,"Been looking forward to this, bought the previous game Space Hulk. Although being a fine game, the table top adaption soon becomes quite boring against computer AI.Space Hulk Ascension is more of a RPG approach and adds so much more flavour. Could have a lot more added to it, more relics and weapon and armor combinations, bionics if injuries occur. The missions could have more to them rather than just killing genestealers. Cultists, mutants, reavers etc.My last comment, making a space hulk game and not including the Dark Angels Deathwing. . What gives? I mean Space Wolves is a cool chapter, although they do not really adapt terminator units. They honour great warriors in bodyguard units to the Wolf Lords with terminator armour, therefore I feel they are a bit out of place for a true space hulk game."
76561198019387413,Recommended,317620,12915677,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Rzt99,"Great graphics, great atmossphere, and it semms theres a lot stuff, to upgrade and equipp, and many missions. Good improvements are  animations of the genestealers and things like that. Looks 20 times better than before. The game is not cheap but seems made with love, so it s ok. Thats my first impression, after 1 hour.After 12 hours: Great game!!! Theres something about it. It has a great feeling. When they update it, it could come close to perfect. :)After 18 hours: We cannot thanks people enough, who spent their time developing Warhammer 40K games!!!! (When they are well produced, like this one!!!)Sadly they stopped supporting Acension. It s really sad! It had much potential. Like: Planet Missions, and other faction and so on......... I would have bought all the DLC s !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197990142171,Recommended,317620,12987883,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Aqua,Gives the warm fussy feeling that you hade playing back in the 90´s!Confined squad based tactical action.More fluff whould be nice but I really like the game.
76561198006295668,Recommended,317620,29879592,Posted: 12 February,all,offwhiteknight,"Highly recommended!!! This is one of my go to games. I bought the 1st edition Space Hulk board game when it came out and have been hooked on the idea and atmosphere ever since. This game does an amazing job of bringing that to the PC. It is not the board game (Space Hulk game is almost a perfect game port though if that's what you want). This is a solid tactical turn-based game about area control and moving that area control across the board.Pros-It's hella fun!Can be very challenging. Unforgiving of mistakes.Different chapters give different options and play experienceRogue mode keeps it freshGraphics are atmosphericTerminators can become death machinesFirst 3 DLC's well worth the cost. 4th is a get on sale.Game runs smooth.Cons-Can be very challenging.  Unforgiving of mistakes.Have to grind to get top end gear/terminatorsGraphics can get laggy on lower end machines (especially the Salamanders campaign)End Verdict, if you like turn based squad games (XCOM, Jagged Alliance, etc.), 40K lore, or Space Hulk this is a got to get."
,Recommended,317620,12916357,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,lankyman20000,"So far plays really nicely, a definite improvement on the old version, visuals are awesome, new mechanics work nicely, not quite as frustrating. Sill (for me) difficult as balls, but worth it when you win!!"
76561198022311003,Not Recommended,317620,24033546,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ZappBrannigan,"Tried to start up this game several times, but could never really get into it. The gameplay feels incredibly slow and plodding to me. You walk ever so sloooooowly and carefully through (genuinely creepy) corridors... and then a genestealer kills your guy in one hit (because each unit only has one health) and you're pretty much screwed. Just didn't feel like fun to me. I really like the warhammer 40k aesthetic, though.I think that this one will only appeal to a certain niche audience. I am giving it a thumbs down, but mainly just because it does not appeal to my personal tastes. It seems well-made and has some interesting design decisions. If you like:Warhammer 40kTacticsDifficult gamesFace eatingand have:A patient tempermentExcellent eyesight (the game is very dark, too dark to see in my opinion, which is not a plus for a game like this)The blessing of the God-EmperorThen you likely will enjoy this game.So, yeah, not recommended for most people, but not because it is a bad game. It is just very niche. You have been warned, but I hope you enjoy it if yo udo decide to purchase."
76561198073282849,Recommended,317620,13474040,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Stinkers,"Having loved playing the board game as a child, I was one of the (seemingly) few people who actually didn't mind the first version of Space Hulk that Full Control produced. Sure it was obviously rushed, the terminators were slower than the multiplayer loading screen and it wasn't exactly atmospheric, but I don't think it deserved the barrage of abuse that it received, it was simply a direct port of the board game.Space Hulk Ascension however, takes an OK game up to a good game. Its still not perfect, but the developers didn't just decide that they knew best, they actually listened to the feedback from the first, and improved on those aspects: adding a leveling system, better lighting, more variety with weaponry and skills and generally a smoother gaming experience without taking away the core aspects that make Space Hulk what it is.If there are any devs out there reading this: one nice little feature would be a way of seeing lifetime statistics for your terminators - i.e. number of kills etc. Also some flash missions seem far too easy, and you can set up a winning overwatch on the first couple of turns - minor gripes to an all round good game!I would give Space Hulk Ascension 8 / 10"
,Recommended,317620,20904150,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DiplomaticAmoeba,"So I'm coming in on this game after the bug fixes have taken place. So I can't attest to it's playablity for everybody. But I love this game, the mechanics are great and allthough it could use a few more skins for your terminators I say this game is definitely worth the price. Once you are able to  understand the strategies needed it really isn't overly complicated but still forces you to think about what you're doing at all times. Plus I dig that little shoulder cam, makes you feel like your in the action with em, game over man!!"
76561198106013105,Recommended,317620,17277914,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"Decent game for turn based lovers. This is how it plays out:1. Move your team 1-2 sqaures and set Overwatch and end turn2. Genestealers are very fast; they close the distance every turn3. Hopefully your soldier will kill enemies with Overwatch during the Genestealer turn4. If your soldier misses he might get a melee kill, otherwise he dies5. Repeat and RinseThe game is very dark, you can see 3-4 squares in front of your soldiers but that is it. Many times I would go down a corridor only to find a dead end at the last square since it is very dark. After losing on a map you will know the map and what to do better. Overwtach tends to fail rather often and your soldiers die. If you manage to win you get XP and might level up your soldier, or at least train them some.Game is very slow paced, but interesting. It is sci-fi and Space Hulk after all.  The campaigns are varied and each is neat. This game takes a while to play and, as I stated, is very slow paced. On occasion you get to shoot during your turn, but this takes up precious movement points (AP action points).I may play more of this game in the future, right now I have played about 9 hours. It is very tiresome and grueling however. Overall this is a decent game."
76561198041522934,Not Recommended,317620,18552220,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Caliban,"This is my first recension ever, I wrote it in english to warn as many people as possible befor buying this fail buggy game.So it is almost a year after Premiere and this game has still lots of bugs, many missions in campaing cann't be completed because of bugs!I started playing TUTORIAL and mission 2 cann't be completed, no matter what i do! every miossions objectives are accomplished and at the ending of mission i got information MISSION FAILED. So i started reading community posts and I found that many, many missions in campaings can't be completed because of bugs and IT IS YEAR AFTER PREMIER!This game should be deleted from Steam"
76561197989793240,Recommended,317620,12947427,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Wolf,Any fan of Space Hulk will love this. So much more improved than the first installment which was based directly from the boardgame. Graphics are very nice on high and customisation is good. A punishing game and very enjoyable :)Even if you have never heard of the franchise give it a go if you like squad strategy tactics. There has been so much rubbish published under  W40K and GW over the years but this isnt one of them.Recommend+
76561197960445924,Recommended,317620,13575604,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gut Eater,"EXCELLENT game. I played and loved the older PS1 version so I can appreciate a much needed new version of the franchise. Much improved over the version from last year as far as how moody and immersive it is in comparison and not to mention the three campaigns that come with it as well as three different space marine factions you can use for each campaign.The graphics are far improved as well with great use of lighting. Some say it's too dark but I think that just adds to the terror of space marines dealing w/aliens in dark corridors. Gameplay is a little more forgiving as well in that you know when your marines' guns are going to jam/overheat as it shows an icon telling you how hot your weapon is getting. If you loved the movie Aliens, GET IT."
,Recommended,317620,20801668,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wyzilla,"Aboslutely brutal. This game is ideal for the person who heavily enjoys XCOM, and wants a challenge comparable to the original games. This game will take your best strategy, chew it up, and spit out its mangled corpse."
76561198004668419,Recommended,317620,21071526,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,<KTA> KILL THEM ALL,"This game has a lot to offer.  IT NEEDS AN UNDO button as the controls are fiddly and you missions often fail with one faulty move.It does have a lot of bugs but if you save the game after each mission (or at the start) it is tolerable.It is pricey and two of the campaigns are basically the same as previous space hulk, but the extra make up for it (although they are pricey).In short:\Please just include extra chapters and missions as part the game (would improve sales);Secondly, add a mission editor, so players can design their own scenarios / campaigns for other players.RECOMMENDED FOR 40K LOVERS ONLY IN THE CURRENT FORMAT"
,Recommended,317620,25284778,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,GeneSteeler,"Completion:  Played all three campaigns (no DLC) each with one of the three chapters available.I'm not new to this boardgame (note my username) so I found some nice solo playing with this video translation.  The game is true to the boardgame, which for me, was both good and bad.  I did find that the game began to get quite stale as it was limited to the boardgame complexity.  In a video game there is much greater scope for complexity as the computer can keep track of many elements.  Consequently, after 32 hours I've had my fill and have no desire to pick up the missed achievements or get the DLC.   The chapters available are all fairly similar and in honesty, play pretty much the same with some minor variations.  I found the space wolves the most difficult, but the Blood Angel campaign was the most challenging with a couple really tight and scary missions.All in all, I had quite a bit of fun, but I'm also more than ready to uninstall.7/10"
,Recommended,317620,21257529,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,eoinlynch73,Great game. Highly recommend it. Worth the money now that the bugs have (nearly) all been fixed (ongoing).
76561197972445514,Recommended,317620,15366444,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"Welcome Battle Brothers and Sisters to SPACE HULK ASCENSION. It is here where you shall prove your devotion and mettle to the eternal and divine Emperor of mankind. It is here my Brothers and Sisters where you shall board Space Hulks, drifting monolithic black masses with a darkness so thick it is as shadows solidified in pure heart crushing evil.In this place where torment wrenches in blood rusted corridors as you are guided by the Emperors hand to cleanse this taint forever from the rippling tides of existence with your fire forged squad of Terminators which know no fear. You shall be blessed with such armaments as armor shattering bolt throwers, chainsaws of bodily dismemberment, flamethrowers which burn with purifying flame down to the smallest cellular structure, sin shredding turrets crafted by the most devoted Tech Priests.You shall be adorned with the armor of righteousness no mere mortal could bear to wear aglow with the war blessings of The Emperor. It shall be as a second skin decorated in the glories of your Chapter protecting you from the shadowy fiend the lurkers in waiting whose touch is as death ripping at souls of tissue.You will see phantoms in darkness. Hear the howling screams of ages past forever reverberating in reality warped agony. Once inspiring walls of impenetrable purity now tainted in crushing damnation will speak deceitful deception to your mind and eyes seeking the fallen moment where you shall falter in your step in doubt.Do not hesitate! Do not question! For all is The Emperor! And his will is to obliterate this abomination which haunts space and time.SPACK HULK ASCENSION awaits with turn based strategic majesty in devastating rich colors saturated in salvation. Will you serve The Emperor or be consumed in the coming fires of purging?"
76561197997256776,Recommended,317620,13021922,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,vncnt,My first randomly-generated Sergeant's name was Hilarius.10/10
76561197979690701,Not Recommended,317620,18495559,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Chance Callahan,"Stay away from this game! As of version 1.4 there are several bugs re-introduced into the game that are game breaking. You won't be able to even finish the tutorial. After patch 1.4 the developers are gone and left a broken game. Rumors are that there is 1 single guy left who might fix the bugs in his spare time but for several month now nothing has happened. The developer ""Full Control"" was praised when they announced that they close the business instead of smashing it against the wall but as a customer with a broken game that does not get fixed I can't see any difference."
,Not Recommended,317620,18317569,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Count_Zero_Interrupt,"Some missions can't be completed due to a bug that causes them to always fail no matter what you do - including the second tutorial mission. Bugs happen, but checking to make sure your missions are actually completable is pretty basic, and one would think the devs would take care of that before pumping out new game modes and DLC. Glad I bought this cheap on sale. Setting it aside until it gets patched. If you're interested, I recommend checking the forums and patch notes to make sure these issues have been addressed before purchasing."
76561198007001155,Not Recommended,317620,18599269,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dingo,"Why hasn't steam removed this from sale yet? I buy the game, and the game crashes in the tutorial! (upon trying to complete a quest, it says you fail and you can't proceed in the tutorial). So I pick ultramarines, everything is going well and I get to 'Cleanse with fire', where the mission is bugged (try to drop antimatter to complete game, says you fail).Plenty of comments in the steam forums about the bugs. I've found forum posts dating back to August with people complaining about them and it probably goes back further than that. There are even typos in the descriptions for weapons and equipment!It's a damn shame, it's a fun game to play, but they are doing people over royally that pay thirty bucks for the game."
76561197999865618,Not Recommended,317620,18659021,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[VI] Matherion Stormtooth,"Look, I love Space Hulk. I have the board game. New and old. I play Warhammer 40k.I cannot reccomend this game. I really can't. Space Hulk requires the Terminator squads route to be perfectly planned. You can't do that when you cant see anything but 4 squares in front of you.  Random Genestealers popping out of vents and ripping your Terminator in half before you can get a shot in? Yeah, not awesome.This game is mind bogglingly difficult, even on Easy. Moreso than the boardgame. It is unforgiving, unrelenting, and just plain unfun.  You will find yourself playing one mission over and over and over just to succeed.Oh and lets not mention the bugs, there are plenty of those."
76561197990895928,Not Recommended,317620,19800380,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BadGene616,"Bugged missions - even the tutuorial is broken.Frustrating.It has potential but until it's confirmed fixed, don't buy it."
76561197974927515,Recommended,317620,14878186,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Steel*Faith,"Highly recommended for fans of Warhammer 40k, and Table-top or Turn-based Strategy games. Also recommended for people, who don't know anything about WH40k, but are interested in sci-fi's like Aliens (second move with Marines fighting off hordes of aliens), or anything of the sort.Leading squads of elite inter-galactic marines, with the finest weapons and armor armor in the galaxy, and hunting down hordes of the most deadly biological predators, is incredibly satisfying to watch. This  is a dark, tense, and unforgiving game, and I love it for that.+ Each chapter feels pretty unique in look and gameplay, and it's worth replaying a campaign with another Marine Chapter.+ Campaigns are lengthy and offer a variety of challenging scenarios to overcome.+ Lots of tactical depth with the squad customization of skills, gear, and weapon combos, which allows you to build up your squads how you want.+ Armor and Decorative customization is a nice addition.+ AI is solid and challenging to face.+ Sound and FX are perfect - the dark, horrific atmosphere is enhanced by stellar ambient sounds. Comparably awesome to the well done Dawn of War series in this respect.+ Extremely satisfying death animations and weapon effects.I love a good soundtrack, and this game doesn't offer much in that regard, as music is used sparringly (what  - which in this game's case, is not a bad thing - as the mood of the game is set not by instruments, but by the atmospheric sounds of the Space Hulks; the screams of vicious biological terrors; and the blasts of bolters shredding apart bodies and the clanging against metal - which is perfect for a horror setting.It is worth supporting this developer, as they treat the Warhammer 40k IP with great respect, and there's a lot of potential for bigger better WH40k games in the future."
76561197971556261,Recommended,317620,13739493,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"For your money you get a LOT of gametime, with 4 different campaign maps, 4 chapters who differ in strengths and more then 100 hours og gameplay if you go through it all!Easily the best turn based Stradegy game since the X-com remake."
76561197970408289,Recommended,317620,13737997,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Olisseus,"Space Hulk Ascension:Admittedly the Orginal Space Hulk on Steam had kind of a bumpy start. Being a space hulk player from the early 90s on, I was very exited to have a digital version of the game, that stays true to it's board game roots. While the initial relase was lackluster in many areas, the people at full control did their best to fix bugs and smooth out the rough edges, until the game finally became what I had expected.Now with ascension, full control has proven that they really care about the game.First of all: This is NOT another version of the original space hulk, but a complete new game, that deviates enough from the common ruleset to justifiy the full price launch.With this game full control did nothing short of enthuse me in the best way possible. Right from the start, this new entry in the space hulk universe oozes atmosphere. While production values are still not nearly as high one might wish, the small developer team did an amazing job of polishing the title as much as possible with limited ressources.Gone are the clunky animations of the terminators. The overall feeling of your troops is still cumbersome (like it should be), but the blending of the different animations is much more successfull in ascension, not getting in the way of immersion anymore.The interior assets of the hulks, while quite impressive in the first title, look even more claustrophobic and menacing in ascension. The light is now only coming from the headlamps of your squadmates, improving even more on the dark and menacing atmosphere. There was some critisism about the lack of a layout map of the missions, but I think, that it is just perfect the way it is. Finding your way room by room on a completely shrouded map feels perfectly in tune with the fluff of space hulk.Another big plus are the new sounds. This might actually be the first time I ever felt that a storm bolter should EXACTLY sound like they do in the game. New animations including the much missed genestaeler kill moves plus the more dynamic death and gore effects are the icing on the cake.Where ascension really shines is the whole loadout and configuration system. While your terminators gain experience in battle, there is an almost endless variaty of different configurations available. One might change the appearance, the names, the loadout and skills of any squadmate, providing them with the much needed edge against the genestealers during the ongoing campaign.The game is still hard as nails. But even after the umpteen failed attempt to get all my terminators to safety, I am still motivated to go on.This game is a delight for fans of the series and people who like 40K in general. I really appreciate the effort that went into the creation of this title. There are only two things I would wish for the future:- transfer the animations and sounds to the board game version of space hulk- make ascension available for tabletsApart from that, this title is just what I wanted."
76561197990548443,Recommended,317620,20789090,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ahksar,"A great rework on the original Space Hulk. More interesting missions, more customization for your marines and some pretty cool DLC campaigns. One of my best purchases yet."
,Recommended,317620,20801291,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,shapes345,"very much like the tabletop boardgame (and the original Space Hulk videogame), but with RPG elements added along with more complexity which is perfectly suited for a videogame rather than just adapted to screen exactly as the tabletop.if you are a new player, there is a bit of a learning curve but there is a very good (and optional) tutorial to help you out.once you understand the game, you will have a blast."
76561198125819341,Recommended,317620,31457636,Posted: 30 April,all,"No, Not Daddy!","Did you enjoy the original board game?If the answer is yes, then you'll be instantly at home here.For those that never had the pleasure, Space Hulk is an extremely tactical game involving constantly recreating a solid defensive position to keep the enemies teeth and claws at arms length (or preferably further away). In short, if you're looking for a quick adrenaline fuelled blast you're going to be disappointed. If, however you've come looking for a more cerebral experience then you'll find Space Hulk fits the bill nicely.Graphically, the game is true to its origins, nothing flashy, but it serves its purpose, if I were to offer one criticism at this point, the game is possibly a bit too dark. This can make it difficult to plan future moves and will lead to mistakes in placement. Just remember to save when unsure!Sounds are sufficiently atmospheric, although some more variety in your squads verbal feedback would have been appreciated!Gameplay is exactly what you would hope for from a Space Hulk game, they've absolutely nailed this.In conclusion, if you loved the board game or turn-based strategy games with a slower pace, buy it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,317620,14552867,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LaidBackNinja,"Space Hulk Ascension is a great 40K game, and a great turn-based strategy game, and it looks really good to boot. Even though it's a little rough around the edges, I've enjoyed my time with the game immensely. Definitely recommended for 40K fans and turn-based strategy fans."
76561198027754729,Recommended,317620,12988529,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DireAvenger,7 Hours into this game and i am really enjoying it. Can't wait to get assult cannon.
76561198006521653,Recommended,317620,24562158,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,"If your a fan of 40k and/or XCOM get this game.  7/10.  The game is pretty solid,  It has fun mechanics and if you love the 40k univerise and strategy game similar to ""Xcom"" you will sink quite a bit of time in this one.  The negatives being repetitive enemies and I think the company went out of buisness so no new content. Pick it up on a steam sale if you can!"
76561198038558057,Recommended,317620,12928086,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Astropath293,Such an improvement on the original. I own the phisical game and its great as a board game but turning it word for word into a human vs pc video game wasnt great. But this!! man this is perfect. all the changes that move it away from a virtual board game turn it into a really fun game. Love the customizability and level system. really adds something to the game. along with all the extra weapons ofcourse.
76561198082028497,Recommended,317620,19728781,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dv,"I actually recommend this game. Not the latest version 1.4. That version is not playable. However, Steam allows installing a ""public_test"". Which happens to be version 1.3.1. That is the version just before the latest update. It works fine. Except for the assault cannon. You need to use heavy flamers. The ""successor chapter"" DLC is part of version 1.4, so that does not work either. What you get is a very good interpretation of the board game with six campaigns. And you can finish all missions."
76561198132147759,Not Recommended,317620,18777058,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Idorrac,It is currently impossible to finish certain missions and advance in the campaign due to a bug that makes the mission fail when the objectives are met.
76561197984820498,Not Recommended,317620,20493692,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Giaddon,"To be 100% clear: the last patch broke the game, making certain campaigns, including the tutorial, uncompletable. The developer no longer exists, so no fix will be coming.Do not buy this game."
76561198006620592,Not Recommended,317620,19790969,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ryltair,This game is completely broken. Second tutorial mission can't even be completed. What a bloody waste of time!
76561198048974498,Recommended,317620,16469789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,rjmacready,"Anyone who's read any of my previous reviews may have sussed by now that I'm not an overly big fan of where gaming is going, in specific regard to ""open world""-y and overly complicated ""RPG""-style elements.  Don't get me wrong...the weapon/personal upgrading system in the first two Dead Space games, for example, was fantastic.  But did we really need the ""unique customisation"" of Dead Space 3's alleged ""crafting"" system?  Well I for one certainly didn't, as clearly evidenced by the fact that I simply settled on a couple of guns which seemed to work okay for me, before unceremoniously breaking down the other ones I'd made for spare parts.  Which brings us to the rather ambivalent business of comparing the first Space Hulk to the ""new 'n' improved"" Space Hulk: Ascension.  Is it really all it would crack itself up to be?Well, to put it simply:  That depends on who you are.  If you're a Skyrim kinda person, who feels that buying houses and finding wives to move into them adds ""depth"" to your hack-'n'-slay fantasy gaming experience, then Ascension is probably the turn-based game for you.  And even as a big fan of the first Space Hulk game from Full Control Studios, I'll happily concede that there's some definite improvements in evidence here.  Not having to put your space marines on ""overwatch"" round after round, if you're choosing to just keep them that way, is a welcome relief.  Being able to perform other actions such as reloading or cooling down your weapon AFTER putting yourself on said ""overwatch"" is a further relief.  But what happened to the ""undo"" button from the earlier game, for those innumerable occasions when you ""accidentally"" turn a marine around 180 degrees, wasting all your Action Points in so doing, and effectively turning your back on the enemy and thereby all but ensuring said marine's certain death?  And sure, the graphics are definitely ""nicer"" and ""moodier""...but for all that newfound darkness, how the ♥♥♥♥ are we supposed to see the vent from which the genestealers are about to start spilling onto us, swiftly followed by the spilling of our pure space-crusader blood?In short, for almost every improvement this game arguably makes over the original, it seems to balance that out by taking something away.  I won't bother going into each and every pro and con in this regard...that would be pointless and pedantic.  So what is, in my opinion, the MAIN thing which this new game giveth, versus the MAIN thing it taketh away?  Ironically, for a rabid ""horror"" fan like myself, my number one criticism is that what this game undeniably adds in ATMOSPHERE, it takes away from in STRATEGY.  And given that this is, first and foremost, supposed to be a ""turn-based strategy game"", that's a minor problem, don'tcha think?  Let me put it another way...Ascension is arguably the more ""suspenseful"" of the two games - you literally DON'T know what's coming around the corner, and it's arguably ""scarier"" for all that - but gone are the days when you can feel the satisfaction of a hard-won victory based on careful trial-and-error and/or strategic forethought alone.  The first Space Hulk, in my opinion, struck a (mostly) excellent balance between strategy and just-plain-dumb-luck, while Ascension seems to have tipped the balance slightly in favour of the latter.One of the things that impressed me most about the earlier game was the fact that there were some missions where you basically had to pre-plan almost every move, from the meticulous deployment of your troops onwards, in order to succeed.  How did you accomplish this feat?  Well, with a MAP!  A map which showed you every single square of the area your mission takes place in, and every possible place that the dreaded genestealers could pop out from.  So you would plan your route THROUGH said map accordingly (and then, to some degree, still hope for the best)!  Ascension dispenses with this entirely, in preference of only being able to see a handful of feet in front of you.  More SUSPENSE, yes, but LESS STRATEGY.  And more ""cheap deaths"", to use the modern gaming vernacular.Whatever you do, don't take this as an indication that I don't LIKE this new Space Hulk game.  I do.  A LOT.  But I'm not sure I like it quite as much as the first one, and if I was to recommend one of them and one of them alone...well, like I say above, that probably depends on what ""kind"" of gamer you are.  I honestly would never have thought of myself as being a strategy-biased gamer - hell, I like a lot of ""dumb""♥♥♥♥♥♥- but in this particular case, my money's on the earlier game, if only just.  But if you've got money to burn, or know of the existence of a thing called ""Steam sales""...why not try BOTH?!  Then you can tell me what a ♥♥♥♥wit and a philistine I am for not seeing the obvious superiority of Ascension over its predecessor.  You can tell me how board games and video games AREN'T the same thing, and shouldn't be treated as such, and how endless choices for individual customisation of games are not only the way of the future, but indeed should be how we invariably play games RIGHT NOW.  Maybe I still won't BELIEVE you...but it'll hurt a hell of a lot less than bashing your head against a brick wall.Verdict: 9/10.(PS One definite NON-improvement is how HARD the tutorial in this game is to get your head around.  It took me THREE attempts to get through the ♥♥♥♥ing thing.  Sigh...maybe I just wanted an ""improved"" version of the original, and not so much of a ""new"" one...if it ain't that broke, don't fix it, etc etc...)"
,Recommended,317620,22232053,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,GrenadeBait,"Yes, I would recommend......to fans of Warhammer 40K and the orginal Space Hulk miniatures tabletop game, and to gamers that enjoy turn-based strategy and tactics.>|< Quantatitive Rating = 7 out of 10 >|<______________________________Observations and other musings...I bought this when it first came out, but got in the way, and I finaly have a chance to play...yahoo!Big fan, but not an expert of Games Workshop titles for Warhammer 40K, and a few other things.I loved the the orginal tabletop Space Hulk (SH) and even played a bit of Blood Bowl. They are fun if you don't take it too seriously :-)The first digital Space Hulk that I got through Steams was a little bit of a disapointment. It was good and fun to play, but it lacked some elements that Space Hulk Ascension (SHA) has, which make SHA superior.Initiatly, I didn't have issues with regards to bugs in SHA. It seemed to play fine and never crashed. However, I played it for a while, got through several scenarios and then I couldn't finish one and carry on the campaign, because I couldnt meet th victory conditions, which I clearly had.I mentioned this on the forums and someone told me to instal the public beta. Problem solved. been playing for hours and hours and its been fun. I have had a couple of crashes and the game does seem to get sluggish at times when I take too many turns in a scanario. I even found that in one case the autosave hadn't saved the game for several turns.Anyway, it is playable and a fun. I would feel more comfortabale with a final fixed realease though."
76561198253007366,Recommended,317620,31796467,Posted: 16 May,all,The Warpsmith,"Space Hulk Ascension is just a better version of the previous Space Hulk game in every way. It takes the basic concept of the original Tabletop Board Game that Games Workshop made so many years ago and continues to improve upon it for the virtual gaming community. If you like the previous Space Hulk or the original board game then this is made for you.Pros- More Chapters. Normally Blood Angels are the focus of Space Hulk games but this game adds other well-known chapters to experience with different specializations. If you are going to get this game then go ahead and get the version with all the DLC as it is worth it to get the other chapters and campaigns- Customization. You can rename and personalize each member of your squads including cosmetics, weapons, equipment, and skills. This vastly improves upon previous attempts at making Space Hulk games simply because customization is always a good idea- Challenge. This game can be brutally difficult (even on the easiest difficulty setting) but it rewards you for succeeding so that the next challenge can be faced with more options.The weapons and skills you unlock by levelling your Astartes are enjoyable to use and give you many options as to how you wish to overcome difficult situations. This game even has a custom difficulty option which allows you to customize all the different elements of the game including Tyranid spawn frequency, perm-death for your Astartes, and handicaps for your Action PointsCons- RNG. Due to the game's origins as a dice-based board game there is an element of randomness that can often leave the player feeling cheated by the game. This can be extremely frustrating especially on high difficulties. When the game says you have a 90% chance to hit, it does not really mean that as you will likely miss a good chunk of the time. It is indeed befitting of the game's origins but for those who do not care as much about where it came from this function can and will annoy them- Punishes Mistakes Harshly. This game does not have an ""undo"" function. If you move your terminator to the wrong square due to a misclick, you have to suffer the consequence. This tends to promote save-scum habits which is, of course, not great as higher difficulties will actually prevent you from saving during missions therefore punishing you on both sides. Your Astartes almost always die in 1 hit even though they have a toughness stat you can increase. As it stands it is difficult to tell what actually factors into their survival and more often than not they are just going to die due to a single mistake- Imbalance. Among the Chapters you can choose each has unique specializations that befit the lore of Warhammer 40k but not all are equal and in some cases some are even all around terrible. Space Wolves have a negative modifier to their ranged ability and a positive modifier to their melee ability but as you will discover quickly, melee is a bad idea for your Astartes. Due to the previously mentioned RNG you can and will fail seemingly sure rolls and when you fail a melee roll you are dead. The Space Wolves are terrible in Ranged warfare and will miss far more often but in melee they are almost guaranteed to die and therefore will not be able to level up to improve their skills. Even a high level Space Wolf with Lightning Claws will only be able to slay a few basic genestealers before getting unlucky and failing a single roll resulting in their demise...or maybe they will die in their first combat of the mission as is the way. Other chapters can have similar flaws but I feel Space Wolves have it the worstSo in short, it is a good game and if you liked the last one then this is the next step in every way. Good luck...and watch out for the Broodlords...."
,Recommended,317620,28550775,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pyromanical Walrus,If you are a fan of 40k this game is perfect. If you are a fan of strategy games this game is excellent. If you are having trouble with this game be sure to look around the map to find what general direction you are going BEFORE you spawn in. I would often start and wander around until I found the objective and this cost me alot of Space marines and alot of time. If only you could play as a Chaos space marine this game would be perfect. 9.5 out of 10. Can't be a Chaos space marine.
,Recommended,317620,16233078,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,NickSoD,"A fun time-waster; this board game-inspired W40K game pits your team of Terminators against the vast hordes of Genestealers on various Space Hulks. Playing as the Space Wolves, Blood Angels, Ultramarines, Iron Fists (DLC), Salamanders (DLC), or the Dark Angels (DLC). All the different chapters have their own special perks which are varied enough to keep each group at least a little different. I haven't bought the DLC chapters, but their descriptions sound like they are pretty cool in their own rights.The game gets a bit repetative, so it is better in small bursts like when your just looking to kill time; so, if you're a W40K fan and looking for some xenos killing fun, this is a great game game to pick up when it's on sale."
76561198000276844,Recommended,317620,13823998,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cooter,"It's dark, dangerous, features disturbingly human monstrosities, and features Adeptus Astartes with fangs.  Thumbs ups!"
76561198105665051,Recommended,317620,14297595,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rautio,"Very pleased with this game.The graphics are good, the dark fog of war enviroment makes the game more challenging and enjoyable, you have to slightly explore the maps, there are workarounds to this, so people are free to use them if they want.Speed of the game on my pc is fast, some people have reported problems with slowness but this has not affected me.The 4 chapters they use are great and I would like to see more added., and the level cap, number of skills slots and item slots increased.There are a couple of bugs the main one being that acid resistance does not work yet, but we are awaiting an update to fix this. Doors sometimes appear as closed when destroyed.The save game feature could be more intelligent, at this time to start a new save game for another chapter you have to delete the autosave, then create a new manual save, they could do with tidying this up.If you want a simple to play space game that is turn based and requires some tactical thinking then this is the one you might want to try."
76561197982931761,Recommended,317620,22907060,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,]NS[ Duymon / (PG)Reet,It's a great game and I wish we could get more :(Guess this will tide me over until Space Hulk: Deathwing is out
76561197982422744,Recommended,317620,13007381,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CalgarMA,Very good game! One of the best on Warhammer 40k universe!
76561198041091179,Recommended,317620,29345776,Posted: 18 January,all,Daivahataka,"Much slower version of the XCOM games because you have to play much more defensively as frankly your big bad terminators are as weak as kittens up close. Bit disappointing to see that deviation from the game, these are supposed to be the shock troops afterall, not just the ordinary space marines, so you would expect them to be pretty tough.Due to this you'll need to save every turn as all you need is one enemy to get in close and you can lose a team member. There is an autosave but it only uses one slot so it's not really much use for rollbacks.Although clearly done for atmosphere there's also a bit of an issue with the visibility on some maps where there's a specific route you have to take but unless you up the gamma you'll never see it.There doesn't seem to be a great variety of gear and after the first level additional level-ups seem a bit meh due to the increase in cost for stats.Still if you're a fan of the XCOM series or other similar turn based games you should enjoy this."
,Recommended,317620,12991537,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Micky Serendipity,"Ascension makes the last release look like an alpha.Between squad customisation (even if somewhat limited), a (so far) sweet campaign, and the improved handling of combat, WH40K fans finally have another good game to keep the other three company.Only thing I would ask for updates/DLC is more marine options, such as weapons, skills, cosmetics/color selection."
76561197972501959,Recommended,317620,12992050,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BaldBaboon [ARRSE],"This new take on the traditional Space Hulk boardgame is an absolute joy to play, I liked the accurate to the original Space Hulk from the other year, this one builds on that.The graphics and animation appear better, but its the little elements added to the game that count, it now really does pay to keep your Marines alive and to get them to the next mission. They gain experience slowly, that enables you to steer them down specialist skills by improving their stats or generally improves their rank and file performance, weapon skill for melee, ballistic skill for the guns, you got toughness and focus ( pysker ) and perception for spotting....you got extra skills to add onto their loadout for certain roles or weapons.The Genestealers get a good boost, they now have a good selection of mutations that they can field with, scything claws, fleshhooks and toxin sacs being some.The developers are very communicative and seem up for the idea for the community to give them ideas on weapons,armour,chapters etc...I like it, you might as well"
76561197984180684,Recommended,317620,12969877,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Draig,"Really enjoyable version of the game, much better than the first edition. With the discounts worth a buy."
,Recommended,317620,12971986,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,PatTheDemon,Enormous upgrade from its' predeccessor!
76561198095357930,Recommended,317620,31019562,Posted: 8 April,all,Raptor Joe,"If you're a fan of both Warhammer 40K and turn-based strategy games, you'll enjoy this.Some of the mechanics are a bit silly (if you know how many tiles a genestealer can move, it becomes stupidly easy to keep them at bay), and the balance is kind of wonky (melee is terrible, never go full melee), but the core of the game is solid. Definitely worth it if it goes on sale."
76561198015466883,Recommended,317620,12923831,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tessienne,"I'm liking it so far after ~6 hours of play.  I see some people comparing X-Com Enemy Unknown to this game, but aside from both being turn based games where you kill aliens, they really don't have much else in common.X-Com: EU has more simulation type things to it like base building, research, resource management, etc.  Space Hulk seems more about just killing aliens and completing missions, though there are some RPG elements like troops gaining experience, skills, weapons, etc."
76561198012423214,Recommended,317620,12921728,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,rockhopped2,"I'll start by saying that I still enjoy playing Full Controls' original release of Space Hulk.I had no qualms with purchasing (pre-ordered) their next release Space hulk : Ascension Edition, in my humble opinion FC have hit the nail on the head with this version. They have listened to the community and have delivered. Other reviews have explained the concept/similarities/differences of the game so I wont go into detail.All I'll say is that Space Hulk has.... Acsended!!Great job Full Control."
,Recommended,317620,13020605,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rance,"PURGE XENOS SCUM, IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRAH!DEATH TO THE ENEMIES OF THE IMPERIUM!"
76561197981422860,Recommended,317620,12939118,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Serlo,Great game.  It goes far and beyond the earlier version that just reproduced the boardgame.
76561197971575738,Not Recommended,317620,19921003,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,JackAshley,"DO NOT BUY - Bought this item last time on sale, and had to get a refund.Game has been broken since August patch update, and developer has left the game / wound up.  Not broken as in technical  performance issues, broken as in levels cannot be completed due to in game glitches, meaning you can only progress to a certain point.  Game was apparently good before that.The fact that despite my complaints, Steam has left this game for sale is a mystery - even slashed the price!  If it were only $1.00 I guess that would be OK, since you cant make it past the second level..."
76561198058370266,Not Recommended,317620,29615977,Posted: 31 January,all,Fallacy,"Seems like a great idea but is extremely repetitive; felt like I had done everything after just 1 campagin.It's also grindy as F**K. Seriously. All weapons, perks, attributes, and equipment are locked behind a xp wall which forces you to grind but you are limited to 500 xp per Terminator per mission (and you'll need a lot more than that to unlock the good stuff).Overall it felt like a waste of time; originally you could farm a level indefinitely but the developers decided that they didn't like that and thus removed it from the game so now you have to farm through the entire campagin...Pick it up if you're a fan of 40k and TBS games and on sale only as there is not enough content to warrant the full price (there's F**KING DLC factions?) (and on that note, apparently the compay went under so you won't be seeing any changes to the game, what you see is what you get; a messy pile of S**T)"
76561198025093178,Recommended,317620,31246419,Posted: 19 April,all,ihKu47,"A fun if not super varied title in its genre. People complaining about RNG just don't know how to plan ahead and set up redundancy in the fire zones, it's much more forgiving and makes more sense than in XCOM: Enemy Unkown. If you use your sense, meaning you try to force genestealers to run at you from afar when you use ranged weapons, have a space marine to cover for another one, overwatch at corners for melee guys, use flame throwers for area denial etc. you'll be fine. If you keep getting your marines killed, just save spam and reroll."
76561198049876641,Recommended,317620,14787129,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Terran117,"Overall, 40K fans aren't desperate for amazing games, and while this game isn't really newsworthy, it's still a solid game and reccomendatio for all 40k fans. Having played the board game, I enjoyed this adaptaion immensely.This game had a bit of an XCOM feel to it, which is a great sign IMO.Ascenion can essentially be described as a turn based grid tactical rpg survival horror in space with Space Knights/Vampire/Werewolves fighting xenmorphs. Derp. It's still pretty good.Pros:Solid combat.Really makes you think with your tactics.A great adaptation that catches the feel of the board game, while also being its own distinct game.RPG mechanics work well, you can grow attached to your squads.Good atmosphere.Music.Gameplay length is awesome for the price.Cons:Limited Space Marine dialogue that kinda gets old and bland quickly.Visuals are meh and murky.Some cheap deaths.Some game breaks where you can literally camp and just wait until Genestealers are dead.Overall, this is a reccomendation for 40K fans and everyone who likes turn based combat. Normal gamers won't find anything too special, but the price is low enough with good replay value.Overall score: 7.8/10"
76561198042072548,Recommended,317620,14786416,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"Surprised and absolutly happy with this purchase. It caught my attention as i had previously played space hulk, but this is above and beyond what i expected for a sequel. Although the gameplay is quite dark (literally) it adds to the experience well.Speaking of experience, this game has a steep learning curve, but its the little things, for example: move a space marine forwards = 1 move, move him backwards = 2 moves.. simple huh? WRONG! Get a group of 4 high protein diet lumbering space marines into the confined spaces of a ship and these small things become a tactical nightmare. If you have one guy watching the walkway behind the team, he will move at half their speed (that's a problem), or take the other mechanic where one space marine cannot squeeze past another.. come to a crossroad then what do you do?These small things make this a very strategic game, but mark my words, your men will die, which is a shame as good men are literally hard to find in this game because when a guy dies, HE ACTUALLY DIES and you can kiss him and his perks, training and on the job skills goodbye. The Result = you will be jumping at the chance to sacrifice rookies for vets.Frustrating, strategic, depressing, fun and nuturing all in one package, what more could you want? And bravo to the devs for the space marine vision camera on all marines, upgraded look and feel and more in-depth game play (like bolters overheating).For the price i suggest you pick up a copy asap, a fine example of the end result exceeding the sum of its parts. So get your team in there, what could possibly go wrong?"
,Recommended,317620,14902909,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Naiche,"This is more than merely ""Classic Space Hulk,"" it's the next step in an incredibly tense game! I've played this game, since the original came out, and [chapter aside] this is what my imagination saw as we threw dice, and fought for every inch of board. This game brings not only the original joy, but adds the growing experience factor that really got me hooked! If you enjoyed the other Space Hulk game, you'll love Ascension!"
,Recommended,317620,15388273,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Revolver Ocelot,If this game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥any harder then i would have to remove my balloons of cocaine.
76561197965279936,Recommended,317620,15055170,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Blueflame451,"An enjoyable RPG-ish adaptation of SPACE HULK. Really fun turn based gameplay, and if you play on hard difficulty it can be quite challenging too!Unlike FC's first Space Hulk game that, like the board game, shows you the whole map this one you have to scout out to get the layout. At first I was unsure about this approach but I realized how much tension and challenge this adds and it makes playing some maps especially exciting.My only critique would be to say the maps are sometime very dark and it can be hard to judge distance/tiles on those maps (remember to count out those 6 precious square to know if you might be lunch for some alien filth).Overall though lots of fun and just like the first one a good challenging turn based experience. Plus unlocking new weapons, gear and skills for your spacemarines is lots of fun."
,Recommended,317620,16591277,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"entertaining game. better graphics than the pre-released space hulk and some nice changes and additions, like the level system for your marines. i first disliked the missing minimap and the darkness, but after all its better for the atmosphere, so i count this as a plus aswell. and lots of achievements, i like that :) thumbs up."
76561197970350320,Recommended,317620,13666274,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LLv34 Flanker,"S!As a fan of Warhammer 40k and missing out the original Space Hulk aeons ago, was very pleased to spot the new Space Hulk and Space Hulk : Ascension to emerge. While the first is a straight ""board game to PC"" conversion, it offers tough gameplay. Ascension, even a bit more ""streamlined"", is like a gateway to Warhammer 40k to newer players. It is a tough one, but also modernized making gameplay more fun. Graphics are nice as well and with tweaking options for sure will run on your rig.TL;DR Want death and claustrophobia around every corner? Welcome to Space Hulk!"
76561197992847087,Recommended,317620,13855540,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Blazer9er,"Excellent Game! Two-thumbs up!Warhammer 40k lovers, rejoice!  This Space Hulk TBS is sure to make you feel right at home if you love the genre and the dark universe this game is set in.  Nothing beats pulverising Genestealer to a fine red pulp and then trudging over it as you move further down the dark corridor in search of your next target!"
76561198036775336,Recommended,317620,13751940,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Spring,This is the space hulk game I've been waiting for.
,Recommended,317620,14709348,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Alaizon,X-com + Warhammer 40k + claustrophic tunnels = Space Hulk Ascension
76561198005705549,Recommended,317620,32016337,Posted: 28 May,all,SoS,"Good. This is what the first version should have been. It stays true to the original boardgame but actually takes advandage of being a computer game and adds to it. Loads more missions too.Lack of multiplayer is a downside, you'd have to buy the inferior first version for that. Addition of a level editor so people could make/tweak levels and post them online would have done wonders for this game, but then I guess they wouldn't have been able to sell all that DLC.Veteran players of the boardgame will probably rip through this like a chainsaw through a chicken unless you stick it on hardmode, certainly once your guys start to level up they will get a bit OP. When your termies can outrun a genestealer in a straight line it does get a bit easy."
76561198176480739,Recommended,317620,22502900,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Buddy Tune,great game! but lots of thinking and making sure your dudes don't get destroyed.
76561198067574377,Recommended,317620,21267659,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Commander Teizan,Worthy.
76561197985555567,Recommended,317620,13686027,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Graham[IE],"UPDATE  Oct '15: After a bit of playing I really got to like this game, ignore what I said below. Unfortunately the Danish developer Full Control has gone bust so there is very limited support to fix all the outstanding bugs. The unfixed bugs don't completely spoil the game and I'm still playing but it is a shame.If anyone is thinking of purchasing this game I recommend you try to get it when discounted.+++++ORIGINAL+++++They have changed a fundamental part of the game by introducing the fog of war i.e. you cannot see the map beyond a certain range. This in my view is a big step backwards from the first Space Hulk game. It makes it very difficult to strategise when you cannot see the map or know how to position your space marines..I'm hoping this will be changed otherwise I won't be playing for very long. A bit disappointed tbh."
76561198004686603,Recommended,317620,13749135,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"Space Hulk Ascension (SHA) is a Turn Based Strategy Game based on the Board Game and a follow on to last years Space Hulk (SH), made by the same Dev's.First things first, the difference between SHA and SH.  SH was more a direct port from Board Game to Computer, while pleasing for fans of the board game, it was not (imo) that great a transition to computer for non Board Game fans.  SHA addresses this by making the game more suited for the medium.  Some differences- Hit % now replace random dice rolls- 3 Chapters to choose from (4th available as DLC)- Terminators can be customised from looks to name- Terminators can gain XP and be lvled up and customised- Generally more ""friendly"" to new playersAs for the game itself?  If you like Warhammer 40k and Turn Based games then this is a very good game.  It is slower based than games like X-Com (Modern version) mainly due to the fact you are fighting a very dangerous foe which means, while the levels themselves are not massive, you progress slowly & cautiously (or else face the consequences! :D)You have a few different classes of Terminators (Units) and can upgrade them as they gain XP.  It is a welcome addition and causes some tough decesions as if things go wrong you will want to protect your vetrans but the Upgrade/Class system is not that in depth.  Also, while there are several weapon loadouts to choose from depending on class, the weapons, especially Melee, do not feel that different from each other.Level wise, tbh they all look pretty much the same, but a variety of objectives and enemies do help keep things interesting but all follow a pretty similar format.There is not much story to be had and briefings are very minimalistic which is a shame as there is no real narrative to tie things together.  That being said, due to customisation and the painful process of getting enough XP to upgrade I did care deeply for my terminators.SummaryPros- Fun Turn Based Combat- Hard but still accessible- Customisation & lvl up options keep things interesting- Ability to burn foul Xeno's in holy fire!- TERMINATORS- Warhammer 40kCons- Lack of functional variety in some weapons, especially Melee- Levels all look alike- Lack of campaign narrativeOverall I would recommend to fans of Warhammer 40k and Turn Based Strategy"
76561198286474114,Recommended,317620,25799679,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,JerryMullins,"Good game, but here are the two problems that really bother me:1. Low FPS (could be my Integrated Graphics card, through)2. You deploy blind, and have a limited scanning range.Things that I like:1. You can customize the Terminators (for a time, I named my Terminators after Hurricanes in the Atlantic ocean)2. Your chances of survival in Close Combat have been increased to some degree from the first Space Hulk Video Game (A righteous kill!)3. If a terminator dies, he is replaced by another terminator at the same level (You will pay dearly for my brother's life!)4. The terminators talk some (*insert Terminator quote here*)5. You can play as the Ultramarines (The greatest chapter of them all)And just for the record--I played as Space Wolves on 10-1-16, got a Heavy Terminator named Vladmar, so I renamed him ""Vladimir Putin"".9/10"
76561198009444242,Recommended,317620,14006310,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,R.J. MacReady,"Excellent! A fun experience at a reasonable price, full control has a great feel for the 40k universe. Now i want them to make a terminator tactical game not set in a space hulk. Also i need the Deathwing!!!!"
76561198179160641,Recommended,317620,20100217,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,masterchief1203,"I personally love this game.It has good graphics and is a great strategy game.I still have a couple problems.#1 In some missions you have to kill a tech marine/ iron priest who was abducted by tyranids and is on hte ground. One hour of gameplay and over 70+ Xenos slain in melee alone, i get to the room with my heavy terminator equipped with an assault cannon. The reason is that the objective CLEARLY states that you can shoot OR burn the marine. The game appears to be either bugged or the objective is wrong because none of my marines would shoot it.#2 The creators of this game cant calculate properly. My Space Wolf seargent with a pair of wolf claws has a 90% chance of hitting a genestealer. THIS DOES NOT CALCULATE THAT 9 OUT OF 10 BATTLES WILL RESULT IN A TYRANID KILLING A SPACE MARINE. THIS SHOULD MEAN THAT 9 OUT OF 10 BATTLES  WILL RESULT WITH A TERMINATOR KILLING THE TYRANID.other wise this a good game but be warned of its bugs"
76561198038867851,Recommended,317620,13781456,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rhace,"It's great, it really is. It's a lot like the original Space Hulk, and comes with some things of its own to make each mission a varied and fun battle against the genestealer hordes. You've got the squad of terminators from a certain chapter that you pick at first, and have a host of upgrades in the form of skills and weapons that you can choose from. Then there are the classes for each, with the standard terminator to the sergeants to the librarians. Each Chapter also gives a special ability or unit, such as the Dark Angel's Apothecary or the Space Wolves' Frost Weapons.There is also permadeath, because it wouldn't be Space Hulk if it didn't have that. This gives you an incentive to keep your guys alive, because while if they die you get a person on that same level as a replacement, it also drops them to the base exp for that level. It's also great to see your Space Marines get better and better. You start to get attached to your men, and when they die you feel as if you got hit yourself.A good example of this was when I was doing a mission to hold back a certain number of genestealers. I can't remember the exact number, only that there were a LOT. My Space Wolves were split into two teams, each in a room desperately trying to hold off the swarm. These thing kill in one hit, and I had already lost three of the Emperor's Finest to them. One of the rooms were going to be fine, with my men covering one another. However, the other room was only just holding them back. This squad was going to die if someone didn't do something.The sergeant stepped in front of the door that the genestealers were going through, and he was going to hold that line. There were only about twenty of the xenos left, but the chance of overunning was still very real. Remember that these things killed in one hit. Sergeant Alfgeir killed one of the aliens. And then another, and another, and one after that. He defeated eight of the xenos in a row, without taking a single hit! There were only six of them left! They could get out of this!I was still celebrating when Alfgeir was suddenly torn to shreds by one of the last genestealers.My Space Wolves won that battle, with four casualties. Alfgeir was replaced by a new Sergeant, with the same frost blade that he used to use. I was both sad and excited. Sad because Alfgeir was a Wolf who could have lived had I made better choices, but also excited because this new Sergeant, Bothvar, was going to do some equally heroic. Maybe he would live, maybe he would die, but I know that whatever happened, he was going to drag the xenos down with him like Alfgeir did."
76561198006722492,Recommended,317620,16531351,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,rchilton,"A great comeback! After the perhaps-too-true-to-the-boardgame Space Hulk, Ascension is freed up to be something a little more interesting.  Rules tweak, tactical opportunities expand, and it's just a much better game for PC than the much beloved board game."
,Recommended,317620,14817563,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Zeke,"Finally, a turn-based Space Hulk game like the tabletop! Now, this game does has some drawbacks, but it does a lot right.First thing, there is no story. Think of REASON X for the Imperium of Man to risk the most powerful warriors and fairly powerful equipment, both of which that could be used elsewhere. If you want a story, google Flashgitz and watch their two parodies of Space Hulk then rename your space marines after the poor sods featured in the flash animation.But since this is a GAME, I'll judge it as such:PROS:+Sound effects are amazing. The Genestealers sound like Xenomorphs, but who cares it works. The space marines and everything having to do with them sounds amazing. When you bash xeno scum with a powerfist or gun them down with a botler, it sounds amazing.+Atmosphere! It is simply amazing. Seriously, it is really good. I hope Space Hulk Deathwing has the same, but more.+Permadeath options. Normal difficulty has your space marine die and the replacement be at the same level. Hard is ""Nupe. He dead."" Even though on normal you are given a replacement, you still grow attached to the Sergent named Leto and ♥♥♥♥♥ when he gets swarmed to death.+Everything looks Warhammer 40k. Parts of the space hulk, the marines, and the genestealers. I love the art design and wish there were more good Warhammer 40k games.+Turn based stuff done with lots of stats and numbers. This game WILL bash your brains in if you stat your marines wrong. Good. I like that, a lot. It means my choices have consequences. It really brings out some strategy rather than rush over and kill. You will need to plan ahead, otherwise, you risk death. When a genestealer kills the space marine guarding the rear, your entire plan will fall apart.+This is probably one of the closet things you'll get apart from actually playing Space Hulk on a table.MIXED:+/-the asking price is far too high. If you really want a good turn-based, I'd say burn the $30 or go get XCOM, but $17.99 (what I paid) is perfect for this.+/-The really cool picture-in-picture mode is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but it lags. Thankfully, you can switch it off or on whenever to save the framerate. HOWEVER, it shouldn't tank the framerate.+/-Some of the missions can get repetitive, but they are still enjoyable. If people can play the same COD maps over and over, you can do the same with this but feel like you've achieved something.+/-Animations are sometimes poor at times but this isn't a in-your-face shooter, so the animations are only noticable if you always zoom in, which you won't be.+/-AI lacks any ability other than SWARM THE PLAYER!!!!! The game still requires managing how the swarm charges and having the space marines ready. I'd like it better if the genestealers could set traps or build up then charge from all doors instead of swarming down that one hallway. Howwver, that hallway can kill you if one marine runs out of ammo.+/-There's almost no reason not to play the Ultramarines or Blood Angels over the Space Wolves. I really love having different chapters (two more are DLC) for different stats and playstyles, but there's no reason ever to play as the Space Wolves unless you want ultra-hard mode. All chapters per squad of five have one sergent or librarian, one heavy, and three wildcards. Ultramarines have three ranges, Blood Angels have two/one ranged and one/two melee, and the Space Wolves have three melee. Melee classes can use bolters or two-hand Lighting claws or the power hammer, but they do have worse aim at range. Why is this a problem? See below.CONS:-Melee is utterly pointless and dangerous. I'm not talking about the counter-attacks that are sometimes possible by a space marine before a genestealer rips them apart, heck no I'm talking about worse! If you have a 97% chance to hit melee and miss, you are dead. There's absolutely no reason to do a melee attack UNLESS it is 100% (like from the sides or behind). If the melee attacks had more HP at the start, it'd be worth the risk, but there isn't any difference until later ranks. Even then, it means if you have a 3% to fail an attack and die, you still won't risk it. If melee was done differently, I'd love to try it out more, but as it stands, it is just a death sentence.-Space Wolves, since they are melee focused, are completely pointless unless you want the game to be harder. Seriously, just play hard mode with the Smurfs or Space Vampires.-DLC is a tad too expensive for what it offers. If they were $2 or less, maybe.-NO MULTIPLAYER OF ANY KIND!Closing:I'd give this game a B because it does what I expected it to be: Be a good virtual version of Space Hulk. Now, let's all pray to the God Emperor that Space Hulk Deathwing is good."
,Recommended,317620,24139082,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CommanderCody1138,"Although some areas may be lacking in the production quality department (mainly charachter portraits, animations, and the user interface), overall the game is very solid. Once you spend some time with it and learn to work around the quirks of its UI then its pretty fun. The RPG like elements really give you a sense of progression, making each mission more fun. It also helps break up the ""been here, done this"" feel, since the maps can start to look rather similar after a few missions.Pros:- Great Atmosphere, dread for days.- lots of tactics required to win.- visuals are nice.Cons:- NO DAMN UNDO BUTTON has lead to at least one game over so far from me accidentally walking a terminator to his doom do the wonky UI.- Content will start to look/feel similar after a while. play a level a day."
,Recommended,317620,14711477,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,knapplesauce,"A fantastic game that really does the original justice.  I cannot recommend this game enough for anyone familiar with the 40k universe.  Watching the progress of your terminators as they struggle to purge the genestealers, you actually start to grow attached to them.  Solid ""A""."
76561197972710604,Recommended,317620,14736862,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Quiarcus,"In the grim darkness of the 41st millennium, there is only turn-based combatSpace Hulk Ascension is Full Control's second stab at converting Game Workshops venerable Space Hulk board game into a digital format. Their first attempt - simply titled Space Hulk - was poorly received on the whole, being criticised for a somewhat buggy launch and for being a literal interpretation of the source material. So, how does their second outing fair in comparison?Same ruleset, different approachThe first thing to know is that Full Control have not reinvented the wheel with this second outing. The core concepts from the board game (and thus their first outing) are still very much on display. You still only receive a small squad of soldiers (Terminators) to face off against a horde of vicious aliens (Generstealers). Careful positioning of your Terminators is still the number one priority and poor placement can lead to things going messy very quickly. Overheating of weapons is still present and is as deadly as always, and the surroundings are still the claustrophobic halls of long derelict space craft. So what’s different?The six sided dice are gone. Wisely Full Control have moved the entire combat system over to a percentile base, which seems far more forgiving that the D6 based system found in the first game. The chance to hit a target is clearly displayed each and every time as are the factors influencing that number – giving the player a far better idea of whether they are likely to score a hit or not than the randomness of the previous iteration. Weapons jams are still an issue, but rather than occurring on a dice result they are caused by continuous fire while in Overwatch (an action taken by terminators allowing them to fire during the Genestealers movement); this feels both far more realistic and fair, whilst adding another layer of decision making to the gameplay: do you spend the action points (of which each terminator only has a limited supply of per turn) on movement, taking an extra shot, or cooling you weapon and settling in for a defensive overwatch?In addition to the mechanical changes of the game play, Full Control have added a layer of squad management to the game similar to that found in the X-Com games. Each terminator is able to level up and as they do so they become more deadly fighters, gaining access to better weapons, equipment, and skills. Experience points can be distributed between six different attributes allowing a measure of customisation within your squad, and these choices have a noticeable impact on gameplay and the results of combat during missions.The campaign system has also received a little bit of attention, with branching mission lines and flash missions that crop up between the main strokes, giving you the opportunity to hunt down bonuses (such as extra XP per kill, increased melee skills, increased chance to hit at range, each applied to the following mission) or rare and powerful weapon upgrades. There is also greater scope present than in the first – instead of just one force (Chapter) of Terminator you now get to choose from three – each with their own themed campaign that feels distinctly different to the others.Still PrettySo what’s stayed the same? The atmosphere. The first game did a great job of bringing the derelict space craft you were on to life, and the Ascension edition is no different. Light flicker to life as your terminators explore new rooms and corridors. Steam hisses out of ruptured vents and fan assemblies, and chapels and reliquaries can still be seen just out of reach. The game is, for a turn based strategy game, gorgeous. A great deal of love and attention has been lavished on each of the character models and it pays off – with terminators armour becoming more ornate as they level. The lighting and special effects are just as beautiful as they were the first time around.Tough but fairOverall, Space Hulk Ascension can be a brutal affair, punishing poor decisions in very short order and wiping the floor with the unprepared or impatient. This game most definitely is not for those of a short attention span or that need fast paced entertainment to have fun. It rewards careful planning and caution. If you take the time to position your men correctly and establish covering fields of fire, then the game is quite easy (save for when faced by some of the tougher enemies that turn up late game). But just one mistake can see a great number of your troops killed in a single turn, leaving little chance of completing your objectives.Is it worth it?If you like turn-based strategy then most definitely. There’s a lot to like here and quite a bit of gameplay for the money, and a degree of replay ability thanks to the levelling and equipment systems, as well as the branching campaigns. However, if you do not have patience and get frustrated easily, then this may not be for you. If you want a better look at the game before diving in, feel free to check out my gameplay series of the Imperial Fists DLC on Youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=572LUTZ0BxM"
76561198104288156,Recommended,317620,14575473,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dragonshadow,"Have to say after alot of years playing GW games  on pc, this is one the best conversions to date.Takes the spirt of the table top but adds in some great rpg aspects."
76561198035950900,Recommended,317620,15222441,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Yamshark,"A good atmospheric turn-based game. If, like me, you've played the tabletop game and enjoyed it, then you'll probably enjoy this. It's a much less frustrating version than the previous Space Hulk game released here on Steam as Genestealers die more often and your Marines don't. Saying that though, your Marines do die and that can be frown-enducing but still you push on; the goal must be attained and your Brothers must be avenged.Nice noises although a bit bang-slam at times but nice through a sound bar and/or with some bottom end on the audio. Visuals are nice, a bit dark though but obviously that is the intention. Overall a good, immersive atmosphere with a nice dose of testosterone ;)As a casual gamer (ie. I have a life that means work comes before gaming) Space Hulk Ascension does become difficult as strategies fail but I do find myself pondering strategy whilst waiting at a bus stop or in a queue to order coffee. A good sign that it sticks around in the mind above other games.A definite recommend from me and certainly buy it with DLC. It seems worth it."
76561197970592783,Recommended,317620,15447143,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,varjosoturi,This game warms the heart of an old fart. They dont make em like this anymore. Sniff.....
,Recommended,317620,15467817,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"I don't have a ton of time on this specific version of Space Hulk. I have played the physical game and the original computer game from the same company a decent amount however, and this immediately struck me as a brilliantly implemented version of a great board game with reasonable and enjoyable improvements.Just based on it being a better version of the original less Ascended version, I heartily recommend Space Hulk to anyone."
76561198169022165,Recommended,317620,15526856,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,mass,"A good game, sadly with some unintended bugs that can trivialise the difficulty IF you choose to abuse them. For instance blocking GeneStealer spawns with Mines, and Loot Chest quick reloads until you get the desired (overpowered) buffs for your terminators.How much enjoyment you get from the game is basically up to your self-restraint."
,Recommended,317620,15257450,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,BrassBass,"Don't feel bad for the men who die on the missions.  They were space racists and got what was coming to them.I have enjoyed this game so far.  Easy is forgiving, but you will still get a good challange that isn't frustrating.  I never played the board game OR the first version of this game, but I am glad that this was my first taste of Space Hulk.I just wish there were other enemies then genestealers...8/10: Would buy a sequal.  (Too bad there will never be one...)"
76561198050565411,Recommended,317620,15348710,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Van Holstein,"well this game is only for fans of 40k universe, and still i think it could be lot better, meaning the close combat system in this version is very risky as other all ready has pointed out, you lose if trying going full close combat mode, but have just done the blood Angel compain, for me, it is worth the money.you will have sitiuation where you think it is impossible to get trough this mission, but in the end, there is a way to get trough.it take a lot of your time as always game does best. robe your money and then your time :D i have nothing bad to say really since it is in a world i still think there are far too few games at, GW hold there games to the board as it is very fun to play, but i could use more and the hole set up for 40k universe.the stile and idea behind turn base games, does normal catch me but since it is 40k GW base game it is okay. i rather had hope for a first person viwe when walking trough out the hulk and then it might have been awesome. but it is a good and works great.that it for me greetings jess"
,Recommended,317620,15734276,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Falcon,Solid game that was a lot of fun the first 50%... got boring towards the end as you leveled out your guys and just wanted to finish out the game
76561197976369681,Recommended,317620,15198366,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ManHack Gene,Some of the things i love most about the warhammer 40K universe are right here in this game - Terminators!!. You get to field two squads of Terminators against hordes of Genestealer mobs. They look badass and the customisation options are cool albiet limited.Librarians/Rune Priets are brutal with their aoe psychic attacks (overpowered but fits with Warhammer lore and you can only ever field one unless playing Space Wolves).A few spelling mistakes in some of the mission desriptions but overall i thought it was well written in typical warhammer fashion.Mobs and levels can become a bit repetitive but overall is an enjoyable experience with solid combat mechanics and level design.In closing this game is a solid foray into the 40K universe and one that i recommend.
76561197960396940,Recommended,317620,15274733,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,The Iron Duke,"Fun if you are a fan of Warhammer: 40,000 and turn-based tactical games.  Certainly gets repetitive after awhile."
76561197962020888,Recommended,317620,15532583,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jamrock,It's a solid game. Does what it says on the box. Nothing more nothing less. It gets a bit repetitive after some time but splashing gene stealers and advancing you terminators is gratifing enough. Not as complex as UFO for example but still good enough.
76561198070110027,Recommended,317620,15932554,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,paul.mcintosh88,This game is awesome - anyone who played the original board game in the 80's will love it.  The major difference is the lack of time limit (normally 2 1/2 minutes per turn) and no command points.My only concern is that the upgrade system eventually makes it very easy to win if you have veteran marines - best to restart with a new squad every some often to feel like you are really being challenged.I'm going to break out the board game soon and see if all the practice helps with my previously lamentable record as a marine.
,Recommended,317620,15781245,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Nightmare Dizty Doo,I dont know why there is hate for this game I love the fact they upped the general game play and tossed out the dice bull S***every thing is prettier over all runs pretty good on my machinelove that you have to level charters and and then  they keep their levels and experience over to the other campaigns this♥♥♥♥♥♥was needed alot soonerweapons and camras for the space mearines sound and work pretty well and the game it self is hardONE and the only one draw back i can see is the heavy flamer Appolyon (one of my heavy weapon space marines ) winds up downing 1/2 or more all genstealers in a mission becuase that thing is over powered as hellBut i do love that is OP in the way it is it requires a bit of strat to do something where he burns scores of geanstellers for 4-6 turns by him self10 outa A+ super awesome sauce becuase number ratings are bull♥♥♥♥♥♥on games them selvesOver all fun game it takes a bit to get used to but it is a  sure thing for 40k fans
76561197970552320,Recommended,317620,13691305,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Oily O Rag OO9,Love this game .. very slow paced but with lots of tension .. the next move could be your last ...
76561197970668950,Recommended,317620,13857099,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SPONGE,"Much improved over the previous title, which I quite enjoyed irrespective of some of the reviews.This time round there are far superior visuals, game looks very good on 4k res I must say.There are also some nice changes to the mechanics of the game; such as RPG style leveling, making the permadeath of your more veteran squad members & unlocked perks tough to take on higher difficulties. I was also glad to see a change to the 'weapon jammed' issue from the first game, god that was annoying, in this version the weapons overheat instead (you can spend action points to cool/unjam in a more controlled way), which I feel has brought a more balanced feel & thankfully less of the FFS inducing randomness of the last version.Certainly worth getting still if you have the previous game, theres more than enough difference in content & a reasonable shout at re-playability with the different legions & DLC*Play on the higher difficulty levels to get the most out of this gameOverall+ Looks great+ RPG style character leveling, unlocks & customisation are a nice touch+ New mechancis balance play issues from previous title+ Rename the marines as your mates & see who survives!- Missions can get a little repetitive8/10"
76561198022834010,Recommended,317620,13700950,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fatdrummy,As an old space hulk and chaos gate player i love this game
76561197981617202,Recommended,317620,25105414,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SpaceBear,I would recommend this game for anyone interested in turn based strat.  Many improvements over the previous versions.
76561198170054770,Recommended,317620,25815560,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Thursdaythe12th,"Tense, and at times frustrating, turn based squad tactical game with RPG elements.Tons of missions to do. At 145 hours I'm about 3/4 through all the missions.Complaint is hard seems too hard - but after your squad gets to level7+ on normal the game becaome too easy and doesn't scale with squad level. You can't change the difficulty after starting either.Get on sale."
,Recommended,317620,14348283,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gifty,"It's clanky, it's confusing, it's buggy, and I love it. If you can scale its eccentricities, it's got hours and hours of scary, atmospheric, bug-blasting fun. You'll always remember the time your flamethrower stayed behind and sacrificed himself so that his battle brothers could reach the exit alive."
,Recommended,317620,34537858,Posted: 27 August,all,Paul KT,"This is the game Space Hulk should have been.  Rather than a 100% faithful adaption of the board game, they have modified it to take advantage of a computer doing all the heavy lifting.  6 sided dice are replaced with percentage system, giving you a clear indication of how likey you are to hit.Your terminator marines have RPG style stats allowing you to customise them though the campaign, which increases the pain when you loose them (in a good way).Most importantly you get the full range of weapons and Librarian abilities from the board game expansions.My only complaint is the price, which is high for an older game, but very occationaly it comes on sale with all the DLC and that's when you should buy it."
76561197995170830,Recommended,317620,20266525,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Caligo,"Ignore the nay sayers, this game is really good. I love turn based strategy and this game delivers. I love how when trying to escape an area it feels as if you are just about to be overrun, every time, might just be because Im not good at the game yet. This game feels really intensive and I regret not buying earlier due to the bad reviews.Obligatory For the Emperor"
76561198006907574,Recommended,317620,13713865,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mctoffeeman,I was a purchaser of the original Space Hulk published before SH:Ascension. I rarely played it as it was just too difficult and unaccessible.This version is much much better. Its seemless and is very much like a 3D chess game positioning units on the map and eliminating the Xenos scurge. The combat is improved and the turns progress in a much better way.The negative is there are some little typos and with the DLC content some of the main campaign map text is obviously not updated to four chapters / four hulks.I think this game has a lot of potential to go places and reminds me of Space Crusade and earlier games.Pos:Combat and eliminating the Xenos scum in a hail of bolter fire and flamersRPG elements of building your Space Marine units into veteran battle brothersCons:Few little typosLack of cut scenes and main narrativesNeeds more content like voice overs; units and variation in mission mapsThis game would also work very well in my view on a tablet if edition becomes available due to the nature of the game play.I'm constantly saving my games as I work out the map.Very enjoyable game up to now. Much more so than the earlier version of Space Hulk.
,Recommended,317620,23993809,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TooNu,"I've enjoyed playing Space hulk these last few days. Just me versus the AI. I've not encountered a bug or anything I consider game breaking.Turn based strategy, sci-fi setting, decent lighting and sound, good theme. Overall it's pretty good."
76561197987664334,Recommended,317620,15099532,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Eddie Krueger,"If you liked the previous Space Hulk, then you will love this. I dare to say that the developer team managed to improve a few aspects of the game (for example there is leveling), while avoided messing up others. Good job! My only problem is the same as with all of the Space Hulk games: it's nice that we have melee weapons, and I understand that there should be a way for the genestealers to have some chance, but since in melee you can easily die while you attack, I avoid melee as if the genestealers spread leprosy. Maybe I'll try Blood Angels once, a melee specific faction, but I will prepare myself for heavy losses.Anyway, SH:A is not a too short game either; right now the counter stays on 12 played hours, and I am at about two-thirds of my first campaign - although I don't rush, I never rush -, so I'd say it was well worth the price tag."
76561198017218758,Recommended,317620,14502061,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dawgmeister,Great gameJust missing co-op and multiplayer options
76561198027885736,Not Recommended,317620,19178039,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,glass,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!This game is broken.The company has gone out of business, and any hope for a future patch to correct the current state of this game, is bleak at best.This company released a patch that left this game in an unplayable state for months and months.It seems as though someone's finally getting around to fixing this thing, but the lack of communication, and the manner in which this company has behaved, namely leaving a paying customer base in the dark, and without the ability to play the game they purchased for many months is inexcusable.Stay far far away."
76561198030868486,Recommended,317620,19152545,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kalanisman,"In its current state I recommend it if it is on sale. I'm not sure if this is a review so much as a heads up. I will say that I do enjoy the game even though it does have its fair share of bugs and most of those a work around can be found herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/317620/discussions/0/490121928338594924/. If a final patch to resolve the ""mission failed"" issues does come about I whole heartedly recommend it. A patch is supposed to be in progress although the last time we heard directly from Silverleech was in August and again indirectly in September. Since then there has been no communication from him and I'm feeling dubious that a patch will be forthcoming. I do hope that I am proven wrong. I recommend it on sale because even though the majority of the game is fun and completely playable you will have to use workarounds in every campaign and follow a specific mission path for the Blood Angels and Ultramarines campaigns, there has been no posting from the developer as to the state of the game on the store page, and the Salamaders DLC is still full price even though that campaign cannot be completed due to bugs since the patch in August."
,Not Recommended,317620,20965933,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Riaktion,"Ah Space Hulk Ascension, you're a paradox. Certainly an evolution on the original Space Hulk game from Full Control (which was a 1:1 conversion of the board game), but in other ways a step backwards. At least for me.All the extra stats and skills, made it too complicated as far as I was concerned and although for some this meant extra tactical depth, for me this translated into fiddly micromanagement (one of my biggest gaming turn offs). The extra layers of Space Marine attributes, unlocking of new weapons, new Genestealer types and less dice rolls all seem to make sense for a changed and updated version of the game, and I know for a lot of people Ascension is the Space Hulk game that should have been made in the first place.But it just never rang true for me, throughout my 9 hours of play, I read guides, I tried the different Space MArine chapters and campaigns (even buying additional DLC) but eventually I realised I just wasn't enjoying it. I was trying to make the game live up to what I wanted rather than what it was and in truth I think the original Space Hulk from Full Control is more for me. I prefer the strong risk to reward mechanics of the original version and I enjoy the bad dice rolls that can cause chaos in a well laid plan. That version is simple and straight forward and when it comes to this game, less is more.On a side note, SH:A also has some serious performance issues, which despite upgrading my graphics card to a GTX 970, changing to an SSD, doubling the RAM to 16gb and upgrading to a top of the line processor (i7 4790k) throughout the life of owning this game, it made a blind bit of difference. Even playing on the lowest possible settings would cause the game to bog down to sub 30fps eventually... and perhaps another example of were less (in this case graphical bells and whistles) is more. That said, it could just be this build of the Unity engine, a few other Unity games have had similar bizarre performance issues on my computer, albeit nowhere near as bad as this.If you can look past the crippling performance concerns this is certainly a good game for some, but for me, not the ""Ascension"" I was looking for."
76561198033939961,Not Recommended,317620,19784543,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,rrasensio,"Too many bugs, nice game, but too many bugs..."
76561198014921375,Not Recommended,317620,14797784,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,cosmicandre,A dissapointment. It's not nearly as enjoyable as hoped. The idea of a lot of single file corridor fighting is more laborious and tedious than anticipated. The 1 shot deaths of your guys is unfun. The leveling / attribute system / weapon upgrades all feel insignificant and somewhat mundane. Getting a bonus to hit is just...boring.Not worth the full price. Will force through some more missions to see if things improve and will re-evaluate the review in that case.
76561198012764781,Recommended,317620,13466939,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheDeus,"Update 31/01/2016 :Since patch 1.4.1, most of the bugs are corrected.One of the best turn based strategic game.Epic and long campains, various ennemis, terminators leveling very addictive.Do not hesitate if you like Space Hulk or W40k universe and turn based games.Notes :Dark environnement with death at nearly each corner. Lots of weapon at your disposal to eradicate the infestation or just increase your life time. Flash missions to find relic weapons. And a lot of chapters to try different gameplays, from longe range to close combat passing by plasma, flames, rocket and turret. Form your squad, choose your weapons and skills, then survive!Comment about DLC :Imperial Fist => my favorite chapter, with the best close combat survivability (A must have).Salamanders => campain very laggy with low fps .Dark Angel => very complex and challenging mission (A must have).Chapters DLC => only armour colour changes (mainly useless).(French) 20/12/2014 :En un mot Excellent.J'avais apprécié les précédents opus sur le même thème (Space Hulk), mais celui-ci les surpasse dans tous les domaines.Beaucoup plus de contenu sans DLC, campagne plus longue, ennemis variés et le leveling des terminators ajoute une nouvelle dimension. Petit bémol pour les personnages au Corps à Corps qui sont fortement désavantagés en terme d'expérience.Si vous aimez, Space Hulk, ou les jeux de stratégie en tour par tour, n'hésitez pas."
,Recommended,317620,25414365,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,YoRHa No.2 Type B (2B),"A short experience of the game.Ive played the tabletop board game and it was awesome.This game brings it to the new level...except for one thing.THE RNG OF THE GAME IS MERCILESS.COME ON SPACE MARINES, YOU HAVE TARGETING OPTICS, STOP MISSING YOUR ATTACKS."
,Recommended,317620,14756402,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Pharfar,"I played the original board game for years. Since I'm a living demi-GOD in Space Hulk, I thought I set the difficulty to hard. No go, I got rekt. And again and again. This game is tuff. So now, as a real coward, I play on normal. This is the Space Hulk PC game I was hoping for. It's dark, it's slow paced (like the board game), it has Terminators! And unclean genestealers.If your life is given in service to the Emperor, your death shall not be in vain."
,Recommended,317620,14761012,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Muff,"Turn-Based Squad Level Strategy w/ RPG elementsI have been playing GW products since 1988 when they opened up a store in my neighborhood. I have been a fan ever since. I own the previous version of Space Hulk and was happy with it, even enjoying replaying some of the classic missions. I was truly ecstatic when I first played Ascension. The RPG elements, the different chapters of Astartes (Space Marines) each with their own distinct feel and flavor and not just a different skin, and the atmosphere is great. Absolutely Great.I bought it on sale but with all the content it is worth the full asking pricein my opinion. I even own the DLC which adds on alot more content and is fairly priced.If you are a fan of 40k in general you will like this game. If you like turn based strategies you will find alot of fun and challenge with this.To those new to Space Hulk or 40k in general the game can be difficult at times, the odds are always in the Genestealers favor (as is true to the classic board game). The difficulty can be tweaked i the options though.It is worth mentioning that this is nothing like the previous incarnation of Space Hulk on steam. This plays alot better and more like a Video Game then a Board Game. Which is what was intendid by the Devs. There are also alot of tweaks available to enhance the experience.I definitly recommend this game if you enjoy GW games in general. If you like squad based strategy games and/or the 40k universe you will be pleased with this game. Personally i truly love what they did to create the atmosphere and immersion. It is top notch IMO.I would warn new players tho to go thru the tutorial, even experienced Space Hulkers since the experience and mechanics are totally different then previous versions of the game. In a good way, this plays more like a Video Game then like the Board Game version, and I am sure you will enjoy it.EDIT: After playing some more I find that the close combat mechanics are even more brutal then the classic game. Even when you have a Lightning Claw equipped Terminator who in the classic game rolled 2d6+2 vs the Genestealers 3d6 usually did alright, and was useful as a kind of portable 'wall'. In this game they get beat ALOT.EDIT2: After playing evenn some more I find I love the atmosphere, really a great job. The only complaint I have is that the structure and architecture of the hulks sometimes are too 'clean'. There should be more dirt and destruction. Also, I would LOVE to see them add all the things from the original tabletop version, like space marine captains (+2 CP, and their nifty auxilary grenade launcher) as well as genestealer hybrids (and the magus). It would add a whole new level of tactics if you had hybrids with lasguns/heavy stubbers/conversion beamers shooting at you. Also the option to use power armored marines who pretty much moved like stealers (6ap base, first 90degree turn is free).They aren t as well armored as terminators and are even weaker in H2H but they are faster and get flamers/bolters/bolt pistols/chainswords/plasma guns/missle launchers/heavy bolters/las cannons and they get grenades (frag/krak/blind). And finally bring in the chaos forces.Add all the older content that you could use/play in the original tabletop like a hulk that a chaos warband is using for its fortress infested with chaos marines/cultists/terminators/daemons and a campaign that has a genestealer cult ie alot of hybrids, a genestealer magus and regular stealers. Make it available as DLC and then you would have the BEST Space Hulk experience released to date. To be honest I think this is already the best thats been produced for PC. I know it can even be better. Just make it already so you can shut up and take my money!!!!!"
76561197981568154,Recommended,317620,14856558,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Chud1981,"Feels better than the previous game - no random bolter jams is a great improvement. I do miss the command points though.My only complaint really is that moving the Marines can be a bit fiddly - you can end up inadvertantly moving a character you didnt want to. Theres no 'take back' button like on the previous version, which Id really reccomend them putting back in if they can."
,Recommended,317620,15071835,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,☠❣Raven❣☠,"Good strategy game, with enjoyable graphics and really nice mechanics."
,Recommended,317620,14751513,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"At last a game worthy of the original board game. I have to admit I was put off from getting the original space hulk after reading the reviews and hearing about its bad press.  I was lucky enough to get acension in a sale and so far love it. Its a bit of a system hog so sadly I can't see it in its full glory but it still looks good and is very atmospheric. They have captured the dark claustrophobic corridors of a hulk brilliantly.The game is still brutal with the odds stacked against your squad of terminators as they make their way through these ship or ruins. Squads can be customised right down to individual terminator looks and names. Each game is by no means over in minutes (unless you get wiped out). You have to think about every move all your terminators make as it could be their last should you make a tactical mistake. Things such as making sure you are facing towards where the genestealers will come from. Checking you have reloaded or cooled down your weapon.  Putting a terminator in overwatch at the right location. If your squad manage to survive their mission they will earn experience and be able to upgrade various skills making them more effective for the next missions. Although terminators do not fear death you should still do your best to keep them alive. The animations are nice, especially when the genestealers make their move and your terminators start firing back. A nice touch is the shoulder cam view that lets you see what the selected terminator sees in front of him. Attention to detail is demonstrated here when you can switch the shoulder cam into an infra red mode which shows the heat signature of nearby genestealers.If you are new to space hulk then fear not as there is a good in game tutorial that will get you started. The devs are really pro-active and will be bringing more new content for this game giving it even more hours of playability.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=404161941"
,Recommended,317620,14768221,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BEEEEEES,"On sale 40% off and 25% off all DLC. Yea it was worth it for cheap, but there are some real design flaws. I feel like I got my money's worth, but I'm definitely getting bored / annoyed with it after this many hours. I'd recommend you watch some Steam Broadcasts / gameplay vids before you buy it.Pros============================================+ Well done environments, graphics, animations, sounds+ The shoulder cam (think picture-in-picture) drops framerate significantly, but it is really cool+ Ranged combat strikes a good balance between fear of death <--> thrill of success+ Preset or customizable difficultiesCons============================================***I never played any prior Space Hulk, and I'm not a Warhammer tabletop player.Info available in-game is greivously limited at best and outright lies at worst- Things with multiple attacks only animate one attack- How melee combat gets resolved / rolled for- No enemy stat is visible besides Action Points and Hit Points. Number of attacks per AP, Resistance, Attack modifier - none of that is visible in-game or even documented conclusively *anywhere* as far as I know.- All ""Chance to hit"" numbers displayed when you mouse over a target are outright lies because they don't take into account all the different dice rolls that influence the outcome.Win-Or-Die.This seems pretty bizarre to me, since even in Warhammer tabletop (hey I watched some YouTube) things have more than one Hit Point. Most RNG-based games have multiple HP so you have some chance to think ""Hmm,♥♥♥♥♥♥s going south - better change plans."" SH:A isn't like that at all; you can go from a perfect-so-far mission to annihilated at any time, 1 minute or 1 hour into a mission - with just one bad die roll. SH:A's philosophy is that you're supposed to ""plan for the worst"", but even if you managed to avoid being immediately meat-mulched by one bad roll, I feel like you need every squad member alive to make it through most missions. You can save at any time (except on Impossible difficulty) to re-do a bad round - but that really feels like cheating and is sort of unpleasant.SH:A is a battleground of competing design philosophies.1. You need every marine alive so they can get XP and grow to face the threats ahead.2. It is a given that your marines will all die at some point, regardless of difficulty, because of the Win-Or-Die mechanic.While Normal, Easy, or Custom difficulty allow you to 'revive' or replace marines KIA, the replacements lose ALL experience they would have gained from the mission. You could have a guy 1% away from level 5, but if he dies - the replacement will be 4 with 0% progress towards level 5; that is an almost insurmountable loss of effort and time. Harder difficulties give you level 1 replacements! You could lose a really high-level guy and receive a level 1 replacement - and then you will pretty much be unable to advance as far as I can tell.Leveling takes a long, long time.Completing missions gives no meaningful XP reward. The only way you are going to get meaningful XP for your marines is by setting them up in a highly-defensible room on Overwatch, all looking towards the same door, and then watch them mindlessly blast xenos for hundreds of turns - performing the same mindless process each round: quicksave in case of bad RNG, [Cool Weapon and Reload] for every single marine, End Turn...for hours, and hours, and hours.TL;DR: this game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥POOR XP SYSTEM. You cannot level up enough to meet the challenges ahead by dutifully performing your mission objectives. The system requires that you ignore the actual reason you are in this damn space hulk and brainlessly XP farm for hours.Overwatch crawl.Especially in the early-game when nobody has very many AP, each mission becomes a painfully slow crawl where you move a couple squares, enter Overwatch to shoot xenos when they move on their turn, reload, move a couple squares, enter Overwatch... Guys, there are some *BIG* maps in this game, and it can take a painstakingly long time to creep your squad across them a few squares per turn, blasting xenos all the while and praying that one bad RNG die roll doesn't ruin it all and necessitate reloading an earlier save or abandoning the mission altogether. It can be thrilling and fun at first, but eventually I got to the point where ""I just wanna get to the damn objective already!""Developers, if you are reading this - I would have MUCH PREFERRED a design where Overwatch capability was a toggle-able per-marine, and its effectiveness was governed by a passive attribute like Weapon / Ballistic Skill."
76561198075378333,Recommended,317620,14802224,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,yancylow,This is a very good game even though it is extremely easy to play. But difficult to master.
76561197996986809,Recommended,317620,14802851,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bags,"I will make the Emperor proud, sitting on his Death Throne. He will know my glory as I smite the filth that is genestealer from these lilting hulks in space. I know no fear, I feel no pain....I will cleanse these heretical creatures from this place, or I shall give every last drop of blood, willingly, for his glory and safe keeping. Retrieve my geneseed well brothers, for if I do not return from this conquest of wrath and revenge, continue our quest to wipe the stain from our sacred name.In Sanguinius I trust, as I hope you do as well Brothers.On that warhammer 40k grind right now? this game will scratch the itch, slow paced, tactical and depending on how well you plan all kinds of ways to get slaughtered! Just about finished the Blood Angels campaign, getting a good bit into the Ultramarines campaign now and don't plan on stopping."
,Recommended,317620,16317626,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Karl Hunt,Great adaptation of the board game
76561198088822167,Recommended,317620,31401562,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,A much improved version of the classic Space Hulk. For such price it's a good game.
76561198021650265,Recommended,317620,14745271,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,davros.kellogs,"10x`s better than the  original one, graphics still need polishing, but all in all a much better job than first♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! The models still dont do games workshop,one0snany"
76561198038989747,Recommended,317620,14789441,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jakarta,Ascension is a consequent and fun to play improvement on the classic Spacehulk setting. The first instalment delivered a game that followed the boardgame rules to the letter and Ascension now offers a fun game with a nice storyline and solid marine improvement.
76561198028151760,Recommended,317620,15150606,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Young White Rapper,10/10 would purge xenos filth again
76561197989606756,Recommended,317620,15606865,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,CS41Y,I enjoy the game a lot and I think anyone who has played the board game will too.  I do take issue with the sometimes clumsy controls.  The ai also doesn't always take the most efficient path when moving costing more action points if you don't do it yourself one tile at a time.  However having said that I don't think it ruins the game.  The game also has a fair amount of content to play.  It could keep you busy for dozens of hours if you play all the campaigns available to you.  The squads keep their stats at the end of a campaign so you can make it progressively harder.
,Recommended,317620,15678438,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[BSB] T9FURY,"Well I can't fault Full control on this game, it seems to get better each time I version I play. I love the turn based apsect to the game, and how they have improved certain elements such as adding the radial interface for selecting which action you want the terminator to make.At first I didn't like the fact the map had been removed, but after a few missions I actually found it better, makes oyu play a little more tactical and gives that eerie feeling of not knowing where you are going or what is coming at you. To aid in this your terminators have a perception range that can detect / sense what is their but you can still only see parts of the map that is actually in their view.I also like how they have introduced reloading into the game play which makes you run a little more tactical, the bolter jams have improved as well, so instead of jamming on a certain dice roll they overheat after a lot of firing and eventually jams, this means you have to spend action points to unjam or cool down the weapon before fring.The heavy flamers have also improved giving you 3 different firing modes.For a full review visit us athttp://www.bsbnetwork.com/homeDirect review link :http://www.bsbnetwork.com/forum/m/1291049/viewthread/21597615-space-hulk-ascension-review-video/page/1You can also watch the video review herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBichSvYQHA&feature=youtu.be"
76561198089994053,Recommended,317620,16326400,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Vorsprung durch Rache,"This is a great game if you are a 40k fan but it is a challenging game, well worth the money and not a quick game to complete; the salamanders DLC is pretty cool as well, adds some different level and character elements into the game."
76561197987131869,Recommended,317620,16605497,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lizardlips,"Ok, this is as or more fun than regular Space Hulk.  If you liked Space Hulk, you'll like this I think."
76561198141403139,Recommended,317620,16648774,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JD_888,"The good:- The game can be challenging on hard difficulty and higher. It provides really tense moments when you must advance, overwatch and pray that you can survive the close combat. You can't just rush and hope for the best, you need to advance carefully and plan ahead, sometimes take a calculated risk. Just for that the game gets thumbs up from me.- There's a good variety of weapon loadouts and skills. There's even cosmetic customization.- The graphics are nice, and the sounds of weapons are great, this game has the best sounding bolters of all 40k games I've played.The bad:- The game is not very clear on its rules. I've played the tutorial, I've read the manual and I still didn't know how a lot of things work, I had to read fan guides. There are different variants of some weapons, but usually their descriptions are very vague (like a flamer which ""creates a better use of the fuels, but does not burn as hard""). Some weapons just don't work against certain enemies. Sometimes the missions have you reach specific tiles and do specific things, but it's again very vague what to do and with who. Expect reloading when it turns out you're supposed to reach the tile with a different terminator or face a different direction when you got there and now you have 6 new enemies spawning next to you.- There's no minimap and the game is very dark, so you often can't easily tell where you can and can't pass. This may be a deliberate design choice, but in the end it just makes the game more tedious because there are ways you can look at the tiles in fog of war. Sometimes it can be hard to tell where you have LoS to  shoot (especially with flamers), but it's usually not too bad.- The balance is iffy. The game would have you believe there's a ranged and melee strategy, but in reality melee is much worse and works as support for ranged weapons at best. Some weapons are kinda useless when they could've been good with just small balance tweaks and bug fixes. Some stats are much more useful than others and one of them just doesn't do anything for most units.- There are bugs. Not too many, but better keep multiple saves, I once had the game freeze at the start of my turn in a way that I could select units but not move anywhere, autosave was corrupted too."
76561197974101943,Recommended,317620,23795111,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,vesperand,"Gameplay is challenging but fun. The missions are a bit of a puzzle to work out and gives you an accomplished feeling to get through a mission without losing anyone.Great atmosphere. Dark, moody lighting and creepy sound effects. The weapon effects are also good, especially the assault cannon. The Terminator voices are spot on. The Genestealers are a frightful enemy.Recommended."
76561198011607356,Recommended,317620,23850370,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,05102017,"Have not come across any bugs so far, the game seems to run great for me. I really enjoy the tactical turn base gameplay. Missions are fun and are mostly challenging. The environment does not change, which creates bad repetition in atmosphere and setting. Overal a blast to play if this genre is for you. The play time is short though, as the missions are very repitive and I did not put the hours in this game as I thought I would. This game does desperately need varity on everything."
,Recommended,317620,26058628,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mazinkaiser,"This is the best version of Space Hulk I've played. If you like X-COM, then it's like that, but perhaps even more unforgiving. It's the kind of game where 1 or 2 bad moves can lead to a mission failure. Every mission you complete is a definite achievement. Walk in the Emperor's Light, and beware the terrors of the dark."
76561198044316219,Recommended,317620,13718142,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TriumphOfMight,"Terminators kept missing their shots, and a genestealer killed three of them before he went down.10/10 would gain an emotional attachment again."
76561198006463711,Recommended,317620,15763103,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tropicdragon,I recommend this game but won't post a review. Deal with it.
,Recommended,317620,16787884,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[A MEX] Perro muerto,DIE ALIEN SCUM
,Recommended,317620,17510343,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,gauckelnder_narr,"Space Hulk Ascension is the answer to Space Hulk lovers. It elevades the basic principles of Space Hulk that we love to a whole new level and gives players the posibility to live through so many stories.But what it really does is: It utterly destroys you. It gives you experience points, weapon upgrades, special items and abilities all connected to the individual experience of the squad member. And then you watch them die, one by one. Each time someone dies, he will be exchanged for a newbie with no exp and no abilities, no weapon upgrade etc. And then someone else dies due to the newbie. And so on and so on Until you are in some End levels with no veterans at all but you will like it. You will like it how the game plays smash ball with your feelings. And when you feel like it couldn't get any worse, remember in this game there are several different types of tyranids. But hey the bad guys always have all the advantages, what does one more matter? The good guys are screwed anyway.Well it matters, the Genestealers are ridicilously strong some don't even get down when you hit them. It  is crazy. And still remember you need to keep all members allive to get better gear, so you have a chance to make it through the next mission. Space Hulk has always been a tough thing for the Terminators but Ascension brought it to a new level.It is unforgiving, mercyless and laughs at you, when you fail. And again you will like it. It is that awesome. You can say what you like. It is a great game.You get three unique story lines and three more with the dlc (may be more, don't know the newest dlc). All chapters have unique abilities and equipment. The new rogue mode seems great too.I love it and I hope they can make more DLC for it.Just give us more missions, more diverse enemies and playable characters. It is the peak of the table top Space Hulk game. And with that it is enough said. Just buy it. The game is worth every cent of it."
76561198023507159,Recommended,317620,17511486,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,the.grognard,"There have been several Space Hulk computer games.  I've liked them all but this version I prefer over the rest in terms of UI, AI, graphics, and options.  It doesn't try to fix what isn't broken and does so in a nice package."
,Recommended,317620,13956678,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mirage,"This, is all I wished the first Space Hulk game was. It has a lot better graphics, sound quality is the same (which was good from the beginning). Same voice actors (it honestly sounds like the same sound files). The maps are better and the missions are more fun. The chapter specific campaigns are fun too, and the storyline is good. About the chapters, I wish there was more voice acting and some cutscenes.The game mechanics is more or less intact some minor changes like you cannot move and shoot by choice anymore. It's only automatic and only vs genestealers. I miss the option of moving towards a door and shooting it.This one, in difference to the first one, is as far as I've seen, bug free.Loading times are fast, saving are instant.Fun game overall, I'd give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,317620,14209368,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Skyfox,Addictive upgrade to the board game. Introducing the RPG elements just adds a whole new level.
,Recommended,317620,29303971,Posted: 16 January,all,TKR101010,"I've played Warhammer themed games for years, more for the play style (as I love turn based tactical games) and never really got into the lore. When I first got Space Hulk: Ascension I was turned off by what I saw as overuse of narrow hallways and tiny rooms. I like to be able to move my units around more. Plus the campaign I was playing was very similar to the one from Space Hulk. So it sat unplayed for a long while.Recently I've actually started learning more about the Warhammer 40k lore and revisiting some games in my library. This time trying Space Hulk: Ascension I'm able to get into it much more and have nearly completed the first campaign. And I'm amped to play the other campaigns and thinking about the DLCs too.Pros:It is a fun squad level turn based tactical game. The units seem limited and putzy at first, but once they start developing they do become the death machines you think they should be. Punching genestealers for melee sucks, but once you start getting claws and chainswords you really start mowing them down.I love the graphics, especially the camera view in the upper right that shows a 1st person view from the selected unit's point of view. I loved that in Space Hulk too and was a selling point for me when I first bought SH:A. My only complaint with it is that it goes by so fast during the genestealer's turns that you miss all the action on that camera. Too bad mission video footage can't be recorded in game for later viewing.I like the animations for the melee attacks. :)Cons:Well, lots of narrow hallways and small rooms instead of big battlefields, but that's the nature of a space hulk and just my own preference issue.Other than that the only con I have with the game is that it doesn't have the multiplayer that Space Hulk had. Most of the hours I logged on Space Hulk were multiplayer rather than the campaign missions."
,Recommended,317620,25571090,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,THC** FIREston,"Being a fan of Turn Based Strategy and the Warhammer 40k universve, I purchased this game as I eagerly await SpaceHulk Deathwing.I am very glad I did, This game is amazing, gives off a great feeling of dread and claustrophobic vibes as you progress from SpaceHulk to Spacehulk exterminating Xenos!The Ultimate Pack is where its at: All dlcs under one roof, and you will want all those different space marine chapters as well as their interplayable campaigns( no need to be an ultramarine to do an ultramarine campaign. Why not be a Crimson Fist!)Loving it!8.5/10"
,Recommended,317620,13006412,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Grimm,Highly recommended....great breath of fresh air for a classic game!
76561197971887933,Recommended,317620,17328990,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Gelrog,"Great Game! As a long time Space Hulk player, both board game and most of the electronic versions, this is one of my absolute favorites.  Great job on the progression of your team as well as the varied weaponry.  AC has some issues, but patch is being worked on right now, and since i'm playing Ultramarines im using the rockets instead anyway. Shame this company went under as i would have loved to pick up some additional DLC or expansions for this one."
,Recommended,317620,18221185,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,thylbanus,I really liked the first Space Hulk and this version is a nice play on the first outing.  Ascension tries to remedy the gap between Space Hulk and modern games in a fun and refreshing way.  It maintains the feel and flavor of the table top while introducing modern expected mechanics into the game in a way that isn't ham handed.  I recommend it to anyone who liked the orginal and those who didn't because they had more modern sensibilities.
,Recommended,317620,17882871,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zarathustra,"First off, this is NOT XCOM: The Warhammer 40k Edition. While it has been adapted to a more computergame-like version over the original Space Hulk, it still has many things in common with it's board game counterpart. It's slow paced, and fairly unforgiving of mistakes. RNG will screw you over occasionally.All in all I would reccomend this game. It is a fairly unique take on the turn-based combat genre. I tend to do a single mission when I have an hour to spare, but long sessions tend to become rather tedious. The narrow corridors doesn't leave a lot of room for fancy manouvers, it is more a game of anticipating the enemy's actions and setting up a defense, move up a couple of steps, and set up a new defence. There is very little variation in the enemy types, and many maps feel very alike, but in the end, the tactical gameplay makes it worthwhile. Definatly one of the best games set in the 40k universe, and very faithful to that universe.There are a couple of campaigns, but not much to speak of when it comes to story. Basically they all boil down to ""Go in, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, glory to the emperor"", but it's not a game you play for narrative either. There is some customisation and some RPG elements with stats and equipment, but that part is fairly shallow.It's a challanging game. A single mistake can kill you, which adds to the game, however it also forces you to play very conservativly, and avoid chances whenever you can. The difficulty is a positive in my book, but it is also what can make prolonged gaming sessions boring, there are very few variations in tactics that are viable."
76561198037841541,Recommended,317620,14151479,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Adex,"I just played a few of the tutorial missions and I have to say I am hooked!I heard about Space Hulk via the company Battle Foam whe I was buying cases for my Star Wars X-wing fleets. After hearing about it and doing some research I decided I really wanted to get into Space Hulk as well... But as most people know table top games can get REALLY expsensive REALLY fast.So when I found this, I had to try it out! I love what I have played and I cannot wait to play more!"
,Recommended,317620,29425372,Posted: 22 January,all,meltdown,LOVE this game. Its brutal. Its Warhammer 40k. You're purging xenos. Expanded on the original which was basically exactly the same as the board game. This is more suited for PC and with additions that the first didn't have it is a much more enjoyable game.
76561198006829387,Recommended,317620,28243552,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ToPa.,"I played the game, fell in love with it, finished it and now I am just waiting for christmas sales to get the DLCs, and dig up some more stelaers."
76561198018028922,Not Recommended,317620,19074528,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ReficulDrol,Turn BackClense and Burn Protocol Activated.
76561198006157577,Not Recommended,317620,18847234,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,hammerinn,"Tutorial unfinishable due to a mission bug. Also I got roughly halfway through the campaing and hit another bug on ""escape route"" of one of the campaigns. Check forums online before you buy you will see. Very disappointing could be awesome withouth the bugs. Unfinishable missions basically lock your game and you have to restart."
,Not Recommended,317620,18225811,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Grunjin,"Game is VERy fun when it works. Unfortunately the game is also riddled with game breaking/halting bugs that you can not even advance the missions. Can NOT recommend this game to anyone till these issues are fixed (if ever as it looks like the studio responsibile for this product is now one person working on stuff in his spare time.)Stay away from what could have been a great game. If they fix the game breaking issues then will remove this review as the game is very fun, when you can play it."
76561198248310752,Recommended,317620,22740179,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,panzertroop,Love warhammer loved this game BUT this game is pretty broken unless you love warhammer save your cash for something else
,Not Recommended,317620,19928207,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Brother Jeffery,Couldn't finish tutorial due to bugs...
76561198006048772,Recommended,317620,13508382,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Warr!or,This is the game Space Hulk should of been.  Just a shame I had to buy both.
,Not Recommended,317620,19961273,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Grim,"A massive disappoinment. Clunky gameplay, horrible frame rate issues and a tutorial that doesn't work creating a pretty harsh learning curve.It really sucks that it has turned out like this, I was so excited to finally get it. I hope that more people will see this first and not have to go through the same disappointment. Hopefully Steam will refund me because this isn't even playable on any level."
76561198007792799,Recommended,317620,13663515,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zecer79,Great improvement over previous Space Hulk game.
76561198056172277,Recommended,317620,14718105,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mahoney88,"It's Space Hulk, buy it."
76561198013509024,Recommended,317620,14752666,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Berserker,Space Wolves for days!
76561198005379567,Recommended,317620,13340124,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,vyrago,"You really just spend your time plodding down dark corridors, looking for a nice place for your squad to die."
76561198130492228,Recommended,317620,13605958,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,williamrjones8,"Takes a while to get used to but it""s worth it"
,Recommended,317620,13507616,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Primal,"As a fan of both the tabletop wargames and the original, this is probably one of the best tactical WH40K games out there. The graphics upgrade is enough to justify the purchase, but the XP and advancement system adds a whole new level of strategy."
,Recommended,317620,13638895,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DocChainsaw,This is the space hulk I've been waiting for.  It has a touch of X-Com while retaining the feel of the boardgame.
76561198125968409,Not Recommended,317620,20107750,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[BNE]ComplaintsDept,"Screw this game, it's a piece of sheet. I played the board game when 'Enter Sandman' was number one on the charts and this clumsy 'interpretation' fails everything that made Space Hulk enjoyable.The 'Fog of War' covering the map means I can't plot a course to the objective and have to spend valuable points exploring. It's not thematic because Nerdly McTermitator has always been back on the ship scanning the layout.Genestealers pop out of thin air because the Fog of Stupidity obscures deployment points, which makes it impossible to count squares. This means each squad moves forward two steps at a time while the point guy has to stay on Overwatch. It's like scouting out a nightclub just in case you catch Herpes just by walking through the door.To make things worse, Storm Bolters have limited ammo and overheat on normal fire. New firing options are nice, except when there's only a 14% chance of hitting the dude close enough to lick your nose.Did I mention there are no command points to interrupt the Genestealer's turn ?Now I need to reel back and harpoon my hatred into the Autosave feature. In a turn based game I expect to Save immediately before making a stupid decision. But no, I can't create a unique Save slot and Autosave triggers at the worst possible time, like the second after you say your wife's♥♥♥♥♥is getting a little big. DAMMIT.Offerring to level up individual characters is the ultimate cocktease because I want everyone to survive. Evacuate 'at least three' Terminators to win the mission, except the mission doesn't end because heroic T4 covering the rear (in between reloads and overheats) can't get out. That Marine just killed more carnts than Malaria, has earned enough points to  become Christ's therapist and I have to sacrifice him just to end the mission ?The interface is clumsy, the play is ratsheet, this game is a gigantic pile of crap.Sound is great, art is mostly great except map portions are highlighted without any good reason. Oh, you want me to advance two squares at a time toward that glowing thing while Stealers pop out of nowhere and my gun jams whenever I take a breath ? Sure ! Stupid. So, so stupid.I want to love this game so much but it's complete sheet. One time I ate a burrito that was left in the sun for a few hours and this game makes me feel the same way."
76561198009614111,Recommended,317620,20772471,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Illuminated,Something very wrong about a terminator getting instadeathed by a genestealer
,Not Recommended,317620,31671508,Posted: 10 May,all,Trukmuch,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is that ? I'm pretty astonished by the ""mostly positive"" reviews. Can't see anything, can't see where the map is going, the graphics and animations are really bad, the HUD is horrible, not intuitive at all... and it's pretty boring, shooting the same ennemies again and again with no scenario at all.Don't by this, it's no even worth 1$."
,Not Recommended,317620,16901322,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,ElKevbo,"The atmosphere, graphics, and sounds are lovely but unfortunately the controls and gameplay are so muddied and clunky that the game is unecessarily and bizarrely difficult to play. The developers of this game are a more dangerous foe than the Tyranid."
76561198043368855,Recommended,317620,15062880,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Firstteam80,FOR THE EMPEROR!
76561198008808390,Recommended,317620,23516626,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Grishanya,"Terminators, chaaarrge!!!"
76561198006570154,Recommended,317620,17036620,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Calon,"Very difficult, very unforgiving, Space Hulk Ascension pits your meger handful of Terminators vs a near limitless horde of Tyrinads that are flooding in from from each direction.This is a direct translation from the board game, what that means is this isn't a standard turn-based-strategy-game. Your units don't have health bars; one hit and they're standing at the Emperor's side. That means the missions often leave you on the edge of your seat. Many times have my units made a last minute mad-dash for the extraction, with dozens of Tyrinads snapping at their heels. I've had several battles in which only my squad's sergent was the last man standing, and the hardwork I'd spend on the remainder of the squad now laying in a bloody ruin amongst the corpses of uncountable xenos.At its basics the game has you move a unit, decide to directly engage, and/or enter an 'overwatch' and automaticly engage any approaching enemies. You've got a heavy weapon unit which adds a very different dynamic depending on their loadout. Aditionally psykers add a continuned level of depth. However, at its greatest depth the game has a lot of luck, hoping, and frustration.For me, this reminds me how much I crave a Dawn of War 3 more than anything else.Worth buying on sale with extra DLC. 10-20hrs of enjoyable gameplay."
,Recommended,317620,17007973,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Morfias Arkadian,"Although its not as graphical as most games, space hulk acension is still enjoyable to play and look at. Mission are unique, but what caught me into this game, is that it is pretty damn brutal. No matter if you have a max lvl squad, they stll die in one hit, so in later lvls you have to think and observe the map and movment of the genestealers.P.S melee build does work i got a melee terminator with T5 and Ws 5 armed with thunder hammer crusher that hold of 9 Gs :D"
76561198008534531,Recommended,317620,17013226,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,zonemagorgo,"Great game to pick up, do a mission and then set down. I also happen to love Warhammer 40K, so if you are a fan I highly suggest it."
76561198209135957,Recommended,317620,17641206,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,madbarrister,Great game...modern graphics and sound with classic gameplay.
,Recommended,317620,17692526,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,bad_rain,"Ascension is a hard nut to crack. I really want to love this game, but mostly I'm ALMOST liking it. The problem is very simple - blending board game rules with more videogame oriented mechanics is often hit & miss. Not mentioning rather low budget of production...  In this situation, developers couldn't really decide if they're sticking with board game, expanding it or making something totally new. To cut story short, there are moments when I'm really enjoying this game, but there are also moments when im close to rage-quit. If you like the original board game or you're a Wh40k fan - Ascension is a good choice, if you're willing to be very forgiving sometimes..In the other hand, if Space Hulk or Warhammer means nothing to you, leave that ""Buy"" button alone."
,Recommended,317620,17703948,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,FuseSparking,"You'll Love:-Dark and brooding atmosphere that brings the classic board game to life-Your favorite Space Marines tearing up (or being torn up by) filthy Xenos-Surprising ammounts of strategy, even in tight coridorsYou'll Hate:-Looking at the cool DLC chapters you didn't pay for-Very Occasional bug, glitch, or graphical flaw-Missions can get repeitive with repeated playthroughs-Filthy XenosAll Venerate the God-Emperor"
,Recommended,317620,17195475,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fr33k,"Great game. If you like warhammer 40k, but were fed up with arguments over rules and rolls and just wanted to get with playing the strategy and command part fo the game, well, your sorted. Plus they have tweaked it so the guns jam less (though more shocking when they do) and now your guys gain skill points to make them better as the missions go on. Not totally required, the skills are pretty good but what is does do is make you care more about your squad(s) - something which the other, 'truer' to the rules version lacked.Played lots, will play lots more. Down with the xenomoprhs and all that type of thing."
76561198037834509,Recommended,317620,29061929,Posted: 6 January,all,Old Timer,"I recommend the game mainly because I think that it delivers on what it is supposed to be.  It brings back memories of earlier strategy games and can be difficult.  Not be very familiar with the warhammer games, here is what I think could have been improved as a video game when compared to other stratey games.1. Squad make up - you can't do much customization on the squad.  You get a sargent or templar, a heavy and 3 soldiers.  It would be nice to have a little more customization and flexibility.2. Squad equipment - each squad member has set equipment.  Coupled with the fixed squad make up, it lacks the ability to allow you to customize the individuals in the group.  You get more options as you advance, but not enough to really differentiate the characters.3. Maps - all of the maps take place on the space hulk ships.  So they are all cooridoors with small rooms.  It lacks a little variety.  It would be nice to have high / low areas, open areas, cover, etc.4. Grid - the map is built as squares so there are only 4 directions.  This works because of the map layouts, but lack some of the flexibility that hex based map systems provide."
,Not Recommended,317620,29264350,Posted: 14 January,all,illini-medic,"Runs like complete garbage on OS X even when utilizing a new full spec Mac Book that far exceeds the requirements.  Even with a Retina display it is far hard to see icons especially when units are standing in doorways.  I found myself constantly moving camera in and out just to perform simple functions this persisted even when I tried several different display settings.  I have not had to deal with these kind of issues playing games of a similar genre such as XCOM 1&2 running on the same computer.I also dealt with getting completely booted out of the game and back to the Steam app with an error message appearing.  Due to the combination of these issues I consider the game to be unplayable so I deleted it and have requested a refund.P.S.  For anyone out there with the Mac's are trash comments, thanks for your opinion but I sustained a Traumatic Brain Injury in Iraq and there are several visual tools that I use that require a Mac and it just seems to work better for me now."
76561198241078972,Recommended,317620,25241174,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,RobbStark,"Full Control took what they learnt from their first game, listened to feedback and delivered a great Warhammer 40,000 experience. It's a shame the company went under and all credit to the lone developer who's been working on the patches since. The latest patch seems to have fixed the many problems this game has suffered with since launch and I've yet to experience a single bug since I've started replaying the campaign.If you're a 40K fan or just someone who enjoys genuinely challenging tactical gameplay dripping with atmosphere, definitely check this game out."
76561197994117737,Recommended,317620,16913087,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,tomtom,"Highly recommended for anyone has been hooked on the board game as a teen and now is unable to defend spending   hunderds of pounds to buy more xpacks in front of his wife. (much less convice her that stinking up the the house with revel colors and airbrush means ""quality family time"" at weekends)Gameplay wise this is quite reminiscent of Space Crusade (Milton Bradley) game released on PC and Amiga in 1990.Controls are somewhat unnecesarily tedious, but if you are willing to chew thru the first couple of missions, you will be rewarded by challenging (although not as difficult as deathwing campaign in space hulk) but overally satisfying experience"
76561198035786734,Not Recommended,317620,14922727,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,k_s_printz (Turk),"Being a long time 40k player and having played the tabletop version, thought I would give this game a try.  Since the reviews were mostly positive, I was expecting better.  After playing a few missions with each of the 3 chapters, I came away  frustrated and annoyed.The chance to hit percentages seem very broken as I seem to miss far more than I hit, and sit there and watch a single stealer rip half my squad apart.The map is too dark, making it difficult to line up an effective defence each turn because I can't tell where they might emerge from.Since it seams like you basically have to move the whole squad leaving them on overwatch every turn, it makes each mission frustratingly slow.Many may like this game, but in all,.. not a fan."
,Not Recommended,317620,12947366,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Welcome To The Geese Fields,"Spent an hour placing your units strategically and carefully thinking things out?Doesn't matter. Lose 90% of your units to enemies who just crawled out of the walls when you're one turn away from victory.Have fun doing the whole mission over again because you forgot to save after every single turn.(Get stabbed in the back by autosave, scrub.)Enemies in the vents you say? Good luck figuring out what's a vent or a random black spot in the map, or even seeing where you're going for that matter.Enjoy the horrible ambient noise that never stops and can't be muted without turning off sound completely.New percentage system totally works better than the dice roll system. I mean a 50% random chance to hit, totally nothing like rolling a random D6...Oh and completely whiffing every single melee attack, 90% percent chance to hit? Nope, get rekt ten times in a row, woo for more strategy being left completely up to luck.In all seriousness though, this really isn't much of an improvement over the last game. Still ridiculously time consuming, still tedious, still annoying when you try to think things out and have them ruined by luck time and time again, still buggy, and there's still a number of the more annoying mechanics in the game like spending AP just to turn. Progression is also extremely slow, and while it's nice to have progression and variety in equipment, it's still lacking. The same goes for low customization options. (And why no love for Deathwing terminators or Grey Knights terminators?)So it's great that overheating is now better, and you can get more AP points, but I don't think that redeems this game. It's simply not a 'fun' experience. Most of my time with the game has been spent sighing and grumbling profanities after having to deal with technical issues, or annoying things like having three terminators all killed by the same genestealer after they whiff all their attacks. The amount of effort I put in versus the reward I get simply doesn't add up."
76561198027048670,Not Recommended,317620,19837368,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,el bobo,the emperor woud be ashamed i guessso buggy .......
,Not Recommended,317620,20200570,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,richardblastcheez,Bugs galore! cant even finish tutorial
76561198055250612,Not Recommended,317620,24074781,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sagil,"Still very much broken - I get as far as my first shot (if I'm lucky) before the sound craps out. And by the looks of it this will never get fixed, so save your money."
76561198043905138,Recommended,317620,18258545,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Babe on Babe,Fun stuff
,Recommended,317620,19153639,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jubbernaut,It's alright. Has it's ups and downs but it's mostly good
76561197973051663,Not Recommended,317620,19300348,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Popcorn Colonel,"An excellent example of how to completely pork an awesome boardgame.  It's like a ten year-old rewrote the rules so you die constantly.  Die, die, die, die, die, die.... Yeah, that's great fun.  This is more like a Chinese puzzle board than a tactical wargame, and not even a very enjoyable Chinese puzzle board, at that.Pathetic."
76561198249486062,Recommended,317620,19477863,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sergeant Gideon,"Finally a good warhammer 40k game that isn't DoW, this is a massive step up from the first space hulk which was basically just a direct copy of the board game to PC if thats your thing then by all means play the first game. However, do you want character customisation and levelling up? That actually makes your guys stand a chance against genestealers in cqb do you want to play more than one chapter ? do you want to play more than one campaign? Then this is definitely the space hulk game for you.Now to talk about the disadvantages of this game it is a bit pricey I should know I paid for all the DLC as well anyway apart from this you may encounter some significant frame rate issues, Ive heard of people with ridiculously powerful PC's even have these problems and the game is not shy of glitches either, they arent really prominent and they patched over alot of them however Im still finding in game bugs (no pun intended) and glitches.All in all a solid title for 40k definitely the space hulk game we have been waiting for."
76561198013345666,Not Recommended,317620,15558928,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,GundamSnakeyes,"Love the universe. That being said theres broken stuff in this game weres my dlc? Being the first and most glaring, bought it and can't use it. Second one being using a skill and the unit not responding, example: overwatch. I'll try it again in a few months after it gets fixed"
,Recommended,317620,14562527,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,goka9696,"The game is VERY hardcore.It's a great Turn-based strategy, but unless you're good at them, I suggest you skip this one.GOD IT'S DIFFICULT"
76561197970514555,Recommended,317620,13993205,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,david_129,Absolutely fantastic game. So much better than the original :)
76561197990622629,Recommended,317620,14300110,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,copius,Excellent game.
76561198065095500,Not Recommended,317620,20279080,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SwearBear,When you can't even get past the second tutorial (which has a bug that fails you for doing the correct thing).You doubt the quality of the full product.Extremely disheartening.
76561198066829807,Recommended,317620,13437710,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Old Glory,where the dark angels...
76561198060113131,Not Recommended,317620,18796760,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,aaron_cripps,"If your idea of an enjoyable game is to move a small squad around the playing area in painstakingly slow and tiny steps while struggling with a clunky control system then this may be the game for you. While it may have captured some of the flavour of Warhammer 40K's tense onboard tactical battles, like many board game to computer game conversions it fails to capture what makes board gaming fun. Namely playing with real, live, friends, and the idea (however false it is in reality) that you can actually affect the outcome of a dice roll. Space Hulk Ascension lacks both these elements and is best summed up with one word: 'dull'"
76561198008841329,Not Recommended,317620,20111554,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Alvaro Bahia,Bought the deluxe edition 30.12.2015. I do not recommed this game. It's up to date patch vise but already in second mission of tutorial you run into a never ending bug. Useless repair advises about fixing local integry of the game etc. but the real problem is that game dev's have ran out of money long time ago and no new repairs will be published.
76561198028527774,Not Recommended,317620,17631455,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rewobarg,"Once you want to start, you will realise that the tutorial doesn't work. So I wonder what else doesn't work... I didn't want to buy a game where I am the beta tester. This game started very disappoiting for me. I will check again in 1 month and if it works I may change the review."
76561198007363868,Not Recommended,317620,17969071,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TiMMaH,The game is good however it is not worth buying I bougtht he ultimate edition interested in the new factions and still cant get it to work. Support seems to have gone fishing and there are key mission lines that are broken
76561197986703709,Not Recommended,317620,12970504,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Neo da BIG,"UPD: Soon after I changed my recommendation to negative, a patch was released. It fixed at least one game-breaking bug that annoyed me, but I can't speak about anything else, since that would require a lot of playing. My opinion: too late. During these 5 months or so I kinda lost all interest.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pains me to do so, but to keep recommending this game (and I did it since the release) feels unfair.I really liked SH:A and spend a lot of time playing it. It's not a hardcore strategic game at all, but it was a great and fun experience, with all RPG elements and customization options to play around with. The DLC packs were adding more chapters and campaigns, so it felt better and better... Right until the Dark Angels DLC release.It added a ton of game-breaking bugs, half of weapons stopped functioning properly, some missions couldn't be completed , etc. There always were some bugs, yes, but devs kept fixing them rather qucikly. Last patch (August 2015) didn't fix all of them, at least I couldn't finish a certain level with it.The dev team is currently in a pretty bad shape, so I don't expect any more patches, which means the game most likely will stay in a broken condition. Which is a real shame."
76561198053265413,Recommended,317620,28992051,Posted: 3 January,all,Enlightenment,This has become one of my favorite games out of all the games I own. If you like turn based strategy games this one delivers. The different Space Marine chapters provide different and interesting play from each other per the unique quirks and units. The only disappointing loadout is using the lightning claws which tends for a short lifespan for the marine using those instead of their bolter. I found it is best for melee units to continue to use their bolter and just go with their other perk of donning the chainfist instead of the power glove.I enjoy the game enough that buying the DLC was warrented during the next sale (the package with all DLC).Note: I do not pay full price for any games and will patiently wait for them to go on sale.
,Recommended,317620,13207345,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sergeant Burden,CLEANSE AND BURNPURGE AND KILLIN THE EMPEROR'S NAMELET NONE SURVIVE10/10
76561197991782485,Not Recommended,317620,13977333,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,hapscombe,"Oh dear, where should I start. First of all, this game has a great deal of potential - in principle the core mechanics and design are good. However - The game is (at least on my rig) hideously bugged.Firstly and (most frustratingly) the percentile mechanics (Chance to Hit et. al.) are woefully inaccurate. When my CtH is 87% I expect (funnily enough)  nearly 9 out of ten times to hit my target. This is very much NOT THE CASE. Now I could write off getting less than that percentile as my being unlucky but  not to the frankly ridiculous levels this game has perpetually demonstrated. You will notice that I have clocked a goodly number of hours on this game - let me assure you that a large chunk of that time has been WASTED in reloading due to utterly preposterous CtH results (and once because I walked away from the game in disgust and forgot to turn my PC off)- not because I have been enjoying myself. NEVER has a game frustrated me as much as this one. Now, just to be clear, I am quite patient when it comes to games so long as I am not being 'cheesed' by them. Dark Souls is without doubt one of my favourite games. But Ascension is a total stinking bishop of a game.Secondly, there are numerous missions where heavy weapons (esp. The Assault Cannon) will not work for any reason whatsoever. Specifically several of the missions in the Blood Angels campaign (last stand & defend).Thirdly, the animations for all the terminators bugs out when ever you get in close proximity to a genestealer that turns from a 'blip' into a visual target. When I say bugs out I mean the terminator dissapears completely for a second or two only to re-appear in a completely different area to where he was / where you told him to move.Fourthly, skills such as Acid Proof and Fire Proof DO NOT WORK!!! The number of times I've had to reload missions from the start just because a key squad member has died from acid or fire exposure WHEN THEY HAVE HAD THE SKILLS EQUIPPED is beyond laughable.I could go on but it is simply too much effort for this game. All I can say is if you want to play a great turn based tactical combat game go and buy X-Com: Enemy Unknown. It is all together a better game; more challenging without resorting to cheese-ing you. Far less buggy and better performing on a medium spec rig. Full Control - sort it out. Please. You have a great license and are letting it down with silly bugs. Until then I'll stick to the boardgame.5.0 - Dissapointing and a massive waste of potential."
,Not Recommended,317620,15016927,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Marybelle,"What a disgrace to our Father, the Immortal Emperor of Man!Brothers, the Heretics are at it again, giving you dark and murky, unappealing visuals (and I do not mean atmospheric dark but ""so dark I cannot tell what is going on!"" dark), clunky controls that make even the original DOS Space Hulk game seem tightly programmed, and a slow, lumbering yawn-inducing gameplay that really makes me Alt-F4 on the spot and just play the superior board game again instead.. Do not listen to the voices of the Warp, there is no real improvement over the first, atrocious game, and the 'innovations' that there are seem tacked on and not as functional as they would want you to believe.If they are putting this on the PC platform, they could as well have taken advantage of this, for a board game conversion. Instead, they just do not.If you truly venerate His name, you would be well advised to give this blasphemous heap of flimsy code a pass.Or at least, if you must, wait until it gets cut down to a reasonable asking price below the $10 mark and be cautious to avoid the Inquisition's watchful gaze.- Marybelle, the twice-disappointed Adepta Sororitas"
,Recommended,317620,13557958,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,yobby,this is good and a huge improvement over the previous space hulk game so buy it i guess or don't i don't give a ♥♥♥♥
76561198037469662,Recommended,317620,14080916,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,forensicscientist,"THIS is a great game. BUT I STILL LIKE THE IST PERSON SHOOTER THAT CAME OUT ON THE 3DO SYSTEM, which was the best, and better than the playstation and the saturn systems, and the old pc system,  what i like is the board game simulation,  but a lot could have been done to the background,  you are in an asteriod, which surrounds the ship, there should be rocks sticking out of the walls, giant holes in the wall showing outer space,  holes in the floor, some anti gravity areas where stuff in floating around, the corridors should look beat up, and old, and areas where genestealers have it look like thier home, and it should look more like a derilict star ship inside, with control rooms, storage areas, engine rooms, some 3d effects, like stairs, 2nd and 3rd levels,  elevators, some water and mist, smoke, fire, electric sparks, and each derelict star ship should look different,  NOW, i think, there are 3 characters missing, form the 3do game system, the master mind, the one with force field and shooting fire and mental botls, the little evil professor guy with the ray gun, and the tainted converted evil space marine, i would like to see them again,  AND COULD YOU PLEASE PUT THE 1ST PERSON SHOOTER SPACEHULK FROM THE 3DO GAME SYSTEM ON STEAM, I REALLY MISSED THOSE HAND TO HAND BATTLES,  ESPECIALLY WHEN THE GENESTEALERS TRYS TO OUTBOX ME. and make it keyboard and mouse compatible, like doom 3 controls. STILL WAITING for eye of the beholder 1-all systems, dungen master 1 and 2-sega genisis, shining force 3-saturn, shining the holy ark-saturn, final fantasy tactics, orgres tactics-playstation, slayer-3do, dragon force-saturn, alien vs predator- atari jaquar system,  and last for old time sake and fun - triple play baseball-playstation, can someone help on these, and make them all keyboard and mouse like doom 3, and or adjust buttons. thank you one and all, happy new year."
76561198002701917,Not Recommended,317620,14910277,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Deadlights,"Ascension attempts to expand upon the board game rules used in the 2013 Space Hulk by the same developer. It does so by mainly by adding more content, options and a progression system for your squad members (those that survive, that is).Some things have certainly improved, but the gameplay experience overall suffers compared to the 2013 Space Hulk as a result of some truly bizarre design decisions. For one, perhaps in an attempt to add ambience, the gameplay areas are far too dark. Not just gloomy dark in the ambient way of 2013 Space Hulk, but dark in that annoying way that makes it hard to see what's going on. Is that a wall? Or a door?The movement system has also been changed for the worse. In 2013 Space Hulk, you simply clicked the square you wanted your Terminator to move to, then dragged a direction for facing and let go. In Ascension, left-clicking and dragging only sets his route. You need to click a second time to confirm the move. I assume the reason is to make it harder to misclick, but unfortunately it is now easier as it's the same mouse button that you use to confirm the movement. This means that if you accidently move the mouse a little as you click to confirm, you may accidently draw a new route and end up with a Terminator facing the wrong way. Perhaps if they had made right-clicking the confirmation method, it would have worked.The biggest issue the game suffers from is that the player isn't shown the enemy's movements. Thinking back hard on all the turn-based games I've ever played, I have to say this is probably a first for me. And it very quickly becomes clear why, as you frantically pan around the map as you hear the sounds of battle, hoping to find out where you're being attacked before the action is over. And once your turn begins, you again end up searching around the map to see where any new enemies might have appeared within your Terminators' scan range. And with the new ammo system, cycling through each Terminator to see if they spent ammo off-screen while you were looking somewhere else, is also a good idea, lest they run out when you least expect it. These manual game state updates get frustrating very quickly, and the choice is doubly mysterious given how well the game showed you what was going on in 2013 Space Hulk.Some of the missions also suffer from similar design flaws as some of 2013 Space Hulk's missions. In Space Hulk, the gameplay only really works when the Terminators have to push forward against time. The endless spawning of Genestealers being the clock as the Terminators methodically make their way towards their objective. When missions turn into ""stand here and kill X"" amount of Genestealers, the gameplay falls apart as there's no interesting tactical decisions to make once all your Terminators are in place and on Overwatch.Gone is the map, which used to give you a quick overview of the situation in 2013 Space Hulk. I think they wanted to add an element of exploration to the game, but they could have at least provided an automap that filled out as you explored the level. Instead, they took the lazy route and just removed the map altogether.On the positive sides, the game does look better (when you can see it), and the animations of Terminators and Genestealers have improved considerably. The soundscape is also better, and it's nice to have more options and some continuity with your troops.But overall, I think Ascension is a case of one step forward and two steps back. While I liked the 2013 Space Hulk and will recommend it to fans of turn-based tactical combat, I'm afraid I cannot say the same for the sequel. The biggest deal breaker being the game's refusal to show you what's going on."
,Not Recommended,317620,16763919,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Thojan Ralwens,"I was disappointed and asked for refund for this game, even though I was really interested into it.First and mainly, the performances of the game are poor at best. You end up deactivating features to make it run properly, thus making it lacking or ugly.Then, it appears to be really slow, gameplay-wise. I'm the cautious type, so I try-harded. I ended up doing more reloading and cooling off weapons than real action. After 30 min, I had no fear anymore, and was just hoping to have a random spawn surprising me. Of course, I wasn't much far in the game so I guess it was deliberately easy on me.The customisation part is quite poor too, alas, with less possible face then terminators available, and a weapon bugged. The stat/skill system made me feel no progression.I may have had a bad experience not faithful to the entire game, but considering the dev team is not operating anymore, I took advantage of the new refund system. I feel I should go back to X-COM: older and way better. Too bad for the W40K flavour. I'm sad."
76561197991657927,Not Recommended,317620,16765269,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MrMuse,"Whilst it starts out fun and the graphics are very impressive for a top-down Turn-based tactical game, you soon realise that progress is only made by using a few repetitive tactics. The one shot deaths of squad members you have patiently built up soon become tiresome and the lack of variety in...well EVERYTHING...becomes clearly apparent. There are only a few different kinds of enemy, the maps vary only in size consisting mainly of shuffling your guys through narrow corridors and hoping that you spotted the air vents. Character progression is boring and limited, there are no item drops as changing loadout simply consists of upgrading to better equipment when you have levelled up enough. Plot and story is nothing more than tack-on text at the start of missions. And the fairly expensive DLC's do very little to change anything. Despite buying the full package including DLCs at 50-75% discount I STILL felt the need to request a refund. Blindly hoping that I had positioned my squad in such a way that they could kill pop-out mobs with Overlook again and again was a very dull excercise indeed."
,Recommended,317620,19446576,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ar-Aamon,A challenging game. An improved version of Space Hulk.
,Not Recommended,317620,19920912,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ParallaxScroll,can't see wtf you're doing
,Recommended,317620,26959407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vongiger,Great game lots of replay value nice mix of board game and pc
76561198007141938,Recommended,317620,14162448,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,grumpy bear,For the Emperor!
76561197999016905,Recommended,317620,14280058,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fugi Bob,I like this game coz SPASSMEENZ!!!
,Not Recommended,317620,20113381,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,honestade,"Tutorial is bugged - seems like a known problem that hasn't been fixed. Also seems like a rather average turn based streategy game - glad I bought it in the sale, I'd be furious if I paid full price! Since it was cheaper, I'm just disappointed."
,Not Recommended,317620,17517482,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Tero,This is one of those games i really wanted to likeIt has some interesting ideas but they don't really worklike the RPG elements at times they break the game like how sergants somehow have 100% melee surviaval rate against broodlords after certain levelor they are entirely pointless like Willpower skill which should increse terminator's chances of surviving physic attacks but in course of 58 hours of game i never seen an enemy that uses such attacks
76561197988490066,Not Recommended,317620,35347916,Posted: 30 September,all,Keeptrucking,RNG hell.
76561198119540066,Recommended,317620,12934632,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,simplystuboy,Sick game for Space hulk fans
76561198024443102,Recommended,317620,28510439,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Valon,"Fun, but unrelenting."
,Not Recommended,317620,15079710,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mortius Maximus,"Since playing the X-Com games, I'm always on the lookout for similar games. I have played many and nothing has ever come close, this game being no acception. In fact, this game is without a doubt the worst one I have played. No hit points on your units. 1 hit, they die. Put your marine in overwatch, check. Miss despite the 87% chance to hit, okay, well that's going to happen approx 13% of the time... no biggie, right? Wrong. One miss and your marine is dead. I have been unable to pass any of the first missions on EASY. I'm dead within a few minutes of starting. As soon as a marine misses, it's dead. There are swarms of enemies, so they are going to miss from time to time and then you lose.Even besides that, there is little difference between your squad members! In X-Com, each squad member is very unique. Mix and maching your squad and their gear is a lot of fun. Lots of upgrades and customization. In this game, there is very little difference. The only thing that is slightly different is the librarian who can use around 7 abilites that take willpower instead of AP. They are not very powerful abilities, but it does bring _some_ uniqueness, but not much.So the game is pretty much move a couple spaces, set up overwatch facing all possible points of entry and pray to god nobody misses. Of course, they always will eventually and then you die and fail the mission. With the limited amount of time I have recorded in the game, I have played 20 hammer and anvil missions, and several of the other two starting missions with zero success. I did manage to disable the shields in hammer and anvil a couple times, but get one-shotted by an enemy that comes out of the grate in the ground.How could anyone like this game? Especially after playing something like X-Com, which is so much better in every aspect it's crazy. There is so much more to the game X-Com than this it's rediculous. Why can't anyone come up with something similar? Always garbage like this."
76561198127356965,Not Recommended,317620,22483409,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The God Emperor of Mankind,i loved this game great buy for a strategy. However it would be nice of it wasn't so buggy as i can no longer play it as it black scenes it after the opening cinematic.
,Not Recommended,317620,17545964,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Shadow Ranger,Loved the original and I'm a massive 40k fan but this game is just aweful. Terminators can only see a few squares meaning you have to do every level loads of times to find a way to get through. I could live with that if the game gave you a chance. Far too difficult and gets old fast. Not even close to as good as X-COM E.U. or the first game by Full Control. If you enjoy losing over and over and reloading over and over by all means buy it. If not then swerve this title.
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,317620,14747840,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Flopy,Game would have potential but feels unfinished and has clungy UI. However if you are space hulk fan this game might still fit you.
76561197962186657,Not Recommended,317620,15184125,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Tudekiks,"Great game if you are in to boardgame and turnbased combat. best to buy it on sale and find out your self. i am my self an huge Warhammer fan and i tried my best to enjoy it. but turnbased combat is simply not my thing, and there are other problems, the compary making the game has shut down but have promised more updates but no other games will be made from them. better that way it seems, while this game does seem fun and you can get to about 60% on all 3 Spacehulks. it is simply not good enough. sooo many things you will be sitting and thinking why didnt they make this, or why does this work in his way. it makes no sense. Anyway. if you are in to Warhammer 40k and in to Turnbased combat. this is a good game for that. if you are not however, then dont buy this as you will feel you have wasted your money even if you want to support Warhammer games as i did when i bought this.better to get Dawn of war 1-2 and they exps you will prolly enjoy them more also the story behind them. if Realcombat is your thing. Crab Space Marine.but all in all. good game for Warhammer Fans if you want turnbased combat. i my self. play computer not to have turnbased but thats me."
,Not Recommended,317620,17659530,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lord csx™,"It's a pretty okay game for the majority of people and a pretty good game for Warhammer fans, it's the best form of Space Hulk adaptation but I still wouldn't recommend buying it.This game is the second reiteration of the Space Hulk pc game, this game is basically what the first one should've been.Grab it if it's 5$ or something but for god’s sake don't bother with the DLCs, it's only encourage Full Control to make more money grab crap."
76561198005251936,Not Recommended,317620,33749185,Posted: 23 July,all,Power_Dan,"If you're after a Space Hulk game, get the other Space Hulk. It has the same levels as the board game (and this game), but without the levelling-up elements that ruin the careful balance of the marines vs. genestealers. Marines moving six squares per turn? Too easy.The genestealer AI is still terrible too. When will they learn to flank?"
76561198008428040,Not Recommended,317620,29136067,Posted: 8 January,all,TriniMac,"Get it on sale cheap or avoid it.I don't recommend this title because of some design flaws;It is based on the boardgame and should be better. The aesthetic is decent and the flavour, however you can't reverse movements if you make a mistake.This is critical because the game often comes down to careful use of pre-existing action points to manage your squad. A mistake is insta-death a lot of the time once the Genestealers get up close.Like a lot of conversions to computer games from board games, the random dice roll type element is enjoyable in a tabletop context but got tedious for me quickly, once my squad got wiped when I was 90% through a laborious mission."
76561198165777685,Not Recommended,317620,15042912,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,brenonfire413,"Not a fun game. Slow, tedious, aggravating. Not worth the money spent on it."
,Not Recommended,317620,17860013,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,victorvondoom,- to many bugs- dont buy it- wait until it is really patched (read the forums until it is done)- tutorial is bugged- save games wont load or you need to restartbest option is play roque mode. that is to much money throw away
76561198058473752,Not Recommended,317620,17183153,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TitanLegion,Dark Angels expansion so bugged unplayable. totally unacceptable.
,Not Recommended,317620,16574745,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Szarekh The Silent King,Not multiplayer. That was the best part of space hulk. Other than that good.
76561198007226198,Recommended,317620,16539063,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lato,"No voice overs at the start of missions??????? Like all the other games had.....Ok besides that the game is great, the graphics are good and there really is a scary feel to the game, even more so with the alien camera like in the aliens 2 movie. The game does not hold your hand at all, you will not mow down enemies by the thousands but that makes winning that much better. I got this on Steam summer sale and would only get it on sale as there is a lot of dlc for this game but with the sale it's all dirt cheap. It's worth my time and money at 66% off!"
76561198006513757,Not Recommended,317620,15707761,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ContemplativeSparrow,"It has everything you want, apart from flashlights to stop your terminators from walking into walls.Some amount of light, within my own visual range, would be really handy."
76561197979517071,Not Recommended,317620,21594858,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Super Fighting Robot,"I love Warhammer 40K, but I hate buying a game and finding a lot of the content behind another paywall."
76561198033639746,Not Recommended,317620,22794175,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,paintball man,"I got this game when it first come out. the Dam game keep crashing on me. so i waited for along time and it still the same...   i've updated everything even looked up on every ways to make the game play changing files ect and still no joy. even found out the people how made the game are not doing anything to make it better or fix it...... Not Happy, what a shame really looks good and like the game. been a warhammer fan for along time...    the first space hulk worked really fine but this one is really bad........   people don't buy it,"
76561198025423004,Not Recommended,317620,14745289,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,phil,There might be a good strategy game in here. I couldn't really tell because the clunky interface and the mandatory animations make every turn take several times as long as it should.
76561198075964635,Recommended,317620,12978927,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Alpha Kitteh,"you can name your squad, squad zoidburg  nufff said"
76561198116674232,Not Recommended,317620,32508017,Posted: 17 June,all,Invictus,"Game is incredibly glitchy,after playing several days and maxing out my squad,I decided to go for rouge mode, turns out I can't abort mission and when I let my team die then try to go to campaign map all I get is a black screen,I then tried starting a new campaign, it ended up erasing my entire load, great ♥♥♥♥ing job devs,several days worth of hard work ♥♥♥♥ing all wiped out because of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programming"
76561198053907508,Not Recommended,317620,33710011,Posted: 21 July,all,KillerKrieg,"I had very high hopes for this game after seeing how much I enjoyed the Space Hulk game that game out a year prior, however I was vastly disappointed by this game on mulitple levels which I will now try to bulletpoint. There are many legitimate gripes here, so if you have an extremely up to date computer, skip the first paragraph below this one.The first issue for me was the graphics.(a lot of people would say this is a bad thing to put in your review, but being that there is no information about this game on System Requirements Lab I figured I'd give you a heads up.) Compared to the prior Space Hulk game which I can run perfectly on above minimum settings in even the most extreme of situations, this game literally went from 1 to 1000 in terms of graphical demand(and they are not very well optimized, unlike Space Hulk one which had very high graphical quality but good optimization), and dropping the quality all the way down did nothing really to speed up the graphics. I was having *heavy* framerate drop when even as much as two Space Marine squads were on screen at the same time. This means that in the most extreme of situations where there would have been 20 plus genestealers on screen at once, the framerate would have been MISERABLE, I would have been struggling even to more my cursor around. It would have been so bad it would have just been down right miserable to play, like playing in slow motion. To me, THAT much framerate drop matters even in a turn based game.(Which this is.) So if your computer is anything short of being one of the most high end gaming rigs on the market, and you don't want to basically play in slow motion this game is not for you point blank.Secondly, the actual gameplay in and of itself was also bad, from what little of it I got to experience from the small-squaded missions before it became miserable. This game tried ambitious new ideas I had heard about such as an RPG system. It sounded good, and that aspect WAS good, however, the format is terrible. It is needlessly complex - there are confirmations on top of confirmations that make navigating the game alone a chore, 4 different options of 'fire your weapon'. By the time you get to the RPG elements and the options for advancing your space marines with items, these new features I was looking forward to were just overwhelming. Furthermore, the game features the addition of fog of war, which I like in games like Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War, but do not work for Space Hulk. Space Hulk is about having a clear map of the location as if your squad had the blueprints right there with them, and it's about blips. Gone are the blips, you now need to spend AP points to activate and de-activate radar. It had some good ideas, an RPG element is a good idea, being able to add items to your squad and customize it(I'd love a Space Hulk game where you are given the option to create your own Space Marine chapter and use them in multiplayer) but this game felt like it gutted all of the simplistic, easy to learn glory that Space Hulk has always been to me. I mean, some people consider Space Hulk to be a complex concept to begin with. Ascension takes the complexity up about 10 notches.And finally, and this was the greatest dealbreaker of all for me,****************THERE IS NO MULTIPLAYER.******************I know I should have looked on the store page for the game, but I felt a little blindsided due to the fact that this game presents itself as a direct sequel to the 2013 Space Hulk it even uses some of the same sound effects, especially for the Space Marines, this can even be heard in Steam's trailer for this game. After playing a heaping helping of L4D1 you wouldn't expect L4D2 not to have multiplayer. But still, the misstep I suppose is my fault. But that doesn't change the fact that this game, unlike the 2013 game, does not have multiplayer.  This to me, is unacceptable. Because of this fact, I would not buy the game even if I had a higher end computer that could handle it better. It's complexities simply aren't worth learning for this installment. If you want a good Space Hulk game, get the 2013 version and save Steam the paperwork involved in refunding your game."
76561198006884898,Not Recommended,317620,16211093,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,buchecker,"Tedious and grindy, gets boring really quickly due to lack of change."
76561198122346578,Recommended,317620,25420459,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gundoggu,totally like xcom.
76561198001897796,Not Recommended,317620,13563777,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CheliosBiden-san,"Always a fan of Games Workshop titles.  Not this one though.  This might be an excellent port of the tabletop game to PC, but it doesn't make a good game.  When I'm playing tabletop, I know my dudes are going to die and I will soon lose.  It's still a blast because it's more about fun with friends.  When I'm playing a PC game, I'm trying to level up characters and win flawlessly.  Simple mis-clicks end with dead marines.  It's not fun, it is aggrivating.Seperately, Games Workshop titles tend to have excellent music, sound effects, voice acting, and overall experience.  This Space Hulk does not.  The storm bolter farts instead of crisp blasting.  The marines are tired and without zeal.Might just be me, but I am soundly dissapointed in this game. 1/10"
,Not Recommended,317620,13456634,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,KING OF THE MOON,"Marvel as the universe's slowest, clumsiest spacemen shuffle around in the dark in single-file lines as they struggle to navigate long hallways and 90 degree turns. Watch them die as they are ambushed by monsters that were hiding one tile outside of their (tiny) visual range. Be astounded as your terminators spend all of their action points trying to turn around and move one tile; what an eventful turn! Laugh at the wimpy sounds their guns make as they miss every shot from point-blank range.Space Hulk Ascension succeeds in not only carrying over the flaws of the original game, but also removing many of the things that made the original game playable. After all, how do you play a strategy game if you cant see enough of the ""board"" to strategize? If you like turn based strategy but hate accomplishing anything during your turn, this game is for you. Terminators cant blink without using up an entire turn.Lastly, this game is every bit as overpriced as everything else related to Games Workshop.  Don't waste your money, and if you must play Space Hulk, play the previous one, which is also overpriced."
76561198024190457,Not Recommended,317620,24961276,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,tty146,"Outdated graphics, clunky interface. Buy the board game...it is amazing. This is a cheap knockoff that doesn't even look very good."
76561197987494077,Not Recommended,317620,14018692,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,richard,A disapointing follow up that fails to fix the mistakes of its predesessorhttp://youtu.be/BrX3VfFB8CQ
76561198015832580,Not Recommended,317620,21001379,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thrak,"Not enjoyable at all, save your money for a better game."
76561198042311396,Not Recommended,317620,14729940,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,NOMMEH,"Dedicated Graphics necessary, rather than highly recommended. Was getting around 5fps on low settings, when other games run fine. Overwatch apparently only works some of the time, which wasnt explained in the tutorial. Shame, I wanted to enjoy this game."
76561198033902128,Not Recommended,317620,14391613,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,PeaceWizard,"Hi, I just wanted to say first: ""I really like the game! However.... and this is a show stopping however and seems to be raised here and there and yes I know Ziggi is kind enough to handle some of these responses but it's such a mammoth Elephant in the room that I cannot believe that at a strategic sales perspective you simply seem to not want to face it (cost or whatever).. but your game architecture/release date ready benchmarks sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your Testing manager should be released from contract and the sales director should figure that release date ready game eguals better reviews and and betters sales. Why the rant? Well lets see; I think I fit your new market growth potential perfectly: Why? Lets see who I am...Me I know of WarHammer and love the idea; want to play as a Space Marine (seriously who doesn't); I got middle of the road PC: i3 - GeForce 1GB G card & 8 GB RamNot looking to run on ""High"" settings I run COH and COH2 on middle the road NO PROBLEMThen I load ""Space Hulk ascension"" oh my what a surprise I have in store: Quick reduce every setting it offers drop graphics, resolution, and the options for OW cones and the other option which I cannot remember now and just about anything else your display console offers for me to keep playing the game I have just spent money for (after reading your joke of system requirements guide)....... And before anyone suggests or enquires I have complete control over my system integrity and config; there are no hidden running resources (in fact I played around with my NVidia console and changed it to performance over quality just for you). Never needed to do that.... Did it work? Yes, for two 3 hours and then the system over heated and shut downto protect my PC (That's a first!). I do not know how you are running this game; but Holy Moly are you determined to ensure that no one other than die hards play this game... My advise throw your sales strategy in the bin...."
76561198009178997,Recommended,317620,26221439,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GoldStacker,enjoying cleansing the xeno filth
76561197961261827,Not Recommended,317620,25208004,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,"No Command Points?  Ain't no ♥♥♥♥in' Spack Hulk game.  You can't throw out a founding mechanic of the game for this jackassery called ""Command Radius"".  As if a troop's proximity to the squad leader determines his effectiveness.  Of course they don't have radios in teh futurz.  And, believe me, it ruins the whole game.  Have fun guessing what your troops will be able to do every round.  Part of the genius of SH is calculating exactly what you can pull off in a turn, and this chucks that right out the window.  Way to turn a yet another SH game into a poochscrew."
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,317620,25110089,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Glenjamin,ok this is an honest review unlike the warhammer fanboys who act like this game is in anyway decent. this game should be called space hulk rng because thats all it is. genestealers will continuosly screw you over if you miss once say good bye to youre space marines in TERMINATOR ARMOR you get one shot by genestealers. if you dont cover a doorway or hallway with 2 space marines say goodbye to whichever space marine you put in overwatch. is this game like xcom yes in the sense the rng will screw you 95% of the time and has completely asinine difficulty scaling.  it would be good if they made your space marines  what they should be tough as nails super soldiers in armor that can take a hit from a daemon prince but it isnt youre in tissue paper against enemies that dodge exploding bullets and always have the advantage. all in all 3/10 total garbage and assuredly not worth 30 dollars.
76561197998514411,Not Recommended,317620,23006932,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Starcucks,"Oh no! A single genestealer, and I am but a space marine in Terminator armor! Remember me fondly, for I shall not see the sunrise!I really wanted to like this game, but after watching space marines get exhausted from turning around, or just getting stabbed in the face like they're the black guy in an alien movie. I just can't. I know what you're thinking ""But that's how the game works dumbass. AP, Overwatch, reload, it gets better later."" Yes, I am aware that space marines in terminator armor cannot be as powerful as they are in the lore. I understand what this game is and how it is played. Iv'e played the board game version with my friends a bit. All im saying is that, ok, hang on, get this, *I don't think it's very fun* 3/10 just play dawn of war 2."
,Recommended,317620,33531334,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,The Incredible Hulk goes into space and floats around.
76561198009782895,Not Recommended,317620,13670981,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GabberDoesLinux,Meh
76561198038288376,Not Recommended,317620,33017405,Posted: 29 June,all,ur238,There is no strategy to this overly difficult game.  What a waste to have every fight be in single file corridors.  The enemy is as linear as the gameplay.
76561198097698392,Not Recommended,317620,32727493,Posted: 24 June,all,Ji-EnerJi.Дрон,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥random
,Not Recommended,317620,13049247,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cornwuff,Completely unplayable on my 2009 iMac. Guess I need a new machine.
,Not Recommended,317620,12972904,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,If U Seek Amy,Eliminate all Genestealers80
,Not Recommended,317620,26195449,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Condre369,nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
,Not Recommended,317620,12913579,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Swagin Skrub,Not as good as the original
76561198149927988,Recommended,317620,12944760,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,d_con_k,"I have come to like this game after a while.I switch off the default music and replace it with John Carpenter's ""The Thing"" opening and end sound tracks and fill in the middle with Lustmord.Really enjoying the Dark Angels Chapter.Waiting for Sliverleech to find the Emperor's light again and fix the latest broken DLC / game update.Silverleech - don't let us down ... lest thee be branded Heretic and Traitor !    ;)Inquisitor's time piece is ticking down ....."
76561198142246076,Recommended,317620,13123646,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Don_Mesquita,"It's good to pass the time, althouh it's not one those games that will blow your mind, it's solid enough to keep you coming back for more. Easy to play, hard to master. The game mechanics are fair and work well for the most part, some bugs here and there but it's not something will afect your gaming experience.The only thing I don't like is the plot, other than the briefings theres is nothing, and the missions are all alike with some minor diferences, but those diferences are sometimes enough to make you change your tactics, which is good. But that's just a personal opinion, I would like a dlc with more chapters and more costumization options, maybe more weapons and hero units. Genestealers are scary and tough but what about some chaos marines to change things a bit, it's a space hulk anything can happen inside."
76561198036400273,Not Recommended,317620,12969386,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Amicus Cenaculum,"Much worst than last year Space Hulk (yes this older title was TRUE to the actual cardboard game), where this new one is not, BUT this is a PC game, I want more than a simple cardboard port to the digital world, and this new title failed to delivers just that.  It's more in dept, less engaging, and too long and random,"
76561198050233850,Recommended,317620,24698057,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Battle Brother Aogysde,"I would only change 2 things about this game: 1st: Customization options for librarians please! just 3 different heads and I would be sooo happy, and 2nd: Imperial Fists icon on loading screen is oversized. Other than that this game is fecking awesome."
76561197992244401,Recommended,317620,13099836,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Slashimus,"Well the devs have actively addressed a lot of the game breaking bugs that were causing my negative review. There is also a new test beta build up with even more fixes so I can officially go back to whole heartedly recommending this game.It's essentially Space Hulk done right for PC. It's not a direct boardgame port like the first game. That worked well for people looking for a boardgame experience but not so well for most PC gamers looking for a decent, tactical, turn-based squad game.Better graphics, better animations, better atmosphere(creepy and dark). Also some tough missions.It has 3 distinct campaigns that can be played in any order with a variety of missions and situations to solve.A decent upgrade and RPG like system for each marine, means you can tailor a squad that suits your needs as well as choose from 3 different space marine chapters, each with a distinct trait.My only real complaint is that some things are sparsely explained, even in the tutorial. You kind of have to get in and get your hands dirty to get the hang of it. Totally worth the effort though."
76561198175854411,Recommended,317620,16428533,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ελλάδα,I loved it
76561198031193216,Recommended,317620,16948802,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,jo70thomas,"This game takes me back. The scoring is suberb, effortlessly capturing the essence of dark, warp filled halls teeming with vile xenos. It will also kick you in the teeth, even on lower difficulty settings. The 'stealers have a propensity to swarm and even the most formidable Astartes can be overrun.Now that I'm done with that bit...the game itself is actualy quite solid. You are forced to lock down strongpoints, cool your weapon systems, and monitor the health of your squad...just like in various other combative turn based games of yore. The in helmet camera is a nice touch as is the leveling system. All in all a very fun and enjoyable way to kill a few hours smiting the the foes of the Emperor."
,Recommended,317620,28886953,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Azznerak,"I swear by the Old Gods, I suck at this game. But it is fun. I grew up playing the tabletop version of Warhammer 40k. I always saw the Space Hulk game on the shelves in the hobby shop but never played it....until now. Which is sad considering how much I love Warhammer. And this game feels like Warhammer. Unlike Mordheim, which feels like it was designed to make you loose intentionally, I feel this game is somewhat fair."
76561197961993062,Recommended,317620,32088414,Posted: 31 May,all,Sanjuro77,Highly recommended for fans of Space Hulk and the WH40k universe in general.  Play on the harder modes!
76561197971050775,Recommended,317620,12913501,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Galadur,"Igen... Ez az a Space Hulk, amit az egyjátékos fanok igényeltek; remek szerkesztési lehetőségek (persze lehetne több is, talán később lesz is), képességek, szintlépések. Minden terminátort egyedire lehet szabni!A kampányról nem is beszélve. Több, mint 100 küldetés vár, amik között van jópár random is! Az újrajátszhatósági faktrot ezzel jócskán megnövelték. Jobbak az animációk és a hangok is. A sötét terek külön tetszenek.A korábbi Space Hulk játék lényegében a multis verziót (a társast alapul véve) jelenti, és nem kiegészítője annak az Ascension Edition!Eddig nem találkoztam hibával. Remélem nem is fogok! :-P"
76561198032565120,Recommended,317620,34709748,Posted: 3 September,all,Suffolkblue,"Terminators seem really feeble in this game, I don't know why... the Genny's just cut through them like a hot knife through butter."
76561198023802492,Recommended,317620,35213004,Posted: 25 September,all,CrispyBacon,"I think you have to have a love for Space hulk to enjoy this game past 30 mins. It can be unforgiving and downright annoying at times, but be patient and you will be rewarded with some great Terminator action. The power up aspect is a little on the fluffy side and the rng of the crates is simply infuriating (F5 is your friend before you open every one) but at its core its decent enough to keep you coming back.It lacks a little choice in the chapter differences, hardly any tbh and its repetitive ut it sure does keep me going back for more.A nice addition to the 40k game world."
