user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,317820,17079494,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zebulan,"First impressions of the game were great.  I was excited to play, everything was funny and great to discover - and then it clicked: I already saw everything the game had to offer.The game mechanics are the same from start to finish.Do quests, use money to upgrade guild hall, get new equipment, do quests, use money to upgrade guild hall, get new equipment... Sure, this is every RPG-style game, is it not?  There's always some *reason* why you're doing this, though.  Some end goal.  Something to motivate you to continue.  Some change in game mechanics.  Here?  Nothing.  It's really a one-trick pony.  Do quest, get new equipment, do quest, get new equipment, rinse and repeat.I found myself bored within hours.  There was nothing that captivated me, here.  The narrator starts to grate on you singing the same tune at every significant event.  You feel no love for your heroes, they die, and are instantly replaced.  There's no benefit to keeping them alive longer.Bottom line, Guild of Dungeoneering is extremely lacklustre.Guild of Dungeoneering feels like it should have been a mobile game, where you would play a dungeon and come back in a few hours time when your heroes are ready to go again.  There's so little meat and potatoes to the game, I'm disappointed."
,Recommended,317820,17094425,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AVAVT,"Just finished the game at 15hrs. Interesting game with innovative system. Still, I had to consider really long whether to say I'd recommend this game or not. In the end, the positives won out.Something very important you should know before buying the game: despite the misleading name and description, gameplay-wise this game isnota dungeon crawler, neither is it a RPG. It is more like a twist on deck-building card game. If you understand that before playing the game would be a lot easier to play.ProsInnovative system.Almost every mechanic in the game is card-based, and require you to plan each step of the fight. The ability to build your dungeon and choose your enemies based on your character deck is both challenging and fun.Many character classes with unique playstyle.This part of the game is extremely well done. Each class is vastly different from the others, and all of them are very fun to play. The feeling when you finally get to buy that building and test out the new class is trully thrilling. Though I would love to have classes' info available to see outside of dungeons. Right now you have to actually get into a dungeon to see your new class' ability.Neat dark humorand an evil bard mocking your dungeoneers every time you fail. Or win. Or do pretty much anything. His sole meaning of existence is sacarsm.And of course interesting art style.But I guess you can already judge it yourself.ConsThere's no tutorial.Ok, actually there's one hint for what you should do at the first turn of the game, and that's it. You have to figure out how the game works yourself. Took me 4 hours before I got a rough grasp of the game. And the last hour before realization was very, very discouraging. You have to be patient and figure out things with trial and error.No possibility to improve weak classes.Although each character is unique, the lower-tiered classes are a lot more powerful than their earlier counterpartsMainly because they have more starting health, which is quite important in this game. And there's no way to upgrade character in this game, meaning you will practically have only 5 choices for the endgame, which is a watse. I really love the Bruiser class but it's at the 1st tier so it get shadowed pretty soon.A lot of a lot of a lot of small, irritating UI bugsespecially with pop out windows and click handlers, and occasional game freeze.And I don't mean this as toilerable. This is the main reason why I considered giving this game a ""Not recommended"".The game feels like a beta test versionSeveral screens seem to be just there to be a place holder.For example you have a guild building where you can choose where to build each room/hall, and... that's all. You have an entire screen that doesn't really serve any purpose other than listening to its music.No end game content.After you clear the game you don't even have enough money to buy all buildings for the guild, and yet you can't go back to cleared dungeon. Meaning once you clear the game it's the solid end. Expect a 15 hours game for 15 bucks.In the end I would recommend this game if you:Enjoy deck building card games and had experience playing them in real life. Many effects and buffs/debuffs in this game are not tracked, which is not something players of digital card games are used to, and will lead to miscalculation and frustration.Want to enjoy an indie game that focus more on gameplay quality than quantity.Don't play this game if you:Prefer a simple, easy to jump in game. Prepare to spend at least 4 hours to understand what the game's about. You can see that most of the bad reviews are at around 3 hours of gameplay. I myself struggled at the 3rd hours mark too. Heck, that conveyed such strong messages that if I were the developers I'd do something about it immediately, but what am I to say, I can't even design a decent card game.Have low toilerance for semi-finished game. The game is lacking in content AND contains a ridiculous amount of bugs. They aren't game breaking bugs but they are irritating nonetheless."
76561198062930115,Recommended,317820,17453046,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"Wow. Really, wow. Wowies. Wowzers. I did not expect this. This is a game that will force my review to be as blunt as it gets. I expected a simple Pen-and-Paper game that would allow me to kick back and reminisce of the old days when adventures on paper were actually fun. I got surprised big time. I watched some youtube videos of this game but none of them prepared me for what it represents.A TL;DR Intro to Guild of Dungeoneering:So, this is the Guild of Dungeoneering, who tries to rival the best guild ever who has the best stuff, the best people and the best intel. In short, you form a guild with the intent to show them who's better. Sadly, the people who join you will be rougher than the average... And that's put mildly... unless you, Sir/Madam, are good enough to show them the way.What way? Well, it may be a way to glory, losing few people and actually showing the Ivory League guild who's the BOSS. Or you may send them to senseless deaths times and times over till the end of days. Everything goes. In the end, you will prevail.So, let's take a look at what the game does well and what poorly.THE GOOD:1. The music and soundtracks: this is the most unique soundtrack I have heard to date, turning the bland background sounds into a bard-like storytelling. Whoever thought of that must be showered with gold. For reals.2. The artwork: the game completely and thoroughly kicks back to the olden times when you could create adventures on pen and paper and make them fun through roleplaying, storytelling and jokes and jabs.3. Good character class variation and your own guild to improve, build and create as you feel like.4. No adventure is ever the same, because:4.1. You choose your hero from a number of classes.4.2. You choose your dungeon layout.4.3. You choose the enemies you fight.4.4. You actively participate in the action.4.5. You do your best to fight your battles as best as possible.5. This is not a game to keep you glued to your PC. You can play for a bit, take a break, and come back to it. The game will not lose anything from its charm.6. The game creates stories from the gameplay. If you have been following my reviews, you would know that I love this about a game. Be it for a win or a loss, you get a mission or a playthrough that makes you go to the forums and share. That in itself is a huge plus in my eyes.7. Good enemy variety, all of them with separate skills and setups.8. Talking about skills: skills = cards. So you play cards to win encounters and use them to the best of your ability. The enemy plays a card and then you counter and try to win. SImple, yet engaging.9. Ironman: there is a very select type of games that are worthy of an ironman experience and this one is certainly one of them. You do not get to save and load and fool the RNG.10. Humor: plenty of jokes, jabs, easter eggs and pokes to various cultures, franchises and... let's generalize, popular stuff is to be found in this game.11. A game that doesn't take itself seriously: this is one if the things that sells me out in a game. I love games that are jokingly frivolous and put a smile on my face. This one did it - many a time, even as I was losing horribly.12. Tons of loot: another thing that I love about games. Loot. It is improving with difficulty, and it is worth taking.13. Strategic decision win missions: while I said that I love frivolous games, I also love seeing my decisions amount to something. THis game does it for me.14. Commanding a rag-tag army of dungeoneers and sending them to their demise has never been more fun for me.15. Just like in real life, you can do everything right and still lose or get an unfavorable outcome.16. The game has more depth than it looks.17. And they even added animations, something that I, personally, did not expect.18. A single play-through takes over 7 hours even if you know exactly what you're doing (barring luck falures, wins, etc.), meaning the game is good value for the money.The BAD. Hold on to your knickers, people, cause the BAD is a lot. However, I would be so bold as to urge you to look at the BAD subjectively. Please decide for youself what's actually good or bad for you.1. Steep learning curve. The game is easy to pick up but expects you to play it for a good amount of time in order to learn its quirks.2. The game is frustratingly punishing. Winning a mission is not always a factor of character build and player skill.3. If you are the type to get easily aggravated, frustrated, or flat out♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at what happens on the screen, this game is not for you.4. Your adventurers forget everything they did in the previous dungeon and start at level 1 every single time... But that's not all: they also completely lose the gear hey got from the last run. Now I, personally, think that they just get so happy for being alive in such a punishing game, that they get so horribly drunk in the city tavern and pass out and someone steals their gear and returns them to first grade. I blame it on the Ivory League. Them freaking cheaters.5. RNG can screw you big time. It can even lose you a mission. This may happen so often, that it will force you to ragequit or dub the game as an downright infair, so much so that you might shelf it.6. You will ragequit many a time, especially if you have a short fuse.7. The game doesn't present much in terms of graphical and aesthetical fidelity for our modern age.8. There are no RPG elements of any sort that many people would expect from this type of game.9. There is no multiplayer. No co-op or LAN or anything.10.  Difficulty ramps up very quickly. If you don't know the quirks of the game, you might find yourself over your head in no time, which results in lost missions.11. Some classes are need revamping and balancing, as they are better than the others.12. So easy to lose a fight and the mission as a result.And now, the conclusion. I will make it very plain and simple.You should buy the game if:- you're a casual gamer- you like in-game humor that puts a smile on your face- you can accept the game for what it is - a parody to dungeoneering- you like games that you can play for a bit every now and then when you feel like, but still return to them and have just as much fun as before- you like jokes, jabs and pokes to various cultures and franchises- you like card games- you like skill based games- you like challenges- you like ironman games- you like experimenting- you don't care about losing, but enjoy learning from experience and adapting as a resultYou shouldn't buy the game if:- you are a very serious gamer that expects a huge value from a purchase- you have a short fuse and get frustrated easily- you dislike the random number generator- you ragequit a lot- you expect a game that will get you glued to the pc for days on end- you dislike games with a huge learning curve- you don't like seeing your minions die for the greater purposeSo why would I recommend the game?I would recommend it because it is the right game for me. I love games that have lots of humor, don't take themselves seriously and put a smile on my face. This one did it - even as I was losing horribly. It never made me feel bad for it and always had this jovial feeling of letting me fool around with it - be it with additional classes, options, and avenues of advancement. I was enjoying myself regardless of what was happening, and I believe this to be one of the most important factors in a game."
76561198069035546,Not Recommended,317820,17050459,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Aladore,"(Big) Edit :After playing some more hours I find myself beginning to enjoy the game quite better although I still feel disappointed.So I'll recommand the game in the end if you're not concerned with :-Character evolution and gears are reinitialised at the start of every mission.-Only lasting evolutions are unlocked classes, blessings, and lootable gears in missions.-Personalisation for each mission includes choice of a class (six starting cards), a blessing (little bonus), and then through the mission looting gears of four different types (you can keep only one by type).No more, no less. Quite enjoyable still but feeling of evolution and variety do not last.-In my very opinion : evolution is slow and although not that poor in the end still limited, just as variety of missions.I'll had a special thought for a mechanic I really like : each looted gear do not directly give new cards but rather levels of skills that stack on the character, each level unlocking a new card.First : it's NOT a BAD game. But...TL;DR :-Great game design ideas.-Globally poor content although sympathic.-Way too repetitive and boring due to the lack of evolution.Lovely idea on the paper, building a dungeon with cards around a character that move itself through the rooms you're creating, populating, filling with loot. Then playing cards based combats, making your character evolve, collecting better gears giving better cards. Upgrading your guild with earned golds to unlock new gears and classes.But...Very few different gears in my opinion, very limited deck building possibilities (one class and one weapon/offhand/helm/body gear), no lvl or gear conservation through mission makes you start anew everytime, not much novelties to unlock in the guild, at least nothing that feel like...Very sympathic but get tediously repetitive before the first half-hour.I have to recognize a great realisation for all the graphic and music parts, very funny narrator and beautiful tracks, very nice paper style design.But even for 15€ I feel ripped. The game is fun to play but so insanely repetitive. Played four hours, started to struggle to really enjoy myself before end of the first. I can only hope the promised  gifted extension for pre-purchase will really enrich the game but I have few hope.Great ideas but very unrewarding for the player due to the lack of evolution and real objectives beside. Missions are basically always the same, and even though there are some real tactical aspects they are, well, like all the rest, very poor in the end. Big deception because it's just a funny little time killer where it could have been quite a nice game."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,317820,18026165,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2HyvrNj6xo&index=1&list=PLTj9drPC92M2iXZVy0bCpf02SUE8zLaKGGuild of Dungeoneering is a dungeon crawler card game  where you play as a guildmaster sending different heroes into a dungeon, one at a time.  When your start  a dungeon quest, your chosen hero begins as level 1, and gains experience and gear as they progress through the level. Luck and randomization determine how your farein the dungeon, and the mechanics get a bit repetitive, as you start each new dungeonagain as a level 1 with no gear that carries over.If your hero dies, you and your guild are not punished in any way, and another heroof the same class appears in your guild to take the place of the fallen. This endlesssupply of heroes that don't interact of coordinate with any of your other heroes givesthe game a disjointed feeling, and takes away a sense of progression as you level up your guild.Because your heroes do not level up as your progress, and you are unable to bring any sort of gear into a dungeon with you, or have any choice in what cards you bring with you, the game relies heavily on luck and repetition. When it comes to beginnning a new dungeon, you are essentially thrown into battle with no ability to prepare for different types of enemies. The leads to having to repeat levels hoping for the right random cards, and a grinding feel.The concept of this game, and the way this game was presented was very appealing, but at the end of the day, upon playing the game, the extreme repetitiveness and grinding nature of the game make it frustrating and time consuming to play. You have no emotional ties to any of the heroes, and have to start out each new dungeon at square one. There is virtually no deck building, and no depth to the game. This was a great concept, but it fell short of it's potential.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watchif you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Not Recommended,317820,18578892,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vinterro,"The game is cute, simple, and fun. It takes a nice concept and puts it expertly into it's game. So why is this a negative review? Because the game relies on what I like to call impossiBS. This is when the difficulty of the game isn't based on skill, knowledge of the rules, or reasonable RNG. It is when a game's difficulty can be literally impossible if you made the wrong upgrade choices. And you will make those choices at least once. It's when the game laughs at what you've learned, and kicks it to the curb. And it's not in a fun way either.Let me show you what I mean. Needless to say, this review is spoiler free, so don't worry about it. You will come across a quest that requires you to defeat an Eye of the Beholder within a limited amount of turns. Not a problem, you say. You've done timed missions before, why should this be different? Because the placement of the set tiles requires a VERY precise path through the area. You need to kill a couple mobs to reach a NEEDED chest, in which you might not get the needed loot. Then you need to go a certain way to get to the boss on time. I've made it to that boss with just hitting zero turns, and it counts as a loss. When I did beat that mission, it was because I got lucky on the tiles/mobs, and was able to grind up quickly enough to kill it.""But Vinterro,"" you say. ""Isn't this game based on RNG? Shouldn't you expect to have a few bad draws, given the nature of card games in general?"" Yes. I did expect to get many bad draws. However, I did not expect to have to do the same level 37 times. I had to turn off the audio, as there is a bard who sings about your death every time it happens. Needless to say, it was getting very repetitive. The whole thing was annoying, and unneeded. But alas, when the boss's death came at hand, I was relieved that I could move on. And I got a hearty 1000 gold for defeating him, of which I immediately spent.Needless to say, I regretted that decision. The next area of the map is a jungle theme, and the missions in there got a massive difficulty boost. This is where the main part of the impossiBS difficulty came in. The levels beforehand were a perfect difficulty to what was available to you, and I had fun. These levels were in no way possible with what I had on hand. Every enemy got an upgrade, which added bigger damage, unblockable hits, and just endless frustration. I was a brawler main, which concentrated on a 'best offence is a good defense' kind of thing. However, the enemies had, for the most part, unblockable hits. Now, I griped for a bit, but realised I may need to change strategy in order to defeat these enemies.So I invested in other classes, trying to figure out the way of winning. Which first off is a big no-no. Under no circumstances should a game present an option to a player, then beat him over the head until he realises that option is entirely wrong. So I tried another class. And another. And sometimes I would be able to defeat the first couple of enemies in a mission, and by then I was set to finish it. However, the difficulty to get to that point is too damn high. I got to a point when I was literally stuck, and could not progress. And trust me, I tired. Unfortunately, there is no way to grind out the class you need. You can not revisit any quests that you finished already.So I looked to the Steam community forums. And I found some guides. Those guides basically told me that I'd need to choose one setup in order to win the game. Only one viable option, out of all the classes, blessings, and other ""choices"" I can make. And reading on, it seems the third area has an even bigger difficulty spike. I can not fathom how I'd be able to do this. I am basically required to start all over and follow a guide, word for word. Which should not be needed in any fashion, for any activity. Games are to have fun, but this has become a chore for me. Follow this step, buy this thing, choose this class. There is no freedom that is apparently there. As good as a game this looks, and as good as a game this was, it basically broke itself less than halfway through. And that is why I am writing this review. So hopefully you do not make the same mistakes I did."
,Not Recommended,317820,17189608,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Snarf McSnarf,"Like so many other reviews, (which I should have read before buying) I really thought I'd love this game after watching the trailers on Steam. Unfortunately those trailers failed to mention the complete lack of any persistent progress. After I realized this, the game lost 90% of its appeal for me.Yeah the graphics are cool and charming and the dungeon building is a fun concept. But why bother? If I make the dungeon too hard and lose a charcter, so what? I just get a new one, and he's the same level and has the same gear because you cant actually progress between dungeons. If they beat the dungeon, again, so what? They cant bring back any loot or gain any experience, health, skills, etc... basically, it's the same as if they had died, except now I get to do the next pointless quest.Having a persistant character from each class (or multiple characters from the same class) would allow the devs to make the dungeons get tougher, but that's ok because your guys get better too. Then when your Chump finds a sword in the second dungeon, he has a better chance of taking on the next one... assuming you dont kill him. And he gets to bring back the twig he was using too, and put it in the guild vault for some up-and-coming Cat Burglar to start with. Or as Guildmaster, you can sell the twig - or his sword, poor guy - for some cash.Obviously one problem with that is that currently you can't repeat quests, so your second or third guildmembers can't do a quest that your first guy cleared out. A solution would be a random quest generator, which could spoawn a random level, random goal dungeon. ""Kill ___ number of ____"" or whatever. It would add some variety to the game, and there would always be fodder to level your newbs up with. A cap could be put on experience gained from specific enemies, to prevent over leveling/grinding; so after level 2 you get half experience from Nasty Rats, after level 3 you get none. Time to go pick on someone your own size, Chump.Even the Guild expansion mechanic is flawed. If I build a blacksmith or a leatherworker, for example, it only affects the cards that my random loot is drawn from... so, I guess the rats and skeletons are coming and purchasing their gear at my guildhall? What I'd like to see here would be buildings that actually give my guys an advantage, like the blacksmith allows me to arm them with some iron swords or something, and expansions to it allow me to give them better stuff.If the devs want extra credit, and I know this would be a lot harder to impliment, a party system would be cool, where certian high level dungeons let you take two or three guys in together... And you don't stand a chance sending one guy in alone!So, while the graphics and soundtrack are great, and the dungeon building is fun, it really leaves a lot to be desired. I'll probably slog through it eventually, just so I can update this review for fairness. But as many have said, and I dread, I'm afraid that what you see in the first dungeon is what you get in the last."
,Recommended,317820,26240374,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Salt The Fries,"While a simple game of cards and strategy, it has a charming story of sillyness that picks fun not only at itself... but other games of the RPG genre.I found it amusing, yet simple.  Something that you can play for a little while in-between other tasks.  However, it's simple nature can become infuriatingly repetetive if you just focus on this game alone.   In other words, take it at a few short play sessions at a time, and above all else - don't take it too seriously!!"
76561198031278560,Recommended,317820,17808246,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Othobrithol,"This is a fun take on the deckbuilding genre. The presentation is simple but very functional. Extra praise has to be heaped on the atmospheric music and snarky lyrics that pervade play. The game is simple enough to certainly not need external reference or strategy guides, but hard enough to require forethought. Each run is short enough that dying 10 times isn't detrimental or particularly aggravating, which is fortunate because the game does not hold your hand and sometimes successive random chance dictates a no win scenario.Each dungeon run consists of turns with the player placing up to 3 cards of 5 in their hand. These consist of map tiles, gold, and monsters. Once placed, the dungeoneer then moves through the dungeon (prioritizing treasure, monsters and exploration of new tiles). Assuming the dungeoneer does not encounter a monster, this cycle completes until the specific mission objective is completed (kill a boss, kill X monsters, escape before X turns etc...they are rather varied).Battle consists of playing against an AI deck with each playing a single card per turn. Cards vary widely and include mechanics for two damage types, first strike, blocking, unblockable, card drawing and discarding, healing etc. The players deck is based off their class start deck and is augmented by ""loot"" captured from previous battles and chests. All loot give bonuses to one or more ""skills"" (such as Holy, Fire, Quick, Slashing etc). Extra cards are added to your deck based on the totals of these various skills (eg if you have Fire II and  Fire I items, you get the cards for Fire I, II and III).You have a central guild that you upgrade with the winnings from individual runs. Available upgrades include classes (base battle decks of a dozen or so cards and one special ability), packs of boosters that expand the potential pool of loot items, and a charm that adds a special ability."
,Recommended,317820,17293583,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,freerangegames,"Love this game!  Well worth the money!Likes: Very charming art, voice over, and flavor text.  Easy to play but still rewarding.  After I bought a couple 500 gold expansions for my guild, I was feeling like a BOSS.  A bit OP, but hey, I struggled to earn it!  Most importantly it's a unique game design combining cards and D&D-style RPG--and that is what our studio is into as well at the moment, so this has been very fun research!Dislikes: At the point after you have purchased all the 50 gold guild expansions but before you can buy the 500 gold expansions, the game feels like a bit of a grind because no new game mechanics are being introduced and you probably have mastered the rock/paper/scissors style combat up to that point, and you just aren't getting gold fast enough. Thankfully I pushed past the 1-2 hours of ""wandering in the desert"" and continued to have fun.Tip: You can keep going in circles on the dungeon quests that don't have a boss that rushes you in X number of turns, and keep collecting as much loot as you want (hopefully this gets fixed), provided you are stronger than the monsters.  You will want to add monsters, so you can get the gold from them.Suggestion to Versus Evil: Add in a mechanic or two that makes it detrimental to just walk in circles in the dungeon collecting loot. Increase risk and lower reward. Starvation?  Disease?  No loot drops? Ghosts of past slain mosters that come back with increasing levels?  Fewer and fewer cards show up to build dungeon with?  I'm sure you can think up a whole bunch of funny things."
76561197998187459,Not Recommended,317820,17087802,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tombles,"Although I initially enjoyed this game, in the end I don't think I can recommend it to most players. While the presentation is nice, the gameplay is polished and the general concept well realised, the core of the game design is fundamentally flawed by overreliance on randomness and a lack of player control.The very shape of the dungeon you explore, and many of the enemies you fight, are determined by placing cards you are randomly dealt each turn. If you're lucky, then the cards you get will lead you to your goal, if not, they won't, which on timed missions can mean you simply fail the mission and need to restart. Similarly, if you can place enemies your hero can defeat, then you can win the battle, level up, and progress. If not then you either skip leveling up and stay too weak to fight the preplaced enemies in the level, or you risk a battle against a too strong enemy, which will likely lead to you dying and needing to restart.These 2 aspects of the game are made worse by the fact that you cannot control where your hero will actually move. Often the hero will move onto the monsters and treasure you yourself place, while sometimes (usually when it matters the most) the hero will ignore what you've placed  and insist on charging into a powerful enemy and dying. Once again, this is particulalry annoying on timed missions where every move you make is important. The rules for how the hero chooses his path are never explained, so it's possible this can be avoided with clever play, but I never figured out how.Deck building for combat is also very random, each hero you choose has a gimmick (such as extra effect from healing spells) and a few preset ability cards, but most of your abilities come from equipment that randomly drops in the level after fighting. This means you often end up in battle having to fight with abilities that were randomly chosen from your deck, which itself is filled with abilities that were semi randomly added to it. Once again this leads to frequent situations where you lose battles simply because the RNG didn't give you cards that allowed you to win. Since losing a battle means a restart, the frustration can quickly mount.If you enjoy the gambling aspect of games, where your fate is 70% determined by the roll of a dice and 30% by the choices you make, and you have a lot of patience, this can be a fun game. The combat is simple, but understandbale and fun, the graphics are nice and the music is good (though the ""Lol your hero has died again!"" songs eventually caused me to switch off the music entirely). Otherwise, you'll likely find that the frustration of constantly restarting levels due to factors beyond your control will quickly outweigh the fun that the game offers."
,Recommended,317820,17053283,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,exocent,"A collection of thoughts on the game.My 3 hours with the game have left me with this initial impression. The more classes you unlock; the more you'll realize how much variety there is in the game.  For an early taste of variety, I'd suggest picking up the Mime and the Bruiser as your second and third classes.  The mime is a spell heavy class that can make your opponent discard cards or duplicate a card from your enemies hand.  The Bruiser, my personal favorite so far, is a block-centric class that rewards you for saving and using your block/ block - attack cards for that perfect play.  Sure there's RnG but you have the choices and ability to swing things in your favor. Playing a class that deals well with phys attacks better than magic? Sprinkle your path through the dungeon with enemies that deal in phys damage and discard all those nasty magic based enemies you don't want to deal with.  The more I played the more I realized how much you can do you help yourself win - and figuring that out feels extra rewarding.I have encountered a few bugs (characters deaths glitching, occassional game slow down, and one straight up crash) and a few tooltips are lacking as well. I don't know what ""Quick"" means on a card yet. Hopefully a patch will fix these issues soon."
76561198021074368,Not Recommended,317820,17054282,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,solsiva,"When I was watching people play it before release it seemed like a lot of fun and when the game is working, it is fun. I feel like the game was released well before it was ready for prime time, however, with the complete lack of options apart from sound, rampant bugs, and standard features on their to-do list. Unless you have a high tolerance for going through the teething process or simply adore it, I'd say give it a pass until they resolve the problems."
,Not Recommended,317820,17074200,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Magdaki,"The game has lots of charm. Lots and lots of charm. Mechanically, the dungeon building aspect works well. Combat does not work very well. Combat is pretty simple and so highly predictive. Barring extreme good or bad luck you can be pretty certain of victory or death on turn 1 of combat.The biggest problem I have with the game is the lack of any persistence between dungeons. You always start as a level 1 hero with no gear. I know the developers have said that the is an intentional part of the gameplay to prevent farming a dungeon to get a super hero, and their reasoning is sound for the game that it is. However, in my view, it is still a design flaw and they should have made other adjustments during design to account for this. It is a major negative to the game. The developers have said that the point of the game is to level up your guild, but this is not a very satisfying experience and feels lacking of consequence.I've marked the game as a ""no""; however, I will say this. It plays a lot like a board game. If you're looking for a board game this might be the game for you. As a board game like experience I would give it a bare pass."
76561197962815814,Recommended,317820,17069335,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,your mother,"Just finished the game. Took around 15 hours.  I see people are worried about the content . Content is there in terms of various zones , enemies belonging within those zones, their abilities and how to approach each of these missions, customizing your skills(cards) with your playstyle(various classes)I think it is worth it for the asking price.Couple of problems with balance in my opinion though which might frustrate some players . It might be possible to get stuck while transitioning towards another zone if you do not have the money to buy a Tier 2 character. You either restart the entire game or slowly grind up the cash to unlock those classes.I also hardly used the fountains because I found the RNG on them too punishing.  I managed to go through the content hardly ever placing them so I guess they could have been implemented better.All in all, a challenging romp. Wish it was longer because I enjoyed my time with it but hey..15 hours for a 15 buck game. Can't complain.And no, I did not had an easy 15 hours trying to completing it. You need to know what you are doing. The game does have some incredible depth. I""ll let you guys figure that out."
76561198134318332,Recommended,317820,32708813,Posted: 23 June,all,onehungrynomad,this game is hours of silly fun.it's just a lovely game with a cute art style and easy to understand but deep gameplay.it reminds me a lot of munchkin.
76561198042261571,Not Recommended,317820,23443745,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jamie,"The Guild of Dungeoneering is a very cheeky game that I'm not quite sure what to call it because it manages to do a lot of things. It's a card game. It's a dungeon explorer. You can build your own guild hall, which we RPG and adventuring types like to do. You can name some characters and take them on a great adventure! ...Or death.Honestly, it's probably going to be death. You're probably going to die in this game a lot and you're going to get frustrated. But the point of this game is that you can go through characters like you go through underwear (unless you obsessively preserve your underwear then okay, you're not the example). Put up a new poster and get some new victims to make you rich!With pleasant ditties playing as you tackle new dungeon maps that you get to create yourself, The Guild of Dungeoneering is a nice way to spend some time by hiring some other schmucks to kill some trolls. Emphasis on other. The journal entries make it very certain that as the dungeon master, you're not getting your precious hands dirty. Seems like a great time, right? Maybe even some nostalgia coming back to you?Or...it would be nice. Frankly there's nothing wrong with the game. The design is solid. The art is graphite pencil and paper animations making angry faces at you and sometimes shouting Cockney slang. That's not my problem, I think this is all dandy. I even love the bard. Sassy Bard, call me man. We're gonna sit on a corner and play demoralizing music at people.This is such a mean game, it really is. In this game, you need to bait your dungeoneer with lower level monsters and loot so they can eventually tackle the boss. You'll also need to set up cards to get the correct route to the boss. Your dungeoneer can often be stubborn and ignore loot for the glory of taking down the boss early...when they're level two. So you need to keep a healthy (read: gigantic) space between you and the final area so you can get ready and have the correct cards to take on the ultimate baddie.If you don't, your graveyard will fill up before you had a chance to get much further past the tutorial stages.Punishment is a way to describe it. If you have a single bad draw of hand, you're going to die. If one thing goes wrong, you're going to die. If wells pop up on the map in a certain way, expect death. That gets very discouraging early on when you're still getting attached to the game. Because I was instantly having my dungeoneers killed off, I found an inability to love this creative game. It just kept spanking me no matter what approach I took to any dungeon. Something would be off for a moment and I would die horribly. And again, while this isn't a problem because you start every single stage at level one, so no need, it just discourages you as a player. You get irritated and you just don't want to keep going after fifty characters in a row died because you had bad luck and there is nothing else to explain it. Sure, you'll still get points for dying horribly over and over, but who wants to pick up a game after being kicked so many times? I've played unforgiving games before, but this one just likes to kick me in the teeth.You honestly need some steely patience for this game. It starts off sweet and it rewards you. Suddenly it pulls it all away and you're alone. That fulfillment I normally feel from getting through something difficult is replaced by frustration and being very angry because it was just a single card or something completely stupid. I'm no longer enjoying myself. I'm hate-playing just to complete the game.Which is a shame. It's very silly. It's a game filled with bad puns, table top jokes, and all sorts of little goodies you look in a gem like this. But you really need the patience to stick around! If you can't handle dying a lot and investing a little time and patience, you probably shouldn't look at this game.Usually I'm happy when a game doesn't hold my hand, but the card placement for the map process may have needed to be a little more explicit at the beginning. On first look, some map pieces map appear to connect and a player might think they will. It's just detailed crumbling brick to make the dungeon look pretty. Or it's a fancy lake. I felt like there needed to be some instructions for the idiots in the back (yo!) so we didn't try to hoard pieces and then create a map you couldn't walk around on. Did it twice. It was stupid of me, but just to have that idiot message for the slow guys in the back. A delete button would have been great for the map, but I can understand that this would also make things too easy. Still, I feel like some happy medium needed to be there. Like a ""win this and you can delete a map tile"" or something. It would have made me feel more like a dungeon master, considering I am building this as I'm sending my minions scurrying anyway. Ah well.I grudgingly have to say I don't recommend it because while was nothing really wrong with this game, it felt more like I was working and convincing myself the game was fun. This is really unfortunate. But...if you like card/board games and you enjoy dungeon crawling? Hey, it might be for you. Really. Just have better patience than I do. This one discouraged me too much.No health advisory here. Go forth and play."
,Recommended,317820,17046140,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lan Dréw,"Allright, so this game is actually really new and refreshing! And they got it right with a new twist.+ ProsRandom generated YOUR way!Pretty looking visualsAmusing soundtrackTurnbased combat done wellGood replayability- ConsNo in-depth optionsCan feel like a Early Access game sometimesGameplayYou start of in a room and some random selected cards to start off with, combat, currency and path.So your goal is to reach the quest, either a boss, kill enemies blablabla.What's really unique with this gem of a game is that YOU decide the path, YOU decide the combat, if you REALLY want to you can build a path around everything straight to your goal but that's kinda hard since you need to farm up to fight the boss or whatever your goal is.And you get aGuild Hallwhere you can buy 3 kinds of rooms,Might,MagicandLoot.And each section have a huge variety of rooms, 10+ if i'm not mistaken. So you get to create a enormous base at the end.CombatIt's RNG turnbased combat that really makes you think sometimes, it can ♥♥♥♥ up your whole dungeoneeeeeeering if you use a wrong card. But it's SO rewarding getting gold/silver/diamonds etc to upgrade your guild.For each enemy you kill you get an upgrade, weapon/secondary/helmet/shirt that gives you bonus powerups or things like health, better blocking during combat and such.Everytime you die you get a new character you can name, and of course a graveyard where you can track your best runs with each character.MusicThis is my favorite in this game, it's a really cool song played to every achievement in the game with lyrics!And the in game music is also amazing and you feel intimidated.Current rating:7,9/10I will finish this review later after i played more, but it's really amazing and i can garantue it's unlike every game you've ever played!"
76561198009306306,Recommended,317820,17134600,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,aerouge,Finished in 12 hours game time.It´s a fun litle game but quite grindy and for the ammount of repetivness the game time is pretty low.Still a good game that is fun to play. So thumbs up
,Not Recommended,317820,17060049,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ruazihtlab,"Honestly, the game mechanics do not really change from the moment you start the game to the end, it gets very tiresome early on and the base building mechanic has no real depth at all. From the very beginning this game is nothing but a grind for gold in dungeon's that are meant to kill you for not having better hero's until later game. This game tries to be ""Darkest dungeon"" with a cute art style, but none of the depth.Final verdict is that this game feels like an alpha and is lacking finishing touches especially considering the price tag.Additionally, I've just tried ""card hunter"" a free game here on steam which also includes multiplayer and a whole lot of content and mechanics that keep it fresh. Go give it a go, it's free, no harm in looking."
,Recommended,317820,26284658,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gramps,"Had my eye on this game prior to release and really glad I picked it up!  The art style is fantastic and reminds me of drawing maps for D&D back in the day.  It is all very cleanly done and consistent.  For some reason it also kind of reminds me of Kingdom of Loathing a bit.The gameplay is pretty smooth, with only a few false click situations.  Doubling-clicking the cards to activate wasn't super clear at first but makes sense over a single-click which could lead to accidental selection.  The twist of building the map around the dungeoneer is pretty cool.  Once though I got stuck in a really small, two room dungeon by nothing thinking about meerly skipping that turn.  The music is pretty cool too.My only gripe, and barely that, is the RNG can be a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes but it is to be expected.  That's how the RNG gods are."
76561198119264382,Recommended,317820,23608171,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,FuzzyCuddlyBunny,"I find Guild of Dungeoneering to be very fun, but I would strongly recommend watching a video of some gameplay before purchasing it; it's the kind of game that's hit or miss. The graphics are simple, but have a lot of personality in them in that they look hand drawn. The gameplay is simple, but can be very fun. Overall, it's a game where most design decisions are something that you'll either like or you won't, and neither disposition is particularly uncommon."
,Recommended,317820,17611201,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Bryy Miller,"This is basically GM SIMULATOR 2015.Those that are giving this game neg reviews due to it being REPETITIVE are missing the point completely.This game oozes charm. From the hand-drawn graph paper style to the on-point Bard that narratives every single life, death, etc. - it's crazy great. And don't even get me started on the soundtrack. It hits just the right balance of epic and whimsy.The mechanic of building a dungeon and playing through it seems small in scope, but you quickly realize just how much depth their is to the gameplay. The base building and dungeon building are completely different, as is the combat. It's not a half-baked gimmick game like, say, Game Dev Tycoon.It's a great little number."
76561198043126739,Not Recommended,317820,17385389,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kurisu313,"I really dislike this game, and not because it's god-awful, but because it's so close to being good.  There's so much to like, but it falls short of being a good game.The progression is awful.  You struggle to earn any money to buy the unlocks until the game just decides that a boss is suddenly worth ten times the amount of money you've ever owned.  Newer classes are just straight up better than older ones, so you won't, can't keep playing a class you like.  Gear is debatable, some 'better' items have their own drawbacks such that some old items continue to be useful, like the trusty +1hp items.The combat can be frustratingly unfair at times.  This is partly due to the nature of the card game mechanics, and anyone who has played a card game knows that sometimes you get a bad draw, but it sucks when you're ten minutes into a dungeon and have ground your way through a bunch of monsters to suddenly die at the last hurdle through no fault of your own.Experience is weird.  Dungeoneers level up through a hard to tell system (I think you have to kill an equal or higher monster, grinding lower levels seemingly does nothing) but it doesn't transfer to the next dungeon.  While I can see why this might be overpowered, it makes keeping Dungeoneers alive meaningless.  Since they're given names, it would be nice to have some kind of system to withdraw from a Dungeon to keep them alive.  Nope, quitting a dungeon kills a fully healthy dungeoneer.The music is... odd.  The Lyrical segments are definitely nice, but only plays upon victories, deaths and unlocks.   Otherwise, the game is oddly quiet.  Sound effects are lacking, and the bgm doesn't really fit, IMO.The first levels are so promising, which is why all the lets plays have been fun to watch, but it just doesn't pan out.  In particular, the very ending is pathetic.  The game just sort of... stops.As I say, it's not the worst game, and I could see a sequel that expands upon the idea being fantastic, but I don't recommend this game."
76561198142370495,Recommended,317820,18849198,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,The_Unburdened,"Haven't done any of these little review/commentary on games in a little while but thought i would do this nice little indie game, as above its called the "" Guild of dungeoneering "". Its a nice little hand drawn style with an amazing narrator and music style particularly if you like that Terry Pratchett style i find it quite similar to that.Its a quite interesting little RPG Rouge lite kind of game without any broad skill trees or anything like that, abilities are gained through equipment and combat is also done in a interesting fashion.So the game is done in a card based fashion, with two main components the building of the dungeon and the combat with the creatures in it. So the building of the dungeon is done in a randomized card fashion pullying cards from a deck specified for the level by the designer (so far into the game you cannot alter this deck); these include room card such as a corridors, turns and rooms with multiple exits. The other type of room save the specific paths you can create are rooms with ""fountains"" these come in the entire variety of room designs but also come with a fountain in the middle of the room, the fountains give buff or debuff to the character, but is only picked up after killing any monsters in the room, these have a wide range of effects such as ""burn"", ""stupidity"", ""blindness"", ""fury"" or such as +1 hand size or +1 loot, i will explain what this means later in the combat.Next is monsters cards depending on the level of your character, they are given to the player and allow you to place them as you like: though note that killing these monsters are needed for gold and loot so you want to be fighting as much as you can.The final set of cards is one of the more interesting mechanics ""gold"" in this game you don't directly control your characters they go where they please depending on where the paths you make go, or where the gold is. With the placement of gold or other treasures you can lure your adventurous little scamps down the path to victory, but with a lack of incentive your hero will often run of on their own attacking monsters at will sometimes this is fine allowing them to kill everything in sight can be good for loot but some monster are more of a challenge than others or for you character to go to or avoid ""fountains"".The combat is one of the other interesting ideas in this game its done in a card based method, most characters have a starting hand size of 3 cards when the fight begins (if not under effect of buff which increases it), these cards come in many different varieties, but the main idea is each player plays a card and it is resolved and removed. Most will deal damage to the opposite side these come in two varieties magic (blue) and physical (red) these two styles of damage are important when it comes to blocking and the resolution of certain effects, but as an overarching comment blue can only block blue just as red can only block red. So I will basically explain the combat; the player gets to chose a card from their hand (note in most cases you are reacting to the opponent's card unless your under the blindness debuff where their card is hidden), one such card is the bruisers ""get out of here"" which is one red damage and one red block, which can be used to deal one damage and block one physical damage. Along with the various damage and blocking card there are cards which allow the drawing of extra cards along with other cards which can give damage when you next use a specific attack or healing abilities.As to buff and debuffs there is quite a variety, ""burn"" causes one damage per round on both enemy and character, ""blindness"" prevents you seeing and reacting to them, others include frenzy which activates when the character or enemy is below half health and it causes physical attacks to have +1 damage. Or for the debuff ""mundane"" causes magic atracks to do down +1 damage to the enemy or ""stupidity"" which give an extra card a ""stupid"" or ""umm"" which are a blank card which obviously aren't good for combat, or at least takes up a spot in your hand.The RPG/rouge lite effects of the game are quite interesting, at the start of each dungeon run or mission the character starts again at level 1 without any equipment, death has no real problem it just means you loose most of the loot and gold you gathered. As you fight through the level you will kill monsters and level up which cause an increase in health and for each kill you gain an option for selection of equipment which give the options for 3 different cards to the combat but this can be altered with certain abilities to give more cards. Overall you can equip 4 peices of equipment a helm/hat, main hand, offhand and a body: the equipment gives many options as i mentioned before which include extra health or extra cards for combat.Apart from the dungeoneering you also have a small peice of base building in the form of the guild, this is where you spend your hard earned gold, you build buildings which either give other variations of heros or gives options for better gear to be found in the dungeons these are in three teirs initally which goes at the costs of 50/500/2000 gold.Overall its a good little game and now they have actually recently released a DLC for additional dungeons to explore along with additional character you can play, i certainly think its a good little game, worth a look at if you have the time Its well worth it."
,Recommended,317820,17664436,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,melon,"While this is not the best RPG for hardcore gamers, I found this to be an adorable casual RPG. I also love the element with which they bring cards into the game, and the combat system is simple and still runs smoothly. I don't think this can compete with other indie RPGs (Darkest Dungeon, etc.) I still think it'd be a good pickup if you're in the mood for something lighthearted. I do feel that the strength heroes (Bruiser, Barbarian, Knight) should be nerfed a little bit, as I've found significantly more use for them, but other than that, not much else. I could go on with minor moster tweaks but I shall spare you. 87/100"
,Recommended,317820,31943517,Posted: 24 May,all,RoX,"♬Ooooohhhhhhhh…♬♬ This a review that I am engineering ♬♬ about a game they call Guild of Dungeoneering. ♬♬ Though this song may be misunderstood, ♬♬ I'll tell you a tale of a game that’s really… ♬♬ really… ♬♬ good! ♬Yeah, if you watched the game trailer, that’s my lyrical parody and for those of you that have yet to play this game, beware that this type of pirate-ish folk song occurs through the whole game! I've been playing it so much that this rhythmic pattern runs through my head all day long and now has assimilated itself in my everyday life!Like on my way to work:♬ Ohhh… ♬♬ This is the way I drive to work. ♬♬ This guy cut me off, so flip off the jerk. ♬♬ He’s coming to fast, he’s ramming my car! ♬♬ Now it’s in pieces, and I know it won’t get me no… ♬♬ far… ♬And at work:♬ Ohhh… ♬♬ This is the way I do my job, ♬♬ If I don’t get more pay, I might have to rob ♬♬ The cat got hair, all over my shirt ♬♬ There are so many obscenities, I would just love to… ♬♬ Blurt! ♬Yeah, it’s pretty safe to say that this game gave me one massive earworm. If want to know more about earworms, you can learn about them from your creepy “uncle” Stephen King here:http://ew.com/article/2009/04/17/stephen-king-songs-stick-your-head/But there is only one way to get rid of this earworm!♬Sooo…♬( sing with me )♬ This song keeps circling in my head ♬♬ Even when I’m asleep, and in my bed ♬♬ I’m going to scream, and I’m going to shout ♬♬ It’s eating my brains, so I might as well blow them.. ♬♬ Out… ♬Aaaaggghhh!!! Make it stop!!!For those of you looking for a serious review:I picked this one up during the free weekend and was hooked instantly. As an Analyst in my day job and a “numbers guy” in general, I am thoroughly enjoying this one. It’s a very well balanced casual, play at your own pace, build your own fate with what your dealt, typical card based game. At 11 hours of playtime, I’m almost through the third world. At this point, I can’t tell how many worlds there are (based on the size of the board I’m assuming 4), but the worlds consist of 5 or 6 levels and within those levels are 1 to 3 missions with different objectives.Every time you start a dungeon, your character starts from level one. This forces you to fight more enemies in a single mission to level up your character and stack your deck with better cards. You have numerous deck enhancements and new character decks that are available for upgrade that you can earn between missions.  I hear a lot of complaining that the game is “luck based”. Some aspects are but in general this is not true, if you analyze your enemy/objectives, you can easily figure out statically which deck will work best to beat the level. Yes, the method does require some trial and error and sometimes it does come down to the luck of the draw but that need for luck can be minimized if you know your character decks. Besides, anyone who’s been to Vegas or did a little gambling knows that half the fun is in the luck of the draw!There were a couple of things that upset me about this game, but the more I play it and get used to the mechanics, these issues became less of an issues and made a little more sense to me. Like the Dungeoneer movement. You have little control of where the character moves and there are times when important to get your Dungeoneer to certain space on the board within a certain amount of moves. IMO this is where the game really comes down to the luck of the draw as there are no upgrades that affect your corridor pieces, fountain pieces, loot pieces, or enemy pieces. If you do not draw the dungeon building cards you need, you are screwed! My other gripe is that I wish the characters, enemies, and fountains specific effects were more visible. As of this current version, you have to hover over the effect names, cards, characters and enemies, just to figure out what is going to do what! I dunno, maybe just part of the challenge...In all, considering the earworms and little gripes (-2), I’d give this a solid 8/10 for its insanely addicting gameplay and challenges. Guild of Dungeoneering is absolute nostalgia for any fan of DnD, Magic, or Hero's Quest! On the other hand, if you are not into the casual, card based, boardgame RPG type gameplay, this is one you should avoid!!Played on:Acer Predator XB1 G-Sync @2560x1440 144hz|ASUS ROG STRIX X99 GAMING MB|Intel Core i7-6800K CPU|MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Gaming X 8GB GDDR5X GPU|32GB (8GBx4) ADATA XPG Z1 DDR4/3000MHz RAM|512GB Intel® 600p M.2 SSD||My rig is a little overkill for this game and I’m sure this will run on even the most basic of systems."
,Recommended,317820,17375827,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,fantastic.hair,"This is a super engrossing game,but it's still easy to pop in and out of on spare moments. Very cute/clever game design and good game mechanic!"
76561198030925411,Recommended,317820,17392890,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,staplesponge,"I gotta say, it was quite fun. There is a rather annoying difficulty spike at one point, followed by a baffeling diffuculty plunge, but overall the game is quite fun and rewards replaying rather well with different classes having such different playstyles."
76561197990235286,Recommended,317820,17134489,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TTomleigh,"Finished the game in about 15 hrs and i had a great time with it.This game is deffinately not your average dungeon crawler and it's important to understand that.  This game is more of a brain teaser than anything and a difficult one at that.  On the surface the game looks simplistic and easy, and i could not disagree more.  Figuring out how the cards and traits will resolve into damage is the most important aspect of the game.The game can be frustrating as you can get half way or all the way to the dungeon goal and lose your consentration, play one wrong card or neglect to account for a trait and you have to start over.  Be prepared to lose a lot of heroes... but don't worry because there is no hero progression other than unlocking new heroes and equipment outside of each individual dungeon, which makes sense for this game.I really liked it and if you do buy the game, READ THE TEXT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN DURING A BATTLE. If something happens like you lost more health than you thought, the answer will be there."
,Recommended,317820,31528488,Posted: 3 May,all,Johnnybnimble,"I played the main campaign and really enjoyed this game. Good humor, solid gameplay and addicting development. That being said, i have 11 hrs into this and thats about all i'd do."
,Recommended,317820,23526669,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,scruball,"This is unbelievably fun! Always been wondering - ""I got 15 minutes before I head out and I wanna play. What should I play? 15 minutes is just not enough"".Guild of Dungeoneering is your answer. For quick gaming satisfaction, sarcastically cartoony graphics, humorous music - fun all around.Ridiculous game in the very best sense."
,Recommended,317820,17100619,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Tanaric,This game feels like fast-paced single-player Dominion to me. I love it.
,Recommended,317820,24109994,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lord Songers,"Card based RPG. Really simple design that takes from multiple genres and systems and really ties it in together.The core gameplay in combat revolves around picking out cards, however the deck is predefined by your character class, and what items they have equipped. For example, a magic class with have magic attacks, and by equipping physical based attack items you can hybrid types of attacks. There is two types of attacks, magic and physical. There's also blocking, and other effects (quick strike, unblockable, draw a card on hit etc) - but that's all the major combat complexity there is. A very streamlined and understandable system. Enemies will generally show you their next move, so you have to make a decision based on your hand pulled from your deck (enemies get first strike unless you have a card to do so) - a great design choice for empowering the player to make good decisions. A lot of the game revolves around RNG, and there is an element of rougelike (permadeath, randomised dungeons), however the dungeon objectives and some room tiles are the same.Moving in the dungeon is a great use of the card like mechanic. From a hand of dungeon cards, you can pick up to three, place a room tile, enemy or gold. You do not control the hero, but instead lead it with the placement of gold (they like shiny things), enemies and rooms they can move into. Since your hand is random, each dungeon even in a replay feels very different. A player can optimise and plan a little ahead depending on what tiles they've placed before. This dungeon card system is a great way to put together dungeon crawling with card based mechanics, and really fun when you can plan ahead. The variation of dungeons, with bosses make some dungeons hard in the early game so providing a layout where you can grind low level mobs to get equipment is important - if you have the hand for it. Successful dungeon runs will give a permanent perk to the hero that completed - so keeping your heroes alive for the perks is a good idea.... if you can manage it.Progression is in the form of building and upgrading your castle, which allows for new classes to choose into dungeons, buffs and droppable/equipable loot. Since the player will unlock all of these anyway, it's just smaller decisions for the player to progress through without penalties - there is an expectation that the graveyard will be full of heroes. Each dungeon the player goes, the character resets in level and items and will have to regear each time. At the end of a run, it is all converted to gold for the upgrades in your castle.Really elegant in design, the music and bard dialogue frames the atmosphere, the aesthetics aren't too hardcore for a dungeon crawler and the UI and actions could be ported to mobile and gain a wider audience."
76561198048385355,Recommended,317820,32022247,Posted: 28 May,all,TerezarOmega,"While I dislike that there is no real character progression save for a battle scar or two (thus enough time spent cannot make the dungeons easy ala rogue legacy or ftl) the sheer number of classes, items, and monsters keeps each run into the dungeons feeling fresh.The writing is comedic and sarcastic, all to a tune, so its very reminiscent of the bards tale, which I heartily enjoy. The narrator has this not surprised tone of voice whenever he sings about your latest death, as though he has seen all this before.The game is fairly simple, using random cards dealt to you, you build dungeons for your characters to run through, placing monsters in their path for them to defeat and grow stronger from, placing treasures, and building paths to specific objectives, but the cards you get are randomized every time. While you will see the same cards over and over again, the random nature keeps it from getting too stale, though it will get repetative.The battle system is also the same, each class starts with a small deck of cards representing their skills, and you use them to fight monsters. As you don't fight with skill lists, but rather build attack decks as you go ala dominion, the game can at times come across as unfair, with you having to face off against bosses without the right abilities or equipment, or not being a high enough level. Summary: Some deaths are bullcrap and you will feel cheated, but it doesn;t happen often enough to be a problem.The hand drawn asthetic is charming, like a board game someone drew up in a basement for their friends to play. If you are looking for a serious tone, you will not find it here."
76561198141277509,Recommended,317820,17143062,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Reyals,"Casual deckbuilding game, but with enough strategic depth to keep you interested.Great artstyle and great music, fitting to overall quirky theme.Some people labeled the game as being too grindy. It can be, if you make the wrong class and items choices. Failures bring very little gold and respecing to better choices is difficult. You may be better off starting over. With the correct synergy choices you can blitz through the game.The game is definitely worth playing, but if you feel 10-20h gameplay is not enough for the full price, wait for more replayable features or sale."
,Recommended,317820,25130855,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,"Nice little tactical fight game.Won't beat it twice coz the fresh effect vanished and it gets a little repetitive at the end, but i recommand it if you're trapped somewhere for 2/3 days.Pros:designstrategyhumaconceptchallengingCons:repetitive at the endsometimes unbalanced and frustrating"
,Recommended,317820,26117420,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Samkitty96,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a terrific game. It has lots of humor, challenging dungeons, and just a general fun atmospehere. The only thing I disliked is that you lose items gained in a dungeon when you complete it. It is absolutely worth $15"
76561198042180959,Recommended,317820,17066440,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,thetitan9,This game has a lot of charm and humor. The map creating mechanic and card battle system make it new and interesting on every run. The songs in the game whenever you unlock or complete something are also great.
76561198034194274,Recommended,317820,17392429,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Auteyus,"The loot system is good in that you are encouraged to stack spells for higher powered spells, but bad in that there is no way to min/max this and it is not well explained on both fronts.  Otherwise, the class system is clever, though later classes completely overshadow earlier ones.  Combat is strong.  You are almost always punished for doing something dumb.  The fountain cards were not clever.  They were bonuses when you didn't need one and penalties where you felt like you just wasted time.   The RNG is painful, when trying to get that piece of dungeon or that right level monster to move forward in the time limit.  That really could be fixed a bit.  It's not like not getting the right pieces is a fun thing.  That's not replayability, that's just painful.  So overall, I'd say it's a strong game, if you get your wish from the RNGenie.  If not, I hope you have patience."
,Recommended,317820,31848909,Posted: 19 May,all,Shadowplay,"Really nice game, but make sure to get the DLC before ending the jungle level, if thats your thing. You cant go back and do it otherwise without a new playthrough"
76561198039736532,Recommended,317820,26333130,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,simon.g.garner,"Simple, funny, excellent art style.'A roguelike dungeon crawling card game' is not an easy sentence to say but it is fun to play : )"
,Not Recommended,317820,34317449,Posted: 17 August,all,Zubon,"Amusing but not great. Randomness is more powerful than your decisions in this game. You can try to push the odds in your favor, but it ultimately comes down to the cards. If you get the combination of cards, quest, and dungeoneer that let you get rolling, you can start doing interesting things. Otherwise, you are rolling the dice until a win comes up.Winning is not terribly satisfying when the game can randomly kill you with a level 1 monster that gets all the right cards (or a quest can be impossible because it is timed and you are note dealt room cards that let you get there in time). Oh, that didn't happen this time, so you win. Sometimes the enemy draws four unblockable attacks in a row. Sometimes you steamroll an entire dungeon. Your decision-making has not changed, so it's mostly in the luck of the draw. As the game goes on, you get more chances to customize and influence what cards can be drawn."
,Recommended,317820,22716929,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Herne the hunter,"A nice little rouge-lite, it is a great game for some quick games as the RNG keeps the game fresh. That said the RNG is a rather large part of the game, and it can often put you in a position that there is no way of beating (no matter your tactics), especially in the early part of a run, so go into the game knowing that you may just have bad luck and lose a dungeon.All in all it is a game with some great mechanics and decent replay value, well worth a buy for fans of rouge-lites or those who fancy a few quick runs of RNG heavy turn based combat."
,Recommended,317820,30578983,Posted: 17 March,all,killd1,"This is basically a deck building game packaged into a video game format.  For those who haven't played a deck builder with actual cards, the premise is everyone starts with a base deck and then you ""build"" it by acquiring new cards.In GoD, each dungeoneer class is a different base deck.  The cards in this deck are used in combat to damage your opponent, defend yourself, draw cards, discard cards, etc.  Enemies and treasure will give you items which add new cards to your deck to be used in future combats in the dungeon.  Enemies also grant XP to level up your dungeoneer.   You'll send your dungeoneer on quests to defeat monsters, find treasure, and so on.  On each turn in the dungeon, you have the choice to play up to 3 dungeon cards.  These cards are either rooms, monsters, or treasure.  So you are building the dungeon around your dungeoneer.  After you have played as many cards as you want your dungeoneer will then move to where he wants to go and fight any monsters there.  That's where you enter the deck battle mode and kill the monster before it kills you with it's cards.Finally, the gold you bring back from these dungeon missions is used to expand your guild.  With it you build things like Barracks to hire the Bruiser class or the Library to get the Apprentice.  You can also buy ""shops"" which are a little confusing.  They make it seem like your dungeoneers would start each mission with one of the items they list.  What they really do is unlock the opportunity for those items to drop from monsters as loot.Overall the game is very slick.  The music tracks are amazingly well crafted.  The graphic design is simple yet endearing.  The game is light hearted and humorful.  I especially like the limericks that play to introduce each class when you unlock them.  The gameplay is simple to understand but tough to master.  You will die a lot.  Or maybe I'm just bad.  The strategy around knowing when to expand your deck or keep it small is engaging, though the battle themselves can get a little boring after some time.   It's a fun little time filler game."
,Not Recommended,317820,17057541,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Riddlerboy,"Very fun at the begining, combat mechanics and the creating of a board are fun. The rest of the game is boring though. After a few hours it becomes VERY reptitive, and there is a lack of progression in upgrading your guys. Once you get to the third tier, thats all you use because they are just way stronger."
,Recommended,317820,19137311,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rainmaker,You might like the game or hate it but you just can't deny that it's songs and one sided dialogs are awesome. 10/10 would listen it again and again. Other than that the game does what it says. Nothing special.
76561198045618461,Recommended,317820,20517953,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Deathwurm102,"A nice combo of a Dungeon Builder, CCG, and Dungeon Crawler.Easy basics that can yield the need for complex Strategy depending on luck-of-the-draw.Artwork is funny and the soundtrack is really nice...be sure to listen to each Class' and Dungeon's song at least once for some amusing lyrics.Best played less than an hour at a time for maximum enjoyment."
,Recommended,317820,27530682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Astore,"Well for someone who claims himself to not be too bad at ccgs it surely took me a long time finishing the main campaign.The gameplay is so simple... it's hard again, and hilarious. Everything has some kind of pun in it.It took me about 14 hours to finish the main campaign and build everything in my guild. And that's all just to screw over ivory league. Screw you ivory legaue.No bugs or crashes occured, everything worked as intended. And whoever thought bard songs, you're the real MVP."
,Recommended,317820,33636872,Posted: 18 July,all,Cha0sbreaker,"As a fan of card- and boardgames, Guild of Dungeoneering scratches all the right itches. From the quirky artstyle, amazing music, tongue-in-cheek-yet-still-relentless humor, Guild of Dungeoneering on more than one occasion reminded me of a real-life board/card game Munchkin, especially Munchkin Quest. This is, needless to say, a good thing for tabletop veterans.GoD's actual game mechanics are more remniscent to an old computer game called Majesty, in that you have no ""direct"" control over your character, you can only ""lure"" them across the board by placing treasures, or by placing monsters that are less dangerous than the ones they were originally about to run into.The actual combat is done by using cards in a deck. Every character class has their own base deck, and every character starts a dungeon run at level 1. To gain a level, a character has to defeat a monster with a level that is either their own or higher, and upon leveling up, you are often presented with additional health (varies per class) and items. These items usually come down to additional cards for your character deck, and can provide you with different attacks, blocks, counters, heals, and sometimes more subtle forms of combat.GoD is a typical case of easy to learn, hard to master. Don't be fooled by the adorable graphics and the light ""feel"" of the game, there is a lot of content here, and more strategic depth than first meets the eye. This is an addictive game, and just perfect for both players that are prone to doing ""just one more run"", as well as those players whose time can *only* afford a quick run.If all this did not convince you......Tthen perhaps the fact that I own this game on steam, android *and* iOS will.Heck,  now even my corporate iPad gets some use every now and again!TL;DR : Thumbs up, way up."
76561198299007287,Recommended,317820,24094957,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LizardtheWizard,"After having only played the game for a small period of time I can say that it's pretty enjoyable. Yes, you will die a lot at the start but, I found that once I was able to get to the second tier dungeoneers death becomes more rare. Additionally, once you find that you are surviving more often you will start to build up battle scars which provides either a blessing or a curse. You will at first go through heros like tissues but the game does become signfigantly more enjoyable once you find your way around the game. I would like to see them add a little bit more to the guild building function of the game and some more variations in the way that the quest system works, but overall I would reccomend this game to any card playing, dungeon-loving, consumer out there."
,Not Recommended,317820,18264669,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Teddy,"When I first bought this game I thought it looked pretty neat. But after 10 minutes of playing I realized how shallow it actually was. It has little to no content and most of the gameplay is pretty repetitive. Though a nice concept, 4/10"
,Recommended,317820,25219059,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Stealth_zulu1,"Simple pen and paper game, still good enough to warrant a buy though.Guild of Dungeoneering is a category of its own, its not really roguelike and its not really a dungeon crawler, but it is fun.- The game has a steep learning curve and you will die, but feel good when you finally beat the boss- You dont build decks, the deck builds your character- LUCK is a big factor in both your card draws and your dungeon architecture- Different classes allow you to build a strategy for each class, some are not viable- Character dialogue sucks but story narrative is very well done- The combat is good- Not much replayability, two times is enough to see and do everythingThis game will last ~15-20 hours, fun enough to keep you entertained for the whole time depending on luck/skill and how frustrated you get when things dont go in your favor. The art style is very clean and there is enough variation in-game to justify the price."
76561198045401832,Recommended,317820,29532594,Posted: 27 January,all,SoloPlayah,"Awesome gameplay, sound, artwork, power-ups, and replayability make this a keeper.Just have to experience this to see how great it is. Kinda mind-blowingly sadistic in a dark humor sort of way."
76561198046920184,Recommended,317820,31451433,Posted: 29 April,all,mrscrosley,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish.  It reminds me a lot of D&D, with a little more whimsy.  The narrative is a bit snarky and sarcastic and really adds to the fun, IMO.  It's pretty straight forward: Make a path to the treasure, fight monsters, get loot.  I will say sometimes the luck factor frustrated me, you can build your deck the best way possible given your choices during loot drops, but still always draw a card that won't help during a given battle.  Eventually, fate will come around to your side and give you what you need, though, and you'll defeat the stubborn boss that was giving you trouble.  I have both DLC packs and have played all the way through the entire game.  When I realized I was done I was genuinely sad that I didn't have any more new levels to play.  If any more DLC comes out I will definitely purchase it.  This game overall was awesome, it provided me over 100 hours of entertainment, and it has a pretty high replay value."
,Recommended,317820,21674759,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,FuhrerAndy ♥ #TeamShandy,"The music is lovely and gameplay is addicting. I would not suggest this to the easily frustrated. It may feel grindy and I'm sure that's because it can be at times... There is a good bit of luck involved in this puzzle like game, which can bum you out when you have a character that has been with you through a few dungeons.My suggestion... don't get too attached to your dungeoneers...I'd recommend this as a pick up and play. It doesn't take long to grasp the concept and time can fly while in game."
76561198017681447,Recommended,317820,28351919,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Guild of Dungeoneering is an excellent Dungeon Crawler-esk game with a mildly chuckle-some art style and soundtrack. It has comical, yet strategic gameplay involving building expansion trees and building your character based on how your cards come together to affect your exploration into dungeons, not just cards in a deck like some other games that boast a similar style. Guild puts an interesting spin on the typical dungeon crawler by slightly allowing you to control how the dungeon is created in the form of random cards. Enjoyable and easy to get into thumbs up!"
76561198044090085,Recommended,317820,24519563,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Heimdalp,"I have finished the game after 26 hours of playtime (including the ""Pirate's Cove"" DLC. And I think that this is a wonderful game which, I have enjoyed every minute of it.It is important to get some updates earlier in order not to get frustrated by too many defeats. However you can always do some grinding if that is not the case.There are many classes and each of them have some unique cards and an ability that can be imitated by some of the cards. My favorites were Ranger and Mime in first tier, Ranger and Shape shifter in second tier, Troubador, Knight and Cartomancer in the last tier.Although you can die many times before defeating the game and chance plays an important role, this is definitely a fun game.Battle scars are the only thing for successful warriors to add some abilities like starting with extra life or a beneficial discipline in their next challenge. However, rarely they can also be harmful, like gaining ""Stupidity"" and all of them goes away if the warrior dies.I believe I will play this game again after a couple of years, as it has become one of the classics of my collection."
76561198025008206,Not Recommended,317820,18239129,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tyr_Arcana,"I want to like this game, I really, really do. But the truth is it's just too difficult, and there's so little fun and variety (and zero progress) in losing, over, and over, and over again.The positives:* Really nice art style.* Good simple mechanics.* Lots of humour (and singing).* It looks like there's a lot of stuff to unlock and discover (if you can ever beat the first few dungeons).The bad:* Fights are often won or lost entirely due to luck.* No advancement. Each time your chosen hero (and you can only take one hero into each dungeon, no parties of adventurers in this guild) into a dungeon, he (or she) resets back to being level 1 with no equipment.* Because of this it's really, REALLY hard to advance beyond the most basic of enemies, loot and equipment.* Losing isn't fun. Getting killed is part of gaming. Getting killed a lot is part of hard games. But it should be enjoyable, there should be a feeling that if you had just done one thing differently, you would have survived and triumphed. You should be confident that next time you'll be better prepared, even if your character is still a noob, each death should help you the player level up. Unfortunately, almost every death in this game feels like it was a result of bad card draws, and there's nothing you can do about that except re-play the same dungeons over and over until you get lucky."
76561198012433015,Recommended,317820,17093687,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Gold*,"Finished all of it apart from missing few of the 2000 gold upgrades. Kind of wished for there to be more content, but it's still worth the money if you think paying 15 euro/dollars/etc. is not too much."
76561197968732805,Recommended,317820,18175261,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Searro,"Nice game to relax.Lots of heroes class and loot available that you unlock by upgrading your guild stores.I love the drawings and the music is really nice.Now be careful, in this game the goal is to complete dungeons by chosing one type of hero to go adventuring with. As you progress and kill higher level mobs, you will get more and more loot to chose from to equip your hero.(each equipment piece has attributes which can interact with other equipment pieces so you become even more powerful). But the progression of your hero only works for said dungeon so dont expect to build a godly hero that you can use during all the game.Watch some let's play is you have doubts first.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4J8Qgpq0-8&list=PLYzPmgBZ7N84SU8OPk_o6ELOXbeVikZIbAnd make your own opinion.Anyway, the lenght humor and fun of the game are well worth the price !"
76561198017599168,Not Recommended,317820,17065324,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SFF2000,"This is a CAUTIOUS recommendation. This is only a negative review, because of the price. The game is OKAY. There is a bit of charm and fun with the title, but as you progess the layers begin to peel back and there is not much to it. I would say to go out and purchase this title during a steam sale, but it is not worth the asking price of $14.99.[Edit 07/16/2015]I would also like to suggest three titles that I feel do a better job at what Guild of Dungeoneering attempts.Hand of FateBinding of Isaac RebirthDarkest Dungeon"
,Recommended,317820,17544953,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Black Wombat,"The game's fun, sure. And I enjoyed my time with it.But it's short, and easy, and has really poor replayability, and never really gives you a chance to explore the high-level stuff. But even so, a single playthrough is really entertaining and lasts 8-ish hours. Well worth it on sale."
,Recommended,317820,17329241,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dismaiden,"Really Good Game so far, not had a chance to play much of it yet, but it looks promising and is very fun."
,Recommended,317820,20205618,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,purplepenguinjen,"Guild of Dungeoneering may very well become my new favorite game.  It is exactly what a game should be... Easy to Learn, but has just the right amount of challenge that it will take some time and practice to master it.  On top of that, it has a soothing, catchy soundtrack and lots of dry humor.This is a card game, so I'm assuming you're looking at this game, because you enjoy card games.  It reminds me a little of carcasson, where you get to place your cards to create the playing board... in the same manner, you get five randomly drawn cards each dungeon round, and you choose three to place to create your dungeon.  Because you get to build it from randomly drawn cards, every dungeon is different and totally customizable by you the player.  It is rewarding on multiple levels.Even if you are defeated in the dungeon, you still get the rewards you collected along the way, and the dungeoneer gets a headstone in your graveyard.  I like this, because the only penalty for defeat is having to play the dungeon again until you complete the objective.The battles with monsters are also card based. You have three random cards to choose from for your turn-based battle. Once you play your card, a new one is randomly drawn to replace it.  The loot you pick up provides equipment that has special battle cards to add to your dungeoneer's battle card deck... so there's still a reason to find bigger and better loot, just like in a dungeon crawler.Just like traditional card games are simple rules that take time to master (such as Poker, Spades, Hearts, or the like), you will find this one easy to pick up and hard to put down as you try to better and better your ability to play the game like a master.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves card games, turn-based dungeon crawlers, or humorous casual games."
76561198026722750,Recommended,317820,27295695,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WrathfulCape,It's a fun little game filled with both the I hate this game and the Just one more run type of gameplay.
,Recommended,317820,33107109,Posted: 1 July,all,deadserious,"This game is fantastic. Its easy to learn, and fun to play. You build a dungeon as you go, via cards, and take your dungeoneers into it to fight monsters and get treasure. Its a very fresh take on a very old idea. There is also alot of character and care in this game. There is a bard who sings funny songs between screens that I really like. As I was playing the game, I found the music in game not to my taste, but didn't want to trun off the music for fear of missong the bards bits. The devs have that already sorted with 3 volumes, the two typical ones, and one for the bard! Thats attention to detail.If you like card driven games and with that D&D delving feeling, this is the game for you!"
76561197972462277,Recommended,317820,30629724,Posted: 19 March,all,chriskessel,"It's a thumbs up, but be aware there's just not much to the game. The combat and hand management is quite good. However, it's largely the same thing over and over. Damage and blocking escalates, but there's not much in the way of new mechanics as the game goes on.Further, there's almost no continuity. Each dungeon starts from scratch with a level 1 hero. There's no carrying equipment or leveling from one dungeon to the next. For full price, I'd be a bit disappointed, but on sale it gives it's money's worth in entertainment."
,Recommended,317820,20992223,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DangerBanana,"I'm instantly hooked...This game is a mix of dungeon crawler/dungeon master.  How?  well, you get a hand of cards per turn, some are monsters you place in the dungeon for your dungeoneer to fight, some are gold cards and then there's rooms.  You piece together a dungeon the dungeoneer is passing.  When you fight monsters, the game becomes a card-based combat game.Overall, the game is well-made.  Sadly, there is no 21:9 aspect ratio support, but that doesn't really matter.  This game is plenty of fun as a casual inbetweener.  Pick it up whenever it goes on sale. :)"
76561198075306853,Recommended,317820,32036847,Posted: 29 May,all,z3emv2,"A nice simple game with a neat boardgame-like deck building combat mechanism. The story is a little weak, but I'm satisfied with the oweall game experience ."
76561198023343433,Recommended,317820,27348702,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Erolat,Cute little game with a funny background. Can be a bit frustrating if you get the wrong card pulls. (Lost several heros because of this.)
,Recommended,317820,22633981,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,HappyHurtzlickn,Discreetly complex and casual enough to hop in and out whenever you want.  Great game
,Recommended,317820,21686419,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TOO ZOMBIE,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a turn-based dungeon crawler where instead of controlling your hero, you lay out the dungeon for him to explore. As you build his surroundings using the dungeon cards, he must simultaneously make hasty decisions in order to accomplish his quest.Will your hero rob the dungeons dry of their gold and loot? Or go on a blood thirsty rampage and kill everything in sight? The choice is, well, not entirely up to you.THE GOODI NEED A HERO-Your selection of heroes is about as classic as it gets. From the cat burglar to the methodical apprentice. As you level up and progress, you unlock tiers of the basic hero classes each with their own fighting style ready for you to exploit. The way you play your quest heavily relies on your play style so study each class carefully.DORK SOULS-Don't be fooled by it's cute and fun aesthetic, this game is as brutal and challenging as it is adorable. Each dungeon requires strategic planning and swift execution to accomplish each feat. From defeating bosses to looting large chests. You don't know what lies ahead in every corner. Fountains that drain you of your abilities, Zombies shambling to eat your brains, dead ends and timed attacks, every corner is littered with death and you only have yourself to blame. How could you put your hero through all this?FIGHT STICK NOT REQUIRED-Should you choose to fight your opponents, that alone is no easy task. Each enemy has their own set of abilities that enable(or disable) their potential power. They have strengths and weaknesses that you can exploit with a set of attack cards. You gain level and items that earn you new cards to add to your variety of arsenal. How you plan to use them is all up to you. This is turn-based card fighting at its finest. Oh, the game also fronts perma-death so don't get too attached to your heroes because you will die. A lot.STRANGER THAN FICTION-The narrating bard will sing your every move. Kill your hero and he will taunt you and make you feel guilty. Succeed and he'll cynically praise your efforts but keep an open-mind of your impending doom. It definitely keeps me entertained and I find myself arguing with a software made to ridicule me. Sometimes his foreshadowing is creepy and bodes well with the atmosphere of unknowing. Needless to say, the soundtrack and commentary plays a big part in the game._______________________________________________________________THE BADPLEASE SIR, MAY I HAVE SOME MORE?-I love this game and so far, I'm not tired of it. I'm scared of the day that I might though. Don't get me wrong, the game is not lacking or anything but I'd like a bit more variety and surprises because so far, it's literally the same missions over and over again. Now I'm not saying there is something wrong with that, there's nothing wrong with it, it's fun as hell! But there's gotta be something more to this right? We'll see.______________________________________________________________THE VERDICT-Guild of Dungeoneering is a unique experience. Emphasis on experience because it's more than a game. Any game that manages to keep me intrigued for 10 hours straight with minimal colors and modes has already achieved legendary status and I have ADD. It's fun, addicting and well worth the asking price. For any of you looking to challenge yourselves in the most non-threatening of ways(I didn't know it was possible to achieve this! Take that Dark Souls!) get this game and start crawling!9 out of 10 Rubber Duckies"
76561198085349542,Recommended,317820,29150207,Posted: 9 January,all,BlueHaven,One of the more unique card games I've ever played. Fun and addictive.
76561198025610900,Recommended,317820,26349300,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,akaButters,A fun rogue like game of random dungeon building & exploring via cards
76561197993622243,Recommended,317820,26331819,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zadown,"Reminds me a bit of Card Hunter which is one of my favorite games though that one is all about amassing huge piles of loot and here you lose everything after each run, successful or not. My only gripe is that the lower tier adventurer classes get totally obsolete by the end. You need to use the tier 3 classes in the tier 3 dungeons or you just die in first fight.Other than that I enjoyed every minute of it, even when I was getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Balance is great (difficult but everything is doable as long as you don't mind filling your graveyard) and at 12 hours to beat (for me) it was the perfect length. Music was surprisingly good but the bard got old after a while. Since he can muted separately in the options that wasn't a big deal.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,317820,17125305,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,srcleaves,"This is a very fun card drafting game where you not only fight your way through dungeons you also build them from turn to turn. There is a good deal of luck and you can end up dying due to bad card draws, but that keeps in line with the theme of the game. Your Dungeoneers are mostly rubbish, particularly at first level. As you complete quests and clear dungeons you are able to unlock better classes and new loot options. Every time you go exploring your character starts over with no gear and just the base stats for the class. This means regardless of what you collected in your last run you have none of it. Part of the strategy of the game is gaining decent gear before you have to take on the end condition, which are often boss fights of a sort. I agree with TotalBiscuit that the game takes substantially longer to play than it needs to because of the animations but I don't really mind it that much. I spent the better part of yesterday playing the game and definitely see myself continuing. I love card drafting/deck building anyway and I like the challenge of starting out fresh each exploration. For some the price might be a bit steep for what could feel like a very repetative game."
76561198118400107,Recommended,317820,18755357,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,HeidiNordtron,"A cute rogue like card game all about killing monsters and collecting loot to expand your guild. Easy to pick up and play for short periods of time. Gameplay can be a little repetitive, but overall a fun experience."
,Recommended,317820,21171212,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Chris O Semrik,original take on classic dungeon games. Great for lazy evenings.
76561198009952222,Recommended,317820,33108347,Posted: 1 July,all,tarl_snowdon,"Nice and easy paced game, great for killing a few hours if you have nothing to do."
76561198142894983,Recommended,317820,25693027,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Doctor_Moriarty,"I'm not sure whether it's the cheery music, the surreal level design, or just the chance to count cards your way out of an impossible situation, but I cannot recommend the game enough. Whenever I am really upset and think life has dealt me a bad hand, I just take a little chump out for a spin and come back with glory.There was a major debate that tore the forum apart over some of the new features and whether they make the game impossible, and it may be the preordained fatalism, but I have always adored the battle scars and their abilities to mix things up. I can see they get annoying fast when trying to play the game without losing a man, but in casual play, I urge people to embrace the quirks and take on the impossible. Sure you might die, but that's dungeoneering for you."
,Not Recommended,317820,18258577,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ryuko,"First and foremost, I will say that I've only played six hours at the time of this review however due to the nature of this game nothing will change as time moves on.Guild of Dungeoneering is a card game dungeon crawler in which your goal is to complete the necesary objectives within a certain dungeon. This is a neat concept and worthy of praise within that on its own, however it falls short after that.The game is terribly plagued by 'RNG' to levels of which you can have a losing streak of 100+ and there is absolutely nothing you can do. You can make the best possible choices in the game and yet the enemies will consistently draw every card they need while you fail to draw every single one you would need just to help you survive. Ontop of this you need to physically build your dungeon tiles with RNG drawn cards which can further screw you over and make it phyiscally impossible to complete the dungeons, Something the devs have commented they don't care about ever trying to fix.The game is frustrating & a hindrance. I may have a short patience for such things but I feel as if the level of 'Skill and learning' ends so soon that you hit a point that your hoping and praying to win when in the end you simply get dealt the short end of the stick 9/10 times in which to some extent from what I've seen of the map is the only way to lenghten a very short game.On the positive note however, Losing has no real impact. All levels & gear is reset on a mission per mission basis, Should a character die, they are just instantly replaced by another one who does the exact same thing, you can even rename them if it is what you so desire. You accumulate a tiny bit of gold even when losing as well.So there is no real risk involved other than extreme frustration.Guild of Dungeoneering may be neat as something to play on a tablet per say between classes in college or on a lunch break on the job, but as a solid sit down and play game, This is far from it. I do not reccomend this to anyone and I would advise it be avoided, If you don't mind RNG to ludicrous extents however then by all means go for it, just be prepared for a long frustrating game."
,Not Recommended,317820,19985303,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hilkules,"Pro and Con review (with no spoilers)Pro'sTurned basedRandom cards (obtained by progress completed)Great sound and effectsUsing random cards to create dungeon (implementing random dungeons/scenarios)VERY catchy songs, quite fun.Pro/Con:Graphics are simple (Great for download and weak computers, but still worth the download.)Great game to take up some spare time.If you like playing chess as i do, it would be amazing if there was a multiplayer.Con'sVERY Linear gameplayNon-customizable charactersNo depth (after about 30min of gameplay the rest is the same)Single player (would be a great Chess replacment)One of those games where you play and you feel it could have been amazing but the game creaters let it off early."
,Recommended,317820,17067111,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,"Annie, Commandant of the Mesa","Pros:Has good humour and is a very charming game.Simple design makes it relatively easy to understand even without any real instruction after a couple goes at a dungeon the Skill system gving you access to cards is clear enough.Music and voice acting is very well done and enjoyable.Cons:It feels very 'gamey' and unnatural after awhile when it becomes apparent the best way to play is to simply grind to 'reset' your character to what you previously had a few time based challenges aside. Which will generally take quite some time given that there is no hard cap on your time limit and you can just indefinately sit in most dungeons walking back and forth between two tiles.A lot of the game is very counter intuitive.Examples of this are that it is often wrong to unlock certain item pools, which will do nothing but increase the time you need to spend grinding to reacquire your deck. It's also sometimes, a lot of the time, wrong to take and a equip of a piece of gear with a relatively poor skillset as the cards it will do nothing but dillute your deck.-The graveyard being shuffled back in as your deck, lack of a resource system and lack of a maximum hand size seeminly make the best strategy to get Aracane IV with the smallest deck size possible so that you can cast Celebrate until you draw your entire deck then heal for 3* (4 as Alchemist) every single turn since the monsters average far less than 3 damage a turn over the course of a game. (If they did it would actually just be impossible given you can't remove chaff like do 1 unblockable damage from your deck).-There isn't a real feeling permanence with any of your soldiers as they get their stats/equipment reset after every mission.That said for what the game seems to aim to do it is a good diversion. If I get another couple hours out of it I will be happy with the price point and the concept is really fun. My biggest complaint is that there isn't more depth/levels/items/monsters/cards so clearly the game has struck on something that is very enjoyable. ++"
,Recommended,317820,17058591,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Stredsta,A very fun game that puts you in a love-hate relationship with cards.
76561197970527726,Recommended,317820,17532676,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Hamburgerhelper,"Very fun once you get hang of wandering to power up...  Some quests seem impossible.  Be sure to press on for gold to unlock your characters and deck...the more power in the deck, the better."
76561197994641567,Recommended,317820,17566337,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Zen Tractor,"I rather liked Guild of Dungeoneering.  It's got a great asthetic and it knows how to get the most out of it.  The 'drawn' art style goes wonderfully with the bard voice over, and the playful style and theme of the classes and cards.The combat is very simple to learn, but has enough depth to it to keep you interested and strategising.  The animations for the card-based combat ensure that you know where everything is coming from and what is causing what effect.  I was surprised when I watched some video reviews of the game on its release where the combat didn't have any animations, but thankfully that is no longer the case, since they add so much to the clarity of the game.The out-of-combat gameplay is also surprisingly deep and strategic, with smart enemy placement giving you buffs: for example a bandit who has the ""loner"" special gets -1 hp if you place him in a dead end.  However, as you reach the final levels in the game you really have to know your way around the game, using every special to best effect.I have some minor concerns about late game balance and a few classes under/over performing, as well as the progression of gold, but these are pretty minor as far as the whole game goes.Overall, a great game that's a welcome change of pace.  Just enough tactical depth to get those gears turning in your mind, without requiring a huge ton of memorization or learning before you can get into it."
76561198020886844,Recommended,317820,17591767,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Theta,"Guild of Dungeoneering looks like a fun deck building dungeon crawling turn based strategy game. That's exactly what it is. First of all, don't get me wrong; it's fun, but there's not much depth to it beyond realizing that it's a deck building game and choosing your aquisitions accordingly.If you like the gameplay you've seen of this game, you'll like playing it. That said, there are many pros and cons.Pros:1: Turn based gameplay - play on your time!2: Effect stacking and interaction is fun and rewarding.3: Class diversity is nice - different heroes have unique decks and effects to reward playing through multiple times and in different ways.4: Gameplay is unique and engaging.5: It's pretty replayable if you don't mind replaying mostly the same content.Cons:1: The constant reliance on RNG for most of the game can be a blessing and a curse, having to restart over and over because you keep pulling bad cards is no fun but that perfect find feels so good.2: You can't save progress in the middle of a dungeon.3: Early in the game you have to save up for the next tier purchases for a long time and some people end up getting stuck because they end up getting countered by certain enemies and dying over and over.4: Once you unlock the next tier hero, the one you were using ends up never getting used due to difficulty scaling, which sucks if you like a tier 1 or 2 hero.5: In my experience, some of the heroes are just weaker than other heroes of the same tier (especially at certain parts of the game.)After playing through multiple times, I still feel like this game is incomplete. Everything is so temporary it feels like a beta or a game made under a time limit for a competition. There's no individual hero character stats or experience or consequence for their death. The story is pretty sparse, as well. Also, once you beat the game you can't even fight anything anymore. Dungeons close off when you beat them.Even after all that, I still think it's worth it. This game has entertained me longer than I thought it would, and I can see myself returning to it in the future to play through again. At $15 this game is a little costly for what it delivers (nowadays) in my opinion, but it's a fun, novel experience. I'd give Guild of Dungeoneering a D- for amount of content, C for content diversity, and B+ for overall gameplay and personal enjoyment."
,Recommended,317820,17611389,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Hitosura,"Pros:Fun, addicting card battling/dungeon building with a hint of puzzler.Variety of classes, equipment, locations, and enemiesGood musicAI dungeon hunters can be manipulated to move in directions by luring them with what they wantCons:Simple fights can be lost to RNGesusDifficulty ramps up substantially later onLacking balance between Tier 3 classes VS final dungeonsThe game can get very bipolar on you.  You'll have fun, then suddenly die 10 times in a row due to a bad hand, and the enemy getting great draws (especially with their tiny decks).  Still fun, though."
76561197970911993,Recommended,317820,26528460,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fast Johnny,"I bought this game on sale and feel like I cheated the developers. The game is worth much, much more than I paid, it is worth full price...easily.I am not a big card draw game fan, but this one does it in a way that makes it fun and exciting. The artwork is great, the animations are fun and the mechanics are always interesting. It kind of reminds me of the games I used to make up as a kid, before I could afford the D&D books, however this one is the real deal. While it is an adult game, it is also a game that kids can play too.It's not expensive, it is fun and interesting to play and pleasant to the eyes as well. I give it a big thumbs up.Also note, that quite a bit of my gameplay has been in 'offline' mode, so my logged hours are not accurate."
,Recommended,317820,26704782,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Exterminans27,"A really really fun game if you just wanna kill some time for a little while.I really enjoy the card game style of the game.It's silly, it's entertaining and it's just a lot of fun.Highly recommended!"
76561198176221787,Recommended,317820,20916000,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,tcab2003,This if a fun filled game its some time mind numming went you keep have your guy chase the plant and dies for the boss but Its fun little repeated but it fells like a true rouge like/D&D/RPG/turn base/card base game that fun to enjoy and fun to test whose better with your friends it takes time to get use to but for the most part its fun
76561198023859189,Recommended,317820,22771222,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"I'm torn about this game for casual gamers.I recommend this game if you're into strategy card games with very limited deck sizes. Check out a YouTube video before buying.Things I liked:The turn based ""build your own board"" game play.It has basic strategy that I would probably use to teach my kids.Things I didn't like:I managed to get stuck because I didn't have any tier 3 or tier 4 decks, so your choices of how you expand your guild DO MATTER and you don't realize it until you're stuck.Not many ways to skin the cat. (Only a couple strategies to victory)"
,Recommended,317820,32962309,Posted: 28 June,all,trapezoid,"Fun game.  Neat premise: you want your dungeoneers to succeed, but you can't directly control them.  Instead, you have to build the dungeon around them in order to trick them into doing your bidding without getting themselves killed.  Card-based combat system, which I enjoy."
76561198007263275,Recommended,317820,19984621,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kalh,"Very good game , it's fun , unfair sometimes (i like games with RNG) but always fun."
,Recommended,317820,26330418,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Scott(y),"Dungeoneers deserve to die for my greater glory. Do their stats and equipment reset every time? Sure, they do, because these dungeoneers can't be trusted with quality goods and, frankly, they're just losers with no real skills anyway...they go into dungeons willingly, that's how smart they are! It's perfect."
,Recommended,317820,26378583,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,goonMerchant,A fun little strategy card game where you dungeon crawl with your minions. It has excellent art and a humorous light-hearted style. There's plenty of classes (each with their own playstyle) and items to unlock and I've found the base game to very enjoyable although regearing your heroes each time can become a little repetitive and being a card game sometimes you will fall foul of the randomness but overall its a solid well made game thats worth the money.
76561198030363460,Recommended,317820,30875984,Posted: 1 April,all,RedShirtKing,"I've played this game for way too many hours, and my feelings are complex enough that I'm sure I'll revisit this game with a much longer review in the future. The game's charm is visible from the initial screenshots. It looks and feels like the doodles an imaginative kid would draw in class while bored, and the story and art carry that sense of childlike wonder from start to finish. There's so much heart poured into this game, and I've played it multiple times (I got both expansions and reset accordingly each time) because I fell in love with the passion that poured through every sarcastic narrator quip, hero dialogue, and art design. It's easy to see why this game stands out among the crowd with its clever design choices.Unfortunately, the game's mechanics really don't hold up when you take a close look. The dungeon building mechanic that lies at the heart of the game is a frustrating gimmick that doesn't add to the experience. Each mission's goal is straightforward enough that there isn't a need to experiment with the level design, so the whole thing feels token. Without that selling point, you're left with a shallow roguelike that oozes charm and atmosphere without much depth to the combat system. While the expansions add some much needed depth, the base game is really lacking in content. There are 13 hero classes in the base game, but as you progress, your initial characters become outmatched rather quickly. There's no reason to get attached to individual heroes, since you can't hold onto the loot you collect on each mission. You technically get traits assigned after each successful dungeon run, but as far as I can tell, those traits are random, taking you out of the experience. There are also frustrating aspects to each dungeon: since you can't tell what enemies will be present in each one, you usually end up throwing a character in there hoping they'll match up well, only to find they don't block the right damage type in the early game and are therefore useless to you.It feels hypocritical to tell you that you shouldn't play a game I clearly played a ton of on multiple occasions. There's so much to love, and you can tell that the developers put their heart and soul into this game. The DLC is really well done, giving a ton of extra value to the game, to the extent that I'd recommend holding off on buying the base game until you can get one or both of the DLC packages, since they give so many more weapons, items, and levels, which the base game lacks to some extent. There's a lot to love about this game, but if you're going into it hoping for some deep mechanics, you're not going to find it. The card based combat is fun, but it stops surprising you pretty early on, and without the new mechanics the DLC provides, there isn't as much variety as I would have liked. This is a very conditional recommendation. If you love the charm and don't care as much about the depth and complexity of the game's mechanics, don't hesitate. It has that in spades. If you're looking for a fun and engaging strategy game, I'd look elsewhere first, since the flaws here really detracted from my overall experience as I look back on it. I certainly got my money's worth, but the mileage on this one will definitely vary."
,Recommended,317820,26332016,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Daouzin,"This was the perfect ""weekend game."" I completely lost myself in it. If you're into PvE card games like the old Pokemon TCG on GBA or something like Card City Nights, you should dig this.It's mostly a Rogue-like with light randomized elements that play into the card game aspect of it. Near the end, the card strategies started to be more relevant, but the game just quickly ended before it fully utilized this. I also found myself using 5 or 6 different classes through out. Some are obviously better than others, but I felt required to use a good variety of them that it was never dull.Shorter than I expected. I even played through one of the DLC packs without realizing it.For $15 you'll likely end up with 9-12 hours of game time.Great, super addicting game. Definitely worth it for $15, but anything under $10 is a good deal as well. I picked up it up for $5 and it felt like a steal."
,Recommended,317820,26340489,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Trexxy,A farily simple game both in mechanics and graphics but strangely addictive non the less! Good if you want to kill a couple of minutes here and there but can become repetitive quite fast.
,Recommended,317820,18718926,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,nvspirit,"I have had this game since Day 1 of its release. The best part about it is that the developers made a complete game and then kept improving upon it to make it even better. They even keep everyone informed with what they are working on for upcoming patches. I plan on getting all DLC that will be released for this game. This is one of my all time favorite games and will buy anything new the developers make, including a sequel if we one day reach that point."
76561198052455213,Recommended,317820,21368028,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wnuku,"A top-down card based doungeon-dwelling rouglike. The very distinct, and deliberate art style reminds of school time notepad doodles. Simple, yet fulfilling gameplay resonates with this stylization. And so does the humor, punctuating your exploits both in writing and in song, the latter by Steve Gregan, who I hope we will hear more about from now on.All in all 10 to 15 hours of unadulterated RPG fun. Enjoy."
76561198027954343,Recommended,317820,26593931,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ChefOrc,"tl;drGuild of Dungeoneering is unique, charming and pleasant. But it's also weird and it tries its best to prevent you from getting attached to it on the long term. Buy it on sale, just to enjoy the first few hours of discovery.Let's start with the good.This game is really charming and unique. Its paper and pencil art direction brings you back to the good old days of mapping dungeons on graph paper in D&D, and that's awesome. This is nicely supported by a funny, light and pleasant atmosphere, both at the visual, narrative and musical levels.Gameplay-wise, Guild of Dungeoneering is definitely an experience you have never had before. It kinda plays like a guild manager, but it mostly plays like a dungeon crawler, and it also plays sorta like a dungeon builder. All of that at the same time. So if you like discovering new game concepts, this game will certainly not disappoint. It's greatest gameplay strength lies in a card-based battle system that's simple, fun, and well supported by juicy feedback.So just on these strengths, the game deserves to be at least tried.Now, on the parts I didn't enjoy.Ok, let's say it outright: this game is weird and unorthodox. But not in a good way.First, the core concept of the game is extremely unclear. Who or what am I playing as? What is my goal? What motivates me to go forward? These are questions I have not found answers to, and it made me stop playing after 5 hopeful hours.Upfront, the game tells you that it's the guild that matters most. It's the title of the game after all, and you're given control of this adventurer-recruiting structure right from the start. However, in reality, nothing supports this. There is no narrative goal related with the guild, and there is no gameplay related to how you choose to expand, nor any intrinsic reward in making the guild bigger or personalized. You quickly realize the guild is simply a fancy upgrade UI. Disappointing.So what are you then? Well, you also play as a roster of disposable adventurers. Unfortunately here too, the game offers no explicit goal. There are dungeons for you to attack, and there are hidden regions on the map, presumably containing more dungeons. But that's all you'll ever get in terms of long term goals. After a while, you're not quite sure anymore why you should keep slogging through these similar-looking dungeons.Just to add to the confusion, when you attack a dungeon, you must build parts of that dungeon as you move forward. You are given some random dungeon elements to place, and it's up to you to min/max your way to victory. Why is this feature there? The game never gives you any narrative justification, and it contributes to blurring even further your identity as a player. Furthering this unclear feeling, you don't directly control your character's movement in dungeons. So you play your characters, but not completely, and you create the very dungeons you're attacking, but not completely. All of that without anything telling you what's the end goal and why you should care. The game is really intent on not letting you feel attached to anything.All of this to say that while the game system is quite fascinating to explore at first, it severely lacks any hook for immersion or motivation. I quickly realized there was nothing to keep me playing. As a whole, Guild of Dungeoneering feels more like a nifty toy to play with for a few hours, than like a formal game to invest into. And that's too bad."
76561197994969150,Recommended,317820,26681913,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Varyk,"I bought it on sale. I actually haven't read any of the storyline, I bought it because I like card games. I enjoy the game. Doubt I'd pay full price for it, and I'm glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,317820,21295042,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Twisted,This game is one of the most unique and interesting games I have ever played.  I've lost HOURS of work time to the 'just one more dungeon run' bug - which I understand completely unfixable - .. I've also raged at losing my favorite dungeoneer to some lowly creep in early dungeon levels... only to start a new one and fall in love all over again.This game is AWESOME!Highly recommendGotta get back to work.. but first.. just one more dungeon run..
,Recommended,317820,29069499,Posted: 6 January,all,Ayresome,"This is an excellent little game on the quiet, very suitable for playing in short 30 minute bursts.The graphics and excellent and quirky, and the mechanics suit the game well. You rarely feel cheated or frustrated if you lose. Good sense of humour with various nods to other RPGs.Characters die frequently, and it's important to remember that it's the guild that's the star rather than any of the cannon fodder that belong to it. Doesn't make it any easier saying goodbye to your favourite character, even though he's going to be replaced like-for-like with a virtually identical one straightaway."
76561198027773654,Recommended,317820,29008439,Posted: 4 January,all,Khardor,"Guild of Dungeoneering is truly a new approach to a game of dungeon crawling! While in the usual dungeon crawler one gets to steer and play the character himself, this time - once your dungeoneer is deployed on an adventure - dungeon rooms, loot and monsters have to be placed into the dungeon in order to lure your dungeoneer into the right direction. All is based on the hand of dungeon cards you're dealt each turn.Also the fight system is based on a deckbuilding card game. Collected items and weapons each have seperate traits that give you certain cards to your deck improving your fights. But be careful! Too many cards in your deck and you only rarely get a chance to come up with the one powerful card that wins you every single fight.It's all about strength and weaknesses of monsters and different dungeoneer classes, physical damage versus magical damage, and staying ahead of the opponent by losing less life than he does.While the story evolves slowly around the guild, the guild itself improves as more classes of dungeoneers, items and dungeons appear in the game, unlockable by spending the loot from the successful explored dungeons. But since a complete dungeon consists of one to three runs into it, each one providing a different task roughly taking up about 20 to 30 minutes to get your dungeoneer up to level 4 to fight the boss, I can highly recommend this game even to the casual players out there.I find it relaxing, leaning back in my chair and clicking with the mouse all the while listening to the game's interactive soundtrack. Like a bard it ironically comments on the events that just happened in the last dungeon.Honestly, I liked this game even before I even played it a single minute at the moment I heard the opening theme in the start menu for the first time! The soundtrack is phenomenal!Sometimes, the game seems to get unfair as unexpected surprises come up and a dungeon can't be cleared for several times. But don't worry, switch it off, try another day with a different dungeoneer and a different approach, collect different items and build up your fighting deck with another tactic. It works!Figuring out how to defeat a dungeon, that's what this game is all about, right?I by now played into several dungeons and so far didn't find any flaws that I could bring up as a con. :)"
,Recommended,317820,23055527,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wuss^Timmy,Cute little casual game. Good humor and fun.
,Recommended,317820,26932486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,𝓓𝓻𝓮𝔀𝓩,Like this game
,Recommended,317820,17405539,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Tec,"first, look at gameplay videos on youtube to see what kind of game it is. I have played a few hours and i am very slowly progressing.  It is easy to play and difficult to master. (ha! always wanted to say that)the graphics: handdrawn and funny. pencil drawn and consistent :) it's nice to see a different style.the gameplay. deceptively easy. however, making the right decisions to level up before going to the next is ... complicated. (some people will find it easy, as easy like checkers. I never win that game. my logic is the wrong way around :) hehe)it's fun to play, has some great / funny music and IMHO its worth the money. Just check youtube first to make sure its your kind of game."
,Recommended,317820,17132768,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,andrewsav,"This game is not for everyone, and those negative reviews that I'm reading - I see where people come from. Many complain about repetitiveness and luck of substance, and these are fair complaints: if the main activity you'll be doing (battle computer opponent with cards) is not something that you'd enjoy it will become old pretty soon. I can draw paralles with Massilve Chalise game here. When I played that game for a few hours, I told my friend: ""well you just have a turn based battles on a grid with your miniatures and that's all you do in the game (plus some ""genetics"" slapped on). Where is fun?"" And he said, the grid battles IS fun. That's why you buy the game - because you love them.I did not enjoy Massive Chalice much, but I do enjoy the Guild fo Dungeoneering. Aparently it scratchesmyitch the same as Massive Chalice scratches one of turn-based, grid-based combat lovers.If what you are seeing on the trailer screen is not something that you would enjoy doing for hours, don't buy it. But if you do, you cannot go wrong - the graphics is cute, the atmosphere is charming, aestetics is impeccable. Thumbs up!"
76561198026592702,Recommended,317820,32867629,Posted: 27 June,all,Reduxist,"As fun as it may be to watch those little buggers you recruited scurry off to their deaths, the randomness of it all, paired with how incredibly stupid their AIs might be on any given turn, can turn a lot of would be players off."
,Recommended,317820,24235375,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Grognakh,"Great roguelite/dungeon crawler/card game mash-up despite RNG being frustrating sometimes.Don't be sad or upset that your dungeoneers dies, new ones will replace them very quickly.And it makes for a beautiful graveyard."
,Recommended,317820,29353851,Posted: 19 January,all,Nurkka,Fantastic card/board game like RPG.This game was my best bought during last Steam Sale.
76561198017699322,Not Recommended,317820,30536702,Posted: 15 March,all,Insufferable Smartypants,"If this had more RPG elements I might recommend it, but once I realized that my adventurers start over at level 1 every mission it just stopped being fun."
,Recommended,317820,17134196,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,L-r | CaptZoey,This game has all of the elements of a great board game -- minus the messy clean-up.
,Not Recommended,317820,19575143,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Oregono,"## Updated after BEATEN - Took 16 Hours ##Hard to whole-heartedly recommend, but not terribleGuild of Dungeneering is a very stylized dungeon-crawling card game in the vein of something like Order of the Stick or Munckin Quest, but is missing some really key elements to make it great.Game loop:- Choose a hero / Special Ability card- Choose a quest- Through card-exchange guided combat, you fight enemies and level up.- Collect money from quests,- Buy new classes, abilities, special cards.Pros:- It looks great- Since your heroes start at level 1 each quest, you are just as able to beat any quest as any other.- It is fun collecting loot in each quest to get more powerful and complete objectives.- Funny sense of humor.- No Permanent ""lose"" condition. You can fail a mission but are not really penalized for it.Cons:- You dont really have a lot of control over what is going on. Specifically:--- You dont control what path your hero takes. They just take the quickest route.--- There is no deck building, other than equipment cards you get on each mission (which are reset after missions)- The game lacks a lot of depth. For example:--- You place rooms down in the dungeon to decide your path. However, rooms themelves have no other function. Unlike games like Munchkin, there is no reason to place one room versus another other than getting to a specific place. It would have been far better to have 1) A ""Special"" room deck that got mixed in with other normal rooms with rooms that had perks or penalty trade-offs and 2) Have rooms/halls that maybe hurt you on the first turn on the next fight or gave you extra hitpoints, etc. Just any reason to make them special.--- The actual guild screen is customizable based on classes you unlock but serves no actual purpose in the game.- No persistance with characters at all. They level up in missions but then reset after the mission is over. The persistence is all in the guild, which isnt nearly as exciting as most of it is just unlocked classes.  I would much rather have character persistance and increasingly hard dungeons.-  While you can control what class you have (Class cards) and extra cards (Equipment cards), it would be nice to have SOME sort of deck building to feel like you are controlling the result a bit more. It just feels too random.  It also get harder as the game goes along (Enemies have like 3+ hits on you almost imnmediatley) and all you can do is choose a class.- Success feels like hitting a wall enough times (failing) until you finally win.Overall, a fun game that could have been a lot better. Not bad or great, but i can see someone really not liking it."
,Not Recommended,317820,29381994,Posted: 20 January,all,Ritsuka,"As someone who is a fan of RPG dungeoncrawlers. I was really excited to try out dungeoneering.It's artwork is fun and inviting, and the game progresses in a way that it doesn't feel like it becomes ""stale"" like some 2d artwork becomes. when you are staring at it for a while.My main problem with the game though, is that there just simply isn't enough to do. I tried to like it, and played for a while hoping there was more to it, but it is just too simple for my taste. It is the type of RPG where you feel items are handed to you on a very themepark style schedule, not really earned or at chance. While there is a chance to the game, the variable of items and rewards is so tiny within each tier it feels as though there is no point to having variety between weapons at all.This would  be entertaining for someone who wants a simple dungeon crawler, or those under 16, but for a hardened rpg vet, it is incredibly boring and easy,"
76561197998490461,Not Recommended,317820,17059778,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"It's OK, but I wouldn't buy it at full price.+ The humour+ Very large array of characters, with various abilities+ Plenty of loot+ Plenty of monsters+ The battle card mini-game is pretty fun+ The SINGING!- Not nearly enough depth- Not enough randomisation; the runs feel very homogeneous, very quickly- The rate at which you pick up gold tends to be quite slow, meaning there's a lot of grinding- All in all, just not satisfying to playThere are definitely some good ideas rattling around in there, and the presentation is simply excellent, but it's hollow at its core, and fails to deliver the satisfying gameplay that roguelikes are known for. I think $10 would be a fair price, but $15 is asking too much."
76561197999882804,Not Recommended,317820,17054731,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Blood4Fame,"LET ME START OUT WITH THIS: THE GAME IS NOT HORRIBLE - I JUST DIDN'T LIKE IT ENOUGH TO SAY ITS WORTH 15$ - IF YOU'RE CONSIDERING IT BECAUSE ITS ON SALE - IT MAY VERY WELL BE WORTH IT.This game has A LOT of good ideas - but my personal opinion has me biased against it. For those of you that like games like Munchkin or even Dungeons and Dragons, you COULD enjoy this game alot. But if you like those games for the team-based gameplay, then you won't get that here. Imagine you're playing DnD IRL with a group of friends. You've each picked your class and whatnot. Now the DM tells each of you you have your own missions; go into seperate rooms and play by yourself against this deck of enemies. Thats pretty much how this game is.PLAYER/DUNGEONEER GAMEPLAYYou play as the DM, but you're only providing a game for one character at a time. You get plenty of characters with different classes/abilities to match - but only one of them matters. And most ppl will find the one they like and just use that one for everything. Which is fine; except some dungeons have enemies that favor magic or physical - which may counter your favorite character...Good thing all your characters start EVERY game at the same level. This is an interesting idea - assuming you dont care about team growth and like the randomness of refarming in each dungeon to gear up your little dungeoneer for each quest/boss. This is sadly what makes the game EXTREMELY repetative very early on - because you don't get that magic of watching a character/class/team member grow and evolve as you delve deeper. You just buy MORE and more classes - adding to your roster - but thats not really a big deal because A) You can only use one of them at a time  - and B) If they die, you immediantly get a replacement. Which means almost nothing since theyre gonna come in at the base level that ALL of your guys are at all the time anyway...DUNGEON GAMEPLAYThe deck/card aspect is pretty good. You're characters ATK options are determined by a deck composed from their class and gear earned in that dungeon (specifically; it resets when quest is done) - and the dungeon around you is also built by some predetermined deck for that dungeon in particular. The Dungeoneer tends to do their own thing based on the goal of the mission - but its pretty easy to  bend them to your will by using the dungeon builder cards - so its not really an issue once ou get the hang of it.CONCLUSIONThe game is super simple - has a decent randomness affector - and cute little dialogues from the narrator and such. But it doesn't provide much challenge and it makes you play DnD by yourself and FEEL like you're playing DnD by yourself.Not alot of people want to play a board game by themself - which is what this is EXACTLY. As a BOARD GAME it would be fine cuz you play it once in a while, build a dungeon real quick - challenge yourself and whatnot- then you win and thats it. For a video game it has the capability to do so many more interesting things; but it just doesn't. You'll have to spend hours farming lowbie dungeons and such to get the those long/interesting dungeons; but if this was a board game you could just learn to play then go straight to a good hour long adventure or so without playing what feels like 50 tutorial games to finally feel accomplished when you beat the real game.Story is super generic and minimal - team play is non-existant outside of you buying the next upgrade for your guild - but a least its cute 8 year old drawings will make you smile. :)(8yr old in its simplicity; not that its bad art - it fits the theme rather well)"
,Not Recommended,317820,17052790,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Al Spenerico,"I had high hopes since I saw the game revealed months back, but I just really didn't enjoy it when I finally got to play it.I hate to throw the word boring at this but that's all I can really say. I do love it's presentation though."
76561198154498997,Recommended,317820,17882569,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Joaquim Câmara Ferreira,Jogo muito bom! Simples mas que te prende.
76561198181433027,Recommended,317820,17297038,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,lukaskonutgan,A nice little game to pass the time.
,Recommended,317820,17306794,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,A_Noob[DEI],Great Game! As of right now the in game tooltips aren't very descriptive so you will just have to reference the wiki or just wing it but it's very fun and challenging. The satire used in this game will keep you laughing and the music is fantastic! If you don't like how one of your explorer's look you can always just send them to fight a lv2 with no gear and level 1 to satisfy your killer DM desires. I'm 12 hours in and having a blast best $15 I've spent this month for sure. Looking up hero starting decks and traits to match with gear and blessing in a card battle fashion is a really good system. I wish there could be some sort of dice involvement with trap finding or some such I feel like it would bring it home.
,Recommended,317820,17308804,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Rahlyn,"Guild of Dungeoneering is easy to pick up and master.  It doesn't take long to get through all the content, but what's there is fun and all the classes are unique enough that everyone can find a playstyle they like.  My only complaint is that once you've compelted a mission you can't go back and do it again.  This means once you've compelted the game there's nothing to do anymore but wipe your save and start over again."
76561198069750943,Recommended,317820,17310241,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TheBaptist,Awesome... just plain awesome!
,Recommended,317820,17312369,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"10/10 extra draws! (would go as high to say 40/40, but that's just overkill)As unforgiving as the game can be, it isTRULYaddictive and fun. Build the dungeon around your adventurer (dungeoneer) and choose what bonuses, loot and enemies they may encounter. Be careful though, greedwilland can be an immediate downfall tofilling your graveyard. I plan to lose all my social activity outside my door, on this title alone. I foresee an inexcuseable addiction that will spawn a rehab clinic, either in-game, or in real life,  ""The Guild of Dungeoneering Rehabilitation.""Again, I give this game a whopping 10/10 extra draws, for being ultimately and EXACTLY what I paid for (x20)"
,Recommended,317820,17244025,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SilentScale,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a great game! At first you would assume would get extremely repetitive and boring, but once you dive into it you realize the depth behind the game. Fantastic and addictive."
76561197970539443,Recommended,317820,17245300,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Chivvy,Simple but enjoyable card battle game.  The music is great fun the first time through.
76561198112053639,Recommended,317820,17252767,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Spoderman,"first of all, this game is alot of fun, and i recommend people should buy this game. the art styal is cool, the gameplay is fun, there is alot to do, its a good game all around. no for the negtive part. i was in the middle of a boss fight in the third section, when my computer started updating without asking. i was a little upset, cause it was really hard to get to the boss, but i didnt care that much. but when i relanched the game, my save file was gone. i dont know why this happend, and i dont know if it was just something my computer, but it sucked. and thats my ony complaint about the game. (P.S the game gets really hard)"
76561198082008444,Recommended,317820,17253164,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,GamerGuy4556,"It's a good idea for a game and I enjoyed it until I got to the third and fourth dungeons where everything is based on luck. I didnt know the game was going to be entirely luck based at the time I purchased it. I've tried to beat the mimic queen part of a dungeon and no matter how many items I get in the 4 turns that she catches you, I stil get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked with her ridiculous unblockable moves. I was barely able to defeat Embro. This game is extremely difficult. I would recommend it to people who dont mind dying 15 times before completing a dungeon."
,Recommended,317820,17255205,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The Blind Guy,Fun and interesting time burner i enjoy spent may hours playing
76561198115688843,Recommended,317820,17274432,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Givingco,This is veryvery entertaining game. Soundtrack is great and is fun to play when you need a break or just some time to sit down. Would be a great to see this title on the tablet to make it even more acessible. Although the price is a bit steep for what it is it is very fun and worth playing.
76561197974111570,Recommended,317820,17275022,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,lefthighkick,"Pros:- The primary game mechanics (dungeon pathfinding and card battles) are fun and engaging.- The classes play differently enough to alter your strategy. It's fun to weigh your options w/equipment (even if it's easy and occasionally a no-brainer.)- Cheeky dialogue, cute/clever art style.- The developers are committed to supporting the game with improvements, fixes, and new content. They recently laid out a HUGE road map of exciting things to look forward to.Cons:- The balance between the classes seems a bit out of whack. They're all different but some are ""strictly better.""- While I can appreciate a game that doesn't want to hold your hand, it's pretty easy to misspend your Glory points early on and find yourself hitting a wall where suddenly it's too difficult to progress. I ended up starting over with a new save file to avoid needing to grind Glory. Pro tip: Unlocking a class in the next tier is always the most important thing to be saving Glory for (until you have a Tier 3 class of course.)- The bard, while charming at first, gets a little old. Would be nice to have an option to turn off the singing but keep the dungeon BGM on.Overall I had a lot of fun, especially given the $15 price. If you're interested enough in a game like this to be reading reviews, you should probably just buy it. I will probably reinstall it and play it again next year after all the updates are released!"
,Recommended,317820,17275471,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,imcalledtyler,"This game is a Roguelike before it is a RPG, before it's a Dungeon Crawler. The negative reviews I read (the three I did read)  don't seem to quite grasp this. The game could be improved by introducing/recording mechanics and cards somewhere but that's not really a deal breaker since you shouldn't really expect those things in a roguelike anyways. Dunno if it's fully worth the $15 I spent but I like the game.Also, your first buy after the introduction should be the bruiser, he/she when stacking gear that grants cards with shields is perfect for the first few dungeons."
76561198079298159,Recommended,317820,17343576,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ah I need a medic bag,world of warcraft guild raiding simulator 2015 with card based combat. All jokes aside the game is amazing
,Recommended,317820,17163269,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,wormman3103,i'd say anyone can get into this game it is a lot of fun and is a nice game to sit back relax and play. its gamepaly is unique with two fases dungon crawling for the movement and the fighting side using card based combat i think that it's a cool and light hearted game.
,Recommended,317820,17424744,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Alfred Troll,"GoD is really funny and well done!It has an absolutelycharming art style, abardthat introduces everything you recently bought/built via an imaginative song, a simple butintriguing deck-building systemand a funny-to play,easy-to-learn and more complex than it looks fighting system.Even therandom elementin the dungeon-building portion of the game that occasionally f**cks your plans up (and I speak as well about the random floor cards that you can't turn around as you need them as about the mechanic that makes your hero walk whereverhewants... and you can just lure him to whereyouwant) doesn't bother me - and ifIsay that, that means a lot!Conclusio: I totally love GoD, it's great, it's awesome, its flaws don't bother me at all, I play it every day for hours and can't get enough, I especially appreciate the last update that added combat animations (sorta), the fights look more fluently now, even if they last a few seconds longer now."
76561198025190608,Recommended,317820,17453346,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SUNBREROS,"Can't recommend this game enough. It's a fun mix of a Betrayal at House on the Hill board game centered on dungeon exploration, X-Com-esque base building, and a simple TCG to handle combat. Has some mild tuning issues (the Cartomancer class seems completely broken, to the point I didn't feel the need to experiment elsewhere) but outside of that it's toally fantastic."
76561197993894575,Recommended,317820,18518560,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,bumbaclad,Enter a dungeon nekid with a base deck of cards to cycle through. Place chambers to accomplish an objective. Level up and find equipment to add additional cards to your cycle then expand your guild to obtain new classes to use. Rinse and repeat until you get sick of it.I really enjoyed the unique combat system. The bard songs are a nice touch adding much to the atmosphere of the game and will make you smile. The DLCs don’t ruin game balance but rather add more levels to play and new classes to use; overall a great game.
76561198045463716,Recommended,317820,18891122,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,gentlyreadlit,"The game is painfully simple yet has enough of a twist to be addicting; the sweet spot for gaming. I’m finding it plenty enjoyable, challenging, and fun.I wrote a bit more here:https://misanthropester.wordpress.com/2015/11/05/a-game-review-of-sorts-guild-of-dungeoneering/"
76561198084580394,Recommended,317820,18935990,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DovahHeart,Being teh dungun mestur iz fun xD
,Recommended,317820,27549313,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheDebby,I love the style of the game.It's a lot of fun to play or do as I do and let a friend play to see how well they would understand.The game is verry simple witch is working if you ask me.When you like cardgames (for instand heartstone) this just might be the game for you!Howerver it is a lot of the same so you might get bored.
76561198077806100,Recommended,317820,30764550,Posted: 26 March,all,Astrid_Star,"I really enjoyed this. The art and music are fantastic, the classes are creative, and the game has a great sense of humor. The fact that you build the dungeons yourself adds an extra element of fun. The late game is a nice challenge, and beating the game feels rewarding. Both DLC's add equally fun content. Would definately recommend."
76561198006649376,Recommended,317820,33411193,Posted: 9 July,all,Oakblade,"Good, fun game.Do you like the Darkest Dungeon? Here's a game that will kick your teeth in and laugh at you.You know you want it.Also, the bard songs are amazing. Just wait until your third adventurer dies..."
76561198067102127,Recommended,317820,18216708,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sasheem,This is beyond cute :D
,Recommended,317820,18509156,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Xochipilli,"A nifty little game where you have to really think hard. It seems so simple sending yet another guy or girl into the dungeon. But it isn't as easy as you have to do all you can to level them up so they are ready for the big bad at the end. And yet keep them alive.It is a real puzzler trying to keep your little guy alive and yet strong enough. An interactive puzzle/card game that seriously deserves to be played. And once they die, you just go at it again with another character, because as the game tells you. Your guild sucks!"
,Recommended,317820,18898865,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,L3M4r1b0r0M4n,My graveyard is huge....
76561198141481130,Recommended,317820,19550755,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,troutkitty,"I started this game, hated it because I kept dying over and over again and returned it, but then I couldn't stop thinking about it. I repurchased it, sat down and got past the first dungeon and from there, it was love at second site. It brilliantly turns failure into just another data set of information needed to crack at it again. I think it perfectly balances that risk/reward where dying doesn't cost much. My partner liked it but didn't like the lack of levelling the characters, but I love the aspect of it. Every dungeon levels you, the more you get better with a character, the more the game hinders you but throws a bone every once and a while to make you want to push through the battle scars, and the narration and the music will keep you engaged.And the game play is simple to learn but hard to master. You snatch victory from the jaws of defeat about 2:1 having your victory snatched away by the jaws of defeat. It's an absolutely brilliant games, though, fair warning, it has mimes in it."
,Recommended,317820,19961095,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,aldegoth,After 15 minutes I was ready to get a refund but after giving it a second go suddenly sveral enjoyable hours had passed playing it.Gets really quite repetative but as a casual game I've played worse.  I'd give it 6/10
,Recommended,317820,20185979,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Decimit,"Fun game. Has a good board game feel to it. Can be a little difficult and grindy at times though, but I keep coming back."
76561197997210820,Recommended,317820,20249344,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kalakeitto,"Liked the soundtrack of the game. The game it self is very lite card game. Don't expect heavy strategy and tactics, but it is good at lite gaming. Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,317820,20277350,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chiatroll,"It's a fun easy to pick up and put down game with a lot of unique and interesting design choices.The dungeons are mostly put down by cards you draw every turn and for combat you build decks for specific card choices like the blades deck, the armor deck, or the fire deck by equipping items on a dungeoneer. There are many classes.It stays pretty random this way and has fun to play many times."
,Recommended,317820,20749579,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,saxel,I liked Guild of Dungeoneering for both its humorous dialog and clever gameplay.  Well done!
,Recommended,317820,21423278,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,9Tnine,"fun little card game, feels good when you draw what you need, also feels good to upgrade and level. little bit of a grind. but its original enough to be very enjoyable. worth buying."
,Recommended,317820,21554435,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Soviet,33 hours to beat and accomplish 86% of achievementsVery well designed and the bard is hilarious.Once the game gets to the third dungeon u have to really thinker ur strategery.There is a very deep strategy to every dungeon u send ur hapless heroes down.Seriously though insanely good for basically a board game..Updated:Having had time to read through others reviews complaining about a lack of strategy and too much random stuff. That's you not having the patience or the wherewithal to think it out. One guy even said you have to restart and follow a guide. not so. You never ever need to restart. You will learn.You will get better. Your dungeoneering heroes even get quirks and stuff that allow them to carry items and skills over.Anyone who says otherwise just couldn't put two and two together. Needless to say it's not easy.Think chess.
,Recommended,317820,26977890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xbigtk13x,"Imagine Darkest Dungeon, but with the penalizing negative feedback loops removed. A spectacular romp of deck building and dungeon crafting."
,Recommended,317820,27379382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Laughing Man,I followed this game for months before it came out and it met every expectation! It is a simple card and dungeon building rougue-like that is simple to learn yet impossible to master! There is a diverse set of character types and plenty of cards to find a play-style for anyone. If you are looking for a game that will just steal your time then look no further!
,Recommended,317820,27497407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tempyst,"So Original, So fun."
76561198035182410,Recommended,317820,18501951,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Metzelmax,"After completing the game, here is my verdict:5/10 - meh (I consider all games with a score greater or equal 5 to be good games and worth playing. I am not one of those who pretend like only a 10/10 is a good score).Presentation, visuals, sound - especially how everything is narrated in rhyme - artwork and animations are awesome.The combat (Card game style) is well done and easy to understand, yet with enough complexity to keep you going.The Hub world progression system is also quite neat.So where is the flaw in the thing?It's the RNG. Games like Binding of Isaac or FTL always have a lot of RNG, BUT this game is pure RNG. After your first few battles you will have enough knowledge about the game to always pick the optimal move... and yet even if you do everything perfect you will sometimes still lose. The most times I had to redo a dungeon was 16 times. And that was a dungeon that was timed and I often couldn't reach the objective because the game wouldn't spwan pieces that would fit the maze.Also it's quite unfortunate that you can't replay already done dungeons. I'd love to beat them with the late game champions that are way stronger than the early ones. But all you can do is start a new game and start from scratch. No New game+.But It is still worth playing in my opinion. The fact that I lived through the rng shows that much."
76561198071089403,Recommended,317820,19060380,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,science__1,"If you enjoy a good game of solitaire, as I do, please consider adding this charming little game to your collection. It sparkles with wit and whimsy. As solitaire-style card games go, this one has a very high replay value as you strive to optimize your performance. In my best run, I was able to complete all of the quests (including those of the Pirates Cove expansion) with but three hero deaths. This is quite an improvement over the thirty heroes taking dirt naps in my first game.There is a depth of strategy to this game on many levels. Yes, two or three quests leave you at the mercy of the card-gods. (If the path cards you need in those quests do not turn up within the first three turns, you are screwed and your hero is as good as dead.) Be that as it may, the vast majority of quests can be completed with the right hero, the right equipment, the right skill selection, and a goodly measure of cunning play. When these are in place, it makes for a *very* satisfying game.Now for a few hints on game play. Stop reading here if you prefer to discover things on your own.Use your first couple of games to explore the guild-expansion trees where in are found new heroes, new equipment, and new skills. Discover which hero on the third tier you like the best and which equipment is best suited for his or her style of play. Is he a brawler, a healer or a magic user? (My favorite is a magic-user, the Cartomancer.) Then, on your next game, play with the understanding that you do not need to (nor should you try to) buy everything in the game. Doing so will only clutter your hand and make it more difficult to find the equipment your hero needs to defeat the tougher monsters and complete the quests. Spend your treasure wisely and obtain your chosen tier-III hero as quickly as you can. Select those skills, lesser heroes and gear which best compliments this goal. Once you have your favorite hero and gear-set in hand, resist the temptation water down your deck with useless clutter. Buy heroes, if you wish, (the songs of introduction are fabulous) but let them watch from the comfort of your guild as your champion does the heavy lifting.Update: The newly added 'battle scars' feature changes this dynamic and make the game even more challenging. Your favorite hero will accumulate scars as they quest, making their continued use very hazardous to your body count. While not all scars are negative and while some scars can be ignored by one hero class or another, enough scars are harmful so that you will need to retire frail old heroes and bring fresh blood on line if you hope to keep your body count down. It is a challenge to judge which hero is healthy enough to risk on a given quest. You will need to manage your treasure even more carefully than before, as well as master several classes in the game. Trying to avoid equipment clutter becomes increasingly difficult because different classes of heroes thrive best with differing equipment sets; and there is no way to select which equipment sets are active once you buy them. Your body counts will climb. But don't despair. You are the Guild Master after all, and fresh adventurers are easy to find when your favorite grizzled old heros meet their inevitable end.In some quests you will be chased by a boss-monster which you must fight when he catches you. Before this happens, you must level up and find the gear you need to withstand his attack. Learn how to control where your hero moves, how he is lured by chests and gems and gold, by monsters, shrines, and by unexplored passages. Keep him moving away from the boss and fighting creatures his own size. Throw monsters directly in the boss's path to slow his pursuit and gain you extra time for gearing up. Be very careful how you place dungeon tiles on these chase quests, lest you confuse your hero and cause him or her to run to their doom.A few quests require you to reach a particular square before time runs out. Learn how best to place the tiles dealt you so to allow for placement of the widest range of future tile cards. Try to avoid getting in to the position of needing one particular card, such as a right-hand elbow, where in you truly are at the mercy of the card-gods. If you can avoid painting yourself into a corner, most of the time the random selection of cards which turn up will work out just fine in the time allowed.Some quests give you a set number of rounds before the boss attacks. Don't worry overly much about these quests. Gear up and you should be fine. However, sometimes a boss of this type will be weaker if you can reach him before he attacks. This can gain you a handy advantage.My final hint is this: If you find that the Guild of Dungeoneering is your type of game, consider buying the Pirates Cove expansion. It adds additional quests, creatures, heroes and cards to the base game. While the game itself does not change, the additional quests can earn you more gold and more leeway in leveling up your skill-trees before facing the final challenges in the game. Besides, having more qusts is just fun. Enjoy!-Sci_1"
76561198010372196,Recommended,317820,19407415,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dannon,"This game is really fun but it just really short. I think the main problem is that many of the quests require you to finish them in a certain amount of turns, which is usually very short so that inherently makes the game very short.It is a really cool idea there just needs to be more context, especially content that promotes longer gameplay."
76561198051478401,Recommended,317820,19514300,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Literally Cancer,"I'm going to tell you exactly what you're going to get out of this game: a cute little game that's great for wasting time. That's it. Don't expect there to be changes in game mechanic or character evolution. That's not what this title is all about. It's about doing a quest, getting money, and then expanding the guild so you can do more challenging quests. Rinse and repeat. And that's perfect. This is a great game to play when you have some down time. It's relaxing, cute, easy to play, and never gets old."
,Recommended,317820,19978301,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tapir Rider Zelph,Interesting game. Some fun strategy situations. Cartomancer is super fun class to play with.
76561198029010619,Recommended,317820,20055004,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Potato Pants,Loved the bard <3
,Recommended,317820,20315568,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Trobble,"The overall tactics during the quests is similar to Desktop Dungeons.Each run through of a quest starts with your character at level 1, with difficult end monsters to beat.You build the dungeon map, and use treasure markers to guide your hero to fight ever more increasing levels of monsters to gain enough new abilities and health points in order to beat the final objective of the quest.A good mix of card play strategy, but also plenty of randomness to frustrate you, like any other 'rogue-like' game."
76561198061512491,Recommended,317820,26300038,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,prosto.lyubo,"This game is ingenious! It has simple mechanics and fast learning curve. The best dungeon crawler I ever played. That is because of few reasons. First, you have some influence on how the dungeon looks. Second, it is not mindless dungeon crawler - each adventure has different goals and objectives. Third - opposite to usual roguelikes you need some thinking and tactics to beat a level. Random factor in this game have so polished influence on the gameplay that it actually makes it only more pleasant, interesting and varied without any drawbacks usually associated with randomness. The soundtrack is pleasant, catchy and funny. I would love a downloadable soundtrack for RPG sessions (any developers are reading this? Please!). Story seems to be simple and funny. Not overwhelmed by too many puns (which are also quite right and well thought). So play this game. For me it is the best game I played so far, just after the Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,317820,26320936,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Spookie NiggEE,You should be able to keep the gear you get until you die. Which then it should be lostGreat game though love the soundtrack
76561198061390687,Recommended,317820,26845792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MRDRK1,"A simple, stress-reducing game.  Cute animations, easy-to-follow card based game play system.  High replay value due to self challenges - ""Can I beat this stage with this dungeoneer?""  Funny in-game puns and jokes.  A great game to relax and laugh with."
76561197986313001,Recommended,317820,26876268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baloran,A beautifull little gem full of jokes and death!
,Recommended,317820,26900419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dave.Lister,"""Cute, Lovable and just a tad Quirky.This games design is anything but JerkyAccompanying vocals are true delight.Even if sometimes the Rhymes are ......!""Try it and you'll love it unique reminds me of munchkin."
76561198068236524,Recommended,317820,18862245,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gruff,"This is a simple game, though I enjoyed it. The story doesn't really develop much but the monsters do get a bit harder. If your looking for pretty graphics and complex game play then I'd suggest looking elsewhere. But for a few minutes fun here and there then this is a laugh."
76561198018292121,Recommended,317820,18989374,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DarkRIZEN,Believe in the heart of the cards. BELIEVE!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198026767248,Recommended,317820,19389248,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tex Wrex,I really like the game for the following reasons:1) The missions are quick2) I love the tone/humor of game3) True you don't hang onto your gear between dungeons but what is available after defeating a monster will stay when you open up add-ons to guild.4) For the price of an okay DLC you get a good time here.The only hiccup I see is sometimes as you are waiting for your dungeoneer to act a bit.  I don't know if it by design or it needs better code.
76561198142122379,Recommended,317820,20506809,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,temperedblade68,"I love this little game! It's simple, but well planned and balanced, has adorable art work, great humor, and good music. Actually involves more strategy than you might think. I've played for 30 + hours. I'm not even a fan of card games, but I have a lot of fun with this."
,Recommended,317820,26362476,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,pendantry,"Triffic game. Roguelike; you'll 'die' a lot but they're only minions, and each time you progress, even if only a little bit. Pick-up-able from the outset, no tutorial needed. Oodles of character, lots of replayability, tons of fun (and this is just the basic game with no DLCs!). Definitely recommended to while away those dull in-between-Guild-of-Dungeoneering playing hours... hmm, wait, what?"
,Recommended,317820,19019282,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Games Played Badly,"Guild Of Dungeoneering is a fun little Rogue-lite game in which you take on the role of Guild Master of the Guild of Dungeoneering, the underdogs of the adventuring world.The mechanics are simple enough, you choose which class of adventurer you will take in to the dungeon and which buff you want to have active. Once inside the dungeon you use a selection of cards to build the dungeon in order to complete a quest.Each class of adventurer uses a different deck of cards and equipping different items will either add buffs to the character or new cards to your deck. Defeating enemies gives you a selection of items to choose from to improve your character or you can sell an item to increase the amount of gold you have to improve your guild hall.Improving your guild hall unlocks new items, buffs and classes to be used in the dungeons.This is one of those games that is easy to learn but difficult to master 7/10."
,Recommended,317820,20225345,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Krähe,Fun game that never really gets old.
,Recommended,317820,20288083,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BAKA Ruiner,"This game is a little simple but pretty fun, rolls dungeon crawling and management together very well, and while it's not entirely about assembling the dungeon as much as I thought it was, it's been interesting and I find it a pretty fun little randomized turn based experience. Definitely worth the price :3"
76561198031486819,Recommended,317820,26264172,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Explorer,"I bought the core game (no DLC's) only to try it first...Now that I played it, I got EVERYTHING for this game!Absolutely great!I love card games, and ""Guild of Dungeoneering"" is more than that.Difficult at first, but everything is self explanatory,once you learn how to play it, it's quite addictive.Thumbs up! :)"
,Recommended,317820,26306789,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,fuldry,"I'm really enjoying that gem.Whimsical taunts from the heroes, Bard's talesque comments and spirits. Idiotic monsters, and bosses.Perfect.I just regret the fact that the heroes start all missions at level 1, I would have enjoyed some sort of levelling system to allw them to learn static skills and have more control on what they can do."
,Recommended,317820,26751370,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Britpunk,"Fun and challenging,  and occassionally funny. GoD never felt like a proper grind and is good for both a 10 minute blast and for a few-hours-at-a-time dedicated play. Some of the later unlocks felt a little overpowered but it felt like a good reward for earlier struggles. I really enjoyed the game and would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,317820,20306590,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Syrius,"Fun game, but quickly gets repetative.Pickup when on offer, or once a more compelling reason to progress is added.That said, if you liked Munchkin this is right up your alley.It just needs:- More special rules to add depth to your equipment, things like allowing flight from combat, invisibility lets you bypass a monster, stun attacks, a turn of direct control over movement, these kind of things.- An overarching story that is a little more involved, perhaps run into the competing adventuring guild? Being able to pick your course to a goal?- Non-linear development. I realise I can choose which types of items I get first, but they are all so bland it makes little difference. This ties into items, why should I take leatherworker over blacksmith?"
,Recommended,317820,20478426,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bartbarman,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a great game for things like procrastinating, the game is pretty fun but the gameplay is pretty straight up and not that interesting. The game isn't that hard to beat either. The soundtrack of this game however is amazing. It's humorous and catchy but not anoying even after hours of hearing it.Pros:-Easy to understand-Great soundtrackCons:-Pretty easy-Gameplay is not that greatRating 6,5/10"
,Recommended,317820,21041111,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Spite513,"A title written for the pessimistic DnD player who has a few hours on his hands to burn. You play the dullwitted Guildmaster of a startup Guild who was turned away from the Ivory League due to your inexperience and are tasked with building your guild of misbegotten heroes into a thriving adventuring group of badasses. It is expected that your first chumps will be lost to rats and ghosts as you progress, pathing the way of future heroes in the blood of said chumps.The play is built around a basic card game as you progress through a dungeon which is mostly based on chance, if you're feeling lucky this might be a good way to burn a few hours. The writting in fantastic and funny with little tunes which describe your success or failure throughout your misadventures, at one point I had a chump with a stick and a paper crown who defeated the vile rat king. Your journal has the air of an angry son whos father never really loved him.Recommended for the bored many who like a laugh and enjoy drawing cards."
76561198018071468,Recommended,317820,33852036,Posted: 28 July,all,mjro7,have a nice gameplay and the sound track is very funny
76561197972483399,Recommended,317820,20532388,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Hamburger!,"Enjoyed it. Got exactly what I expected, which was what the promo videos advertised. This is a low-frills indie with a lot of personality. I wish it was longer, but it more than delivered on the price point. Might go back if they produce more DLC and sell it at a point I don't mind grabbing a bunch to breathe new life into it... as it stands you get 3 regions of content with a 4th offered as DLC.Plays like a board/card game -- in a fun and interesting way. Monsters and characters have a starting ""deck"" of abilities and the gear you find gives and takes away different cards and bonuses... it's easy to pick up but has a lot of depth. People who like CCGs (or appreicate their mechanics) will find combat in this game as enjoyable as I did. Basically you have health, attack and defense moves. Cards you play do physical or magical damage, physical or magical defense, and grant or subtract health and cards from you or your foe. There is also unblockable attacks and attacks that ""first strike"" out of sequence. coupled with some interesting class abilities combat has a lot going on in it -- harder or easier starts, greater or weaker apexes for different classes, and advantages and drawbacks that make things like enemy selection thoughtful and meaningful.It's a good game. If there is a heaven for Indie developers that do not use the title to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the consumer, these guys are going there.Recommended."
,Recommended,317820,31899905,Posted: 22 May,all,Slippy,A nice chilled out game about slaughtering the locals in nearby dungeons.+Art Style is mostly great. Reminds me of the old DnD maps. However I found the snow lair to be really quite cluttered and ugly+Gamplay is simple and fun. Easy to pick up on with a good depth. It's not Dark Souls but it's solid enough.+Time. Runs are quick and require little prep beyond picking a hero and a buff. No changing 500 trinkets.+The new trial mode is really quite good. Even easier to jump in and have a run. Also allows you to 'replay' the early game without having to start a new game+No game breaking bugs. A few odd bugs (mostly around the new trial systems which is beta anyway) and one which cuts the music while on the guild screen. Nothing crazy.- Options and menu navigation is a little odd. The main screen doesn't have a quit button (or I am blind).-Not a lot of hero customisation. Not a huge deal as the little dudes/lady dudes don't last long but it would be nice to have a few nice options for RP purposes. You can change their names though! Perhaps some simple things like being able to write a message on their gravestone etc.TLDR: Great casual game for killing bad guys and grabbing loot. Also bard voice over.
76561198321641882,Recommended,317820,33409170,Posted: 9 July,all,GREAT,"This game is somewhat joint of jigsaw puzzle and rogue-like games.It hugely depends on your luck but I can assure you that you would get the feeling that you're getting better after experiencing megadeath of your characters.The background music is perfect in a way that the bard always sings with smirks everytime when you fail your quest.In short, this game is intriguing because you keep getting motivated although the whole game (even the music) laughs at you everytime you fail. It's strange experience."
,Recommended,317820,24820555,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,suKaa,"So... I just finished the game. To me, the game was worth it. This game is kind of a hybrid between roguelike and a cardgame and a dungeon crawler. Definitely unique. This game is a one time playthrough however. Once you beat the game, you'll have no desire to go back to it. I certainly didn't.It will probably last you about ~12 hours. It took 25 hours for me, because I had to start the whole game over. The difficulty spikes up a lot in a section with dwarves, and I hadn't unlocked tier 3 class by that time, because I was exploring all the classes. There's no way to farm gold in this game, so I had to start over. Bad game design there. But, once I started over and focused on a class I liked, I beat the game with little difficulty.For the novelty of the game, I can honestly recommend it. It has charm and is a fun casual game. And I don't mind paying 15 dollars to get 10+ hours of gameplay. If you're in the same boat, and you like what you see, give it a try. There's always the steam refund if you absolutely hate it, but I think you'll like it."
76561198207083779,Recommended,317820,27500562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zaijka,I saw another person playing this game and immediately wanted it.  I thought it was going to be fun and easy.  It was anything but easy.  With new additions and new expansions - your days and holidays are now complete.  Thank you for everything. :)
76561198088009760,Recommended,317820,18457534,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,slaughtered_heart-string,Fun and Entertaining game
,Recommended,317820,18504958,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Synth Bagpipe,"Went into a dungeon as an apprentice to stop a ritual, almost made it in time, but decided that I should fight this skeleton several rooms away instead and failed the quest.10/10"
,Recommended,317820,18916536,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,jarcionek,"The game is quite nice, however it gets very repetitive very quickly. Forget about playing it for longer than an hour in one go, it should be rather played 30 minutes per day maximum.It is quite similar toDesktop Dungeons:go for short adventureearn goldexpand your base which allows you to start in better position:unlock better blessingunlock new character classesunlock new items to be found during adventuresThere are elements of CCG (collectible card game):there are multiple skills spanning over levels 1-4, each level gives you unique card during battleskills can be increased by items which you find during adventures (head, off-hand, body, weapon)some character classes have single skill at level 1every character class has ~6 basic cards, different depending on the classThe graphics is cartoon-ish but it is really pleasant to the eye. Also, the soundtrack is very good.Disadvantages:There is a lot of grinding in the game. Income from exploring dungeon, collecting treasures and killing monsters (which sometimes adds up to 50-100 gold) is far too small comparing to finishing quests (usually 50, but sometimes 1-4k). And tier 3 buildings cost 2k each. As a result, the only reasonable way of gaining gold is to just rush through the quests.You cannot replay quests. Once you complete them all, you have to start over from scratch.Some bugs in the descriptions and mechanics. Skills do not trigger when they should, sometimes they trigger when they shouldn'tHow the hero chooses path is very unclear, is it random? And fighting monsters instead of going to quest objective when the timer is ticking I would call a bug. There is also no path-finding implemented - if you make a corridor 10 squares long, with the hero on one end and unexplored part on the other end, the hero will be wandering randomly instead of going straight to unexplored part.There is no AI in game, all opponents' actions are random. Player has a hand of cards, however opponent's are just drawing a single card and playing it immediately, they don't have a hand to choose from.Overall the game is too simplistic and although I enjoyed playing it, it is not worth £15. However, if you can get it on sale for £5 - go for it."
,Recommended,317820,19471073,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,darksider1128,"ooohhh this game...  Run your toon through a dungeon (maybe they actually live) to find that they sold all their gear! so run them again... and again... and again. New gear every time. New challanges with every new class... new challanges everywhere! If  you enjoy starting from scratch every time you play a level, this game is right up your alley. If you enjoy comedy in a game (the minstrel who provides the soundtrack is pretty funny) this game is for you. If you like old school table top RPG's ... this game might be for you. Definitely worth the money in my opinion."
76561198052646559,Recommended,317820,20372392,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eyemboard,"Basic rock, paper, scissors type gameplay that gets tedious quickly. Story is not engaging enough to keep me playing but the soundtrack is great."
76561198054056477,Recommended,317820,20772155,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kotov9syndrome,"Guild of Dungeoneering is dungeon crawler game where you make the path for each quest yourself. This apsect of the game is clever and cool. There are different types of characters (classes), similiar to a DND/Pathfinder. The game has a killer soundtrack and I highly recommend getting it. The fighting is difficult in-game if you don't plan it out carefully because it is up to luck and how you draw your cards.The only thing I will warn you about is that the beginning of the game is very hard and grindy, unless you get really lucky.Good luck and happy dungeoneering!"
,Recommended,317820,20831492,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,wildwinds,"Different kind of game, quite innovative, very fun to play. The narrator bard is highly entertaining."
76561198027724317,Recommended,317820,21525312,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dax616,A little grindy but very creative it is sooooo close to being a smash hit - I would check this out if you.
76561197989523074,Recommended,317820,26278219,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GreyCoyote,"Love the art style and the random, build your own dungeon, gameplay. Reminds me of Jewel Quest and other lite RPGs or old school RPG rougelikes (shout out to Sword of Fargol).While not for everyone, this game is highly enjoyable for the right audience. Don't expect to get attached to your adventurers and progress with them through the game though. The whole tone of the Guild is that there are an endless number of new recruits to fight and die for glory. Kind of a quantity versus quality sort of strategy going on here.My advice is to unlock the Shapeshifter ASAP, as she has a good mix of offence and, more importantly, healing and defence. This can help to win you those crucial first fights each dungeon, when you are at or below par with monsters your level.Best thing I can recomend is to watch someone play this game for a while on YouTube or Twitch and if it looks like your cup of tea then give it a try. I probably wouldn't have looked at it twice otherwise but didn't have to watch for long to know it was something that I had to play myself."
76561198030829147,Recommended,317820,27587832,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gods_Saviour,"This is a simple yet brilliant game. You play a rather unique role of a Dungeon Master by placing tiles, monsters and gold. Yet also play as the ""dungeoneer"" also, who moves by itself (via motivation, for example gold is more important than an empty room), yet the combat is based on a card system in which you control. You can gain additional cards via loot which can only be obtained from monsters. You will need to fight in order to level up and gain further loot to handle the boss fight in said dungeon.When you enter a dungeon you will always start without loot and at level 1, which may sound off-putting but considering the games formula, it is incredibly effective.The early-mid game can be a struggle at first due to a learning curve, lack of money (to upgrade your guild to get better heroes) and not knowing what dungeons contain what. The game unfortuantely gets easier later on when you get top tier heroes, but I still found it enjoyable until it's end."
,Recommended,317820,19636585,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Iscamion,"This is a great game, very humourous, and easy to play for a long time due to the random element of how you can build your dungeon, coupled with the vast array of possible Dungeoneers you can use.Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,317820,26424145,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Foster Disbelief,"Mr. Hunter sat at the end of the bar nursing his Red Bull and Stoli.  It was ladies night at this corner dive, and the university girls that filled the place earlier had long ago left for their primary engagements.  Now the bar contained four occupants, of whom only three were concious.  The moment of reckoning had finally arrived.  It was dark, smokey, and last call.That's when she walked into the bar.She blinked once, then twice as her eyes adjusted to the dark and she lowered the hood of her cloak.  Neon light gleamed off of the red of her hair obscenely.  Her gaze landed on Mr. Hunter like a spell.  He found that he could not look away from her as she crossed the room liquidly.  Her cloak was a deep red that matched her hair.  The dress underneath was a heart attack.  Her eyes never left Mr. Hunter as she ordered her drink; ""Macallan 27 year, neat."" The bartenders sarcasitic reply was cut off when he found a bottle of Macallan 27 where he left the Dewars.""  It may have been the magic trick, or it may have just been her striking beauty, but no one noticed that her voice was weaved together from the screams of a thousand tortured souls.Mr. Hunter caught himself staring and attempted to recover, channeling his best Bond impression:  ""My name is Hunter.  Card Hunter.""She grimaced in embarassment for an instant before regaining her composure.  Her voice was intoxicating, alluring.  ""Don't try to be something your not, Card Hunter.  I'm not out looking for bells and whistles.  I don't care about top flight graphics.  I sought you out, Card Hunter, because you have what I am looking for.  Solid gameplay.  An original system.  Replayability.  And perhaps more than anything, a sense of whimsy.  People tell me all the time I can't let my hair down and have fun.  Maybe I am too dark.  What do people expect?  My name is Darkest, after all.""The bar had faded away somehow by now, and they were sitting alone somewhere he couldn't comprehend.  The air reeked of sulfur, or was it tobacco?  His head was swimming from more than just alcohol as she touched the tip of his nose with the tip of her finger,  quietly making a beep-like noise.  Her eyes were red in the light of the twin moon.  His thoughts would wander, threads sewing as they tangled together, chaos breeding.  First they were in the bar, then a hotel room, now a barren planet with purple skies, then a deep cave seemingly carved from the very darkness.  His sanity was hanging by a thread she held between the silver blades of a pair of what look like safety scissors.  He started to chuckle at the absurdity of it all.Her voice was distant yet loud, jarring in its calm tones, musical and chilling.  He couldn't move a muscle, but it didn't matter as long as she kept talking.  ""It is long past time for me to mate, my sweet Card Hunter, and to bring an offspring into this world.  I spent far too long searching the darkness for what was hiding in the bright light the whole time.""She smiled shyly, while the glint of unending hunger flickered in her eyes.  ""I'm sorry that I will never be Mrs. Hunter.  Almost as sorry that you will never know your spawn.  I promise that you will feel only the pleasurable type of pain.""The first wave of estatic oblivion had already began to wash over Mr. Card Hunter when he managed to croak out two words of a question.""Your.....name?""""Darkest Dungeon, my sweet innocent Card Hunter.  And our child will be Guild of Dungeoneering.""TL;DR?   If Darkest Dungeon seduced Card Hunter, Guild of Dungeoneering would be the resulting love child.Play this game!!!!   I kept an eye on it for what seemed like forever, and my only complaint upon finally purchasing and installing Guild of Dungeoneering is that I waited so long before buying it.  I love this game!!!"
76561197970474532,Recommended,317820,26616159,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Snake0iler,For a game with such a comic story and delightful hand drawn (ish) style it can be quite challenging and has a lot of depth and replay value. I highly recommend this game as not only a light distraction but also as a great RPG
76561198066227206,Recommended,317820,26927626,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Autumn The Cuzzy,"This is the Guild of Dugeoneering, where you play this roguelike for fun.The time flies by, when on sale, you should buy! I recommend it to everyone.(It's a great game I picked up on sale, the DLCs are great fun, and it's sucked up quite a bit of my free time. It's fairly simplistic as far as gameplay is concerned, but it can get really challenging- in a good way. My only nitpick is that after the first few dungeons some classes become completely useless to me, as they require an extreme amount of luck finding the right equipment combinations... Other than that, it's been great!!)"
,Recommended,317820,27015273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nox,This game is adorable and addicting.Its easy to get into a death loop and sometimes it feels like you are being forced to lose some encounters you shouldn't.The puns are great. DLC is cheap and worth it.Story isn't much but it is hilarious.
,Recommended,317820,26408419,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,R.O.B Two Limes,"Got this game and all the DLC on sale, and the 15 bucks was well spent. At first I was getting frustrated, dying ALOT, but once you understand how it plays, it becomes a fun game, though I still die all the time, ha! Gives you a chance to try out the other classes and they have so many to choose from. Get it at full price or on discount, either way, it's super enjoyable and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,317820,19015110,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,AvengerKit,"Chanllenging , Cute , and Massively wide range of abilities / combos / classes to play with."
,Recommended,317820,19427011,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lljk Terrible,Fun and witty little time killer. Was the right price on sale. Looks and feels good.
76561198003414986,Recommended,317820,31896664,Posted: 21 May,all,Putin,"Dying is fun, you will have a lot of fun."
76561197973498812,Recommended,317820,19515190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sherkhan,"Awesome game! Quick in and out. Nice amount of depth, does get repetitive at the end. Regardless a lot of fun. Expansion does not come with additional achievements."
,Recommended,317820,19537192,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,jowvicious,"Love, love this game!"
76561198052365181,Recommended,317820,20151747,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ec_42,Dangerously addictive and fun game. Easy to burn up a lot of time playing it.
,Recommended,317820,20777170,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kplvx8,"A fun little game.  The end stages can require a bit of luck to survive, but the stages are short enough that it is easy enough to restart if you lose."
,Recommended,317820,26927413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,heartsofshadow,First class is a chump.  Who has had to go to chump school. Need I say more?
76561198036373796,Recommended,317820,18309156,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Annihilord,"Yes definitely a good game, fair warning it does not last long at all.new game + and endless modes have been promised* but so far the DLC has come out before that, maybe wait for a discount or until those modes have been released.After you finish the campaign you cannot replay the missions and the only way to keep playing after it is just play the same campaign again.*Pro's+ Fun combo's with classes and items+ Original classes and ""abilities""+ Charming (though graphicly unimpressive)+ Decent progressionCons- Short! very short*- Can become repetative/grindy- Started selling DLC's before essential content was implemented (this game needs the endless mode to have any replayability at all)Fun, very charming, funny but short.Edit: *They have added a feature which lets you replay bosses, this makes the game a lot better and quite a bit longer lived, its not quite new game plus/endless yet, but its the next best thing."
76561198038492677,Recommended,317820,17122335,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Unca Bob,"A charming deck building game that oozes character. An amusingly callus and jealous guild leader sends droves of hapless and probably brainless 'dungeoneers' into foul and dangerous places to try and show up those Ivy League ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Your equipment and some classes/blessings give points in a variety of combat disciplines, up to a maximum for 4 points per style. Each consecutive point in a style grants the next (and more powerful) attack card of the style. Consequently specialiseation in 1/2 styles will make you reliably powerful while attempting to jack of all trades will leave you with a large deck full of weak attacks.Stratagie in and out of combat is simple, often simply having an obvious 'best' option. Due to the small numbers used in game failure to identifiy or misstep from the 'best' tactic can get easily you killed. While possible to tailor your style to give optimum results for each dungeon my own experience suggests this to be of dubious value.The basic gameplay loop is very simple and best suited to short play sessions.The game balance is a little wonky in that:- It is possible to be forced into suboptimal and even leathal situations by the random nature of the cards through no fault of your own.- Each group of classes is objectively more powerful than the group preceeding it.- Some of the combat disciplines seem less effecitive than others.- The difficulty progression of dungeons can be subverted by gaining access at a class/gear above the intended level, which is an issue because...- The movement system can be abused to indeffinitly extend a dungeon attempt to farm, dull but easy to accomplishSound assets are in theme but very limited. The bardic narrator is well voiced but sometimes frustratingly slow spoken.Visually strong asthetic, if you happen to like the handdrawn look.My bottom line:If you want a simple, rouge light deck builer with basic stratagie then grab it. If you aren't down for all those things or something mentioned above puts you off in a noteworthy way, wait till a sale."
,Recommended,317820,17132738,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Hawkward,"Excellent little game with superb mechanics, a wonderful setting, theme and narrator.+ Gameplay - Simple, yet satisfying+ Music - The bard songs are fantastic, the general score grates after a while+ Value for money - £11 for pretty much 11 hours of gameplay, pound for pound worth itAs the bard would say..Hungrily awaiting somewhat.. more, I find myself wondering what is next.. in store"
76561198088868626,Recommended,317820,31874418,Posted: 20 May,all,King of all Games,"Hope you're ready to sit back and relax. Guild of Dungeoneering is a casual game. It can bearly be called rouge-lite game, as it is too easy to be a rouge-lite game. A two-year old could beat the game in 5 minutes. Luck plays little part in this game, as you play with your entire deck. Monsters are weak, and generally only take one hit to kill. Using blocking attacks is useless as well, as every damage in the game is unblockable. The only thing you have to worry about is if you're opponent can deal 50+ damage, as you start with 50 hp. Plus you can get it for free, so why not waste 5 minutes of your life on a free game?Don't believe me? Look at this:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=929844830"
76561198028880976,Recommended,317820,18196586,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GroggyOx,fun and easy. a great theme and good replay value.
76561198102640108,Recommended,317820,23960854,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Havard105,"This game is just plain and simple fun, with a tad of RNG/luck and some strategic choices."
76561198029300088,Recommended,317820,28446554,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"This game is a lot of fun, through I realize I only have a few hours in, it is like a solo board game.  Perfect to waste a few hours on when you don't have anything else to do.  There is really not a lot of risk in the game, if you die you wait a few turns and your class that died comes back.  The play is simple, certainly not as complicated as some of the mixed CCG RPG games on the  market.  Through I must admit the music is amusing.Really there is not much to dislike about the game.  I would say if anything gets a bit tedious during the mid game of the dungeon while you build up your player who is stripped down to level 1 each quest.  if you get the right deck builds you can level him up and gets lots of loot.Beware, the first quest with your CHUMP expect to die a few times, but once you unlock the Brusier when you save 50G which does not take long even if you die a few times.The score is 9/10...it is very niche but if the devs support the game it may have some viablity for awhile."
,Recommended,317820,30470826,Posted: 12 March,all,Überstorm,"A fun randomly generated game, by cards, and... By you!In this game, you play as a dungeon master and you have a character to select based upon what you have unlocked, your goal is to... complete the goal at the end of the dungeon. How you do this is you build your own pathway to the dungeon and your ""dungeoneer"" goes through that path, and in combat it's based upon cards. Upon finding equipment you get more (or less) cards or perhaps a health bonus for your dungeoneeer, after the dungeon is over, (through completion or through death) you lose all of the gear you found. However you get to keep the gold you found, and use it to buy more things whether it's classes, or more gear for the item pool of treasures, you are progressing in the typical rogue-like fashion.This game is very enjoyable and the art of controlling your dungeoneer to go down certain paths, and not others as you scream at your computer screen is quite a beautiful way of gameplay. A generally innovative idea in the indie game scene which is always welcome.Sadly the developers love this game too much, what do I mean by that? You ask, I mean, that they fell down the DLC/expansion rabbit hole. The developers love this game so much that they want to keep adding to it, great right? However you have to pay for all of that new stuff,I get it guys, you have to eat, but so does everyone else. Remember when you used to buy a game, and you got the game, and now you have this. I get it but if you really think about it, if you just kept adding to your game and gave those updates or ""expansions"" for free, don't you think more people would speak fondly of this game? (not that they already don't most people are loving this game) Hence you getting the word out more... hence you getting more money for the updates you are doing? Hello? Am I taking crazy pills? Hello? Can you hear me? Am I the only sane one here that understands how sales work and that if you have DLC that only encourages piracy hence you losing money rather than you just giving people the full game? What? Oh my god common sense.Sorry if I got a little carried away, but you would probably make the same amount of money if you didn't have paid DLC, more people would buy the game in the first place, and the word that you guys are ""Benevolent Indie Developers"" would get out as well, hence more sales.Though I think DLC is idiotic and borderline scam/slimy buissiness tactic, I do whole-heartedly recommend this game, I also recommend piracy. (That last part is a joke, sarcasm doesn't work through text)"
76561198193275375,Recommended,317820,25590367,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,avec,"tl;dr:The Guild of Dungeoneering is an intriguing hybrid of a roguelike game and a tabletop card-drafting game. However, it uses card-drafting mechanics that were designed for multiplayer games. In a solitaire game like The Guild of Dungeoneering, these mechanics lose much of their strategic depth. Grade: BThe Guild of Dungeoneering could almost be a tabletop card-drafting game, likeDominion. In card-drafting games, each player has a small deck of cards. As they play cards, they draft more powerful cards into their decks. Since the decks are reshuffled frequently, the new cards quickly become available for play. Nearly every aspect of The Guild of Dungeoneering is handled by cards. It would probably be possible to print out the cards and play it as a tabletop game. However, the game involves so much upkeep that it would probably only work as computer game, where the upkeep is handled automatically. In that sense, The Guild of Dungeoneering is a good example of how tabletop mechanics can be refined and expanded in a digital environment.The downside of this approach is that the card-drafting mechanics were originally intended for multiplayer games. In games like Dominion, the players adapt to each other’s strategies. They can sometimes bluff or mislead their opponents. There’s no opportunity to use those kinds of tactics in The Guild of Dungeoneering. The monsters have better cards than you do, but they don’t play them intelligently. In that sense, the game often feels like I'm playing solitaire Hearts on Microsoft Office.In The Guild of Dungeoneering, you guide a character around a series of dungeons, fighting monsters and collecting loot. Each dungeon has a clearly defined objective, like “defeat 1 skeleton” or “find 2 chests.”  When you fight a monster, you and the monster play cards on each other. For example, a monster might play “Claw,” which inflicts 1 point of physical damage. In response, you might play “Bash,” which blocks 1 point of physical damage and inflicts 1 point of physical damage. Combat continues until either you or the monster runs out of life points.  After defeating a monster, you can choose between 3 loot cards. Each loot card allows you to draft different cards into your deck. For example, if you acquire a Mace, you would add the “Bash” card to your deck. If you already have Bash, you would add “Slam,” which is (theoretically) superior to Bash. If a monster wins a fight, you start over at the beginning of the dungeon with a new character.You can only carry a certain amount of loot. For example, you can only wear one helmet at a time. When you swap one loot item for another, you add some cards to your deck and remove others. If The Guild of Dungeoneering was a tabletop game, you’d probably spend most of your time adding and removing cards from the various decks. But as a computer game, it all flows very smoothly.  The game is also surprisingly well balanced. I win most fights, but it’s often very close. A lot of seemingly insignificant cards end up playing a major role.It also has a wonderful tone. You adopt the perspective of a lazy, unscrupulous guild master who considers his “dungeoneers” to be nothing more than cannon fodder. When they survive a quest, his apathetic response is priceless. (Though his shtick wears thin after a while, so I’m glad you can mute him.) The graphics consist of cute line drawings that reinforce the feeling of ironic detachment. The vampires are particularly adorable.I like the character classes. There are 14 different classes and most of them have their own distinct style. For example, Bruisers harm monsters if they fully block an attack. Alchemists are often able to heal faster than monsters can harm them. The Cartomancer class is interesting, since you are encouraged to let your opponent hurt you until you unload a single devastating attack.You don’t move your character – they move themselves. You can influence their movement by placing monsters or gold near their location.  Sometimes, characters will make suboptimal moves if they have characteristics like “Hubris” or “Death Wish.” However, sometimes they make suboptimal moves for no apparent reason. In one of my games, a character had a choice between two rooms. One room had a blessing, gold, and a low-level monster. The other room had a curse. He chose the room with the curse. He then fought a high-level monster and lost because of the curse.As I said, the biggest problem with The Guild of Dungeoneering is that it’s a solitaire game that uses multiplayer mechanics. The monsters don’t seem to use much strategy, and might even play cards at random. Once I adopted a basic, common-sense strategy, the game became too easy.Basic strategy:Avoid monsters that you’re not ready to fight.Choose loot cards that give you the most powerful attack cards.If you’re winning a fight, play aggressively.If you’re losing a fight, play defensively.Advanced strategy:Pick cards that give you Arcane, Holy, or Spikey.Think carefully before fighting monsters that have Burn, Burly, or Bulwark.Avoid fountains unless there is no risk.Using this strategy, it’s not uncommon to defeat anywhere from 40 to 100 monsters in a row.  By exploring slowly and cautiously, it greatly reduces the risk, but it also makes the game boring. Maybe the game would be more fun if I played recklessly. But I have serious reservations about a strategy game that’s only fun when you don’t use strategy. To be fair, some dungeons can be lethal, depending on your character class. And for some reason, the *second* monster in a dungeon is often the hardest to kill. But I’ve played the game five times now, and I’m not sure that there’s much left for me to learn.  It’s not likeFTL, which can be played hundreds of times.The game might be more interesting if there were two players, one controlling the adventurer and the other controlling the monsters. The card-drafting mechanics might become deeper and more satisfying.Alternately, perhaps each dungeon could be designed so that some character classes do better than others. The player would be given specific details about each dungeon, and would need to think carefully about which character class to use. Another possibility would be to stretch out the “second monster” phase of the dungeon (which is the most challenging phase) by giving out less loot.Other thoughtsThe low-level characters take on minotaurs and liches, while the high-level characters fight dwarven miners. That’s fine, I guess, but it’s weird.There are some dungeons where you need to complete the objective within a certain number of turns. It’s a good idea, but the implementation is broken. For example, you might have eight turns to move five spaces to the right.  If eight turns go by, and you’ve only drawn three cards that have a right-hand exit, you lose. That actually happens from time to time.I love the “Turbo” option, which speeds up gameplay. I wish FTL had an option like that.The characters level up in a really odd way. When they first enter a dungeon, they’re at level 1. By the end of the dungeon, they’re usually at level 4 and have lots of loot. When they enter the next dungeon, they start over at level 1 and have no loot. It help maintain game balance, but it’s unintuitive. Sometimes I forget that a character has suddenly become much weaker.The theme song is stuck in my head. I’m not sure if that’s a good thing."
,Recommended,317820,28609990,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,drone110266,Really fun but it can be frustrating have sheer luck screw ya out of a level.
76561198029739150,Recommended,317820,28960752,Posted: 2 January,all,ajsgf798,"Another surprise hit for me. GoD is a simple, rogue-style, dungeon-crawler-like experience that is unique, quirky, and funny. Quick and easy to learn and get in to and challenging enough to make you want to keep coming back for me.... even if the humor itself didn't draw you back. Worth the full price, and a must buy if on sale!Pros:Easy to learnGreat humor with unique approach to the genreNever plays the same, even if you ""know"" the levelCons:Rogue-style games are not for everyone, this could potentially frustrate somePlayer Characters never really grow or progress (limited function on this has since been added)"
,Recommended,317820,18886452,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,raixel,"TL;DR: The art and writing is awesome and really unique. The game kind of reminds me of Munchkin. If youve ever played that game and liked it, you'll like this.Long story short. Build your guild by getting gold. Adventure to get gold by building the dungeon using cards. Attack enemies with different attacks using cards. Get inventory to give you different cards in your attack deck. But that explanation really really doesnt do this game justice.____________________________________________________________I saw this game and when I saw ""card game"", I ignored it for a while. But then I got bored and the pickings on Steam had been slim lately. I decided to pick it up.Its a ""card game"" in the same way Hand of Fate is a ""card game"". Meaning yes, its a game, and yes there are cards. But just saying its a ""card game"" doesnt do it justice.For starters, let me just say the game is really unique and stands out among your typical indie fare. Seems like a lot of indie coming out nowdays are kind of spins on the same thing. Granted, even the 15th voxel built (or 2d pixel)  open world crafting game or the 53rd RPGMaker SNES JRPG  even comes *close* to the ""same $59.99 game, different skin"" run of the mill churn of the AAAs, but still.Like dont get me wrong, I love certain indie genres, pixel art, etc. I'm not knocking indie games, thank whatever deity you want they exist at all.But its refreshing to see a game that looks and feels like nothing else. Its got great tongue-in-cheek sarcastic writing and narrator and the art has this great ""someones telling a story by doing pencil drawings on pieces of paper"" feel.Gameplay basics:So you start. You have a card, put it down and youve got a barracks. A little adventurer shows up. Now, you can expand your guild (which takes gold) or go adventuring. Since you have no gold, you adventure. You get a hand of cards. Some are treasure cards, enemy cards, or room cards. Your little adventurer is standing there, maybe theres some half built rooms nearby. YOu need to get him/her some gold and loot. You can play 3 cards a turn. Put down a room and that square gets drawn in with the room featurs. Drop an enemy and some treasure. Now send your adventurer in there.You get a hand of cards with various attacks and defenses (physical/magic). Some cards have specials, such as heal HP, force opponentr to discard etc. So does your enemy. You play them against each other until one of you is dead. Death is permanent for that adventurer, so be careful. If theres treasure, you may get inventory cards (aka loot). Grab what you want, loot the room, and the next turn happens. Play your cards (or dont if you dont want to), move, fight, loot. Keep doing this until you beat the quest goal, whatever that may be. Take the gold you earned back and pick new stuff for your guild, weather its for fighteres, thieves or mages. Put down rooms and items to attract stonger adventurers and boost their stats and abilities.So far, its fun. Simple enough to pick up and play, but strangely addictive. The combat is the one weak point, its just a matter of back and forth, hoping you get the last hit in first. I'm hoping as I get better guyys it wuill become more interesting, because right nowm its ""I do 1 HP (you have around 5 total), he does 1 HP, I do 1, he does 1, and so forth.And did I mention ithe arts pretty cool and unique?"
,Not Recommended,317820,17908747,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,"Fun for about an hour. Then you've seen pretty much everything the game has to offer. The new classes don't feel very different, and the game becomes a grind/rng dependant slog towards the end.Don't recommend."
,Recommended,317820,33313860,Posted: 6 July,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/5cpN7-UdEgoCountless dungeons await our heroes, as they head out in search of loot and glory all in the name of the 'Guild of Dungeoneering'.  Play dungeon tiles, add monsters and loot then let the AI Dungeoneer navigate like a hamster in a maze.Combat is resolved with a deck building card combat trading blows with an effective strategy is the key to success, but even in defeat the guild grows on."
76561198121292835,Recommended,317820,17134185,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,InterFan,"Really Fun, took a little bit to figure out the mechanics and combat order and how the armor attributes generate the cards, not that they come with cards already. That said, I noticed that I get a level up after beating a boss, but that goes away in the guild. I can't seem to tell if I level up by beating monsters or just by collecting armor levels. Seems I just need to run around until I get enough good armor pieces. I lost like 10 dudes on one level, would be nice to somehow level up the individual heros some little bit at least if I can defeat a boss with them."
76561197970053951,Recommended,317820,17138933,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Reaces,"Pro'sVery nice music and sound effectsNice theme, simple and easy to get in toFun mechanicsCon'sRepetitiveShortA lack of continuityI was on the fence about buying this game, and I'm on the fence about recommending it.The game is quite simple, and easy to play, however the mechanics are fun and I don't really know of any other game quite like it.The main problem with the game is that each encounter starts your units from lvl 1, and can get quite repetitive.Unlocking new classes only partly mitigates the problem, as most of the classes still boil down to the same mechanics, all-be-it combined with their class specific traits.If you want a game that can be played for a few minutes quickly, that has a board-game feel and a card-game lite playstyle, Guild of Dungeoneering is perfectly suited to that role.If you expect a rogue-like game with a steep dificulty curve that you can sink a few hundred hours into, look elsewhere."
76561198005784495,Recommended,317820,17099647,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BeanyUndead,"This is a unique and exceptionally well made game. The sound design is nothing short of amazing and the gameplay, while at first outwardly simple, can surprise you with its hidden complexity. It has an incredibly cute aesthetic but this should not deter more hard-core gamers as this inherent 'cuteness' is almost a parody of itself, as the game use much in the way of dark humour to threaten and bet against your 'cute-little-dungeoneers'.Seriously, I recommend this game. It is very different and above all, well designed."
,Recommended,317820,18206387,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MrStickFigure,Unique and enjoyable game. Only negative is you cannot repeat missions.
,Recommended,317820,18895822,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ReBoot,"Let's get a couple of things straight. I hate card games. To be more precise, I hate CCGs. The fact that someone can pretty much steamroll you only because he's got better cards is not fun. With that out of the way, this game is awesome! The art style, the music, the dungeon building and the combat. Yay for the card-based combat! The monsters have decks based on their levels and, well, type, you have your deck based on your class and dungeon progress and there ya go.Now don't get me wrong, the game can♥♥♥♥♥♥you. I've once lost to a level 3 monster. As a level 4. I've beaten this monster before as a level 2. The monster just drew cards I didn't have anything to counter with. Roguelike tropes it may be, but it sucks.Still, the game's fun. The combat sorta reminds me on the real-world card game Muchkin which I heartly recommend."
76561197997086042,Not Recommended,317820,26647223,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nidair,"To be fair, Guild of Dungeoneering is a time-waster and shouldn't be viewed as more than that. Don't expect a depth to the degree of Binding of Isaac, this is a game you play during lunch break... I think.+ Replayability: This game has so much randomness going on that no single game will be the same as the previous one, and different classes keep the game interesting for a while.+ Dungeon length: Usually, you'll be out of a dungeon in about 5 to 10 minutes unless you get unlucky and the first enemy kicks your butt in 3 turns. You can even quit the game in the middle of a dungeon and resume where you left off.+ Loot system: Being able to decide what kind of loot your characters are able to get is a good idea, and it works nicely. I would like to see a similar concept in more games.+ Humor: If you like traditional RPG's, this game takes a huge loop with the genre and creates a comedy out of it.- Negative dungeon rewards: Remove them. Period. Nobody wants to finally beat that mimic boss after losing numerous characters due to RNG, only to be 'rewarded' with 1 permanent health loss, or a less controllable character. It's just a bad gimmick that shouldn't exist.- RPG: Let's just be clear that it isn't one. Not in the slightest.- Extreme randomness: If you know even in the slightest what you're doing, the only thing you'll lose to is to RNG, and it happens a LOT. You don't draw any blocks against that ettin? You die. You didn't get a dungeon tile that gets you to the boss in time? Death! A random monster drawing 2 unblockable attack cards in a row? Guess what, it's another death you couldn't do anything about.I'm weighing this last point in very heavily, because it changes the game from a light-hearted fun dungeon crawler into an excersize in frustration very quickly. On your lunch break, you'd like at a cat burglar literally throwing cats and making terrible cat puns. You don't want to close the game because your cat burglar died to a bad fountain you have to place straight before the dungeon boss, but sadly, that happens way to often for this game to stay entertaining."
76561198048855146,Recommended,317820,22763765,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Aladek,Only complaint... I want more...
,Recommended,317820,22074815,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,<DøP> Drakand,Loving the style of play of this game as well as the brilliant choice of music/narrator singing. Very engaging!
76561198282976853,Recommended,317820,29290493,Posted: 15 January,all,Redfire5,Great turn based rpg but it does feel like some of the dungeons are pure rng
76561198169186261,Recommended,317820,29095575,Posted: 7 January,all,Moog,"It's like a simpler, card orientedDarkest Dungeon. I had a lot of fun with it for the first five hours, but the game quickly wore its welcome with me, becoming rather repetitive. I think this is one I'll play in short burts occasionallyThe presentation is top notch and charming. The minstrel is witty and well performedI think for a fiver you can't really complain, I think I'd feel less happy if I'd paid full price"
76561197999823984,Not Recommended,317820,33357023,Posted: 7 July,all,articulategrunt,"This is a fantastically frustrating game.  Completely rng and card based you have to trick your heroes into doing what you want which if you get the wrong card draw can result in their near instant death which happens far to often so if you like to get attached to your heroes this might not be your game.  The base/guild construction is fun but if you like growing and improving heroes once again, near impossible.  ""Battle scars/traits"" are the only real method of advancement, which can be turned off, but most of the time are negative modifiers.  They are scars and there is no way to heal them.  Even those that have positive affects commonly give a negative as well and any equipment earned on an adventure is ""sold for the betterment of the guild"".  So each dungeon the heroes start over like newbees but likely with the addition of negative battle scar traits.Don't get me wrong, it is fun and it will suck you in for hours.  It has a fun musical sound track and entertaining graphics/art style.  It is however clearly designed for you to play it with the heroes as nothing but a revolving door of dispossible cannon fodder and personally I just can't enjoy that kind of game for long.Thus with the complete randomness of the game, the stupidity of your heroes AI, the tendencyof the heroes to be worse and worse the more ""experienced"" the heroes are leading to the almost mandated revolving door of heroes and the complete lack of control in the dungeons (even so far as a ""get treasure"" or ""avoid the boss"" options); I probably would have skipped it, saved my money and tried something else."
76561198117696382,Not Recommended,317820,29383832,Posted: 20 January,all,Cowputerman,"Extremly frustrating when you lose over and over again since you have no way of building your charecter between dungeons. It's not to bad when you begin, but after a while the enemies will be harder, but you always start over. It makes it feel like your just wasting your time not getting anywhere."
76561198023800203,Not Recommended,317820,33263993,Posted: 5 July,all,Kaisha,"I really wanted to like this, wonderful music, a real interesting atmosphere and idea.  But it just doesn't come together.  Its got zero strategy, all RNG.  Its like a clicker hero game.  Bored within half an hour..."
76561198100277660,Not Recommended,317820,28619885,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,angel.anas,"too repetitive. no real story,got me bored quickly even though I tried  to wait for it to get better"
76561197977533136,Not Recommended,317820,17055728,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TK-421,I actually quite enjoyed the short time I had with this game but I cannot fully recommend it. The gameplay is fairly straightforward for anyone who has played Card Hunter or Hand of Fate. Premise of laying out a dungeon and having the AI wander onto your creatues to gather gold and items. The combat is fairly simplistic and easy once you get the hang of it and differs only slightly. My biggest issue is the price. Well the gameplay and music/art are fun and well thought out there just isnt much depth to the game to justify $15. If the game where offered at a more reasonable price $5-$10 range I could have been pursaded to stick with it. But after only a few rounds of play I felt like I had figured out the game and knew where it was going in regards to leveling characters and your guild. A noble effort but falls short in longevity and depth.
,Not Recommended,317820,23770520,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Strbrst,"EDIT BELOWA̶r̶e̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶d̶y̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶d̶i̶e̶ ̶a̶ ̶l̶o̶t̶?̶ ̶A̶r̶e̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶d̶y̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶R̶N̶G̶-̶d̶r̶i̶v̶e̶n̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶p̶l̶a̶y̶?̶ ̶I̶ ̶s̶u̶r̶e̶ ̶h̶o̶p̶e̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶a̶r̶e̶,̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶'̶r̶e̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶h̶e̶r̶e̶!I̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶w̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶l̶i̶k̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶I̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶.̶ ̶Y̶e̶s̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶a̶ ̶l̶i̶t̶t̶l̶e̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶l̶l̶e̶n̶g̶i̶n̶g̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶I̶'̶m̶ ̶o̶k̶a̶y̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶.̶ ̶B̶u̶t̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶b̶e̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶g̶r̶e̶s̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶l̶u̶c̶k̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶ ̶p̶o̶o̶r̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶d̶e̶s̶i̶g̶n̶.̶ ̶A̶l̶s̶o̶,̶ ̶i̶f̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶d̶r̶a̶w̶,̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶a̶l̶a̶w̶y̶s̶ ̶l̶o̶s̶e̶.̶ ̶B̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶c̶o̶o̶l̶,̶ ̶r̶i̶g̶h̶t̶?̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶o̶n̶c̶e̶p̶t̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶h̶i̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶l̶o̶o̶k̶ ̶g̶r̶e̶a̶t̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶y̶ ̶l̶o̶o̶k̶ ̶ ̶l̶i̶k̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶y̶ ̶c̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶e̶a̶t̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶h̶o̶u̶r̶s̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶f̶r̶e̶e̶ ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶.̶ ̶B̶u̶t̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶n̶d̶s̶,̶ ̶I̶'̶m̶ ̶s̶t̶u̶c̶k̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶I̶'̶m̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶a̶b̶i̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶g̶o̶ ̶o̶n̶.4̶/̶1̶0̶,̶ ̶I̶ ̶s̶u̶p̶p̶o̶s̶e̶?So I finally slogged through the whole first area, with luck finally on my side. It turns out that after you clear the first area of bosses, you can go back and challenge them, earning gold as you do it. So if you can endure the first bit of the game, you are able to practice, earn yourself some extra gold, and replay previous dungeons.Finally working through that one problem in the game bumps this up to a 6/10 for me.These points, however, do NOT fix the big problems the game already has. An unintelligent AI that guides you where you have no desire to go, being driven by pure luck, and gameplay that gets stale pretty quick makes this game a questionable purchase."
,Not Recommended,317820,17059759,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Stefan,"Digital boardgame of Dungeon Making and Exploring that falls flat on the long run.Initially, I thought the game had a nice combination of both worlds. The jist of it is simple, the style is somewhat cute and the way the game plays makes you feel like you are in control at all times, which is nice. Problems arrive once you realize the game doesn't go that far with it's ideas.Sure you have upgrades and unlockables but it never really feels like new stuff is being brought to the table - just more of the same. Powers have no animations, sounds are extremely simple (I'm not kidding, there must be one or two sounds for your attack powers) and although some parts have voiced songs, it get's annoying after the third time or so. Maps and monsters change, but again, there's little added than just another image and another objective.All in all, it's a nice game, don't get me wrong. You will get your share of fun, but for the price it asks I don't feel I should recommend it. I, for one, will look for my dungeons elsewhere."
,Recommended,317820,17400563,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,LAPPP,"this is a good game. intersting and good music, but what is the ♥♥♥♥ing this special hidden achievement!!!Inconceivable, if you want to try"
,Recommended,317820,17123095,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TallyHo,I love this game !
76561198004576021,Recommended,317820,17113498,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Pacifist Floran,"Fun, if simplistic game.One of the few I can get to run on my old laptop with little or no extra work, so that's always a pluss."
,Recommended,317820,17116685,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mateodon,"Guild of Dungeoneering is fun, challenging and addictive, the art style is cute, the backstory is humorous.  Don't take the below criticism as disapointment, it is only my desire to make a great game even better.The pacing could use some fine tuning, there is alot of downtime between actions, and it can start to get tiresome, especially if your hero dies and you have to start the level over.  The dialog becomes more than a little samey, your hero makes a comment before every step and it doesn't take long before they start repeating lines.  The turorial is unskipable, if you chose to start over (I haven't found a total fail state yet) you'll have to sit through a good bit of unneeded hand holding before  getting into the action.An indicator as to whether the current card will affect hero-pathing would be a welcome addition.  By now I feel like I understand what will and will not alter a hero's course, yet I still occasionally waste moves on an action I was sure would redirect them.The hero panel blocks the quest objectives, this is a minor UI issue, but it's one of those things that a will drive a layout designer nuts.  Also, stop hiding my hero panel, I prefer to play with it open, but many events auto-close it for no reason.I would love the ability to customize a hero's starting deck, maybe a training room where we spend gold to swap out cards.  This would also give the game a sense of permanence, right now there is no feeling of loss when a hero dies because the replacement hero has the exact same cards and stats (I do get that they're supposed to be disposable ""chumps"", but there should be at least some penalty for letting them die)."
,Recommended,317820,17118319,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Darvius,"The game is nice, it has a lot of new mechanics that helped to keep it intresting. You may find it repetitive after a while but as long as people still say COD and BF are fun I guess the repetitive part of this game is that you can only play it for so long.New adventures and the positive feedback will probably give this game more replayability and it's kind of cheap so, I'd give it a try.If you get bored with alternative graphics and puns, don't buy it."
,Recommended,317820,17120642,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,A Zealous Sea Cucumber [음악],"Excellent game.The playstyle is slow, so you can take your time, leave and come back, or sit and think.  It's perfect if you want a slow-paced day.  The advancement, though, is incremental.  Each battle will set you ahead, but not in epic proportions.  It's a nice, linear rise in power.The art style is cute, sort of like Don't Starve.  The music is very much styled after what you might hear at a RenFair.  There's little bits of vocal commentary with each new addition and after each battle, win or lose, and it's pretty good.The playstyle is Rogue-like.  Your characters don't seem to carry and advancement from one instance of a dungeon to another; all equipment and abilities are gained inside each dungeon.  That can offer some excitement as your favorite weapons or gear pops up, and keeps things from becoming a min-max grind.  What does advance through the game is what sort of loot you can find; as you unlock that, your little Dungeoneer finds nicer and nicer things.Overall, it's a really fun game if you like something that's a turn-based game with a cutesy art style and good voice acting that will take you several dozen hours to get through.  They're also adding an ""endless"" version instead of just standard dungeons, so that ought to help replay value."
,Recommended,317820,17110671,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,StalkerDA,Very adicting well made game funny and awesome game!
76561197993734992,Recommended,317820,17115453,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Krey,"I recommend this game, but you should be aware of how much game you are buying.  I just finished it, and I've got a total of 17.8 hours played.  The 17.8 hours was fun, but I expected more.  Still, that's less than a dollar an hour.  Just be aware there's not a lot of game here if you just want to play though it once and be done.When I finished the game, I only had 3 of the 3rd level classes unlocked, all of the gear unlocked, and one of the 3rd level bonus affect items unlocked.  Don't remember how much of the other 1st and 2nd level stuff I had unlocked.  After the last mission, I got enough gold to buy most of the things I hadn't unlocked, but since you can't go back and replay any of the dungeons even after the credits have rolled, I can't do anything with what I unlocked.  Maybe that's for the expansion?  Still, would have liked to go replay old dungeons after the credits rolled just to try things out.As for the game itself, this is a deck building card game.  All the rules for deck builders apply.  It's not about the number of cards in your deck.  It's about the quality of the cards.  You want as lean a deck as possible, not one cluttered up with junk cards that hurt you more than they help when you play them.  Each class' base deck is designed with a strength in mind, usually a dungeoneer's special ability.  Pick up gear that gives you cards that play to that strength and junk the rest.  Don't take an item just to fill an empty slot.  Take the gold and use it to influence you dungeoneer's movement.Speaking of dungeoneer movement, I read about what is supposed to influence movement, but something still seems broken.  I've been on a timed mission, right next to the exit with 1 turn to go, placed gold on the exit with no monster there, and my dungeoneer still runs off to fight a level 3 monster on an unexplored tile and dies because time ran out.  The mission would have been won if he'd just moved to the exit tile with the gold and no monster.  What's that all about?Other than that, I had 2 crashes in my 17.8 hours.  Nothing I couldn't live with.So, to recap, good deck buildler.  I just wish it had lasted more than 17.8 hours.Still, given that it costs me 20+ dollars every time I go to the movies to be entertained for 2-3 hours, that doesn't make it overpriced by any means."
76561198097188312,Recommended,317820,17124255,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,苟富贵***,very interesting
,Recommended,317820,17136306,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Maverick,Awesome game! So much fun!
76561198082676000,Recommended,317820,17487363,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,unfunny meme,This game is awesome the soundtrack is amazing and the style of the game strange but cool. i would rate this game 8.5/10
,Recommended,317820,17498007,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DeGiggles,"Good game to pick up, if you need another game that is perfect for a few minutes of play at a time.  Could see how it could become a bit repetitive over time if you sat and played for long stretches.Super cute art style/design."
76561197995506262,Not Recommended,317820,18181781,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dr Mcninja,"Pre-ordered the game which came with the first expansion for free. I've followed the game for sometime, provided feedback and have beaten the original game's content. The original game lacks content/depth which I hoped the expansion would provide but sadly I cannot say that it does.The game suffers from heavy RNG which can make or break your dungeon. This comes with the combat, items that you get, and most importantly the tile cards that you draw.This RNG and the fact that the developers pretty much have a system that will kill off your dungeoneers multiple times (though my brother managed to get through with 0 deaths - original game, not the expansion), the game can feel like banging your head against a wall repeatedly.Expansion Issues:-Each item shop now has 2 more cards that are pirate based. What this means is that if you are trying to get a certain card that your dungeoneer is building for those 2 cards will make it harder to acquire them. When you have objectives that are based on rounds or enemies chasing you and whatnot this makes it harder to finish the level.-New Pirate Class is locked. You have to play through the grassland (on a new game - no pre-existing ones), deal with the increased RNG of itemization, complete 1 jungle mission while collecting the item which unlocks the new content, and then finish entire missions to unlock 1 part of the class one at a time. So if you want to play pirate from the start - you can't.-Cheat Mode: Devs have added a cheat which completes the grassland for you in a new game which gets rid of replay value because of the botched Pirate Class being locked. Plus they choose what your guild has so this can further mess up what items are available making the RNG even worse.Overall both the original game and now the expansion has issues which is sad because the concept is interesting - just poorly implemented. Even with the expansion it feels like the game is lacking and the expansion content in how you get the new class feels completely tacked on.How to fix: Instead of unlocking the class or tacking on more items on pre-existing item shops they should've just added it to the UI of the Expand Guild option and make the Pirate class available from the start. The expansion itself should have done exactly that - expanded the story rather then feel like some tacked on side mission. After the completion of the main game it should then go to Pirate's Cove.Conclusion: I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. I hoped the expansion would fix the issues in the base game but it seems that it only added more. If the devs make some much needed changes, I may revisit this review and see if it is worth changing. I'll still try to play through the expansion content - but I felt inclined to write a review before continuing on."
76561198062768811,Recommended,317820,18702419,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Michael the Mediocre,"Very RNG based. Sometimes skill just won't save you, if you are good at deck building game s skill might"
,Recommended,317820,33312486,Posted: 6 July,all,™ Æñç,what the..   where did my weekend go?
,Recommended,317820,18603610,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Inkling Rights,Great game but has more potential if it was on a mobile device as the game is easy to pick up and play. Also The Game is a little expensive for what it is but if you enjoy rogue-like games give it a try as it's one the most innovative ones out there.
,Recommended,317820,24024785,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cheshyr,"A charming Rogue-like ""board game"" with catchy tunes and a creepy narrator who takes far too much glee in my multiple, horrifying deaths. Recommended for board gamers and dungeoneers of all ages. My only regret is that too many encounters rely more on luck than strategy."
,Not Recommended,317820,18910624,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Telparion,"O'hey! A great game it isWith a visual style to bootPlenty of Sings'n songs to hearAnd even more freshness to bearBut aaafter taking gooold'n cheeseNothing is there left of your loot!Unfo'tunately lack of prooogressionIs to this game damnationA quite poor game decisionRemoving strategic addictionWith nothing but to repeatRepeat repeat repeat!You soon are just leaving..With nothing to do, but POUT!!!!==============================Sadly I can't recommend this otherwise good game, because lack of any character progression or loot progression is bad for rogueplay health. There is a strong feeling of unaccomplishment, whether you win or lose on a mission, making the game quite repetitive."
,Not Recommended,317820,19082289,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ratbuddy,"This seemed right up my alley, but It's just not fun to play. Too much RNG and not enough progression."
,Recommended,317820,19579082,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Drathek,"This game was humorous and enjoyable to play. I particularly liked the music, and the gameplay was very fun as well. However, I ended up having to stick to a small selection of dungeoneers in order to succeed at most levels. I feel that if there were maybe more ways to influence the loot table, then the other dungeoneers could be more viable and thus give more variety to the game."
,Recommended,317820,18680967,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheGreenLing,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oO4OGFFuF8&index=1&list=PL3g25GfHOMYdjDKMiJ4kRc1nBbngYtF_h
,Recommended,317820,28611155,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lady Tyger,"I love this game, it's a pain in the rear end, but it's a fun and challenging game."
76561198305648744,Recommended,317820,30302896,Posted: 3 March,all,lopsidedlollipop,"This game though tough and sometimes frustrating is great in humor refrencess gameplay and even art style though on of my very favorite things that happens is the bard that plays a song win or lose, life or death and in every senario makes you chuckle"
,Recommended,317820,29492395,Posted: 25 January,all,Mike,"This is one of my favourite games of the last year. It takes the loot based skill system which Card hunters introduced but adds in dungeons which you shape and some rogue-lite elements such as permadeath for your dungeoneers and upgrades for your guild which unlock the chance to get better loot, new character classes and other permanent or temporary boosts.I look forward to seeing more games which combine elements of ccgs and other types of turn based tactics games.Full review athttp://funnfunnystuff.blogspot.co.za/2017/01/a-z-backlog-challenge-guild-of.html"
76561198147986486,Recommended,317820,18437764,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,warriorwarren,he he
76561197980828873,Recommended,317820,28658889,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,t rexcellent,"It's light, it's creative, and it's funny. Not too hard, not too easy, just right."
,Recommended,317820,28847807,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alluz,This is a pretty fun and light roguelike without being too easy. Just like any roguelikes it has sometimes frustrating RNG on it and I have alt+f4 on this game too but the game has been designed so that you wont lose all advance you have made before death. So you still grind forward little by little even if RNG throws a spanner at you which keeps the game going.Add to the package nice aesthetic and really fun music and atmosphere and this is a very nice game for anyone who likes roguelikes. I also suggest this to others who are interested in the genre but who are scared to jump straight to the deep end.Edit: Ok so I finished the game and I have to point out a pretty big problem in the game. The third area you get into is a potential gamestopper. Even the basic enemies get powerful enough to challenge you and if you are unprepared you will have to grind to earn better classes. But even then there is a much steeper learningcurve there than it was on the first two areas.Altough this is just IMO as one of my friends said that he didn't have much trouble at the last area.But even with this edit I still stand behind the game. It is still fun to play and there is plenty of content to go through.
76561198109036484,Recommended,317820,30340199,Posted: 5 March,all,Meph,"Easy and pretty short, definitely better off on sale, but yet a fun and very enjoyable product that I firmly recommend."
76561198154948293,Recommended,317820,31693190,Posted: 11 May,all,BIG WHIFF,An amazing and surprisingly deep and varied single player card game adventure 10/10would spend 15 minutes combo killing one boss with the cartomancer again
,Recommended,317820,33024205,Posted: 29 June,all,Phoenix Person,Great game. however a bit odd i cant redo old quests to gain some gold. still pretty cute and good artwork will be buying DLC soon
,Recommended,317820,22228712,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Barkie_Mailman,"I have a hard time calling this game a card game. For me I'd primarily call it a turn based rogue-lite (with a card style battle system). The RPG elements are fairly minimal as well. You can put on new equipment during a dungeon run, but that only gives you some extra cards, health, or a unique ability.I really like the unlockable characters and their unique strategies. The game difficulty seemed to be just right for me as well. It took about 17 hours to finish the single player campaign, and I'm actually still wanting to play more so I bought the DLC right away.The strategy can be fairly deep as well. Late in the game you can have quite a few active abilites. In my last game I had the following:-Negate all damage if I'm only receiving 1.-Deal 1 magic damage to the enemy if I receive 3 or more-Deal 1 damage if I can block all damage in 1 turnThe enemy also has quite a few unique abilites, so it's quite a bit to keep in mind as you make your moves.All in all, this game has a lot of great elements. I'd mainly recommend it to people who like Rogue Legacy or FTL."
,Recommended,317820,18216543,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,csdaley,Thisgame shouldn't be as good as it is. I couldn't stop playing tonight. Easy to pick up but hard to master. As I am heading off to sleep tonight I am replaying several mistakes in my head abd wondering how I will lead my little minions to greater glory.
76561197970487396,Recommended,317820,32958396,Posted: 28 June,all,Yaladdar,Good little game.
76561198040187401,Not Recommended,317820,19289061,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pissrat,"Fun game for something short to play in between doing other things.  There is no real punishment for losing a Dungeoneer in a mission, and they never (permanently) get any stronger.  All experience and items are reset to zero every new mission which feels kind of pointless.  The only real progression in the game is building more rooms in your guild hall which is much less rewarding than it sounds, and unlocking new missions.  The missions also get stupidly difficult later in probably because there is no real penalty for failing.  This has the effect of making winning feel more like blind luck of the RNG of what items you happen to find and what moves you get and your enemy decides to use rather than any sort of skill or strategy on the part of the player.Like I said, it's kind of fun but I wouldn't buy again.  Save your money for something else."
76561198127529070,Recommended,317820,20495200,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dead Meme CSGO-SKINS.COM,7/10
,Recommended,317820,21797726,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,halestorm01,"I read many reviews about this game being repetitive and luck based before playing. I can see where they are coming from but it's a lot more than that. This game has a lot of strategy behind it. How you go through a dungeon can greatly impact each fight. If you enjoy tactics games then this may bee something worth checking out. If you get board easily with games that require careful planning, then you may not have as much fun.Overall I recommend it. The music is charming, the design is enjoyable, and the gameplay while it is slow, is quite addicting."
76561197967217779,Recommended,317820,17095900,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,tryop,"Quite addictive and challenging, despite the disarming cutesy cartoon look and feel.  I found myself going back over a particularly difficult dungeon run several times despite my chumps dying by the handful.  I like the mechanic that you have to start each dungeon from scratch essentially (with some bling provided from your guild) and slowly build up your character through successive battles to have a shot completing the dungeon objectives."
76561198056077816,Not Recommended,317820,17071028,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ducklan,"This game has promise, but there's a lot problems I have with it. The first problem I have with this game is the way it rewards you. The truth is that the game doesn't really reward players for going through the dungeons. Each dungeon you enter starts your character completely fresh.After you've defeated a creature in the dungeon you gain equiptment. After the dungeon is completed all that loot you've gained from that dungeon is taken away. Eventually you're back at your guild with nothing really to show for it. Sure you're able to upgrade your guild, but really all upgrading does is add more characters for you to play as. The difference between characters is fairly small. They all have cute different card titles. but a lot of the abilities on the card are the same as other classes. The classes in this game, don't really feel like they're getting stronger as you get further in the game. Improving your guild is pretty pointless and all the other characters don't seem to improve the game much. This game suffers from an overly simplistic card game mechanic and that's really where the game threw me off from truly enjoying my experience. Building your own dungeon was something that I thought was the most unique part of this game. The only issue with making your own dungeon, is that the movement in this game happens to be very on rails. You're not allowed to choose the part of the duneon you want go through. It tells you ahead of time where you'll be walking, but it's by force the way it puts you through a dunegon. I wish I had more control in where I moved in the dungeons and that my room placements weren't just to waste my turn. The game still has promise, but it needs more rewarding factors as well as more different card variety. It's still worth a look at, but at a much lower price."
76561197969919209,Recommended,317820,17070763,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,PolyhedRON SWANSON,"This game is great!I first saw this game on a AVGN segment and it piqued my interest.I have to say, for how simple the gameplay is, there's a depth being achieved here that I didn't expect. I only hope I didn't squander my early game money spreading around the buildings, as I didn't know dungeons weren't re-visitable. But now that I know better, upgrading the guild, and planning out my explorations are great fun, just in the strategy stage alone.It's indy games like this that make me more than happy to drop full-price for a game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,317820,34912130,Posted: 12 September,all,youtube.com/c/TheRockShowIsOn,Buy this if you want to brag to your friends how you play pen and paper games 10/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6DGazKN7vA
76561198085108148,Recommended,317820,19680215,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Shad0wn3r,The Humor in winning or losing a run is well worth the play time to achieve a minion with decent battle scars
,Recommended,317820,19864373,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Fun dungeon crawler with an art style taken literally from pen & paper and a TCG battle system.
,Recommended,317820,19938074,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sir Artorias,This is one of few games i play only to hear that bard.
76561198039690622,Recommended,317820,19898138,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,pendragonfankid,"Wonderfully obnoxious and self-aware, dungeon crawl meets card game. You will get screwed over by card draws, and be prepared for it, after all the Guild of Dungeoneering is where horrifically inept adventurers go to die. The quips that the narator gives make it even better."
,Recommended,317820,31407749,Posted: 27 April,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"To me, this kinda feels like a single player board game type thing. The randomness is a large reason why. It's a bit cute, a bit cruel, and pretty damn fun."
76561198022011065,Recommended,317820,25076796,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jace,"I got a chance to try this game a couple years ago at a game show in Dublin and loved the simple yet entertaining aspects of the game. I just now got the chance to pick it up, and I am so glad I did. The cute graphics make the death of your Dungeoneers less hurtful, but you can't help but want only the best for the little chumps. It can be a fantastic time killer, while still being challenging and frustrating. All in all this is a great game and I look forward to seeing where it goes from here."
76561197970281251,Not Recommended,317820,19139701,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,"I LOVE the atmosphere, art, and general concept (a rogue-like deckbuilding game)... but unfortunately the core combat game is painfully simple, luck-intensive, and repetitive.  If there was some interesting decisions to be made in combat, this would be amazing.  If you could play Dream Quest (a TERRIBLE looking but otherwise better implementation of this basic idea) but with this game's art, that would be a crazy good game."
,Not Recommended,317820,29162795,Posted: 10 January,all,Winter Owl,"Still no Steam Cloud support, despite having promised over 1,5 years ago. I just lose interest transferring my save files for my other computer after every bit of play."
76561198120528456,Recommended,317820,24898931,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MrMcFuppleDuckle,"Pros: The game play is fantastic, the music is nice, it looks good, and the plot is simple but is still nice. Cons: I want to punch the narrator. Result: Guild of Dungeoneering would be overall okay if it weren't for that amazing game play. this game is great 8/10 Go buy it.Seriously I need to punch that narrator."
76561198015216311,Recommended,317820,34636857,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,Simple & addictive.
76561198091906696,Not Recommended,317820,17116834,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DAXCPOFG,The game is entertaining for the first ten minutes and then quickly gets boring. it has a very repetitive plot base and the idea of creaing your own dungeon is not what it seems like.
76561197992354806,Not Recommended,317820,17120168,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Possibly a Tyrant,Very repetative. There really isn't any advancement between rounds because you always reset to level one when you enter  a dungeon. It also felt like there was little point to what parts of the dungeon you put where.
,Not Recommended,317820,26253028,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Geofferic,"Do you like losing fights because there is no means to win, based on the random starting position? Do you get more excited when that means losing you character entirely?This is the game for you!A cute, but frustrating and poorly designed ""rogue-lite"" (if you want to stretch the definition to the point of breaking) that's not worth the cost of admission."
,Not Recommended,317820,17064485,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ezraen,"I love the idea. I love the art. I love the cards. Making dungeons is fun, and the tutorial dungeon is fun.It's after the very first dungeon it all falls apart. There is no actual progression for your characters. They lose everything after each dungeon, so you have to rely on upgrading yhour base to get anywhere. The first tier characters are entirely without any worth and will only take up space further along the game, I can only imagine the same thing happens to second tier characters too. First tier characters easily get steamrolled in dungeons as you don't have any direct control over them, their AI is absolutely horrendous. There is a path to go around a decay fountain, they will still go straight through that debuff and QUESTION ME for doing so. I place some gold to divert them from the end goal because they're not strong enough to fight yet, they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ they rush to their death and my loss.The idea is good on paper, but the execution is pretty bad. I'm sure there are people who like this sort of masochistic cranium-against-brick wall ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I'm just not one of those people. I got a refund and I will spend that money on something else."
76561198005572605,Recommended,317820,17046081,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Dready,"Only half an hour in but this is shaping up to being fantastic fun! Roguelike, ccg etc labels aside this game does have a freshness about it that I can see myself coming back to time and time again.The music/songs whilst you play are funny and I'm enjoying the art style.All in all glad I just went out and bought this without reading up on it.I will update this review once I have put a few hours into the game."
76561197966620466,Not Recommended,317820,17095176,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MrWofu,"I would love to recommend this game to my friends, but not yet; not in its current state.It took me ~15 hours to complete, which barely breaks even with the 1€ / hour rule, and have zero interest to play it again. It's not fair to compare this to time-sinks like Binding of Isaac, DayZ or (god forbid) even CS, but the real tragedy here is that this _could_ be so much better (and hopefully will be in a few months).The biggest problem with the game is repetition, no replayability and lack of difficulty once you have the proper unlocks.The game even taunts you with the lack of new-game+, by giving you 10.000 gold at the very end (alot), but no levels to play with; you can't even replay any dungeon you have completed.Right now, there is proper framework, which will give you a few hours of enjoyment. Hopefully, the developers will build on this framework and add more content in the near future. Until then, wait for the next sale and grab it cheap."
,Not Recommended,317820,17072746,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cardassia Did Nothing Wrong,"You fight monsters in a dungeon to get better equipment so you're not level/rank one at can fight the boss/what's protecting the objective, but you for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason the characters throw away the weapons/equipment they get in the dungeon when you leave it, so they return back to level/rank one for every new dungeon you go into.This is annoying because dungeons progressively have harder enemies while you keep getting shoved back to level one. The only way around this buying equipment, but you need gold to do that, and my dungeoneers keep dying because they're being put against level/rank 3 enemies in the new parts of the dungeon sections I unlock, while being shoved back to level/rank one, making gold difficult to come by unless. I don't think I can go back and redo the other parts of the dungeon to farm gold, I didn't see the option to do it.So basically you don't get stronger while the enemies keep doing. You don't keep your equipment so you start off with bad attacks/blocks.This is a really, really bad mechanic. I'm basically replacing the character after every dungeon because they start off at the beginning rank every single time.It's not a bad idea, it's even fun at the beginning, but it very much needs improvement in order to gain recommendation. It is not worth the $15 price tag it's asking for. Wait until its $5, or at least until they improve the game."
,Recommended,317820,17049845,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Iah,"The More you play, more u will discover good idea in the gameplay.The Design is awesome, the music too, so i'm in !"
76561197973805114,Not Recommended,317820,33431405,Posted: 10 July,all,GraveyBrains,"I'm probably missing the point on this one, but I'm not seeing the appeal of endless failure. I haven't played that long, but I've already lost count of the number of times I've wiped on the very first monster I see. And the cute little songs just get infurating real fast."
76561198045186475,Not Recommended,317820,17055403,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zelnorf,"This game had a lot of hype, and I don't feel it lived up to it.  It has some great and unique ideas, but it isn't a great game.  It feels buggy in some areas, and reacts slow to input on the menus.  It feels almost like an early access game which is honestly what I feel it should be right now.  I will update review if game gets patched and feels better.Over all 5/10 - Wait to buy it until it goes on sale."
76561198074358767,Recommended,317820,17046687,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Potato Patrick♥,"So the game is exactly as advertised. Idk why some people are disliking it... This is v1 of an indie game, come on guys. I like the game and have fun with it. Dont listen to the haters.11/10 would name everyone Bob again."
,Recommended,317820,17046069,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Otunga™,"Ok, so at the time of this review I have played like 20 minutes of the game and I am going to list the good points and also the bad points:+Amazing Soundtrack+Really fun to play+Addicting+Great art style-No video options-No sound sliders only a button that when you rapid click turns the volume down-Capped at 30 FPS (This is PC not console, why do this?)So they updated the game with a hotfix, there are now more pros than cons since playing this game further and after the update....recommending this now. Great job on a fast fix for fullscreen issues."
76561198133388057,Not Recommended,317820,17113584,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[aCe]Sonata,Wouldt say rpg. or dungeon crawler myself.found it boring after 20min and kinda pointless..just avoid it and get hand of fate instead..
76561198063706424,Not Recommended,317820,17070742,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,dandence,"I was sucked in by the clever songs and cute artwork, but if there is any progression to be found, I haven't seen it it ~4 hours played."
76561198011635974,Not Recommended,317820,17078375,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Guilty Man,"PROSGood theme, nice design, amusing sound track and narrator.CONSLittle variety, little control, missing features, lacking in depth, obfuscated mechanics, mostly linier progression, minimal interactivity.THOUGHTSThe developers have promised more features and content later down the line, I would wait and see,"
76561198028391718,Not Recommended,317820,17072328,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Penultimate,"Looking to play a game completely based on luck and even reading what the monsters traits are happen to be little help? This game is for you, it erfing awesome youll love it trust me"
,Not Recommended,317820,17078251,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Bastwood,"A card-based RPG-lite where you're essentially playing as the dungeon master, constructing the lairs out of cards with the goal of getting your little adventurer to successfully complete it. You don't control your hero directly, but you do have to fight his/her battles in simple and frequent card duels.The big problem with the game is that it feels very, very grindy. You don't build any kind of a connection with your heroes since they're entirely disposable and their stats and loot are wiped clean between every 5-15 minute run. The only lasting commodity is gold, which you use to buy some rather expensive card upgrades and new character classes.The classes offer some variation to the gameplay, but not nearly enough. The combat mechanics are way too simplistic to offer any kind of challenge or reward after doing them for the 100th time. If and when you fail, the game is also quick to taunt you with various tunes that quickly turn annoying and make you question the point of kicking the player while he's down.I liked the aesthetics of the game initially, but even the graphical side the game ends up offering very little variation. It's all just doing the same thing over and over again. Maybe buy this when it's on sale, but don't expect anything special."
76561198050199422,Not Recommended,317820,17082325,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,orbitalmindcontrol,"This game looks lovely: the art style had me hooked from the first time I saw the trailer for the game and I like the simple dungeon questing mechanics, with the twist that you build the dungeon instead of controlling the dungeoneer.I started playing and was at first charmed by the funny songs that accompany your progress, but after hearing the same ""You died"" song for the Nth time, I muted the music and now it won't come back on, one of many bugs for the game (others are the dungeoneer card freezing on screen when you abandon a dungeon and the trophy room not showing you the trophy cards for more than a split second.)The card based combat is great, really the best implementation of strategic combat I've seen in a roguelike ever, but as you play on it becomes clear that the game is 90% grinding: you will assault the same dungeon over and over and over, with literally no hope of beating it, just because you need the coins to afford the next upgrade that might just help you... or not if you don't choose the right upgrade, so back to grinding.There are numerous features the game really needs, like a quick replay buttom so that you can instantly play the same dungeon again instead of having to click through 6 different buttons to get back to it; also, some trackers for the current build-up of extra damage that you or your opponent have would be brilliant, but as it is you just have to hope you've remembered it correctly. I'd also like a way to study the cards in the different hero & monster decks between battles so: it seems a shame that you only get a glimpse of them randomly in battles, it would be nice to have them laid out all at once for strategic planning between battles, such as picking the best dungeoneer for the job before you go back into the same dunegon again.Overall, this is a nice idea for a game, with some great mechanics, but the balance of effort-to-reward is way, way off and the whole thing feels more like an Early Access game than a finished product. You should buy it if dungeoneering is your thing, but you will need bottomless reserves of patience to actually finish the game.Review Update: 24/3/2016The major bugs I mentioned above have all been addressed, so the mute button works properly, cards don't freeze, trophys display properly, etc.It would have been nice to see the quick replay feature by now, as it's still frustrating that your attempt to siege a particular dungeom until you beat it has such cumbersome interruptions as you get told about new Dungeoneers joining your guild, which also rearranges the dungeoneers in your queue; that's even more annoying when you beat a dungeon and want to go onto the next one with the same Dungeoneer, since you have to remember to reselect them.The new features that have been added tend to make the game even more frustrating: you beat a Dungeon and your reward is that your Dungeoneer gets worse half the time? No thanks. The Guild rooms you earn that give your guild-members +1 life are a nice touch, making early classes viable for longer, and some more ways of upgrading a class would be more use than a random upgrade/downgrade to a single hero.Fundamentally, the game strategy still suffers heavily from randomness, e.g. when you're in a dungeon with a limited number of turns but you fail it because you get no Rooms that will connect your starting point to the objective in time. Also, in the non-timed dungeons, often the best strategy is to do nothing and that can never be a good thing in any game, when it's better to 'miss your turn' than to play any of the cards you are dealt.On the plus side, the combat mechanics are a ton of fun and it's that part that keeps me coming back for more: the deck building aspect is very enticing, it's just a shame that the selection you get is random. The Boss Rematch options have made the game a lot more agreeable, giving you some option to collect treasure and possibly even get some useful Scars for a Dungeoneer.So, art work & graphic design: excellent.Music: excellent (especially since you can now mute the bard's songs!)Combat strategy: really excellent!The actually dungeoneering & progression: a bang-your-head-on-the-wall chore."
,Not Recommended,317820,21013653,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Andrew,BORING
76561198049129388,Recommended,317820,17071337,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,grizewof,"Just tried it for a short while and found it very addictive, but had to cut myself off so I get a proper night sleep! Will be back to it later.Great work Colm & company.FG"
76561197977416122,Recommended,317820,17069840,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,elliam,"It's cute, and appears to be well executed.I won't play it often, so it feels a little overpriced. It would make a good multiplayer game, either coop or versus."
76561198003270678,Not Recommended,317820,17086415,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Satyre,"This game has a good premise and I like the idea.The grindiness of this game is to a STUPID level however as you stand a good chance of dying constantly.I have got to a point in the game where even my more advanced classes cannot with the resources they have available complete a single mission.  I have tried 20 plus times and often die without even winning a combat.This a shame as the game has some good ideas but is, for me tuned to a difficulty level that is only designed to frustrate and anger.Unless you are a masochist DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!"
76561198004051827,Not Recommended,317820,17086257,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rick bot,cool but very quickly extremely repetitive
,Not Recommended,317820,17104278,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,tubasteve,"I played it for 90 minutes. It just didn't seem deep enough fast enough to keep my interest, so I returned it for Steam Wallet credit so I can buy something I would enjoy more. Rather simplistic for $15 in my opinion."
,Recommended,317820,18106918,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Enef,"Honestly, despite my low time played, this is one of the smartest buys for the price. Very addictive and very inventive.More people should play this game, it's utterly fantastic."
,Recommended,317820,17092651,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Devil's advocate,"I watched the video Jesse Cox did of this game and was immediately sold. I HAD to get that sweet sexy soundtrack! I love Irish music, and ""Follow Me down to Carlow"" which the songs seem to borrow the melody from is simply one of the best. I want to leave the game running just to listen to the menu song.I bought it last evening evening and I already have 108 min in the game. They did an amazing job with this game. Simple and challenging, very easily approachable, but I have already noticed some dungeneers are better at certain areas than others. That combined with the perk bonus and the randomness of the maps and the semi-perma-death aspect makes the game VERY deep, and I could see countless hours being enjoyed in game very easily. The enemies have proven very challenging as well.TL;DR: 10/10 There is nothing to dislike."
76561198013518092,Not Recommended,317820,17099322,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Nightingale,"THe Guild of Dungeoneering is a really, REALLY simplistic game. Pretty much you watch as some vengeful♥♥♥♥♥♥ who was kicked out of his previous guild, tries to get revenge and be better than his last. That involves building his own guild and then hiring nimrods who are (According to the game) dense, stupid, greedy, and all-around feeble. Not a great cast huh? Well, it doesn't matter because all the characters you unlock are expendable and when they die, it just pops out another for you to use. No penalty. None. I'm nut even sure that 'leveling' a character (or whatever it tracks outside the dungeons) actually matters other than what gets written on their tombstone.Now, the game isn't stupidly difficult. No, instead it relies on a fantastic random number generator that, even with a high level character (They level in dungeons), a great hand, a good strategy, and all the patience in the world IT COULD ALL GO UP IN FLAMES. All progress on that quest lost and POOF. Start over. Mook dead. Aww well.The problem is that this ""quest, level, die, repeat"" thing has me wonder if I'm not missing SOMETHING. I feel like my mooks could be stronger or something. I beat the first dungeon and a handful of quests, but the rest just curb stomp me with crap luck.The art style is neat, it looks handdrawn, but oddly enough ALL the characters look female. Even the first mook it give you, despite it may be a man, has visible boobs. What's up with that? Otherwise, the characters fall under the typical ""Jack, Warrior, Mage, Thief, Bard (Or mime)"" formula where Jacks are the crap starter, warriors are all physical, thiefs have potent extra effects, mages use magic, and bards (or mimes) use a mix of magic and physical. It's nothing new or revolutionary.I wish I could give this game like a middling score. I would say 6/10, the graphics are neat, the premise (simple but effective) works, but the faux difficult keeps me from trying and failing repeatedly. So, yeah, 6/10.Would I recommend it? Probably not."
76561198045729996,Recommended,317820,17053315,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MagneticRailgun,"Appear to be simple and slow-tempo at first, but choosing gear, routes, and enemies do require some tactical thinking...The drawing is nothing splendid but fits the game really well, plus the awesome narration and relaxing music, best game to play when seeking a joyful break from some intense gaming."
76561198031672164,Recommended,317820,17053514,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,norker77,"The music is awesome!!! (There is a snarky bard that sings about your progress) Love the artstyle and the humor.There are some very interesting design choices that seem weird at first, but I've grown to love. Your dungeoneers (""aka minions"") allways start without equipment and at level one when they enter a dungeon. This means no need to grind xp/gear and no need to train up a new dungeoneer when one dies.The dungeoneer classes (13 of them) are very varied and are all fun to play.Easy to jump in, but still requiring some thinking. Deeper then I expected and tons more fun (and I expected a lot of fun from the streams I saw)."
,Recommended,317820,17055352,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Taxes,"I only played for a few hours today, but it was totally unintentional. I meant to just play for 30 mintues while I was waiting on lunch, and then ... I got hooked.I think the most intriguing part to me is that there's little persistence outside of the main guild hall that you're building up. Through the guild hall, you can attract different classes of adventurers and affect the kind of loot that becomes available in dungeons. But every time you go on an adventure, your hero starts back at level 1 and every dungeon starts anew. This makes it very strategic on a micro-level, where it becomes less about long-term resource management and more about figuring out the puzzles in each dungeon. You even start with full health in each battle, making it a fight of outwitting each opponent individually.The dungeons start out easy and ramp up quickly, demanding a very thoughtful process to complete some of them. The objectives also change up from dungeon to dungeon to keep things interesting. After a few hours, I'm still finding new challenges with each dungeon without the game necessarily throwing in new mechanics or power creep.This is a very refreshing game with a new kind of play style that I've not been exposed to before. It's enjoyable and addictive, and I really recommend you give it a try as it's difficult to express in words just how fun it can be."
76561198009180059,Recommended,317820,17060451,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,tgrow,"Fun little game, although a bit fustrating dying all the time x) Very addictive!"
,Recommended,317820,17060573,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ciphernull,"Fantastic little game. Full of charm, great soundtrack and surprisingly deep CCG-style card combat.You run a guild of adventurers, which you then send into dungeons to gather loot, complete quests, and gain glory for your guild. Of course, many of them will die along the way, but not to worry, you have amazing recruitment posters, and there's always somesuckerchumpgullible foolbrave adventurer ready to take the place of your fallenloot farmersheroes."
76561197960689722,Recommended,317820,17053426,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AshMaker,"Game is fun and a nice change of pace.  However, I can see it getting boring as combat can feel slow and there isn't too much depth to the battle mechanics.  Buy if <$10"
76561197967970637,Recommended,317820,17058490,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,neurotoxicity,"Beautiful. Fun. Engaging. Cute. Charming. Unique.Play this if you like: DnD with a twist, bite-sized challenge, something a bit different, growing a character, if-this-then-that type of thoughtful play.Don't play this if you: Want fast action, like direct control of your journey, need to show off your GTX Watercooled, OC Beast of a PC."
76561198025661317,Recommended,317820,17050325,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Quozl,"Fun game that's hard to describe. Card based combat mechanics, guild building, dungeon crawling, but you don't control the little dungeoneers rather you build the dungeon around them and try to avoid horribly killing them."
76561197994319419,Recommended,317820,17059647,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tenno Hyena,Absolutly fun little dungeon Runner.The core of the game is understanding the deckbuilding that comes from items and Heroes.How come my graveyard is so full of Gravestones... So So many bad card draws.
76561198006848587,Recommended,317820,17059132,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,StormReavan,"Fun to play on a whim, or if you have a few moments to spare.  The gameplay is quick, the music is cheesy and lighthearted, and the build-your-own dungeon mechanics are interesting.I didn't really like how expendable your dungeoneers (I like to refer to them as minions) are.  You complete a level, they reset to level one and then repeat on another dungeon that's of higher level.  If all dungeons reset as well so that your minions had a fighting chance, it'd be okay, or even if the minions retained the loot they collected from the previous raid, that'd be okay too.  But as it stands, your looking to run through a TON of minions so don't get attached to them.Overall, not to shabby a game, just make it so that my minions are meaningful to me instead of expendable labor and it'd be great!"
76561198044521778,Not Recommended,317820,26271433,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Moula,"nice soundtrack and interesting graphic, but very frustrating and repetetive. kind of ""old school"" dungeon with no difficulty selection available. heroes die again and again, equipment from dungeons is lost every time you finish the dungeon so you start again and again as a total newbie. no chance to flee from battle or leave dungeon. you just have to die. many dungeons have to be finished within few turns (limited number of turns, monster going after you) - no possibility to level up enough and find proper gear. not recomended"
76561198043492453,Recommended,317820,17068173,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[LK]lkhelben,Amazing Game
76561198046611139,Recommended,317820,17063532,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,HowlingCoffee,"One word: Fun. Fun was had. I love this game's quirky attitude to dungeoneering. You own the guild and build the dungeons, but you don't get to tell your dungeoneer where to go.  You can bribe and cajole him though, with the promise of wealth, glory or death. As long as you take the time to understand his psyche. Dungeoneers are a crazy lot. So you need to be crazier. You need to learn to be better at the game through the delicious process of repeatedly dying when you make bad decisions with your cards. Think before you act. You'll be surprised how well that works! What else about the game I love?  The irreverent writing. The cheeky puns. The endearing artwork. The spirited music.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get back to the guild. I have a big twig in my hand and I know how to use it. 8D"
76561198144267313,Recommended,317820,17097796,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Spiff,"This is not a typical Roguelike. The hero starts each quest at level 1 with no items. Many people expect character progression, but this game is not balanced for that. It is a fun game, but if people are expecting something else they will miss what this game has to offer."
76561198083316304,Not Recommended,317820,17215570,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,gray,"Game is good. Price for the game is not. You can go and buy 5 games with more content and better gameplay for same money on steam.This game should be 2$ at most, or should have much more depth and content to get more positive review."
,Recommended,317820,17061640,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Vexituz,"i sent them to the death...i sent them to their own graveyard...and yet, their gold still mine...10/10 will always sent someone to death for gold!===================================great idea, great gameplay, great music, but no climax..."
76561198040852698,Recommended,317820,17062978,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Benjaman,Simply amazeballs.
,Recommended,317820,17063186,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ektrix,its amazing  and the game has his own theme song in the main menu :D
,Not Recommended,317820,18127895,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jackle,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, I really did.It's advertised at my job, I have seen it on the front page a couple of times, it was even on sale today as well.The thing is, I just don't understand it.Guild of Dungeoneering puts you in ""control"" of a small guild of adventurers that seek gold in gems in near by dungeon(?). At the start of the quest your deal about 5 cards that can be either rooms, gold, or monsters and you must place atleast 3 cards down every turn and try to lure your adventurer to the room/place you want him to go. If you encounter a monster you enguage in a turn-based card battle with various attacks and skills which can be changed depending on buffs, cards, location, etc. Once you have completed you quest you return to your guild with spoils which you can use to purchase upgrades and new room for new adventurers.I had to stop play after an hour or so. My friends that have the game tell me to give it a few more hours to ""get into it"", which I don't understand. If I can't get into it after an hour, why keep playing a game that I don't enjoy?Some people like to put this game in the rouge-like section with the fact that once an adventurer dies, well, there dead. Sadly, the only thing that seems to make one adventurer diffrent from another is class and name, Besides that, there all the same with the same standard deck build.Another reason I will not say this game is a rouge-like is because when you die in a rouge-like, it's normally your fault. You didn't plan accordingly, you didn't do something in the order that it should have been done, YOU ♥♥♥♥ed up!While in GoD, you have no control over the cards in your base deck. Buying upgrades to your guild adds new weapon in armor cards in the dungeon and can't be added to anyone beforehand. The game then throws monsters with cards that seem more than unfair at most times, if not just bottom line cheating.Outside of the unfair Rouge-like elements, the game fails to offer anything new, with the only good thing to come out of it is the soundtrack, which seems to fit with the theme of failure.All-in-all, save your money for something else, there are tons of other games on Steam that are better then this."
,Recommended,317820,17054466,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,potato_fishy,"Initial Thoughts:Great sound track, addicting simple to learn gameplay, and a visual aesthetic somewhere between chibi and 80's pen & paper rpgs."
76561198055174776,Recommended,317820,17055998,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Brobotic,"This game is kinda like a CG, with the randomness of the cards control the dungeon as well as what you fight and earn within the dungeon. No two runs are ever the same, maybe similar, or familiar... but never the same!"
76561197971521424,Recommended,317820,17053522,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,slippie,Big board game fan especially anything to do with dungeon exploration. I'm a sucker for deck builders and then you throw in the theme and I'm sold.
76561198031790778,Recommended,317820,17055365,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,hebajuba,super fun and unique game10/10 would send stupid dungeoneers to their deaths again
76561197994069683,Recommended,317820,17055783,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,martin.kaizer,Good job devs. Funny game.
,Recommended,317820,17055817,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Netrunner,Just one more turn... DAMM YOU
,Recommended,317820,17058743,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Would you have a fun while playing that game ? Yes.  I love the art. Feel like the little cousin of Munchkin on computer.Still, it miss a little something for a even greater experience. Not enough card or maybe the combat system is too simple. They are adding some polishing espacially for the guild. I think it will add up to something really nice.Even if its not perfect, buy it, you won't regret it !8/10"
76561198010790599,Recommended,317820,17049839,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,mail,"Went to EGX in London specifically to tryout the Demo of this game. Throughout the day I kept going back to play and try and win a t-shirt, its a seriously frustrating game in a good way. The released game is brilliant and funny, where you need to carefully play the cards in your hand during battles as well as directing your Dungeoneer around the dungeon by strategically dropping tiles. *Hint* not always plotting a direct path pays off. Be prepared to die alot and have a few laughs trying to win. Nice features of growing your clan base after succeeding in missions with the gold you have gathered. Also the Cemetary is a nice touch, there is an ever growing number of dead making this thier home.... I can see me playing this when needing to relax and unwinde.Brilliant game would recommend to everyone."
,Recommended,317820,17056021,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Miguel Rossington,"It's a Rogue-lite that you DM with cards on graph paper. If that doesn't sell you on it, then it's probably just not your type of game."
76561198190557227,Recommended,317820,17060897,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Logurt,"This game can be played for hours!! Yes, it can be repetitive, but beyond that it is brilliant. The soundtrack is great, the artwork is beautiful, there is really nothing to truly hate about this game."
,Recommended,317820,17061018,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,karadiska,"This game is very nice indeed, but there´s only one point (and maybe a huge one) that im still try to accept.The game its all about luck.You can say anything, but yes, its all about luck.If you dont pick the right equips, for the right ocasions, with the ""right"" monster dif progression and also have the luck to dont get/pass a debuf... then you have a chance to win.You can die anytime, even if you are powerfull enough to beat that monster you already have beaten many times.But... but... for sure... sometimes you get overpowered and slam the door, but its rare, very rare.I dont recommend this game for bald people."
76561197971050697,Recommended,317820,17050432,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,HellfireNell,"Love this Game , Simple enough for any one and fun enough to keep you going for a long time ..."
,Recommended,317820,17095330,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,gilren,"Very charming and fun game!  This game is not a ""treadmill"" of repeating the same content because you are chasing an upgrade, it is instead a game similar to frogger.  You play not because it's different or there is some big goal at the end, but because it is simply fun to play.  The charm, aesthetic and so much more make this game truly fun to play.Pros: The aesthetic is amazing, the music, the well written punny dialogCons: Repetitive once you understand the core game play loop, Simple mechanics"
,Recommended,317820,17096833,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MeltyKiss,"I've been playing this game since they put up the pre-alpha build and it's still as much fun hours later as it was during that first launch.It's a game where you have to build the dungeon (placing the dungeon layout tiles, monsters, and treasure) while a member from your guild explores. Although you can't dictate where your adventurer explores, you can tempt them to move in a certain direction by placing treasure or monsters that they can kill. The game has a bit of RNG with the cards you receive, but you eventually learn to minimize the amount of randomness, but that can turn some players off and get frustrating at times.Definitely recommended! :)"
,Recommended,317820,17057326,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,FateFoxy,"Its a good game however due to the recent release,it still does not have much content,however this game has huge potential and i believe it will come soon in patches.Buy this game if you want to watch how it developes,however if you are looking for a deep game u will have to waitCons-Lack of depth-Lack of system controls-Slow-pacedPros-Alot of potential-Community and game devs are friendly-Graphics are good-Storyline is decent"
,Recommended,317820,17055712,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"This is the Guild of Dungeoneering, with heroes and monsters ever sneering, a game full of cards and a bard that's singing so cough up $15 and you'll be singing about the Guild of Dungeoneering!9/10 Was a fan by the time the opening song finished and the Bard just keeps getting more and more funny. Lots of various cards, immediately entertaining and cleverly put together. We'll see, over time, how the game expands on its premise but so far; worthy of $15 if not $20 based on opening gameplay features."
76561198070220767,Recommended,317820,17095530,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,slutgirl0099,"Not expensive, Not a bad choice to buy. Ok you get only reasonnable amount of  fun for your money but that's ok to me as you can try different strategy and heroes.But it still lack some content to be a full game according to me."
,Recommended,317820,17048944,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,myridiann,dat game musics... 10/10
,Recommended,317820,17047338,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"When I was a kid I used to sit in class and doodle this kind of stuff in my school books,the idea of building the dungeon around your adventurer is very cool, I have played for nearly a couple of hours and can see I going to enjoying this game a whole lot. The strategy involved is kind of cool too.And come on guys , give them a break with the negative review's over such trivial stuff, which they have said they are going to fix asap.Contender for indie game of the year in my book. Go buy it now ! 10/10"
,Recommended,317820,23800705,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Storyteller,An awesome card-based game.
76561198046147679,Recommended,317820,17103658,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Oblivious,"This game is verry entertaining, it is simply, imagine you have dungeoneer's that you have to level up and you assist them by making the dungeon arround them and then you rule the fights. All of it is card based, but dont be alarmed as it is funny card based. It turns the macabre subject of death in a dungeon into a laughing experiance."
,Recommended,317820,17101847,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CannibalSmiles,"Enjoying it! I would like to see more variety, but overall it is really fun"
76561198088103020,Recommended,317820,17102284,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JunMeowMing,I find dying from this game quite amusing...Would die again 10/10
,Recommended,317820,17102492,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Chaincat,"I was able to beat the game in 17ish hours (though the first few of them were spent learning not to reuse names) and at a $15 price point, I certainly got my dollar/hour. A bit sad there isn't any post-game content to keep me going (like an endless dungeon or an infinitely repeatable quest?) Especially since there's an entire quadrant of the map where stuff could be but isn't.I did notice quite a few balancing issues, namely the dwarven explosives having more skills than some level 3 enemies in the same area. Also it is very easy to break the game with the arcane skill tree, since nothing in the game normally hits higher than 3 (and only a few bosses can hit for 4 once per cycle) you can effectively get infinite HP and unlimited damage, especially so with the Alchemist and Mathemagician who both have their own damage buffs and are generally easy to use on their own. This game breaking becomes especially apparent with the cartomancer who, when combined with arcane 4 and the ""wise"" effect, becomes an unkillable and unstoppable death machine who can hit enemies for 13 damage without damage buffs and can effectively attain infinite damage with enough patience due to the ""Focus"" card in the Arcane set.That said, I also found a few classes were notably underpowered and simply unable to do some missions without getting a perfect and lucky run, namely the Ranger, Artificer, Berserker and the Most Holy Grail Knight."
76561197961416830,Not Recommended,317820,17119454,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,A Cruel Shade [e],It was fun for awhile until you realize you have to constantly grind quests to make any headway. Started out with a few different upgrading strategies and the result became the same.
,Not Recommended,317820,17121763,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,necuz,"Very charming, but way too random for me to enjoy."
,Recommended,317820,17103493,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SurpriseTRex,"Fantastic game, challenging but still easy to jump into. Good fun trying to lure your dungeoneer away from the monster he definitely can't kill right now but really wants to have a go at.The combat system is very simple, but seems to have a lot of strategy involved, and the game runs smooth as butter."
,Not Recommended,317820,17121353,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,WeaponZero,"I really want to like this game - it has a great feel to it and the art is great but the way it plays just infuriates me.Rogue-like games are fine if they do not randomly screw you over. Failing because you did something stupid is one thing but randomly getting screwed over without it being your fault is just bad design.There is no point in trying to level your heroes up because they can randomly die to the first monster that appears in the dungeon just from sheer bad luck. And given that you don't get to keep equipment between dungeon-tours, that happens - a LOT. Great, you finished a dungeon's final quest and levelled your hero up once, only to have him/her randomly die to the first mob in the next dungeon. Yay. As a result, you end up not giving two craps about your heroes - they mean absolutely nothing.You'll end up replaying the same exact dungeon many times from scratch with different heroes. MANY. It gets very boring to have the exact same thing happen over and over without any kind of progress happening."
76561197992211925,Not Recommended,317820,17122146,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Boink,"13 classes, a wide range of deck styles, numerous possibilities, fun replayability, blah blah blah. Still a bland game with a 'great' artstyle. The regret is real."
76561198060219701,Not Recommended,317820,17090781,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,lostcraft,"Very much in two minds about the game. As it is, I refunded after playing for abour an hour, and would say, briefly:For ME it was not what I had hoped to get, but if YOU are just looking for a nice, simple dungeon crawler and can live with some of its limitations, you might enjoy GoD much more than I did.---The game's concept, while not unique, is really pretty cool. You have an AI-controlled hero exploring a dungeon, which YOU build around him. You place down corridors, monsters, special events, and your hero then acts accordingly. Sounds great, doesn't it? I expected there to be all sorts of tiny differences between hero classes- maybe a Thief would always go for gold, maybe even putting himself into danger? Or a Ranger would probably move themsleves into good sniping positions? I saw myself considering how to place cards so that my hero would survive and level up and that sounded amazing.Nothing of that. The main idea is: Room with monster is a no-go. Room with same monster and any amount of treasure however: Let's go there. It's almost irrelevant how you place down stuff. Your hero will always act more or less the same.Even worse: Not only are all heroes the same, even the classes make relatively little difference, at least early on you just don't get that much of a difference between a Bruiser and a Mime, yet on paper they are ""Fighter"" and ""Spellcaster"". I admit, I did not play very long, and there probably is more to the class system, but after spending my hour throwing Hero after Hero into a dungeon where my building made little difference, I lost hope a bit.There's also no permanence to anything. You keep no equipment, your Hero resets to level 1, you just return with some gold. That made it even harder to actually get invested into my tiny AI lemmings.Still, I admit that the game just disappointed ME, probably because I expected such a lot of it. The core rules are simple and easy to get into. The combat, while simple, works just okay. And the art IS charming as hell."
,Not Recommended,317820,17097336,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Feitan,"Id probably give it a 4/10, and yes I know I put 17.5 hours in and give it a bad review but I only played to see if the end game aspects of the game were any different or more challenging. The first 1-3 hours keep you entertained, but the game is just a chore after that.Pros -Easy to understand gameplayFirst 3 hours are pretty fun/excitingOnly in early access so plenty of room for changes/updates/bug fixesCons -Character talks to muchNot enough new mechanics being introduced to keep you entertained throughout the gameGameplay is slowThe item system is kind of lame.Not enough creature variety.There are only like 3 different types of missions, kill/be chased by boss, kill/collect certain amount of things, or arrive at target area.The final mission gives like 10k gold for you to spend but you cant play after that mission anyways so if you want to try the like 6 end game choices you missed you have to replay the whole game.Some of the characters are really useless, and some are way to good, most games have balance issues, but some of the mechanics in the game are bugged which makes some characters far worse, though im sure this will be solved eventually, as the game is in early access."
,Not Recommended,317820,17692478,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Otto Silver,"Go through the curse, race to a level 4 monster, plant the evidence before they come, do it all in only 10 turn.Round 1:♥♥♥♥♥♥ no monster in my hand to help me level fast enough.Round 2: Nice, a level 1 to fight :) OK. A level 2 with a curse. maybe....S***!Round 3: 3 turns and looking OK. Come on! No cards to create a route to the end?!Round 4: ......Round 11: This must be it. Monsters in the correct order. Enought gear to take on the level 4 right in front of me... WHERE THE F*** IS MY GUY GOING?!....Round 19: This game sucks. Even an idiot must be able to finish a dungeon faster than this by accident. If every single encounter is a coin toss and a prair to get the cards you need, then wouldn't it by just easier and more fun to literally toss a coin and see who wins, saving me a few hours of time wasting?"
,Recommended,317820,17067335,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,»Mr_FJ«,"I enjoyed it a lot for 5-6 hours. Good humor and great aestetic.Guild of Dungeoneering has a slow start, leading into a fun mid game; but I got tired of the game when I realised there is no reason to care about your dungeoneers.You upgrade your guild hall along the way, based on how much money your adventurers bring home.Dungeoneers level inside dungeons, but are reset to level 1 when the quest is done. The only memorable things about your adventurers is their name and their randomized sprite. I wish there was some sort of progression for the individual adventurer.I think I'm done with the game now. I figured out a formula to beat every quest, except for timed quests* and it has gotten tidious because I can't relate to my adventurers, butI enjoyed it a lot for the first 5-6 hours,which to me seems fair for the price, soI recommend buying it if you are into card games(Hearthstone, etc.) and dungeoneering!Also the bard/storyteller is amazing.*Some quests are almost purely based on luck, because you have to get the right random dungeon tiles; of which you have no control."
76561198063361661,Recommended,317820,17052304,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,loveflower34,"Overall, the game has its perks and downsides. It is a little frustrating that every time I start, I get a newbie who has almost no perks and the characters only differ slightly. However, I bought this game for casual, every-so-often playing, so it's not as annoying to me as it would be for some other guys. Furthermore, I think the thing that frustrates me is that every time I try to play, the buttons at the bottom go where my task bar is. This kind of gets annoying that every time that I try to push a button, the task bar comes up and there's no way to change the screen size.However, gamewise, it's almost like a board game. Every time you go back in, you start afresh. It's pretty straight forward and it's kind of fun for really casual players. If you play this a lot, you'll get pretty bored fast, but if you're just wanting to play for a little bit just for kicks, this is a good game to kill time. Although, the characters could be a little smarter. Sometimes, they go in weird directions...."
,Not Recommended,317820,19625444,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Elarith,"Charming little game with fun rogue-lite gameplay. Unfortunately the developer made some changes to the balance of the game, making some parts more grindy, and adding random effects that are mostly negative at the end of even a successful run. This adds general frustration to the game when playing, something that it once lacked and was better for it."
,Not Recommended,317820,18192196,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Reverendhongry,"Like a lot of other reviewers have said, I should have read the reviews.This game basically doesn't save your progress in any meaningful way.Every time you start a level you go in at level 1 with no gear at all. It doesn't matter how many dungeons your character has been through or what kind of amazing accomplishments he's made; when the clock strikes midnight he turns back into an infant.This means that every dungeon is basically just replaying the very first dungeon with a couple small changes to it. You can't actually replay the first dungeon though, as there's nothing to gain from doing so. Everything you get from it is lost.There is a point system to ""unlock"" new items and abilities, however you don't actually get to take any of those things in with you. You have to randomly find the things you worked hard to unlock and when you do finally find that thing you wanted to use you have until the end of the dungeon to enjoy it because it will be ripped from your hands at the end along with your character's progress.Even if you're a fan of ""rogue-like"" games think twice on this one."
76561198042219693,Recommended,317820,26259257,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,L.orD,9 / 10 :D :D kala!!!
,Recommended,317820,20591601,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,317820,17052815,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Slaymaker,"Unique gameplay design.  Really fun, takes a moment to figure it out but once you do it's pretty interesting.  Really love the art style & music."
76561198041047790,Recommended,317820,17052174,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BindiBOSS101,"Great game for any table top players out their.  It reminds of Munchkin in many small ways.  All in all, a great game and resonably priced.  I hope the creators will continue to add to this great game in future updates."
76561198031608684,Recommended,317820,17056578,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Wolf_Ind.,"An interesting and quirky game. Only a couple hours but I'm enjoying it, but keep in mind this is an initial impression.Pros:Great art styleAwesome conceptGood selection of loot (upgrade ALL the things!)Great balancingPuns...puns everywhere...Meh:Could use some tooltips - I didn't realize that to unlock new weapons I needed to unlock the first tier factories. Until the last two rounds was trying to beat hard dungeons with basic loot.My characters don't level - I'm a little disappointed here, but on the other hand, if they started each dungeon all buffed up it wouldn't be as excitingCould use more content - two hybrid classes, a few more weapons, more options out of fountains.Cons:It's slow - yeah, the card animation is nice, but when it's the 100th fight you've seen, it just slows the game down. An option to disable/significantly speed up card animations would be niceIt might have a bug or two - I swear on my dear sweet brothers life that playing a 1 attack 1 defense card against a 1 attack / on success target discards sometimes bugs out and your defense doesn't work; burns you of a card and 1hptl;dr a nice, fun, quirky casual game accessible to anyone"
76561198112217953,Recommended,317820,17050243,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,thisbeBaxter,I've been having a problem with the game where my characters don't keep their levels or equipable items. Please help.
76561198030814344,Recommended,317820,17051250,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cryptfiend,Amazing game.  Truly happy with it.
,Recommended,317820,31846020,Posted: 19 May,all,ValeS,"Solid, fun and I hope they keep expanding it!I have a ♥♥♥♥lo@d of hours played on my tablet and it rocks!"
76561198007380807,Recommended,317820,25682787,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,gkgnight,"fun game, good time killer between class. 11 hours on record."
76561198070413486,Not Recommended,317820,19710200,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,RonEmpire,"Fun game BUT it is very buggy.It crashes alot the longer you build up your dungeon and character.If you complete the objective really fast, then it seems okay.  But what is the fun in this when you can't enjoy the game adventuring.1.  It needs a constant save progress so that if the game crashes you can resume your progress.  Right now whenever it crashes you lose all progress.   I've wasted 2 hours on every crashed run.    And this happens on both of the different platforms I've played on.   It is a problem with the game.  Not my machine spec.  Other players experiences same problem.    Some sort of memory leak.2.  There is no Steam Cloud save sync.  So if you play on a laptop and a desktop, you can't transfer your save between platform.I don't recommend buying this or playing this.  It's frustrating."
,Not Recommended,317820,19710628,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,"""Thousand Guns"" Harlock","This game is pretty good and I relize I only have 3 hours on the game but allow me to delve into a little of what you will experiance during gameplay..Starting off the story line seems intresting and somthing not normaly done..After starting and getting past the ""tatorial"" it is fun for about 1 or 2 dungeons then it becomes rediculous and annoying.The AI is pretty annoying and the only way to move around is with loot.It is extreamly easy to get a bad hand out of the cards that are given and then you lose a charicter like you never had him making you restart the dungeon all over again..The difficulty of the starting dungions are not extreamly hard but if you get bad cards it becomes rediculously time consuming and to be honnest I feel as though i wasited my money..Some will like this game but as for myself its way to tedious and quite annoying."
76561197967828924,Not Recommended,317820,19700210,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,rumtimes,"DO NOT buy this game. It was fantastic and original, but the devs have made significant and unwelcomed changes way after release. These changes ruin the game by making it tedious and random. It has been over a month since the terrible changes and the devs have been silent on the forums with no sign of fixing this mistake. Even if they revert the patch they can no longer be trusted to deliver a stable and fun game."
76561198049334925,Recommended,317820,32309975,Posted: 9 June,all,PB,This is a really fun and addictive game. I've got 15 hours in and I'm about 3/4 through (including both DLC). The sound track is really good and the mechanics are quite original. Would recommend.
76561198062013324,Recommended,317820,31056426,Posted: 10 April,all,Rose,"It's a good puzzle game.As for the people who don't like that you have to start every new place from level 1 again, I didn't like it at the start either, but there's a reason for it.What is the reason you ask?Well what if I could play the rest of the game with this setup. (I think I won this fight)http://imgur.com/a/vLaeX"
76561198020001039,Recommended,317820,28965189,Posted: 2 January,all,jrv116psu,Fantasic 5/5 .. awesome.. amazing.. if you like FTL .. it's like FTL RPG .. awesome.
76561197984325558,Recommended,317820,18104617,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bearcat,"This is my first card-based game, either electronic or tabletop.  While I enjoy the concept, I'd have to agree with the folks who find it disappointing that your hard-won progress with a particular hero goes out the window after each trip through a dungeon.  While I was looking for something that didn't require the time and mental commitment of, say, Skyrim, I was hoping for at least a bit more than this.  Also, the apparent inability (I say apparent, because I haven't found a way to do it) to save in the middle of a session is a big negative for me.  Real life doesn't always allow the time to complete an in-game task before you have to leave.  I left my computer on with the game running over night, but by the next morning it had consumed around 1.6GB of RAM and most of the features had stopped responding, so I lost my progress anyway.  This ""forced march"" feeling seems to be completely at odds with the idea of a frivolous dungeon-crawler with disposable heroes.  Also, the voice-overs...?  No.  Just... no.  The music isn't bad, but the ""narrator"" makes me cringe.  It sounds like something from a children's movie.Update 9/24/15: Okay - I have to admit it's kind of fun and a bit addictive now that I've picked up the spirit of the game.  There are still things that are painful, like not being able to save in the middle of a dungeon sometimes, however I have also recognized that the extensive dungeons I was building were not necessary to accomplish the objectives, so perhaps I was going about it wrong.  I'm giving it a somewhat flaccid ""thumbs up"" now."
,Not Recommended,317820,17224347,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Anonsy,"Despite the charm, good music and tasteful art style this game is certainly not worth the asking price. After 4 hours of gameplay, I've been unable to get very far as every time I do a dungeon run I get near the end only to be screwed by a terrible set of cards. This has made me realize that I could get the same amount of fun rolling a damn dice. With only a slight amount of skill and huge dollop of luck required to get anywhere, this game becomes a boring grind within an hour.3/10 would not reccommend"
76561198046646149,Recommended,317820,17099549,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MisterLamp,"As long as you know what you're getting into, game is great.I enjoy this game a lot, it has a very nice style to it and enough variety to be enjoyable.  It's missing some things, especially an endless mode, but most of what I want as features are planned. Before you buy it, go check videos of it that people have done and see if it's for you, because it's not a normal rpg."
76561198042683371,Not Recommended,317820,17138969,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Malinconico,"completed whole thing in 8 hours games pretty simple where you only get screwed over by the randomization of the dungeon placement cards, once you unlock third tier of characters you can walk over any chllenge in whole game, however updates are coming to add a bit more content... i feel adding a final boss wouldnt go amiss aswell. *cough*"
76561198027588120,Not Recommended,317820,17343030,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,gamer.rex,"This could, would, and should be an excellent game - eventually.  The 'tone', style, and sense of humour are fantastic. Unfortunately, right the game structure itself is borken - the winningest strategy behing to wander around external rooms of the dungeon - refusing to complete the supposed adventure 'goal' - and instead just grinding indefinitely for petty cash.Fix the actual game, and all then that combined with the truly fantastic window dressing will make this a great product."
,Not Recommended,317820,17352834,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,D3ATHSPARK,I watched this game played on a stream and it looked interesting. After purchasing it I quickly regretted my decision to do so. While the dungeon creating and card combat system is fun there is too much RNG for things to stay fun for long. Too many times my dungeoneers die to extremely bad card draw or the lack of building cards compared to monsters.The voice overs are also horrible and annoying. Not my cup of tea at all and I probably wouldn't have bought the game had I known it was that silly. There is no rewarding feel for even completing dungeons either. I'd much rather play a game like Roguecraft if I'm going to raid dungeons.
,Not Recommended,317820,17137215,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lo Zio B,"I really wanted to love this game, but I just 'like' it, and not so much.It has no real character progression, since you have to start over again with equip and leveling each new mission, making the game an endless grind for nothing. Death has no repercussions, you can die as much as you want/need to in order to finish a mission. The songs and baloons are fun for the first 2 times you pay attention to them, then they become really annoying. The game is overly repetitive and fails at being fun after 4-5 hours of playing.I really love the artstyle and the concept behind it, but the game system is boring and utterly crap.How can you think you can make an RPG without character progression or loot keeping?!GoD is, in the end, an easy puzzle game (where being lucky pays more than being good), disguised as an rpg.If you are looking for an RPG, DO NOT BUY IT.Too bad I already played 6 hours and can't ask for a refound."
76561198038033567,Not Recommended,317820,17140924,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Skinkespyd,"This game has some great potential, but for a card game it just fails to deliver.playing a cardgame you should expect a fair amount of chance, but when chance is all there is (well mostly anyway) it just feels like banging your head against a brickwall... painfull.for me to change this review to ""recommended"" the developers would have to:-put info into the game about the classes and their cards.-when you have defeated an enemy make info about their cardbuild availble.-maybe give the heroes 2-3 tries at a dungeon instead of just 1 strike-you-are-out.-make an option to fastforward the hero animations in the dungeons; while they look cool and are funny, they get old really fast.all that being said, the soundtrack and humor of the game is amazing"
76561197971709585,Not Recommended,317820,17165722,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Privateer,"Incredibly repetitive yet has no character progression. Overly ""twee"" artwork."
,Recommended,317820,17680763,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dashrider,my dungeoneers keep dying.
,Recommended,317820,17111976,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ringo,"Fun and novel take on a rogue-like game. The music is adorable, the art direction matches the tone perfectly. Despite bing a rogue-like it's quite forgiving and easy to pick back up when you die."
76561198000016600,Recommended,317820,23995269,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,*****,"I generally liked this game, but in the end it's pretty simple and gets somewhat repetitive quite fast. Upgrading your guild (which gives you new character types and bonuses) is expensive and slow. The bonuses are also often pretty minor. Still, it's nice game to kill couple of hours every now and then.Also note that:1) This isn't a character building game. Characters die frequently and permanently. Even if they don't, they loose all experience and equipment after each mission.2) You can't control your character directly. Basically you place tiles, enemies and treasures and hope your character goes where you want him to go.3)  Winning has lot to do with luck. You can try to affect things by selecting right tiles, enemies etc. but sometimes you just don't get anything good. Even if you do, single fight where you get bad cards means you die and have to restart the mission with new character."
76561197960344549,Recommended,317820,17431690,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,mdbuchman,"Very fun game, a good mix of simple card battle and RPG.  Love turn based like this.  It came out of nowhere for me, did not even know about it and then stumbled across it.  Anyways I HIGHLY recommend."
76561198044826396,Not Recommended,317820,17127704,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Poptimus Rhyme Wallace,"4/10 - Lack-luster and un-satisfyingWhile initially inviting with atmosphere and the illusion of potentially varied encounters, it becomes clear very fast that this is little more than the kind of casual game you can find for free on sites like armorgames or kongregate.Not worth the price of admission, if you find this on sale i guess you could buy it if you had nothing better to do.the bad:No NPC/CHAR progression, your dungeoneers do not retain items and xp between missions.No Parties/raids, you always use one dungeoneer, no cost of loosing them except waste of time for low gold payout.Gold is the sole motivater, no special loot, no interesting surprises mechanic wise.Repetetive gameplay, while the objective varies from mission to mission, it is extremely repetetive and grindy, oh and the grind dont pay off, dungeoneers remain crappy and itemless.the good:Humour, if you like the same lame jokes and ill-concieved puns over and over...   wait isnt this supposed to be the list of good things?"
76561197982705800,Not Recommended,317820,17424478,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Destromo,This game is so rediculous. I cant advance because my characters arent high enough level so I keep doing money raids and its fricken depressing that my characters keep dying. Who that that was a good idea? Oh yeah no big deal ill just keep having the players characters die every time he fails a quest that wont get depressing at all right?
76561198015090530,Not Recommended,317820,17764486,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jmcmenamin,Game is so bugged and horrible it is beyond words. Often cards just don't do what it says. Don't buy until they fix all the problems.
76561197963710372,Not Recommended,317820,17778680,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kurru,Extremely repeatitive.
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,317820,17797093,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Lochmacher,"Not enough depth to merit purchase, as it feels (not is) like an iphone app game.-Over-simplified mechanics designed to draw out ""replays"" by having characters die from bad card draw.-Lacks ability to choose anything other than basic class, relying on random draws for both attacks and gear.-Lack of choices on progression for either classes or quests (bottlenecks pretty rapidly).-Too few options and nothing retained beyond card pool unlocks.-Money is a huge bottleneck, meaning you will play several lackluster dungeons/puzzles to get ONE new item or class.In short (too late), it does not justify the price.  Wait until it goes on sale for $5-7, as you will give up on it and move on before you see more than that in value."
,Not Recommended,317820,17149220,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mumra,"I got very bored of this game very quickly. Which is a shame, because it has a lot of style. The art style is simplistic but well executed, and the way everything animates and transitions around the screen is very smooth and solidly done. I think it's a very nice touch how the dungeon tiles draw themselves on the screen.At first I really liked the music too, it was nice to hear some guitar and vocals in a game soundtrack. Sadly that gets old very rapidly. It's the same song over and over. Then the singer has this habit of getting to the last word of every song and then just .................... pausing. Before finally saying the last word (like really really smugly). And then he chuckles. EVERY SINGLE TIME. It gets super annoying after about the 20th version of this you hear. He seems to pause slightly longer with each rendition. Sometimes he pauses so long that I've forgotten the rest of the line by now and the last word makes no sense. And can somebody please tell him that it's generally considered really bad form to laugh at your own jokes. Especially when they're not very funny, nor even jokes for that matter.So presentation aside, what about the gameplay. I mean,whatgameplay. Good gameplay is about giving the player meaningful decisions to make. This game doesn't have any decisions. A battle consists of either being lucky enough to draw a card that will let me win, or not doing. If I don't draw a good card then it might be literally impossible to win this battle and I'll have to start this quest again. It just feels like I have no control over winning a lot of the time and with certain classes, and when I do win it was just because I got lucky. This doesn't make for a satisfying game experience. Sometimes your hand size gets reduced and then you don't even have three cards to choose from, you might be down to only 1 card. Draw a card, play it. You don't even get to choose. And why on Earth can't the characters keep their gear or levels after a quest? This one thing would make the game so much better, at least then I would stand a chance in some of the harder dungeons. Although equipping gear doesn't even always make much difference, a lot of gear just gives you a chance of drawing certain cards that are slightly better than your character's base cards, doesn't help one bit if you just have bad luck and draw bad cards.Overally I could only recommend this game if it was in a sale and if you like unlocking things very very slowly. But you should probably just go and play a proper dungeon crawler instead. As for me, I'll be getting a .................... refund. Hee hee ha ho."
,Recommended,317820,17167633,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: Issues of polish and documentation aside, Guild of Dungeoneering is a witty guild manager/roguelike with a clever card based battle and adventure system, plus a lot of personality.  If you invest a little time in learning it, you'll find dungeon-crawler that has many refreshing changes to the usual formula and mechanics, and with developers willing to update it.I hate to start out a review with the bad, but as Guild of Dungeoneering has a lot going for it, let's get to the flaws:1) Documentation is non-existent, and as the game has some quirks and complexities, that makes the learning curve unnecessarily steep at the start.2) The guild construction element is cute, but not exactly needed.  It could be achieved with a different ""look""3) Some mechanics (see below) are a bit strange.OK, so you got the flaws - some ramp-up, one annoying interface, and some strange mechanics  Now let's get to the good which is a lot of good.Guild of Dungeoneering is a guild manager/roguelike adventure game.  Without the standard noble background, you're a frustrated would-be hero whos decided to found their own organization to spite the great guild that clearly you're not suited to be a part of.  Ignoring Groucho Marx's dictum, you're going to raise your own guild.Starting with one recruit of the class ""Chump"" you send forth adventurers into various dungeons on the land.  As you accumulate gold you can expand the guild, unlocking new classes, artifacts, and improving loot drops.  As you unlock more, more choices become available to you, which is needed as you'll face new challenges as well . . .Adventuring is done with a deck of cards - but you build the dungeon.  Each turn sees you get a hand of locations, monsters, and treasures, and you distribute them to maximize your adventurer's rresults - and direction.  Your adventurers pick their own path, so you'd best think ahead - especially as later dungeons have time limits or specific goals your none-to-bright heroes may not handle well unless you manipulate them a bit.  A new treasure, a new monster, the right corridor may be needed to get your minion to go in the right directions.Combat, like many games of this genre, is a big part of the experience and this is accomplished by a simple, effective, and surprisingly deep card game.  Each class has a ""deck"" of cards representing abilities, and that deck expands as they find equipment.  Enemies play one card at a time at random, but your hero has several cards to choose from, and choices matter.  Some cards have offensive abilities, others defensive, some are a mix, some even set up new conditions.  Strategy can get very deep, especially when you have to take enemy strengths, weaknesses, and traits in mind - as well as that of a character.To give an example, you may have a spell that does minor healing - but increases magic damage next magic attack - so can you endure an attack to bring a finishing blow?  You may have an ability or item that will allow you to resist a deathblow - which means you can avoid playing defensive and concentrate on assault.Combat (and the occasional treasure chest) provides equipmentt, which grants more abilities and benefits, requiring you to measure tradeoffs.  At the end of each adventure your minions apparently sell off everything they found so, sadly, each adventure has them starting over, so don't get too attached to any one weapon or shield.  Oh and just because one item has one set of abilities doesn't mean its exactly the same next time you find a similar item - you need to pay attention.Starting simply, the game reveals more and more complexity as you play.  Classes, artifacts, found items, dungeon quirks and quests, interact to keep you thinking and planning.  Though randomness can often bestow mistery, in most cases I found failures were my fault - which only kept me going.This entire adventure is presented in an amusing hand-drawn style, with interesting and at times funny card names, and a sarcastic bard narrator who provides commentary on your actions and choices.  The entire game takes place in its own little scribbly world with skewed logic and jokes, giving it a sense of atmosphere.  There's even a plot as you quest to show up those snotty rivals, though it's mostly sarcastic window dressing.As noted the game is not perfect.  The lack of documentation is a bit frustrating early on as you have to feel things out..  The weird ditch-equipment rule is understandable, but still odd.  The ""pin-up"" cards of the guild serve little mechanical purpose and are just gratuitious - though they do keep with the atmosphere.  Screen options and text size popup choices would have been welcome.  Classes don't seem quite balanced, but that may also be due to my own playstyle.However despite these flaws - some of which impact the game  early on - it's hard to dislike it and it is well worth playing.  The game is honestly and sincerely fun, really makes you think, explores some smart mechanics, and has a great sense of atmosphere and personality.  All of that makes it hard to put down - even when you want a bit more documentation or a bit better presentation.I would also note the devs seem dedicated to supporting this game with updates and improvements.  That's a level of commitment I can appreciate, and it has improved noteably since release.If you like your adventure games and roguelikes, and want to try something different, this is well worth your time as it smartly explores ways to evolve the genre, doing so with its own sense of artistry and personality."
76561197981005048,Not Recommended,317820,18533789,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,aubreymal,"The game is funny, novel and quite fun for about 6 hours... then its boring repetitive and not worth my time"
76561198217921789,Not Recommended,317820,18821268,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,lizzpughlmt,"Like several other reviewers, I enjoyed this game at first. Until I realized that everything resets at the beginning of each run. The heroes go back to level 1, you lose all of your loot, etc. You do keep your upgrades to the guild hall, and you can choose a blessing each time you go out. This game was very repetitive and doesn't have much replay value."
76561198111505612,Not Recommended,317820,18917845,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,cloakndagger085,Unfortunatly as mentioned by some people this game is fun at the start but becomes a grind fest that to me is unbearable.
,Not Recommended,317820,18950707,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mr_dilettante,"OK, it's a good mix of Tetris and simple card game, but a bit boring. It would be geat to see this game on mobile devices, but on PC I'm not gonna play it for hours."
,Not Recommended,317820,20639180,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Сarn,"This game has fairly good basis, but developers have managed to spoil it all and make product with stupid monotonous gameplay."
76561198018543230,Not Recommended,317820,18513499,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Angrymonke,"This game has so much potential but it feels like the developers decided to just phone it in when it game to giving it depth.  Your heros are no more than passers through. You can't invest anything into them and they die and get replaced by another faceless pointless lackey. You can't get them leveled up nor give them equipment. Entering the next dungeon you start from scratch and hope that the first few fights go your way and you get equipment so that you can make it to the end of your goals.If they were to flesh this game out a little more and give it real depth it would be an amazing, cute and fun adventure to pick up and play. As it stands I don't recommend spending your money on this title."
76561198004315379,Not Recommended,317820,26591298,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,geo283,Game keeps crashing after clearing or loosing in a dungeon.
76561197971432237,Not Recommended,317820,28357842,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TaintedMax,"Great concept, great theme song (honestly could buy it just for that). However really repetitive. It only has a few hours of fun before it starts to feel grindy, so if it is cheap buy it."
,Not Recommended,317820,19110035,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Confanity,"This is a quirky game with a decent amount of heart and a surprisingly deep set of mechanics that I'm just starting to get the hang of, like how certain pieces of equipment synergize with each other and with class abilities. That said, there are several points that are ulmiately turn-offs when considering this game.First, there's a lot of swing that comes from the random mechanics. I've failed dungeons simply because they were on timers and I didn't get the right map squares in time. I understand that semi-random trial and error and death is a staple of roguelikes, but in this case it was just a series of increasingly frustrating moments that felt arbitrary and unfair.Second, there's a lot of repetition. Even with varied classes and equipment, there are no real little surprises of the type that a roguelike-like really needs in order to have staying power. What's more, the reward structure (and some of the achievements) are set up to encourage spending a long time noodling around in non-timed dungeons, despite the fact that there's an upper limit in a given dungeon to PC and enemy power and the number of enemy types available. These issue unfortunately combine with the first point above to ensure that after a while, the thought of yet another dungeon becomes work rather than play, and I have to quit for a while because the game has become drudgery.Third, there's a lot of repetition. You're probably going to spend a lot of time repeating dungeons that you're not really ready to face, just because you need more money to unlock better stuff in your guild hall, and each failed mission means a mere pittance of cash trickles in. Unless you get lucky at all the right moments, you're forced to gind a dungeon over and over until you have the cash to buy the upgrade you wanted. And if you *do* get lucky, then congratuations! You're faced with the exact same problem when it comes to th next, incrementally harder, dungeon on the list.Fourth, there's a lot of repetition. Part of the quirkiness is little details like things the characters say when they're hanging out in the dungeon, or the way the artwork is animated. These elements lose their charm at some point in the process, and that's when you discover that they're unskippable. (One specific animation in battles can be turned off in the options, but that seems to be the only gesture the programmers made toward solving this problem.) I fear that my current admiration for the game's ""heart"" will turn to loathing over time as I'm forced to watch every twitch of its increasingly forced-feeling systole and diastole.Finally (and worst of all, perhaps) every once in a while the game just gives up and stops working. I'm writing this review in part because it just crashed on me (not for the first time, either). Hasn't it been out for months now? Shouldn't they have cleared up all the bugs? I'm on a brand-new gaming laptop, so I doubt it's my computer's fault either. And of course, this problem exacerbates the others. There only thing worse, in the context of a game like this, than a long slog through a frustrating dungeon with your every step being opposed by the random number generator... is to have the game crash on you when you're close to done, destroying your progress and leaving you with the prospect of repeating the exact same slog.I really want to like this game, and I really want to be able to recommend it, and I'll keep on playing it every once in a while; the dungeon setup can be conducive to lunch-break play, after all. But any discussion of the game must come with the caveats above, and while it is relatively amusing and novel, there are probably better-designed experiences available, even in the casual roguelike-like genre, for the same amount of money."
,Not Recommended,317820,26325988,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Lupal Fillyus,"Play.Have fun with new, fresh mechanics.Immediately achievement♥♥♥♥♥ for the 50 big dungeon, and getting 5 plants in a row.Build dungeon. Revel in the glory of a plan working out perfectly. Enter a battle.Map UI is removed before a battle. Battle UI doesn't pop up.Only the ""exit dungeon"" button is still clickable.Click it. Crash for real. Useless Windows ""it seems like your program is not responding"" and all.Bah.It's a shame. Was fun while it lasted."
,Not Recommended,317820,20324632,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Original,"Great first impression but very little depth.Combat is this games major failing, while at first it feels really novel to have a board game style card system it just isn't deep enough to justify the 90% of your time with this game that you'll spend doing it.Presentation is great but just can't recommend as a rogue-lite."
76561197972449153,Not Recommended,317820,20576420,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"Guild of dungeoneering has some charming, fun elements, but in the end the game is a total grind fest. The first teir of upgrades to your guildhall are easy enough to get, but to get a single one of the second tier upgrades you need to completel almost 10 dungeons, and the third tier are ten times the price! The other downfall is that the classes really don't matter, items are much more important than classes."
,Not Recommended,317820,21290579,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Yorinar,"Charming and amusing, but impossible."
76561198031867297,Recommended,317820,18106876,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ken.riley,"Fun game, quick and fast to play."
,Recommended,317820,18111829,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,O_____O?,"no more, the BGM is enough.its  fun"
76561198160979374,Recommended,317820,18123766,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Tothetix Offical,"ok note to self, don't double tap the exit button to the guild build-OH F*CK CRASHED MY GAME AGAIN"
76561198002505405,Recommended,317820,18138095,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Анальный дрифт,BEST SOUNDTRACK EVER. Awesome Graphic. Nice gameplay. Must Have
76561197980447747,Recommended,317820,18105174,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Purple Spy,"half board game, half card game, very interesting all in all"
,Recommended,317820,18108347,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ramshead,Great Game!
,Recommended,317820,18127544,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Steel0dragon,a few hours in and i love it.
76561198068751135,Recommended,317820,17069095,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,✿ - GulaChipsFeijoada,"I ought to say that my first impressions on this game are great!!!!!.For more detailed stuff, just read on! XD- ProsThe game itself is based on simple rules.Its very intuitive.Uses a lot of strategy.There arent many death penalties.Its REALLY fun.Its challenging.- ConsThis game, (the way I saw it anyway) depends a LOT on luck.Even though the graphics are fun ans really suit the game, They should improve it a bit.8/10---DETAILS---This is a card-strategy game with elements of RPG, delver and dungeon building.The story is prety fun so far and the characters are funny, they actually made me giggle a few times.Lets split it a bit.Soundtrack: Simply awesome. Everytime a hero dies, wins a dungeon or when you start the game, the music just blows my mind. It really fits the atmosphere of the game! Congratulations to the developers! 10/10Graphics: Pretty cool, but not awesome. Its kinda of repetitive, even though whenever you equip a new equipment to a hero it changes the display, everything else stays the same. 8/10Gameplay:The gameplay consists on 3 parts:1. Building your guild.The gold you get from dungeons you use to upgrade your guild, allowing you to get more heroes, blessings, different loot in dungeons. You can also check your graveyard and trophy room. Nice features, good mechanics to upgrade, but the visual effects and the higher tier upgrades cost are kinda of lame. 9/102. Building the dungeon.At the beggining of the ""round"" you receive 5 cards. There are creatures cards, dungeos area cards and treasure cards.You can put 3 of them into play. The idea is to use these 3 cards to build the dungeon, place enemies and treasures for you hero to find. The cards you get are mostly based on luck. Wich SUCKS. Sometimes you only get stupid cards, like 3 areas that only connect to 1 area and 2 creatures that can kick your♥♥♥♥♥as encounters. I got to say that dependiong entirely on luck kinda bummed me out. 7/10.3. Movement of the hero and battles.You dont control the hero movement, he ALWAYS take the shortest route to complete the dungeon objective. Easy to understand. The harder the dungeon, the longer the dungeon you must create for him to get there, but the cards you receive to create the dungeon are random, remember? This can SUCK sometimes.Ok, now for the battle system. Its a card battle system. Each of your heroes start with a deck of cards that is the standard for that ""class"". You CANNOT change the deck before the dungeon. It's ALWAYS the same. When you win a battle, you will get some sort of equipment. The equipments will then add cards/give more health to your character. All the equipment is lost once you complete/fail a dungeon. So you always start with the same deck.The battle themselves are fun, but sometimes EXTREMELY frustrating.You start the battle with 3 cards and you can see the card that you enemy is going to play, with that you can choose the best card for the ocasion.The battles are in ""real time"" by that I mean that its not turn based. When you chose your card, yours and the enemies card are used at the same time, unless you use a quick card, wich makes you use it first.Once again, everything is based on luck, but that is to be expected, since its a card based battle, but it kinda takes a bit of the charm of the game. Since it is luck based you can be defeated by some stupid monsters, that you placed and was sure that was going to defeat it.  8/10Gamplay overall: 24/30"
,Not Recommended,317820,17051179,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,VicLacroix,"The idea behind this game is great. You build little dungeons and populate them with enemies and treasure for your adventurers to explore. You can guide them by placing treasure or by selecting some corridors over others.The art is great and looks really cool.But this game is REALLY lackluster. Not even a demo is this empty. And the price tag of $15 is way too high for what it offers.The BAD:- The Game is slow, really slow.- There are no options at all. Not graphics, difficulty, not even windowed/fullscreen mode. Games made in Unity have this for Cthulu's sake!- The controls are bad. More than once the game do not register my clicks, making an already slow game, slower.- The fighting... is really boring. There are no animations, no colors, no anything. There is no difference between attacking with a  spoon or using a fireball beside a small text description at the bottom.- There isn't a tutorial, encyclopedia or help file to know what everything means (what is a blessing, how to improve statistics, how to level up, etc) nothing is explained.Conclusion: This game has a lot of potential. Really. But for $15 you expect a more developed game and not something that rival Godus as an Early Access. Shouldn't have been released in this state. The developer should've waited a couple of months more and polish this gem that sadly right now is covered in waste. Wait for a serious update or a sale."
76561198010889953,Recommended,317820,17069392,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Link278,Recommended!!!My experience of the game was starting out thinking this will be a breeze...an hour later id killed 5 poor explorers ( minions) i then found the bruiser class which is just amazing and went on a rampage killing 23 monsters before she died i then tried out the range class which is fun and a different play style. The more i put in to the game i found the more i got out there is a lot of variety in the classes and they feel different which  is brilliant. Though there's nothing quite like being level 1 and being forced to fight a level two enemy and winning hazahhh!only to loose to a huge demon rat ( by which i mean a level one rat )The game has charming graphicsdesigning the dungeons is great funresembles carsconne ( i like board games)and the music is fantastic when songs are sang to help you relish in your victory or hang your head in shame at the loss of your minion i mean adventurer!
76561197982685012,Not Recommended,317820,26254229,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rivethead,"This game will appeal, no doubt, to the sadistic Darkest Dungeon crowd; not to me.You have ultra-cute characters. You run them through a short dungeon. You build them up ever so slightly......just to toss them out??Sorry but this game is Darkest Dungeon With Humor.I do like the style; the devs are very talented. But in my OPINION any gamer looking to actually CREATE and play a character for any amount of time needs to look elsewhere.Rivscore  71 / 100"
,Not Recommended,317820,24004945,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aliandris,"Fun premise, but like Hand of Fate, far too much emphasis on being a randomly generated suicide simulator.  Like most games that want to follow the ""dying is fun!"" ethos, they forget that you need to still have some kind of progress happening, otherwise it's a literal waste of time.  There are enough good games out there that I don't feel obligated to waste my time any more."
76561198015531498,Recommended,317820,17666146,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Eriktion,awesome soundtrack
,Recommended,317820,17047203,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,thrAsher,"If you are thinking, 'this looks dumb', it's most likely not for you. If you are thinking, 'might be fun for an hour or three', wait for a sale. If you are thinking, 'I love indies, this looks pretty interesting', you might just get your money's worth. A simple, delightful, interesting crawler with a lot of heart, albeit somewhat of a mixed bag."
76561198115901447,Not Recommended,317820,17161948,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cloud Ring,"Hi! This game is a collection of my favourite genres; however, I have a warning for anypony who has any issues with hearing or understanding spoken English: this game has a big part of its content in voice (and voice only), and has no means of enabling any kind of subtitles. I asked for a refund 10 minutes after first run of the game. Even the tutorial itself voiced (ALMOST without any written commentary)"
,Not Recommended,317820,29380640,Posted: 20 January,all,Socks,Very repetitive and frustrating.
76561197980901776,Not Recommended,317820,17051088,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ruby Pink,"First things first...why is there no windowed mode or resolution options?STOP TAKING STEPS BACK!Ok, now for what I like about the game:+ Nice cartoony graphics+ Interesting variations on loot+ Customizable guild hallCons:- Mostly have to do with the lag issues im getting from not being able to customize the graphics settings (see above)- Rather annoying that the direction you WANT them to go seems to be overridden by the AI's WANT to go somewhere.  I mean, they want to go towards the gold and monsters yet seem more content to go into this empty room to get to the more expensive loot...idk why.- More informative hud options would be nice, finding it annoying that i want to look up a state but have no information on said stat.(edit: After a bit more time with the game, it feels rather repeditive, the characters get tiring, the narrator kind of gets annoying after a while and the gameplay feels the same even with variying dungeons and layouts.  It started dawning on me the game has more going against it than it had going for it.  Its also becoming really easy to die and im only 4 dungeons in by this review time.  Mabye they will balance it out or add some new spins on the game later but id say unless your buying this for that promissed bundle included, id just skip this 'adventure')"
,Recommended,317820,17059444,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,JohnnyRamrod,"EDIT: OK, this is the second edit of this review for me, so it's my third go at reviewing this game. Why? Because it's changing, and so is my opinion of it...My first review was impressed, my second was that i was less impressed, and now, I'm getting impressed again.1. I was initially impressed because the design itself is great. Great style, great class ideas (on the surface), fun ang quick gameplay.2. Then, things went sour. The classes weren't quite as diverse as I'd hoped, I realised that to try and balance the game, they wouldn't let you replay any dungeons. This sucks. It REALLY sucks. It makes getting enough gold to buy new rooms hard, and it also means to have replayability, you need to start again from the beginning. This was a massive negative and made it not that much fun after the first few plays.3. Now that's changing for two reasons. First off, they've added a replay mode for bosses. Not nearly enough, but a start, and one that shows they are listening. Secondly, and this is really important - they are continually evolving and tweaking the gameplay, and adding new features. Sure one way to look at that is they didn't do enough testing/finish before release, but given they are a small dev team, and the fact they take the feedback onboard, this is actually commendable, and they should be supported. (Oh, and they've announced a future game mode that is endless dungeoning - that's not the same as replay, but is actually even better. HUZZAH!OVERALL: It's a good game, the devs are responsive on the forums, they are improving the game based on feedback, they've published a roadmap, and it really is a fun, quick game to enjoy. Go for it, i say!"
76561198106501397,Recommended,317820,17070983,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Loser,"So far I have put 5 hours into the game, I have found the game entertianing and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a casual gaming experience. Although the game so far has been enjoyable there have some aspects of the game that I have found annoying. First of all in the five hours that I have played the game I have died over 30 times, the combat in the game is heavily luck based and leaves little room for skill. At the end of every dungeon you lose all that you have collected and at the next dungeon are forced to start at level one. This combined with the combat system has caused me to die multiple times at the very first enemy because I had no chance to win. This has casued causes where i was unable to beat dungeon and died over ten times before I got lucky enough to finally get a fight to go my way.  I wish that the game allowed would also players to buff characters more or at least add more skill to the battles. But like I said in the beginning, even those there are some annoying aspects to this game I would still recommend it and give it a 7/10 (if the combat system was changed to more skill based it would definitely be 9/10)"
,Recommended,317820,17749652,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Schwilliam with cheese,Came for the gameplay...But stayed for the sound track.10/10 would stare at menu again
76561198028511752,Recommended,317820,17092127,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,obbe,A fun and good indy game!
,Not Recommended,317820,26403521,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DarkShoal,"Beneath the somewhat amusing exterior this is at heart a deck building game. A bad deck building game.You start with a deck of 7 cards determined by your hero and, props to the devs, the decks can be markedly different. Which leads into the two main problem I have with this game:1. The skills and methods of clearing a dungeon (identifying enemy card themes and building appropriately via random mc random loot drops) are never explained or elaborated on and there is no way to know what cards an enemy has outside of experience. This makes things a little grindy as you can't build a deck to beat the boss mimic without knowing what cards the boss mimic uses... and so on.2. The randomness. You draw three cards from your deck of 14 - you can't redraw, you can't flee combat and if you can't win this battle with these go back to the start and try again. That was a nice 5 to 10 minutes you just wasted. You also have no real control over what equipment (extra cards for your deck) you find as it too is entirely random.These two combined lead to a game in which you win a lot of trivial fights only to get destroyed by an enemy whose deck you couldn't anticipate or lose to a bad draw, throw away your entire deck and start again in the same dungeon.It was fun for the first 45 minutes."
76561198026119879,Recommended,317820,17078385,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SirJubs,"This game is fantastic!-Music and commentary is charming.-Graphics, while simple, are fun and also charming.-Gameplay is new and the aspect of RNG/build your own dungeon keeps the game fresh.-Farming items, while reset after each adventure, is still fun to do because your build will very form quest to quest.I would Recomend to anyone who enjoys some lighthearted RNG fun and dungeon crawling. No card game experience needed."
,Recommended,317820,17091124,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hesh Ballantine,"Incredible! Plays a little bit like a card game, a little bit like a dungeon crawler, and a little bit like a rogue-like. The pencil sketch on graph paper art style is beautiful, and a little bit nostalgia inducing. I happily paid full price for this (and I ALWAYS wait for sales.) 10/10 must buy!"
,Recommended,317820,17093232,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BelueRF,"This game is absolutely fun but not for everyone. With charming poems, amazing music, and a combat system that I find fun but those who only play through the first few dungeons will find boring. This game is definitely in need of more options (graphics, windowed mode, sound options,...the list goes on and on) but it is still a very interesting game that I would recommend to anyone who is thinking that it looks fun."
,Recommended,317820,17055298,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Static Sins,Fun little game. The music is awesome and fits the style that they've chosen. Worth the $14.99.
,Recommended,317820,17061053,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,AesopSpock,"Although I think this game is really good, I'm having a hard time falling in love with it. It's got a lot of elements to love:Neat and rather unique game mechanicsRogue-like gameplay, though very shallowGood musicGreat art styleIt doesn't become apparent until you're about 3 hours in, but Guild of Dungeoneering is a pretty linear and repetitive game.  Sure, you can utilize different classes and traits and the randomness of each quest makes things feel different, but overall, you're doing the same exact thing every quest and even using a lot of the same cards quest after quest.The progression leaves much to be desired. Essentially, you unlock classes, blessings, and random weapon sets. On paper, this seems great, but its progression system is lacking in depth because it's only 3 tiers and each step up doesn't feel like a drastic change. There need to be more options. I think I'm pretty close to the end, but I have the feeling once everything's unlocked, top-level playthroughs will be exactly the same (ie always go with X class, Y blessing, and aim to obtain Z skills in game).Although I have enjoyed my time with the game, Guild of Dungeoneering doesn't feel complete. It's very close and if it ever gets there, it'll be great. Some of the improvements the dev has discussed seem like a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,317820,17050851,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zdar,"I love it, very original, art direction and musics are amazing and the game itself is very easy to learn."
76561197970895776,Not Recommended,317820,26330210,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr. Bulldops,"I really wanted to like this game but after an hour and a half of playing it I just don't. While I enjoy the concept, it fails miserably on execution. Here are some highlights.- It's a repetative grindfest worthy of a mobile game.- Battles are fun at first but quickly grow annoying once you've figured out the formula.- The humor wears thin fairly quickly.- It crashes fairly often."
76561198007201669,Not Recommended,317820,17093756,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Shizuma,"Nice idea and funny theme but gets tedious and repetitive after 90 Minutes.Only progression is in expanding your guild by adding rooms which you have to buy with money you got from your dungeon runs. This rooms give you access to more classes/chars, buffs for your dungeon run or expand your loot poolThe ""dungeoneering"" itself is highly randomised and calling the combat strategic would be a big overstatement.Personally it annoyed me that your chars don't have any permanent bonus from going through a dungeon since every time you start a dungeon your ""Hero"" starts from scratch with their standard deck of action cards.I expected more from it."
76561197999495989,Recommended,317820,17084480,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Void,"I would recommend this game as it is for both the amazing bardic performance and generally engaging gameplay. I think it could certainly be improved in a number of ways but overall its pretty good, I'd call it a 6-7/10 with some extra features and its a solid 8/10.It needs either a bit of a tutorial or like a Dungeoneer's Guide, so you have the ability to see what skills each adventurer has  before stepping into the dungeon and into combat.TL:DR This is a good game and worth £11 it could use some polish and tweaks and it could be a great game."
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,317820,21196117,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RogueDeus,I tried playing it again after taking some months off... Waiting for potential updates.But the RNG is still just to egregious.
,Not Recommended,317820,20013917,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PyroGryo,"Game is rather poorly designed. Pretending it was marketed as a roguelike (which it isn't) it hardly gives the player a chance to, well, play. The fact that within the first 30 minutes I have died 4 times is annoying, but the fact is it really is a card game in that most of what you do is determined by luck. In a respectable roguelike, continual RNG abuse can provide an extreme challenge and defeat most players, whereas there is simply very little skill actually involved in this game. As a player you can slightly alter your deck, but again the deck can just screw you. It's frustrating and random and all based on the luck of some simulated draw, and this is coming from somebody who enjoys Roguelikes like FTL and Gods Will Be Watching.It just feels like the entire game is contrtolled by the deck, and early game there should be a fair amount of actual skill involved. Even buying it on sale with a gift card feels like a huge waste of my money, and I sincerely regret buying the title."
76561198035687020,Recommended,317820,17049880,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Baba Booey,"Scooped this up as a pre-purchase a few days ago after seeing mike and ryan play it on the Cinnemassacre site.I found this to be a refreshing idea, and a joy to play. It takes me back to a time where my friends an I would be sketching out dungeons and ideas on graph paper for new monsters and adventures for our next big D&D weekend.Its got a great tongue-in-cheek style that doesn't take itself too seriously, but has a serious side that won't allow you to stop playing, you're constantly chasing that ""Damn, whats next"" high!With its great art style, fantastic music, great narration, and fun gameplay, this game oozes goodly nerdiness, for me/in my opinion I cant find anything worth mentioning that was a problem, and I would highly reccomend picking this up if you're a fan of RPG's/CCG's/Dungeon Crawlers, or anything unique and awesome!"
,Recommended,317820,17055301,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Fable,"very slow startings, if your a trading card player. I suppose the slowness is suppose to be geared towards people new to ANY kind of game, as if they never played anything before. I suppose the beginning levels are ment for folks 8 and younger.HOWEVERIt is a charming game thus farNice pros and cons for equipmentHas depth aka There is MORE than one way to winThe humor is cuteBest of all the music is awwwsome"
76561197980827922,Recommended,317820,30886009,Posted: 1 April,all,Franberry,Love it
,Recommended,317820,31230218,Posted: 18 April,all,McMeel26,"a little repetative to say the least, but the music and art is wonderful."
,Not Recommended,317820,17128857,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,V.,"Beatiful sound and thats all, game gets repetitive very quickly."
76561198039305550,Not Recommended,317820,17676126,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Akyl,"This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, who the heck thought of the idea hey let us make all things unrepeatable. There is 0 class balances and 0 end game. YES for your final boss is you have to go to a spot."
76561198092369007,Not Recommended,317820,17732816,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Chlorophyll,Don't like it cuz i am bad... all ways dyin :I
76561198056735635,Not Recommended,317820,19136246,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,daimenblack,"This game made me realize something VERY important about myself.I don't like rouge-likes(or lites).But I don't dis-recommend this game for that.  I do it because it has a simple mechanical flaw; The combat mechanics defauts speed to favor the enemy.  There is no way to counter this, save use of a ""Quick Strike"" card....which enemies also have access to.  If an enemy uses a quick-strike cafrd, they go first, PERIOD.As a secondary flaw, there is no character growth system.  Once you reach the harder difficulty dungeons, you can only obtain either the higher-tier gear, or hire the 'better' characters.  This further increases the frustration of the game's death mechanic as, at a certain point, without said upper-level ""cards"", your death is inevitable.Inevitable death is for RL, not for the gamespace...."
76561198066212470,Not Recommended,317820,20047791,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ebronte76,I just played for an hour trying to beat a level that stumped me last time I played a few months ago...after trying every combination I could think of I could still not beat the level.  When it comes down to so much RNG and slamming your head against the wall to get gold to get an upgrade that may or may not help...it's just not fun.
76561198081245539,Not Recommended,317820,26344809,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mbrannaman,Looked so promising. You just die and die and die and there is very little you can do about it.
76561197970925803,Not Recommended,317820,33205716,Posted: 3 July,all,Dagit,Nice concept. Nice art. Way too hard.
76561198235968934,Not Recommended,317820,18789481,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,wuzkin,Warning do not buy this game at full price it is only fun for just long enough to not be able to get a refund the characters are completely unbalanced and the entire game is r&g based i have never finished a dungeon with any class other than the bruiser this is a total waste of time that quickly wares out its welcome
,Not Recommended,317820,18880054,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Piszozo,"It is a mess :S. I thought i will control a dungeon against heroes/dungenoeers. But... What is the logic of controlling both the hero and dungeon anyway?""instead of controlling the hero you build the dungeon around him."" We control hero as well.Explanation is misleading in my opinion and i am not satisfied with my purchase!"
,Not Recommended,317820,19573658,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,"Luke, God Emperor of Mankind","This game is a disgrace.The art is so-so.The gameplay is bad, because of lack of change. Everything is exactly the same.There's a difficulty curve that skyrockets after the second dungeon, and a learning curve that flattens after the first 90 seconds of the tutorial.This game is 18 dollars and brings nothing new to the table. It was a massive mistake for me to waste 18 dollars on a game I got an hour and a half of fun out of, and eventually removed permanently from my account.1.7/10"
76561198199056681,Not Recommended,317820,28297677,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,curvedebris,Fun for a couiple of hours and then gets dull and repetitive.
,Recommended,317820,18158628,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Reap,"Fans of card games, deck builders and tabletop... WOW.Other people probably wont approve of it.As good as it is though it is a frustrating game to play due to the ramping difficulty. It expects you to try missions over and over again. Its good but there is something lacking about the overall game experience."
76561198132422492,Recommended,317820,17049313,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TRUN,RIP social life.
,Not Recommended,317820,31985316,Posted: 26 May,all,Nephyst,"Honestly? It's just not very much fun.Most of the early levels aren't even possible to win unless you get really lucky. The game makes you play them over and over, and in most cases you lose levels because it just wasn't possible with the cards you drew. It would be more fun if you could replay older levels, or if it was more based on skill than luck. After replaying the same levels 50+ times with ever unlockable class it's just not fun."
,Recommended,317820,17079929,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Eamon2plz,Enjoyed playing this game. A bit quirky humor mixed in with the RNG of a card game. Throw in a dungeon generation simulator and this is the final product. This is the first game I've regretted not pre-ordering as it came with the first xpac for free :(
,Recommended,317820,17048528,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,GammaGames,"Very fun little game! I've only played it a little but have been watching the pre-release Twitch streams for the past couple days so I'm familiar with the game.Pros:Art is nice and fittingMusic and narrator are really goodGameplay is very fun, be the DM while also guiding the heroCons:Locked to 30 FPS (as far as I have seen)Very limited audio settingsOverall I would recommend, there's quite a bit of content hidden behind the clouds!"
76561198091013830,Recommended,317820,17048607,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Apotheocrat,"Great the 11 minutes I got to play it, but why has it suddenly been taken off for mac platforms (literally within the hour)?"
,Not Recommended,317820,17624770,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SidAlpha,https://youtu.be/j6E5fyjZjfg
76561198131380089,Recommended,317820,23548848,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ah_Zhou,"It's good enough to play.Just that I'm waiting for more updates before playing this game intensively, and that I don't really like some of the mechanics."
,Recommended,317820,17052006,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,NetQvist,"Great game as long as you like RNG, the visuals of the game are also quite striking."
,Recommended,317820,32373989,Posted: 12 June,all,Izarallia,This game makes me rage so hard xDIt's a good game and I do like it.. but oh do I rage.
76561198048112555,Not Recommended,317820,28352637,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,RabbitSlayer27,"Too many glitches.The game itself is cute and playable enough, but there is a tendency for the UI to go wonky after a bit of play time.  By wonky, I mean the action cards go invisible -- it kind of feels like they are being drawn behind the desktop instead of on top of it.  And then there is the occasional total lockup.  These are all problems that can be remedied for a time with a simple restart, but that doesn't recover the lost playtime.I eventually concluded that the frustrations of the game's instability outweigh the pleasure I get from playing it.  If you have patience for those sorts of issues then the game itself can be enjoyable, but I personally have had my fill of it."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,317820,17186367,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Overated, alot.Bugs and really limited play with nothing new to see after a very short play.The only nice thing is the music, the rest is bleh.It should not be a full PC game, this game reminds me of a Mobile/Facebook game, no thanks.Cheap and badly balanced with anoying bugs."
76561197992360630,Not Recommended,317820,26319373,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Threepac,"Very repetitive, nice art style but very boring"
76561198039345094,Not Recommended,317820,24247372,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shaydes,Great Game at first.  But once you get further into the game your options are basically limited.  You chose a character to send in knowing they are going to die.  Do this multiple times (read 100s) until you can afford an upgrade to your guild.  BORING gameplay.  NO replay value.
76561198010236381,Recommended,317820,17069578,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Freeloader,"Great, really unique game. Fun and challenging while perfectly balancing control and skill with maddening RNG frustration."
,Not Recommended,317820,17098807,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,mbpoblet,"Somewhat enjoyable game (at least at the start; soon it becomes tedious, repetitive, a boring chore without any significant replayability value).But that's if you can get past the sad excuse for a configuration (volume, really) menu, and the fact that the game shouldn't have been released yet as it's simply not finished and won't be for months, if ever (you can't even choose the resolution!), and its suspiciously high (and possibly harmful) CPU use, particularly for what's essentially a flash game without any significant graphics, gameplay, or processing needs (probably mining bitcoins, I expect, seems like the only reasonable explanation, and would perfectly fit with the developers' shadiness).What definitely breaks it, though. are the totally reprehensible excuse for developers, who try to censor curators for warning that the game is for some absurd reason locked at 30fps and go so far as locking any discussion of this topic in the hub (even if it arguably might not benefit much from better framerate, that's not the issue, the censorship, entitlement, and releasing a clearly unfinished, buggy, and untested product are).Do NOT support this. Do NOT buy this game, and do NOT give any money to these developers or publisher if they ever extrude another game in the future again."
76561198024301834,Not Recommended,317820,17068765,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheronGodspeed,"This game sucks. It's broken. Let me tell you why...It has to do with the timed dungeons. Simply put, many separate dungeon attempts (In-A-Row), you will not be able to complete the quest simply because the game will not give you the pieces you need to progress, you know, the map pieces...You won't be given the map pieces to go in the direction that the game forces you to go in. Totally dumb.To make this clear, you will be asked to, for example, go up and left, and the game will give you no ""up"" pieces or no ""left"" pieces. It's that simple. It's that broken. You will fail because of lazy programming, and not because of real challenge.Avoid. This game is not good, which is a shame, because it was pretty close to being great, imo.Purchase only if you like wasting time and failing because of stupid design."
,Recommended,317820,30500109,Posted: 13 March,all,Gatormatthew,Cards. Luk. 0 sKELL. What else want from game
,Not Recommended,317820,18876974,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kistesved,boring after 5 min.
76561198178030219,Recommended,317820,26214858,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,dwbramle,Neat little build your own dugeon card game.
76561198123256540,Not Recommended,317820,19913879,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gobeldigook,the game its self is good but my gripe is i got it with preordered pirates expansion at a freinds with pirate cove delux eddition as the description said you would find the map in a chest wich you dont according to YOUTUBE i spent time restrting it as  it was in the jungle well restarted it quite few times think it was glitch eventualy found forums n queried the problem presumeing it had glitch (allso i reinstalled the game twice ) the devs got back quick but said it wasnt inc in the delux eddition obviously it ws as thats why i ordered it getting one over on my mate for alledgedly cheaper price well basicaly they didnt supply and came out with crap tht it wasnt inc with the delux addition so if you cant trust liers they not to be trusted certainly dont preorder a game thats not out with these guys based on the lies it gets a dont buy cheating some one out  of money is low
,Not Recommended,317820,22887246,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RottingD,"I thought this was going to be an awesome game. I normally love dungeon crawl games. This one has a very interesting card mechanic. I liked the whole battle with cards thing and the like paper and pencile art style is nice. I have to say though how your character moves is the WORST!!! In some stages you have to run from a boss while placing down new rooms, placing an enemy in the new room you created, while also placing an enemy infront of the boss so you can actually have the time to level up or the boss will just unmercifully stomp you. Guess what? You can only lay down three cards in dungeon mode. Oh did I mention your character also has a massive chance of saying screw that enemy behind me that I so desperately need to kill to level just stand a chance, and go straight for the boss fit three rooms away instead of the enemy in the room behind him... The first couple of dungens are fun. Other then that I wouldn't buy this game again or even suggest it to a friend with what I feel is a broken mechanic. I know part of the fun of the game is not really controlling the character, but when you can barely make it out of a dungeon or you have to restart it every two minutes because your character decides to take a stroll into the worst possible direction it gets old real fast."
76561198008574315,Not Recommended,317820,25389011,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sir Jon,"got boring, real fast."
,Not Recommended,317820,23130739,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Boromir Son of Denethor II,rng style of combat ruins the game.
76561197991762465,Not Recommended,317820,24591251,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kevin Duran,if you want to be bored outta your mind this game is for you
76561198046675266,Recommended,317820,31636421,Posted: 8 May,all,Dustin,"I discovered this game from Cinemassacre, I recommend watching their videos since they probably explain it best.It's a ""build-your-own"" RPG game, you place the enemies, the loots, etc. You control how you want to have fun and who to battle and level up. It's a very neat game!6/10"
,Not Recommended,317820,24305065,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,aviadr1,funny? not really.fun? not so muchcasual boring game
76561198032033504,Not Recommended,317820,17045716,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mattius,"Seems more like a mobile game, bit too simple and repetitive, not great value for £10.99. Soundtrack is quite amusing."
,Not Recommended,317820,17046318,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Delos,"I had high hopes for this game, there are no graphic settings. To find out this is a Flash / Adobe Air game.I would stay away for the 15.00."
,Not Recommended,317820,34296322,Posted: 16 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,final fantasy rip off
76561198014820535,Not Recommended,317820,32730176,Posted: 24 June,all,BringOutYourDead,No
76561197971711224,Recommended,317820,17996275,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,CS84,"Hover over the cards your enemy wants to play to understand what they do (the icons are not self-explanatory at first), then counter with one of yours that makes sense. This way you can complete the first quest easily and the game gets really interesting from here!"
76561198002642742,Not Recommended,317820,17939646,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Geneface,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a game that rewards progress without giving the player reliable means to do so.The game is a dungeon-crawling, deck-building, rogue-like RPG, but a character's progression is limited to the start of a map to the end of it. After winning or losing, you lose all of your items, your levels, and any sort of progress, bringing along a small amount of gold back to base to unlock more characters to do the same.There are a few presistent elements for sure, like temporary buffs at the start of the map or items you can unlock to appear in dungeons, but this was done better by Rogue Legacy, whereas Guild of Dungeoneering still demands that you start in a rather poor and dismal state.While I enjoyed the game a little at the start, it became clear that as time went on, progress was going come to a grinding halt. I have not played the game in weeks, and I regret not applying for a refund as a result."
76561198137954914,Recommended,317820,17924940,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,hysmr,A difficult but exteamly fun dungeoning adventure. I enjoyed the challenge of my adventurers starting from scratch at the beginning of each level but the size of my graveyard is getting alarming XD
,Recommended,317820,18064726,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Gobble,"Do you enjoy a game where you can sit back and relax? Do you enjoy a solid soundtrack?If yes, then this is the game for you!Controls - SimpleAudio - Catchy. MysteriousVisuals - Black and White"
76561198028315287,Recommended,317820,18256552,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,kwegar,"Love the game, but crashes a bit often (freezes up and never recovers)Very fun, can be very hard at times."
76561198079005815,Not Recommended,317820,18293112,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,J1mmyblah,I really liked this game.... up until the point where if you purchase the wrong guild expansions it basically punishes you by making the dungeons unbeatable and forcing you to grind gold (around 10g a run if you're lucky) as you try to get the expansions you need to make the game playable again (2000g each) either I am VERY bad at this type of game or this is a serious flaw slash oversight by the designers
76561198020910310,Recommended,317820,18285833,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,lordantoe,"A very fun, addictive indie game.If you want like dungeon crawls and a turn-based style game, this is it, with fun rhymes and puns.Only downside is missions aren't repeatable, but a great game to pass time across short periods, a few hours here and there and you too can get rid of that pesky ivory league!"
76561197974162041,Not Recommended,317820,18300247,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Llama,Feels unfinished!
,Recommended,317820,18270978,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,vamborala,"A very relaxing game.. I just sit here and play while drinking a wine or a beer after the work.. I get very relaxed to sleep. Super recommended.EDIT: I found some annoying bugs but them don't break the game.Pro tip: mute the game's music, put any LOTR soundtrack to play in background. Satisfaction assured."
76561198056305155,Recommended,317820,18287523,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,WouldYouEatAss?,"Pretty fun card based strategy game. Casual, random generation, and luck are all key parts of this game. Progress however, is not a quality of this game. Be prepared to restart from scratch basically every level."
76561197975102110,Not Recommended,317820,18137330,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Firedancer,"I really want to like this game, but it is extremely grindy. Doing dungeons quick leaves you with to little money to survive the next dungeons. And taking your time looting leaves you with a serious chance of the game crashing (or more accurately: the application just stops responding). I have played the game for ~26h and I would say that ~10h (if not more) were lost in crashes (like the last 3h) and most of the rest was spent replaying dungeons over and over just to get through.So right now I would not recommend playing the game (until it develops a little bit more flow)."
76561198118855946,Recommended,317820,18139399,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,C04x,"Short game about deckbuilding and tile-based dungeon layout. The randomization sometimes kicks you in the butt, but there is no penalty for failing a mission. Some characters are immensely fun due to their high-risk playstyles. Overall, a fun game especially if you like board games such as Dominion and Carcasonne."
76561198038169484,Recommended,317820,17223938,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sulk,"Great casual game.  Easy to pick up and play through a dungeon or two, but not super time consuming.  Creative hand drawn cards, and each class has its own ""deck"" of moves that is starts with.  This provides a good balance with different classes.My only disappointment with this game is that once you have beaten the game, you cannot go back and play old maps.  The only way to replay is to start a new save file, and start from scratch.A New Game Plus would be awesome, as it could be done with higher level monsters, or just higher hit points / better decks."
,Recommended,317820,17232161,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Crash,This game is amazing. The music is awesome. The gameplay is fun and rewarding. Everything about this is a 10/10.
,Recommended,317820,17117394,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Sage One,"Played 3 hours so far. This is a fun game, however, same as every other review.It's lacking substance. What you see on the surface is what you get.The DEVS (game gods) have already released patches. Let's hope they release more content as well (and not paid DLC please).The state of the game, as is, is worthy of a $1.99 price tag in the apple store. No where near the $14.99 I had paid.Time will tell if the game gods can flesh this out to its true potential.*************************************CHANGES FROM NEGATIVE TO POSITIVEHave not played this game since the initial review, above. However, am changing my review to positive do to developer's reactions and transparency.Not only are they adding new animations, it seems that they are hard at work to provide an excellent dungeon crawler with a unique frame of gameplay.As long as they keep this up I can definitely recommend this.P.S. Price tag is still to high for quality. At most, with improvements this should be $9.99. Catch it on sale."
76561198159452075,Recommended,317820,17478852,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,arnosedgley,"a relaxing, fun and attractive game. i like it well :)"
,Recommended,317820,17468500,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,djpelisek,"Fun game overall, wish the card pool was bigger. Seems like major potential for additional content over time. Looking forward to more!"
76561198029377469,Recommended,317820,17475059,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Soldonzo,"Grind gold for new heroes and other guild unlockables.Quite fun, actually."
,Recommended,317820,17477078,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,L'me,Cool game
,Recommended,317820,17451368,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cerekay,"This a is light, fun, casual game.  It requires strategy and some planning, but dead adventurers get replaced so you can always try again.  Its a good way to spend a few hours."
,Recommended,317820,17421358,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,firehawk2324,Bought only for theme song.10/10
,Recommended,317820,17662174,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Turtledunkz,Sorta like FTL but with a new twist on the rogue-lite games.
,Not Recommended,317820,17892506,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BottomFeeder,"Not enough is carried through after missions in this game. Every character feels the same. You grind to get gold and you buy a room that buffs all characters of a certain type. It does this by offering that grouping of characters a tiny selection of boaring weapons, which you can only unlock by killing monsters in a dungeon. Then once all is said and done, your characters inventory is wiped clean and you start the next boaring gold grinding dungeon with nothing again. I have half the game unlocked and there are only about 12 items in a dungeon for me to possibly find with any given character. Your chracter has 4 slots to equip things, each thing gives you at most 4 cards to play in their battle system, each card more boaring than the last. You dont controll your character all the time, because the way you controll him is by limiting his options by only placing halls you want him to go down, and by placing treasure to steer him. There are no levels so if you get stuck you cant level trough it. Some classes are blatantly better than others. There is nothing more to this game than placing halls and droping gold and picking from your selection of 16 cards untill they take your gear away and force you to start the process over again.On the good side the audio is funny for the first 20 minutes.The graphical syle is amusing desite its simplicity, then bottoms out due to the lack of content.And its pretty stable as its basically a flash game, theres really nothing there."
76561198071189687,Recommended,317820,17161699,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Grandpa Phil,"Completed the game in just under 20 hours. Overall, it was a really fun experience. It has a lot of charm to it which can be found in the music, humor, and art design. Gameplay is very simple to understand, but requires a little patience whenever you hit a difficult quest. You'll often find yourself thinking up strategies and mixing up class/item combinations to adapt to different obstacles.This game is not without flaws. A few glitches here and there need to be patched out, but nothing gamebreaking as far as I have encountered. There is some amount of RNG factor involved, like any other card game, so if you're the sort of person who dislikes somewhat luck-based games, I wouldn't recommend this game for you. The game is somewhat shallow and repetitive; you will fight many enemies over and over again using the same attacks and abilities over and over again. With that said, this game is much better played in short bursts instead of long playthroughs."
76561197969753593,Not Recommended,317820,17164688,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Old man Stu,"GoD is a beautifully presented game with cartoonish but crisp graphics, lovely music and a very funky bard singing songs at you whenever you do something new. It is a game where building your guild and rooms is prioritised over the actual dungeoneering done by classes you unlock with gold and the relevant building.For me, the game is too barebones in all departments to really keep me coming back. I have seen people on the forums deriding people for asking for deeper character development (you start each dungeon at level 1 without any equipment as nothing carries over) and saying it is all about building your guild - which is so shallow it reminds me more of a mobile game. All you can do is buy rooms then just drop them onto other rooms. That's basically it. Yes, you can enhance certain rooms with more gold, but that is not very deep, is it?I hope this game gets deeper with more options for base building if it refuses to allow character development, as right now it amused me for an hour or so before i got bored and loaded up Sunless Sea."
,Not Recommended,317820,17165601,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,lte234,"This game definitely has some serious bugs.  Every fight that I get in is stressful because you never know what is going to happen.  By that I mean, there have been several times that I have taken extra damage and lost a battle for no reason what-so-ever.  The game just randomly decides that I am going to take extra damage this turn.Also, what everyone else is saying, this game is very repetitive and gets boring quick.  There is no consequence for losing, because you don't keep any level ups or items after you successfully complete a dungeon, and you DO keep any gold collected if you die, AND if you die you just instantly get a new dungeoneer to replace the previous one.....so what is the point.Lastly, you really have no control over your character's movement.  I will place a massive gem and low ranking enemy in a room with a positive fountain, and my dungeoneer will instead go running straight into the room with the OP opponent and get into a fight they can't win.  That is supposed to be the whole point of placing the loot and low level opponents.....to persuad your dungeoneer away from those battles while you level them up....."
76561198049930051,Recommended,317820,17167832,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,CozmicDred,"Somewhere between a guild management game and dungeon crawler... in all the best ways.I, personally like choice... even if that choice is relatively meaningless. This game gives you plenty of that. I.E where to place rooms in your guild, where to place rooms, items, and monsters in dungeons... It adds a depth of strategy in dungeons and personalization to the guild.Also the battle system is unique. Part tradition equipment based rpg and half random card battle. Dig it.Long story short... you like dungeon crawlers? How about card games? Pick it up, You won't regret it.ALSO the songs arre AMAZING!!!!!Hereis a video of my first attempt... done as a sing along!!"
,Not Recommended,317820,17168545,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,jacksste,"Perhaps the best near miss of the year.Guild of Dungeoneering is a possible classic, fine music, interesting rules, classic play style.  It is in the endless deaths of your lower level characters, the lack of advancement to allow you to gain a liking for characters as they fight their way through the system, and a loot system that only permits you to keep a few purchased abilities that you start to realize that this gem is lacking.  Sure - the idea that you fill the grave yard with hundreds of noobs as you try and get out of the beginning spaces is humorous, until you discover that you like them and you are frustrated by all of the work that gets no where.Eventualy you advance, and your noobs who do not gain experience fall behind.  Then you leave them and pack up your rangers and barbarians, filling another grave yard.I would avoid the game in its current state.  It has so much that could make it the addictive title of the year - but likely someone will have to learn from this game and make a newer model next year."
,Recommended,317820,17151789,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,chuckles,Relatively short game (just over 10hrs to finish). I agree with a lot of the other comments regarding it being repetative. But the mechanics are fun and the cards add a fun dynamic quality to each dungeon.
76561198013622319,Recommended,317820,17151856,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ishKiia,"Love the humor .. love the lyrics and rhymes.  If this was early access game then I would say it has a HUGE potential. Because it's not, then all I can say is the devs seem to be listening and I still look forward to more content and changes.  This has amazing potential but mostly becuase it is so unique.  Everything in gaming has been done before it seems these days.. it's how it is presented and how deep it goes content wise.  Love the art, love the humor, and love the challenge of the random cards.  most people whine about that but it's no different than playing yatzee or any other bord game when things aren't handed to you like a whining baby wanting a cookie right now.  it has a bit of old school feel about it and yet new and innovative.. I'm giving this a rave review in the hopes and faith in the devs that they will keep going.  I paid for it because I wanted to support it's future, not due to the product right here and now.  I just hope that faith isn't thrown away."
76561198040792808,Not Recommended,317820,17153756,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,sans.,Repetitive and difficult. Kinda addicting. Still not worth the money.
,Recommended,317820,17157576,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gamesjunkie,"I'm having so much fun with this game and I love the art style. I struggled a little in the beginning but through trial and error and with a few tips from other players I'm now blasting and slashing my way through the dungeons. I still find myself being defeated by unlucky hands once in awhile but it just makes victory that much sweeter. With many classes to try, an upcoming DLC card pack and talk of possibly adding repeatable quests this game has lots of replayablility. I feel it's worth the price tag of $15 but if you're unsure wait for a sale."
,Recommended,317820,17189615,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,PyroTyger,"TLDR: This game is sushi - lots of perfectly-crafted, clean little morsels made from fresh, simple ingredients.Each dungeon is a unique and light experience, everything laid out before you like a simple puzzle, and you absolutely will not be able to stop at just one. You will stuff yourself with ""just one more"" and REGRET NOTHING. And you will want to do it again the next day.GAMEPLAY: Send your little dungeoneers out on dangerous quests, then purchase Guild expansions with the loot (if they survive!) adding new dungeoneer classes and new equipment options, so you can tackle harder dungeons later.That's just the overworld management, though. The real meat is in the dungeons. You don't control your dungeoneer, but you steer them each turn by dynamically laying out rooms, enemies and loot, from a random hand of five cards.When you meet an enemy, you fight to the death in a card-duel, playing from a unique deck composed of your class' abilities and any equipment abilities you've collected along the way. The cards each show a combination of attacking, blocking (melee or magic), healing & drawing cards, and a few special abilities, so each battle is a puzzle built from the pieces you've collected.Once in a while the game will deal you a bum hand, and you just have to try again and make your own luck. However there's no penalty for dying, so you're invited to try different classes & strategies and see what works. Sometimes you crack it on the first try, through luck & skill, but I never found myself stumped for more than a handful of attempts. It's a really well balanced system.AESTHETICS: Papercraft and sketchy pencil art. It's clean and simple to be instantly accessible, but with enough character and to make it inviting.The writing is full of little smirks & winks throughout. This is a game that really understands its pedigree, and how to poke fun while still getting you invested.And the soundtrack is fantastic for such a little game. There are little acoustic, bardic ditties after each event (win or lose, complete a chapter) that very strongly reminded me of the narrator from the Deponia series - a bit dark, a bit daft, with terrible rhymes and excessive gravitas.I was also really happy about the in-game representation. New dungeoneers are randomly assigned gender and race. There's almost no difference aesthetically as they're just little chibi charicatures, but you can tell, and these little touches matter.There were a few bugs, but nothing game-breaking or upsetting, and I gather it's being developed further. More content, easier access to in-game information, and more replayability, all of which were on my wish-list when I'd finished the game. I'll usually delete a game from my Steam Library as soon as I've completed it, but I'll be glad to dip into this one again after the next update."
76561197991776587,Recommended,317820,17199770,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Scimajor,"I usually don't like games like this. I typically play 3d open world games but this game is a true gem. It's addictive, hilarious and harmless fun. Now if I could just stop rhyming!"
76561198146546689,Recommended,317820,17178517,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[AN] ℳeh_ℓØω,OMG the first card game i played so goodArt style is nice as it is a drawn designThe naration can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥but stillOne of the better games of this year !!!
76561198101235873,Recommended,317820,17180967,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Zeelilus,"Definitely a fun little game. First heard of it through a twitch stream and after watching a few hours decided to buy it for myself.The classes each feel unique, the art is enjoyable, and the game mechanics are quite fun once you get the hang of them.On the negative side it is a short game. First playthrough took something like 8 hours. I manage to squeeze 30 hours out of it by doing multiple playthroughs in order to experience all the classes fully.  The RNG is also extremely brutal. If you don't like losing a quest or battle because you didn't draw the right cards I wouldn't suggest this."
,Recommended,317820,17182072,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Vanderhaven,Would recommend this game. It's very quaint and different. The soundtrack and narrator is out of this world and sets the tone for the game.The progression is not what you would think based on the videos. It's not a builder by any means.The strategy is very RNG based and the game can get repetitive.  Otherwise this game is awesome.
76561198072327356,Recommended,317820,17184722,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Exec,"Games that try to change up the RPG / Dungeon / Loot game formula are always fun to try, and this game is no exception. Every level of ""Dungeoneering"" is a clean slate; you begin at level 1 with no equipment or resources. Dungeon paths, enemies, and chests are placed by the player in order to best navigate to the boss or objective. Battles themselves are also turn based, and your deck of battle cards is determined by your class (a unique 6 card deck) and gear. Gear abilities stack: 2 pieces of gear with ""fire"" level 1 will add a fire 1 and fire 2 card to your deck.After completing a few dungeons, you can spend your gold upgrading your guild. There are typically 3 choices to upgrade: new classes, new items in the drop pool, or a blessing to start off your dungeons with. If you find your income to be a little lacking, don't despair. The final level of an area gives a bigger gold reward, and the plot dungeons give huge rewards relative to the dungeons leading up to them.On the aesthetics side, the paper artstyle of the game is simple and charming. Every character has a set of unique dialog for engaging in battle or uncovering treasure. The voicework in the game is also well done. Every character has an intro song after unlocking, and there are 2-3 songs that mock your defeat if you are to die in battle.The one improvement I would make to the game would be to teach how pathing works in the tutorial. Although you control the layout of the dungeon, your character will always move to the space s/he finds most ""attractive"". This is determined by the levels of nearby enemies, loot, whether the space has been explored yet, and proximity to the boss. I was able to figure it out after a few runs, but I feel it would be a big help to newer players to show them how to change course.All in all, Guild of Dungeoneering is a great game and definitely worth a try. The game has about 15-20 hours of gameplay at the moment, more if you choose to replay to use a different class or item progression. I hope they come out with more content, I will definitely be buying!"
,Recommended,317820,17207808,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rum Ham,"I had two hours of game time when I left this review, but heres what I think right now.This game is unique and has absolutely lovely hand-drawn visuals and I think this gives it a really nice feel and the gameplay feels smooth and the combat is turn-based card battles, personally I dislike turn based combat, but I think that the usage of cards in the combat is a great idea, I think this combat system works well, is fun and this is the first time I have ever seen a game like this, I love that you always get a great feeling of accomplishment from completing the dungeons and expanding your guild feels really good. I like the usage of different classes in the gameplay because if you know what kind of enemies you will be facing you can get the edge on your opponent using the class system, this system lets you use trial and improvement to find class combinations that work for every situation, I also like the dungeon pickups, I think that picking up weapons and armor as you complete dungeons is a very good idea, but I also like the fact that you have to build Blacksmith's and other buildings to make sure that you always find good weapons inside the dungeons.However, I think that both paid and free dlc packages should be released for this game giving you more guild members to choose from and definately more dungeons, but overall, I think this game has a very good substance to it and has allot  of potential, I urge whoever is reading this to buy Guild of Dungeoneering if you have not already!Happy Hunting"
,Recommended,317820,17210712,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Yeezus The God,Oh yeah
76561198006545678,Recommended,317820,17216136,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,snsod,"A delightful game. The commentary and music (like a bard would sing for you, were he a jerk. Which, I guess, bard.) give an amusing background for a card-based romp through a set of dungeons, on your way to being a successful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The element of luck does weigh a little more heavily than one would like, since your fate in battle does depend on what attack/defense cards you draw, but since there are an eternity of chumps ready to take up your banner, and you still get to keep the money they harvest, trying again is not very painful. The story is rather short, but still very worth the experience."
76561198077267799,Recommended,317820,26407945,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jordan.fouts,"edit: it's fun and good once you get the hang of it, can be kind of frustrating up to that point"
,Not Recommended,317820,34949166,Posted: 14 September,all,PurpleXVI,"A fun game, but it spreads its content a bit too thin.The music's good(though I dare you to find the player who didn't mute the bard after an hour's play, tops. I mean, he's not bad, but... it just gets pretty repetitive, pretty fast, because there's more game than there is variety to his songs), the art is cute and functional and the basic gameplay is really solid, conceptually.But it comes apart in two places. Firstly, by the time you're a short bit into the game, you've really seen all it has to offer. The relatively low scaling of the abilities means there aren't really any you're only going to discover later in the game. And all of the options are on display pretty much from the word go, so there aren't any additions popping up later on.Secondly... it's just a bit too easy, really. The only thing that can really trip you up is random chance, like being forced into a fountain that gives your enemies Concealment so you're pretty much playing blind. But short of that, you've pretty much always got a clearly superior option lined up for what to do. Oddly enough, making enemies ""weaker,"" with Predictable, actually makes the game more interesting since it lets you plan multiple rounds ahead, rather than just picking the obvious counter/solution to what the enemy is playing right here and now.Lastly, the game does have a bit of false advertisement. The way its presented suggests that it's about manipulating your adventurers' varied motivations to get them to go where you want in the dungeon... and that's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The adventurers always go for the nearest monster and/or treasure, pretty much a beeline. And I've seen no variations in their behavior at all, not even when they had ""Battle Scars"" that were ostensibly meant to alter it.If there's a genuine difference hidden somewhere, it's obfuscated by the fact that the dungeon crawls are very short and your actual *need* for manipulating their behavior very limited. Due to the fact that *you're* the one placing the dungeon corridors as well as most of the generic dungeon encounters, you can just make them a straight path to where you want them to go.Ultimately not worth the price. Maybe if the game, with all DLC, was 10 bucks, I'd recommend it. But otherwise not."
,Recommended,317820,34876120,Posted: 10 September,all,doomocrat,"Charming, thought out, and well made. I like the progression and scope that's here, but...No Steam cloud. Can't be a casual pick up & play Steam game at this scope and price without Steam cloud! FTL WAS 2012!If you're buying for multiple machines or reformat a lot, be wary. I'd have played it a lot more if I didn't open it on my laptop and go... ""oh"""
