user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198026107058,Recommended,318020,22392471,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Andre B,"The new Reboot version is quite fun.The previous version of this game wasn't well received but the developers decided to revamp the game completly. I will leave a few PROs and CONs and let you decide if you want to play this new version or not.PROs:- Unified economy system for all factions based around 1 resource with 3 income options, capturing banks, mining oil, or with income generating buildings.- Unit, faction and tech variety is still very strong with this game, with tons of units to choose from.- The pace of the game is considerably faster than the previous version, agression pays off, with multi prone engagements working properly.- Game will work on almost any computer.So the core gameplay is fun, but if your getting this game, you should only get it for the multiplayer and skirmish experience.CONs:- Campaign was designed with the previous iteration of this game, and while decently average, it doesn't justify you buying this game for the campaign alone.- The factions have some tech and balance problems, which might annoy a new player coming into the game.- Lack of map variety, yes you will be playing the same maps over and over again.- Lack of a propper ladder system.- Low to medium playerbase.The reboot version of this game surely deserves another chance, especially if you have already bought the game.But if you haven't make sure you have a couple friends to play with.You might be waiting a bit to get any ""good"" games going."
76561198007119556,Recommended,318020,18713180,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,KLAB,"In the year 2015 this is as solid a non-Starcraft traditional RTS as you are going to find.  I play online with a few friends and we just have a blast.  It reminds me a lot of the old Command and Conquer games that have disappeared.Alot of people have reviewed the game poorly because they expected another Wargames game or just generally didn't know what a true old school RTS game is.If you are looking for a true throw-back old school, c&c like RTS game with none of the micro-transcation BS then log on and build your tanks and go for a fun romp with this little gem."
76561198005980943,Recommended,318020,17861306,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Oompah,"Let me preface this by saying I was very happy to see Grey Goo, Etherium and Act of Aggression all slated for release this year.  I simply love traditional RTS games.  By traditional I am referring to the resource, build, produce sub-genre of RTS made very popular by the C&C franchise.Grey Goo let me down and simply could not entice an audience.  Etherium was low quality.FInally I feel like someone has made an RTS game worthy to be held up against C&C Generals; one of my favorite and most well-love RTS games of this sub-genre.Act of Aggression is faithful to the formula we all love to a T.  There is economical ramp up, bases and buildings to place and sift through tech unlocks and of course lots of awesome tanks to build and roll over you opponent with...as well as infantry, air and other support units.This is one of the most deep RTS titles I have ever played.  There is a lot to do and a lot to learn.  That fact is however a bit of a double edged sword.  For those willing to sink in lots of hours you will find tremendous replayability and depth, otherwise you might get frustrated and walk away before you get to the big payoff.If you love RTS games and miss C&C this is 100% a game you want to engage with and spend some time learning the nuances of.  I am strictly a PvP guy so for me the SP campaign means very little.  I have been in the early access beta and have about 50 hours in 1v1 and 2v2 PvP play, so take my comments based on that fact.There are three very distinct sides, US, Cartel and Chimera.  The US seems to be the most vanilla, traditional RTS side, Chimera is very unique in how you expand and unlock tech and the Cartel will probably be the most played side providing ambush, stealth and futuristic weaponary as a staple of game play.  I prefer the Chimera and their spider basing expanding style.I won't get into the game play much other than to say once you learn the system and there is a lot to learn you will find yourself enjoying a true RTS game without any pay items or progression breaking mechanisms.  The game is session based and each match is played fairly on even terms, everyone starts back at zero each match, no permanane tunlocks or anything like that.The big difference (other than the amazing graphics and audio and other special effects) this game has when compared to Generals, per say, is the scale.  Maps are much larger, and while this is very different games still play in the same pace, a well played evenly matched 1v1 game averages around 20 minutes.  The map scale is big but the pace is excellent, which actually creates a little more breathing room as you can't effectively rush a player early (you sort of can using some off the wall collector rushes and such) but overall the game plays out less tense because of the shear map size.  Attacks need to be well thought out and territory grabbing becomes more important than simply rushing.I hope this review helps.  This is a great old fashioned through back to the glory days of RTS will new and awesome looking units that feel very powerful when you begin to unlock all of the upgrades at your fingertips.I will add one last note.  While there are many options to build off map units to call in for devestating strikes along with super weapon nukes and such, you won't see those come into play very often in competitive matches, but they are fun to mess with in skirmishes or in large team games that are stale mating.  Other than that, which unfortunately some of the off map call-ins feel very cheesy and spamable, you will find a very faithful C&C Generals like experience played out on a larger scale with less rushing, but far more intense fighting."
76561197980573149,Recommended,318020,17907124,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,M4tr!X,"First of all, if you read reviews, check the time played by the reviewer. If its only a couple of hours, remember that this guy probably typed his review frustrated after a certain loss or that he didnt gave the chance to actually get deep into this game.This game has every C&C fan waiting for. As I played all the C&C games and am a big RTS fan, this game has got me completely.It is hard in the beginning as it is familiar but also makes you think a bit differently and you need some time to learn and adapt to this RTS.Please do so as it is a gem that will hook you up completely and drag you into the feeling of : more more more !!!The graphics are eyecandy, and for the tacticians there is the satelite view wich let you look high above the map like a radar grid, but wich makes it very clearly tacticwise.The units are decent thought out and the time to react & counter to enemy units is fair.for example, at one point i saw planes coming over and lost 2 buildings, i didnt know he had air and i didnt builded AA. the time in between the two bombing runs i quickly made AA infantry, made a stealth spotter recon vehicle to detect them and 2 AA vehicles. Next run he lost few planes and he needed to adapt so he tried coming in from the other side, luckily I had spotted him for a nano sec as he flew past a unit from the east and I made  my units going to the east and could took a few out aswell.It is very adrenaline, rewarding game that every RTS fan should try !!! A MUST BUY FOR THE C&C FANS OUT THERE THAT WANTED A NEW C&C FOR A LONG TIME !!!!!!9/10"
,Recommended,318020,18696497,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dilldozer,"If you are looking for a successor for C&C Generals then you have found it with Act of Aggression.  I haven't had this much fun playing an online RTS since the days of Zero Hour.Know that this is a true: build, resource, produce, tech, fight RTS game in the vein of command and conquer without any: micro transactions, NO offline progression system, no unfair unlocks, no BS at all.  Just hop on, start on a level playing field and have a blast rolling your tanks over your opponent"
76561198123472570,Recommended,318020,32271560,Posted: 8 June,all,DarkMatter,"The game is fine and I rather found it enjoyable, I have small issue of color screen where I get a weird color flare is best I can describe it but I think its just my machine. In anycase the game has solid RTS system with an ok not too shabby storyline. The Resource system is pretty neat and opens up more diversity for the more high tier fun stuff that can be quite powerful and devastating. I can't really honestly come to see why for the negative reviews of the game, they even went out as far as to add a ""reboot"" edition in order to change the resource system from having 3 resource types to just one; Cash. The reboot edition automatically comes with the default game as a freebie and an option to play, reboot also changes certain things removing some and replacing some to make a bit more balanced but really the first one was fine. I can only imagine that most people here prefer ""Simple"" rts games and constantly hope for more RTS games to be like C&C red alert. It also has no connection with tiberium resource collecting what-so-ever so idk what that guy is talking about. Bottom line is if you're looking for a new RTS game with some futuristic but yet mostly modern features then this game is for you, if you've played Act Of War and its expansion High Treason, this make you feel abit at home almost coming off as a spin off. Don't take my word for it though, buy the game, try it out for 30 - 50 minutes, and if you don't like it, just refund it, but honestly, with how rare RTS games even come by these days? you really don't wanna pass this one up, since most that try to come out end up being a horrible idea, like that pay to win C&C Generals 2 everyone was looking for but never happened."
76561198031994610,Recommended,318020,31170851,Posted: 15 April,all,juxstapo,"Heh, so this thing is getting panned by critics pretty hard and I'm kinda surprised at that.I am a casual trash solo RTS player. I have neither the time nor inclination to jump into a PvP environment on what is essentially an extremely complicated chess set that you have to manage economics on... so perhaps the criticisms for multiplayer are completely warranted, I wouldn't know.Campaign and skirmish however... heck, I love this game. Perhaps it wouldn't hold up as a streamlined competitive environment, as a system in which players prove their superiority over each other... I love it the same way I did my action figures and Micro Machines when I was a kid.It's commonly compared to C&C: Generals, and I can see why, but honestly it pulls more of a vibe from Command & Conquer (1995.. C&C 1 I suppose you could call it). The low-res newscasts, the pumping techno soundtrack, the five minutes in the future setting, the teeensy tiny infantry.  Which brings me to my next point;This probably doesn't make an effect on 90% of Steam users, being all jaded by modern graphics, but I thought the level of detail in the scenery was awesome. (Granted, there are a lot of really well made RTS's out now for proper fans of the genre). Having every single block of suburbia modeled to perfection (and then plowing through it with tanks), fulfills some almost-buried 8 year old power fantasy of mine.In fact I probably shouldn't admit it, but given the fact that most of this game's maps are representing anytown USA (instead of some war torn hamlet or wilderness), the backgrounds are rather bright and cheerful... and to be perfectly frank the Cartel is almost a copy paste of Cobra, in my mind this is the Sunbow-era GI-Joe game Hasbro will never ever give us..."
76561197972445489,Not Recommended,318020,18129478,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Foxhound220,"This game is a weird mix between Act of War, Wargame series and CnC series. It took both parts from all three series and then mixes it together. It took some of CnC's arcady massive army, single unit aspect of the game, then add in Wargame's realism, and the result if this weird not so smooth gameplay. This game has a lot of promise, but the delivery felt kind of disappointing to be honest.Pros-this game has some of the most detailed animation/model in the RTS genre, with stunning visual to behold.-Absolutely massive amount of diverse unit types, each does multiple roles very well, making this combined army feel some of the other RTS games failed to deliver. It has jumped away from this ""one unit counters another"" loop.-Each faction is special and much to its own. All 3 have their own character and promoting different type of play style.Cons-Due to the number of different units per faction, and the tech-tree/structure layout making this game a hell of a mess for beginners. The upgrades for the units are all over the place, and the units don’t have very well defined roles.For example, the Cartel faction can ""upgrade"" their intro artillery unit into anti-tank role, but decrease all other damage drastically, or upgrading stealth recon transports with flamethrowers that breaks its stealth. Some of the designs seems messy at the least and conflicting at the worst.-The logistic is messy, as you need to control a wide spread of map in order to able to keep up with the logistic demands. The resource points spread around the map randomly and can't be harvested BEFORE you build a pretty useless scout unit to scope it out first, but all of the resource points require a drop point, and Alu and RE resources also requires storage to store the excess amount of resources.Meaning you will be spending a fairly huge amount of time trying to expand your economy by building refineries all over the map, build drop points for the said refinery, then proceed to dump valuable resource trying to protect the weak refinery/drop sites.Also, the resource gathers are easy targets for hostile’s forces, and they won’t be replaced automatically. This is causing the game to be too micro focused, and spreading your attention thin to multiple places at once. As you need to keep an eye on each of the refineries as how much resource is left, if the resource gathers are destroyed by the hostile forces and reassign the excess resource gathers.-Unnecessary realism in arcady settings. This is also my biggest beef with this game. The devs are trying to make a fast paced RTS games like CnC Generals, Red Alert, etc but also wanted to add in a little realism that seems to be no place for a game like this like the friendly fire for your own troops (No, I’m not talking about artillery units).For example, if your own Anti-tank missile landed too close to your units, it will damage and destroy your own units as well. Or as the Cartel defensive turret will destroy everything around it when it's destroyed (even the aerial units). This is causing a huge problem for me, and harming the gameplay in the process. I often lose more units to my own collateral damage and chain reactions(such as a single destroyed turret destroys half of my base) than the enemy fire.-Unnecessary realism part 2. Some of the units have fairly long reload time, such as AT infantries. Also the enemy fire can damage and kill garrisoned units. These two factors combined with the poor targeting AI creates a huge amount of problem for the gameplay, as units will all fire on first enemy in sight. It's pretty common to see your massive force all fire on one single unit and then take unnecessary damages.-Unit control is sloppy. This game adapts the Wargame's ""road system"". Which means all of your vehicles will choose to use roads if ordered to move a long stretch of space. However, the pathfinding in this game is unpredictable.More often than not you will see your massive attacking force be split to multiple smaller groups all driving different routes to your target, getting taking out one by one on their way there, and there's no way to keep formation. This combined with units blocking each other making the unit control for large armies one hell of a mess.This combined with all of the above makes your units squashy, and expansive. Most of mid level players find themselves run out of any resources by the late game, and the game ends in this sluggish paced grindfest because the assulting units are all too squashy. You can't have this satisfying murder ball experience you get from CnC or Starcraft.I was hoping this game can revive my RTS spirit like the RTS golden age did, but the delivery fell short and the game feels just mediocre at best. Lots of questionable design decisions making this game not very enjoyable for me. This game feels like it doesn't really know what it wants to be. It's neither Wargame realistic, strategic and slow paced promoting a careful approach, nor CnC's arcady, quick, ball of death simple gameplay. More like a kid who wants to practice art in a law firm."
,Recommended,318020,18003914,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Zyddie,"So Act of Aggression.To say it short, best RTS I`ve played since C&C Generals.AoA plays on all the old school things that RTS´s used during the golden era and then adding some, played both multi and singleplayer and line between is in fact smooth and great, what you learn in MP you can use in SP and the other way around.Gameplay it is like any old RTS would be, bad guys wanna destroy the world good guys gotta stop them but as far as story goes it gets the job done, we have the old ""mission"" style of singleplayer missions, sadly not a whole lot of missions in singleplayer which kinda sucks, wish there had been more.They are truely bringing RTS to a new level while staying true to the old RTS era with base building, superweapons and much much more.Graphic wise this is truely top of the line, the details put into every little unit is amazing and the battlefield can be almost fully destroyed with bombs or superweapons or more. The camera and new satelite mode is both smooth to switch between and both has it´s benefits. You will rarely see a game with this much details into the fine smaller items/units which truely makes the game great.Multiplayer is in fact surprising optimized, I´m still using my mobile broadband and have no issues playing with anyone, I rarely see a DC or a network crash even tho I´ve played with people across the world and that is truely rare in this day of age. The multiplayer is as balanced as a RTS can be and there is always a counter to every unit which makes even the tier 1 units valuable in MP.All in all this is the best RTS I´ve played for a long long time and also in the top 5 of best RTS`s I´ve ever played, as said only thing I would have liked is more singleplayer missions however knowing Eugen Systems we are gonna get a lot of nice updates for free ^_^So if you like RTS, specially C&C Generals or Red Alert 2 this is a MUST HAVE for your collection in every aspect."
,Recommended,318020,17851793,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"A little overwhelming (at first) for an RTS, but definitely a damn good one. This is the RTS that this genre has been needing for years, technological upgrades, extensive building options, lots of units with factions that are extremely varied. And the good old gamebreaking nukes you get at the end of the game... this most certainly shows that the genre is not dead and still has economic viability. And don't worry, this game isn't a carbon copy rock-paper-scissors game. While yes, certain units are better at bringing down certain units, infantry are equipped to bring down other infantry, vehicles and aircraft, just as the other types can bring down infantry as well. Just the U.S. Army alone has mortarmen, artillery SPGs, Tanks, 6 different types of infantry including Delta Force types with air support in the form of F-35s (god forbid) B-2's and F-22s.Gameplay and Impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZpMGHhaSsgResources even operate like classic strategy games except, rather than having to assign worker units to refineries, it works more like CnC where you build a refinery and it uses up all the resources in that area... once it's done, move on to the next place. By the way, there are 3 resources in the game, oil, aluminum and ""rare-earth ores."" You have three technological levels (as the US Army) which can be reached by gaining more resources and they unlock new techs, units and powers.The battles get really crazy, really fast and the AI will not hold back against you. Definitely a recommended title."
,Recommended,318020,18935904,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GeoffSmites,"A very well done successor to C&C Generals minus the generals.If you were like me and got mad at EA for canceling C&C generals 2, then this will sate your thirst, my friend."
76561197973719905,Recommended,318020,18585514,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Der_Poftbote,"This is the first time I ever felt the need to write a review on steam.At the moment I played Act of Aggression for about 63 hours and I had a BLAST!Here is why:- I LOVE to play together with friends against AI. Sometimes I'm just to tired to get into a game against humans and all I want is to play a few rounds with friends. This game delivers exactly that.- I really enjoy the way this game approaches it's take on RTS. The resource mechanic feels challanging but not unfair (a few matches forced me to expand more than I wanted because the #%$! rare earth was quite a bit away from my base. I like the prisoner mechanic, sure, you need a some micro management for that but the reward for that effort is worth it. The airstrikes feel like skillshots from MOBAs (which I also enjoy) and added a rewarding gameplay mechanic (shooting hostile bombers down RIGHT before your base just makes my day!).- One of my favorite RTS games is Supreme Commander, always loved it's complexity. I was really disappointed when Supreme Commander 2 was kinda ""dumbed down"" to be more accessible. Still enjoyed the game. Act of Aggression feels like it didn't went for those compromises (sure, they certainly made some) and I can dig in stats and rich unit diversity.- Reliable netcode: This one is easy. I never finished a multiplayer game C&C Generals with the infantry general. Ever. When i picked up C&C 3 about 1/5 multipalyer games disconnected because of the netcode (I played friends, we used voice chat, so there were no issues on provider side). This shouldn't be a plus, it should be a given for every game that has multiplayer. Shame it isn't.I am honestly surprised about how many negative reviews there are. Maybe others expected something different from this game. I did not. It delivered what I felt it promiesd. Sure, the singleplayer lacks cutscenes. And balancing needs some tweaking (I mostly play Chimera). I can live with that.So, in a nutshell: I am 33, my first RTS was Dune, played all kinds of RTS, even the weird ones like War Wind and I can recommend this game without a doubt. Is it perfect? Well, obviously not. Still a bloody fun game."
76561197962449090,Recommended,318020,34360566,Posted: 19 August,all,Bayemon,"This is as close as we have gotten to a Generals game in quite a while.  If you are a C&C fan this will definitely fall short of expectations, so I cannot say buy it full price, but I would reccomend picking it up if you see a good sale."
76561198021917761,Recommended,318020,34471128,Posted: 24 August,all,CountAsh80,"the negative reviews for this game do not do this game any justice at all. I did not try this game myself for the negative reviews and finally I decided to give it a try. It is awesome. great RTS with realistic combat units. Patriot missile system, F35 lightining planes etc. how cool is that. Great graphics. Easy to play.  So many range of units and options of maps. How can you dislike this game?. I have played almost every RTS that exist in the planet and this game is by far one of my favorites. Give it a try and dont trust the reviews, I did and now I love it.  Very unjust negative reviews. Excellent game. I been a gamer for over 30 years. Try it."
,Recommended,318020,18942441,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Soup Teeth,"Its a good game, but it feels unfinished. The united states feels like the only actual finished nation. The UN and the mercenaries feel too similar, they are next to identical nations. I wish they made the nations a bit more different maybe replacing the mercenaries with a nation that focuses on mass infantry, anything that would create a bit of difference.All in all. Its a good game, but feels unfinished with all the nations being so similar and unfleshed out.6.5/10"
76561197970110169,Not Recommended,318020,17900272,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,HawK,"Pros;The game looks good and runs smooth.Structure strength is about perfect.  A small force can’t demolish a base or garrisoned buildings in seconds.Garrisoning is a strong ability in the game.Scouting is done well.Ai seems good so far.Maps aren’t too small.Camera can zoom out to the entire battlefield.Cons;Lacking in controls / key bindings:  I kept looking in the options menu to find key bindings for options that simply didn’t exist, such as select all units on the map (not just the screen)Camera control is missing the ability to use a mouse (hold) button to move the camera.  If it’s not a default there should be an option to allow it.  Pushing the screen edges is slow and annoying, using WASD takes your left hand away from what it should be doing in an RTS…using the keyboard for hundreds of other shortcuts.The tech tree is a mess.  Upgrades are spread out in too many building sub-menus and there’s no overall clear picture of what has been upgraded, what you can upgrade next or what is required to upgrade.  A simple SupCom style upgrade screen would be ideal.The build menus are cumbersome to use.  Structures are organized by tech level instead of by function.  Tabs for defenses, resources, vehicles, infantry, tech etc. would have been much easier to use.Defenses seem almost irrelevant.   No wall building, very limited Anti-ground vehicle & infantry defenses.There’s no way to select all units and have them show on a menu or sub-menu.  So if you are looking for a unit that you know is out there somewhere you have to physically search the whole map for it.No tutorial.No capturable structures other than banksNo dual monitor support.  In an RTS a using second monitor for the mini-map is a really nice option.  Dual monitors have been common for a long time now!No custom camera memory options (i.e. to quickly set camera positions for custom areas of the map and then hit a button to go there)No guard / follow option for units such as repair unit.No patrol options.  Especially helpful for repair units / air units / stealth detection units.No fighter jets / bombers except for off screen airstrikes.No unit waypoint visualizations.Units view distance doesn’t match fire distance. (Artillery should require spotters / drones or something to explain their ability to aim blind)No formation options (such as hold both mouse buttons and drag for options).The game is unintuitive when build queues stop for whatever reason.There are too many vehicles that look the same and confuse the battlefield.Too many structures that seem ambiguous and unnecessary.The drone camera view is cool but not fully exploited.  It should be an unlock and possibly provide more data or have more upgrade options.There are very few tactical strike options that can surprise an enemy beyond the bombing ability.  So everything is about the main attack force.  No commando style drops or researched abilities to help turn the tide, or ways to promote more clandestine tactics.No aggressive neutral factions in the game.  No random weather or tectonic events (not essential in an RTS but it makes things more immersive and varied)OVERALLI feel that this game has the potential to be really good but it has been let down by being rushed to market or just a lack of overall vision.If you're a casual RTS gamer you'll probably be ok with this game.  If however you regularly play RTS games then this one will likely disappoint.I really wanted to like this game but I’ll be playing modded CNC3: Tiberium Wars & Generals: Zero Hour and SupCom until something better comes along."
,Not Recommended,318020,25103518,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,zterrans,"It just fails to be what it should.  It had such promise, it was to be the true followup to Act of War, but it fell short, and even the Reboot Edition hasn't done enough to fix things.  Its ungodly slow to buildup any kind of force, the campaign is poor, and the AI seems a bit broken.  I love the idea of them trying to ressurrect the base-building RTS, but they did not succeed here, even after plenty of time to patch and fix."
76561197968568482,Recommended,318020,17850461,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,traviniperv,"Feels VERY similar to Act of War. Many of the units even have the same name. There is again a US Army which (again) deploys Marines for some strange reason. The Sryker is now a US Army unit and lacks upgrades, but the Humvee now has upgrades for TOW missiles, a machine gun, or Mortar. The Stinger soldier is now US Army. The basic marine has a LMG upgrade instead of the grenade launcher. So pretty much just a remix of the old units.You need to set up refineries to collect oil, and put troops in building to steal cash. There is a defcon 2 and 1 you need to research before you get better buildings and units.Some small differences, they added metal and rare earth elements as additional resources. You put up buildings directly from the HQ (they send out a little constructor after a couple seconds), you need power as before, but its measured in single units rather than 100 megawatts at a time.There are more upgrades, and many of them come from a traditional Armory building, which of course has prerequisite buildings.You can zoom much further out in normal mode, and there is a satelite view mode almost as good as the tactical map mode in Supreme Commander.The base game loads a little slower, but once you are in the game loading up skirmishes and campaigns is almost instant, which is very convenient. Graphics are almost exactly the same as Act of War but with more advanced shaders, ambient occlusion, and some other modern effects. The sound track is a faster paced, techno-rock style deal. And it plays continuously as you move from the menu to a skirmish. Theres a few more audio controls, nothing major.AI is pretty good. Even on Very Easy it puts up a halfway decent fight. Theres a few more options for skirmishes, but nothing special. You can now use WASD to move the camera around. Many commands are issued with Q, E, and R.Overall its really just a small upgrade from Act of War. If you loved the first game and its expansion, you will love this.If you didnt like Act of War at all, theres nothing here to change your mind."
,Not Recommended,318020,23724746,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,NerdShowandTell,"Fun for a few hrs, then gets old due to no map editor and bugs that seem to never get fixed (Can't build miniguns after certain upgrade, AI, etc).  Lots of potential but lack of continued development is disturbing."
,Recommended,318020,17927074,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Netput,"This game is a true gem. It still has some rough edges but is absolutely great to play. Eugen system outdid themselves with Act of Aggression. Please note that this game is quite hard to learn due to having a lot of units and upgrades. Once you get the hang of it however, it is absolutely great to play."
76561197980491744,Not Recommended,318020,26700017,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ohmtastic,"New NVIDIA graphics driver was released a little while ago now, causes a graphics bug where the textures are displayed in a kaleidoscope of colours and pixels. Currently not playable."
76561198021990501,Recommended,318020,17855071,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Chemdude8,"Have played over 100 games, really love this game, I'll say it's very much like the original Command And Conquer Generals (would love to see an expansion for this become more Zero Hour esc).  Absolutely worth the money even just for the multiplayer alone (it does have a single player which I suppose I'll play when I can't commit to 30 minutes to play online).Have been super pleased thus far and even bought two copies for friends because it's worth it."
76561198018229670,Recommended,318020,18952616,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Louvellan,"An excellent callback to a more glorious time of RTS, when RTS actually meant strategy, not a race for action-per-minutes nor babysitting a handful of units.Here you get to build bases, make meaningful choices, balance your economy and get to learn and fight three very different factions. Don't be fooled by the negative reviews ; many people were expecting a clone of C&C Generals, which it isn't, or a Wargame 4, which it is even less.Act of Aggression is very much its own game. It launched with flaws that have been thoroughly patched by a competent dev team which happily listens to their community. More changes are to come, and the game still isn't perfect ; that doesn't mean you shouldn't buy it if you're looking to scratch that good old RTS itch : you'll enjoy it very much."
76561198047022320,Recommended,318020,22576574,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,^^ZxGanon^^,The Reboot Version of this game is way better than the old one.I have played many hours and got to the top 5 in 1v1 rankings and I do enjoy it.The game is interesting for Casuals and for Competitive Players.Sometimes it is a bit confusing how the actually unit counters work but it is learned after 4-5 games.
76561198048574801,Recommended,318020,30973888,Posted: 5 April,all,tomahawkza,"Act of Aggression (Reboot) is seriously worth consideration if you are looking for something Similar to Red Alert 2 which is  better than Red Alert 3.Act of Aggression has a steep learning curve and is extremely unforgiving.  The game might be slow paced at first, but make any tactical error or bad build order choice early on and it will haunt you relentlessly.  Initally the game was not much fun to play at all, but gradually as the play mechanics and general nuances became more familiar the game became more fun to play.The AI in skirmish mode can be downright brutal (even at the ""Very Easy"" setting) and expect to lose the first few matches horribly.This game sits somewhere in the middle ground between C&C Red Alert 3 and Company of Heroes 2.  While not as good as Red Alert 2 Act of Aggression is sadly the closest thing you can play if you are running windows 10.Alternative games to look at include:Command and Conquer 3Command and Conquer 3 Kanes WrathDawn of WarDawn of War 2Age of MythologyAge of Empires 2Rise of Nations 2Rise of LegendsWarcraft 2Warcraft 3StarcraftStarcraft 2All things considered Act of Agression is a reasonable game but is far from perfect.  The game has really good graphics and decent sound effects.  The music is reasonable but not as iconic or memorable as the thumping tracks on Red Alert 2.Players who are willing to climb the steep learning curve and invest a few hours will be rewarded with a fun and challenging gaming experience.  While the game does not warant consideration at full price, it is certainly worth getting when it is on special or offered at a good discount.Rating:First Impression  0 / 10Graphics 8 / 10Sound     7 / 10Story       6 / 10Music      5 / 10Replayability  7 / 10Value for money at full price  4 / 10Fun         6 / 10Challenge  9 / 10Balance     5 / 10Originality   6 / 10Map design  7 / 10Overall Rating a very solid  6 / 10  (It is OK but far from perfect)Seriously worth consideration if you are looking for something Similar to Red Alert 2 which is  better than Red Alert 3."
76561198037150012,Not Recommended,318020,21308482,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sovereign2161,"Well what can I say..... In concept its a fine game, the skirmish works good and the gameplay feels solid and fun. It puts you in mind of the old 90s style RTS which is a good thing if you grew up on them like I did. Multiplayer is almost dead unfortunantly with only maybe a hundred on at a time but is rather nice when you can get into a match. My biggest gripe about the game has to be the single player campaigns. The voice acting is atrocious, campaign missions don't have much of a plot or point in my opinion, and in a lot of missions it feels like they perpously set you up for failure and make it to where some missions have to be played 2-3 times or more before you can actually get well enough off to beat them. The real question is does it stand up to those it is trying to live up to such as C&C 3 and Red Alert 3, and sadly the answer is no. Its a fun game with great potential and I would recomend it to anyone just itching for a classic feeling RTS, but for anyone who is unfamiliar with the genre don't buy it. You'll be waisting your  money. As far as final verdict its probably only a 6/10 at the most feeling generous. It's not terrible but deffinitly needs improved upon."
76561198030031049,Recommended,318020,17849943,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,KaanBabaBurda,"If you are a former act of war player,then you would most likely to fall in love with this game.For other players,you need to understand that this game has a complexity to understand but it's feels great to solve it as you get to know how to play.Eugen systems never failed to amuse me with their innovative ideas.So keep your hopes high,you won't regret it.+ Great graphics+ Complexity+ Various tactics to develop+ GREAT BALANCE-  Complexity (well it changes for people ):))8-9/10"
,Recommended,318020,17868856,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Arixodia,"It's like the long lost son of C&C Generals, I hope this heralds a return to the good old days of solid RTS games.A must buy for any true RTS fan especially if you grew up playing C&C Red Alert etc."
76561197988168308,Recommended,318020,18001319,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Uriak,"Not used to write game feedback but I feel this game is getting some undeserved negativity.Rather than listing pro/cons I'm gonna explain what are the issues and how you may offset them.Foremost, AoA is NOT a wargame, Command and conquer, World in Conflict, R.U.S.E., it is its own thing with its own pacing, rules etc. If you are looking for something you have already experienced you won't find it, but you should consider liking AoA for what it provides.Now the game is quite ROUGH on the edges. The single player campaign doesn't really acknowledge it and can leave one quite puzzled and sore, and barely acts as a turorial. The UI could be better and maybe there are some specific commands you'll miss from others games. There are many units and upgrades and understanding what you can do with a specific faction can be a daunting task. One tends to play the game zoomed out and units/vehicles/buildings can be difficult to tell apart. All considered the game requires quite a knowledge base to be enjoyable.So my advice would be to go on SKIRMISH right away. There are 5 AI difficulty levels, the lowest being very gentle. Take your time and discover each faction tech tree at your own pace.Now what features are quite specific to Act of Aggression.3 resources + power. They work like the mineral/gaz combo from starcraft : some upgrades and units will lean rather toward one resource or the other so you'll have to either plan accordingly or know what to buy when your income is unbalanced. Now something VERY IMPORTANT : you pay only while something is being produced, not right away like in other games. There is a specific missing resource icon showing up on buildings that can't provide your order due to missing elements, so check on them and don't panic. Consider removing a queued command that is stalling your production.The game has a fair pacing. Hard counters can kill quickly, but overall the map size gives time to plan and react to events, and swarms can be punished with entreched infantry and area of effect weapons. Defenses can be quite strong, and infantry is essential in urbanized areas.Downed units can leave wounded and pilots to be captured by enemy infantry, and they provide both immediate and long term income. So don't be a fool and give them to your opponent on a plate, or be a prick and fire on your own downed men if you feel that way XD. you can heal up your wounded infantry or extract your pilots, both giving you savings and avoiding their capture.A quick feedback on the 3 factions :U.S. is the more user friendly. Specialized units, rather solid armor, and very powerful end tier artillery and bombers. U.S. player can put their defenses wherever they please and setup quite solid defensive position with their powerful infantry. Their armor is cheap on aluminium.Cartel : powerful and single resource type infantry, with insane range once upgraded. Can build their barracks in any place. Late game they have access to a really wide range of stealth units. Those have a first shot bonus when attacking unsuspecting victims. Their vehicles are quite fragile so excert cautionChimaera : choices can feel quite limited in early game but the more they tech up, the more omnipotent their units become. You can turn many units into anti tank/ anti air / anti missile combo, they have some powerful upgraded infantry in end game. Their pricing is quite different from their counterparts as many units can cost a lot of a single resources instead of a mix of them. Have overall the best recon units in the game.A final word about the graphics. The game is often played zoomed out and this can be quite disappointing. The game itself is beautiful but let's be honest, infantry and smaller vehicles can be difficult to tell apart. That said, late game stages can be quite terrific, with powerful artillery and missiles barrages countered by vulcan defenses etc. These moments are quite the reward for the dedicated player.Conclusion : the game doesn't provide a smooth experience at first glance. It's not as rough as the WARGAME serie can be, but you have there is quite a burden of knowledge attached to it. Once you get used to playing the factions, you'll be reap the reward, by staging successful ambushes, frantically defending a besieged city or covering large areas in ordinance."
,Recommended,318020,17893114,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Satoverlord,"A classicy piece based on the golden formula of RTS w/ balanced factions, modern graphics, awesome satellite view, etc. Fun to play. And as many reviews said, it bears similarities to C&C generals.However, shallow singleplayer campaign and annoying resources system is its major downside.Generally speaking, AoA is an RTS heavily relying on its multiplayer. But still needs a couple of enhancement/tweaks before it can surpass C&C generals in terms of gameplay.(Naval battle plz) I personally hope more content will be added in the future through updates.Recommended buying it only when it's on sale/during free weekends.UPDATED: Eugen is kind enough to give it a reboot based on players' reviews. Haven't play it yet, but I'm looking forward to it."
,Not Recommended,318020,32929400,Posted: 28 June,all,columboolean operator,"I had high hopes for this but the devs have abandoned the game, no updates and only a few maps. The AI handling YOUR vehicles is stupid and you loose many tank because of this, the AI handling the enemy vehicles does not seem to have this issue. They also know always where you are and what you are lacking of. The AI is cheating but can be beaten.There only a few players around to have a match with, ranked match search yields never a result so you probably will be cannon fodder for some while.Graphics are nice, although if you want to see the battlefield properly then you will be in satellite view, which is simplistic (grey background and the units in colour of the armies)I have played mostly the Reboot edition, the original game comes with the installation but has a steeper learning curve.The original has a solo campaign which is ok.Just google for Act of Aggression - Reboot Edition and see for yourself how little there is. Not even a manual."
,Recommended,318020,18524069,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,fake,"if you enjoyed command & conquer: generals (+ zero hour), this game is for you. with top-notch graphics, a very clever AI and simply the best network code i've seen in a game like this, ea can just drop the franchise - they lost the battle to Act of Aggression before it even started.the balancing is near-to-perfect, and the three-resource-system with each of the three factions being able to synthesize one of them with buildings and another through micro-management guarantees a lot of fun trying to master all of them.regarding the network code: i was able to play this together with two friends while having around 25% packet loss due to a hickup at my ISP. there were only very few lags, the game was still perfectly playable. when i disconnected once, my friends got control over my units and buildings, even though i was the one who started the game. brilliant!don't be shocked when you switch from ""Very Easy"" to ""Easy"" AIs - yes, they will have a nuke sent your way every 30 seconds if you don't keep up the pressure.i definitely, 100%, hands down, absolutely recommend this game!"
76561198024097340,Not Recommended,318020,22928004,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wolf-ferrari,"I was excited about this game and pre-ordered it. I was not a fan of the previous version of it before the reboot. There was discreptancy between the factions, a complicated resource gathering structure of having three resources to gather and manage. I gave this game several chances as I am a fan of other Eugen games.During the reboot beta, I was overjoyed and I did notice something was amiss - namely the single player campaign. Now that the reboot has been officially launched, what do we find? The single player campaign has been omited from their reboot. This just seems like a lazy effort. If you create a product and then want to reboot it, you would expect that it would be a full reboot. For this reason, I am giving this game a pass."
,Not Recommended,318020,25066370,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Infowars Super Male Vitality,So its just Act of War with fewer features? What the ♥♥♥♥???
76561198011235809,Not Recommended,318020,34137277,Posted: 9 August,all,Flakman08,"This game had so much potential. Kind of like the C&C Generals sequel that never happened. The execution was poor though. Infantry are irrelevant to gameplay and now there are constant crashes amongst other issues. Not a bad game, but the lack of support to correct the glaring issues makes it not worthwhile."
76561198031965163,Recommended,318020,17849668,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Morkulth,I have only been playing for a couple of hours but my god is this game in my feels. Hits on all my RTS sweet spots and is truly Command and Conquer General's long lost brother. The fundamentals of the game do take some time to pick up on but lead to some awesome units and visually appealing gameplay.The graphics are also pretty top notch for a wargame and no bugs have been found as of yet. Highly recommend for anyone looking fall back in love with the RTS genre.
76561198152090419,Not Recommended,318020,27398748,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♥ belle mariano,"Pros:1. Comparable to C and C generals.2. Excellent animation3. Unique gameplay, way better than than GENERALS4. Very realistic.Cons:1. Poor marketing of the game which results to few players2. Weak support from developers3. Bad server.4. AI is stupidI would have still played this game had the developers done the right thing. No support, they just left us. Unbelievable. No respect for those who love the game. They were tired for their failure.I will play this again if more players come and the server improves."
76561198126823792,Not Recommended,318020,20930593,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,reshgore,The game play is amazing and really fun but there are no maps to play on. theres a few 4 player maps but only 3 six player maps and 3 of the 8 player maps so if you are like me and want to play with lots of people in giant free for all you can only do it on the same map. it also is very controling about the teams you can only pick 2v2 4v4 or ffa. kinda sucks if your odd like me and wanna play a 2v3vme game with AI just for the challange but all you get to do is pick 4v4 and drop your team mates for a 4v1 or somthing and you cant change where people will spawn on the map its always at the other end of the map so close base rush games. the campaign is TERRIBLE the voice acting is horrible the missions are lame and spike randomly in difficulty. i can play 1v3 very hard AIs and win but cant beat some missions in the campain. last point the game has a really dumb lvl system where you just get 100 xp for every game you play no matter if you played with very hard ai on your team vs easy ai. you get nothing for lvling up its just for show but its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system. one last thing there has been zero content for this game and there is no talk of adding new maps to the game if you go to there website there just talking about working on other games like they gave up on this one. im sure there gonna add more maps but it may be a year from now. If you like old school games like C&C then buy this game but if you want content go back to playing starcraft
76561198054470964,Recommended,318020,17940483,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BELTALOWDA,"This game is absolutely amazing for those who appreciate strategy base-building games. It has been a long time since they made a strategy game this good. The graphics details is outstanding, you can zoom in and actually see every single detail in the building or other stuff. There is everything from all kinds of infantry, vehicles,tanks and aircraft AND weapons of mass destruction. It was very difficult at first to figure out the proper build order and how to gather resources in the fastest way, but you will get the hang of it. starcraft2 is childplay compared to this."
,Recommended,318020,22683488,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AceOne8,"I like the reboot version a lot better then the original launch game. The reboot made some really good changes to gameplay, bringing back the classic rts feel to it. If you like command & conquer generals then you will get a kick out of this one. You can tell the developers really want to please the rts fans with all the updates. Great game."
,Recommended,318020,17874252,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Supersonic,If you loved Command and Conquer Generals. You will love Act of Aggression
,Recommended,318020,18774906,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dambielo,"It does feel a little bit lacking in sooooome aspects, but overall I'd say it's an extremely fun game to play.Would recommend buying it on sale though, full price is a bit much."
,Recommended,318020,17939120,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,DJ Street Love,"Takes a little getting used to, but that could just be me. I'm not a huge Command And Conquer-esque RTS guy, so the experience initally may be different for everyone.Pros:Interesting unit variety and upgradesFun multiplayerCompetent AI (For new players at least, I can't speak for the more experienced yet)Interesting tier system for base buildingThree resources keep the game interestingEasy to runCons:Boring CampaignNo tutorial"
76561198024456204,Recommended,318020,22394188,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ricky Balboa,"At first I was really excited about this game since I love the Wargame franchaise. But this game let me down.With the new ""Reboot Edition"" I see this game in a new light.This game now feels like a spirtual successor to C&C Generals, unfortunaly not as fun, but still, an enjoyable game.If you like strategy games I do indeed recommend this game"
76561197999370774,Not Recommended,318020,23574433,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Anthony[DG],"Don't be fooled by the reboot edition. It does add a few fixes, but mostly it dumbs down the game by removing the economy system and flux build."
,Recommended,318020,17860936,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DanielUSA,Bring back great memories of the good old times when RTS are great
,Not Recommended,318020,20527479,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,GreaseGunner,"Regret buying this game. I thought it would be fun to play something like Generals again but it isn't. It's another game that revolved around clicking fast and exploiting gimmicks. To give you an idea on how bad the game is, at release it peaked at around 3000 players and within a month went to 633 and has never gone above that number again. Compared to their other game Red Dragon that still has over a thousand players a day.Do yourself a favor and avoid this game at all costs. Get Wargame instead and convince Eugen to stick to making good games."
76561197977750775,Not Recommended,318020,25063025,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Hunter S. Thompson,"I am really craving for a good RTS title. Unfortunately, this is not it. Besides the massive performance problems I have with my 940m gpu it just isnt well thought through gameplaywise. They also refuse to work on it anymore as it seems. Reboot edition was just a way to get some quick cash"
76561197964909121,Recommended,318020,18631007,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kane McNash,"You really don't get these kind of game today, aside from Petroglyph's Grey Goo valiant effort there are next to zero attempts to bring back classic RTS, however Eugen Systems team seem to have no fear on betting for the genre, something I am extremely grateful for as Act of Aggression brings back the memories of past decades of gaming while ensuring a future for the genre.The first thing you notice with Act of Aggression is that it follows some of the traditions set in the 90s and the 00s for RTS games, large bases with multiple construction buildings, tech trees and upgrades, an electronic rock OST, the possibility to create different kind of units which allow you for a wide array of tactics and strategies, all the tools necessary to set large battles which are all the easier thanks to an extremely optimized visual engine, and while some of the particle effects are a bit outdated the models and textures are very nice, showing you don’t need to overload particles to make things look well.Gameplay wise factions have a very delicate balance which have been improved with every new patch, you can either attempt rushes, turtle, steamroll your enemy or a combination of all these tactics, there is some initial difficulty for those new to the genre due the lack of a tutorial campaign, but a few rounds against a very easy AI and some checks atGamereplays.orgposts and Eugen Systems blogs as well as Youtube videos can help you get ready for action.Please do notice the distribution of resources on this game is random in the sense you will always get enough resources to start your economies, but oil, aluminum and rare earth element deposits are randomly placed in your perimeter, which adds the necessity for exploration. Another important point is to know where to place your refinery, the most efficient way is to place it in the middle of an specific deposit, as this will allow you to access it without need for more than one structure per deposit.From a campaign perspective you get a quite simple and not too ambitious history about modern military operations and world conspiracy, while sadly it seems like this part received the short end of the budget with just videologs, the missions can still enjoyable just for the sake of the challenge, I really hope Eugen Systems may improve on that point in the coming future.The AI in this game is quite nice, don’t expect it to make exceptional movements but it can be tricky and sometimes it can outflank you and quickly expand to capitalize their economy. Also it can defend itself quite decently against early rushes and give you a challenge once it gets enough resources.Overall the game is very good, and while there are some points which are still in need of some fix Eugen Systems team have shown they care about their games, keeping them patched and even releasing “free DLC” updates which don’t cost you a cent and add new stuff to the game.Score: 9/10"
76561198022064533,Recommended,318020,18024712,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Pops,"This is a great game!I have played these types of games for 20+ years, and this ranks among the best of the best all the way around.It reminds me of the hay days of Total Annihilation and Dune 2000, only with todays computers we dont have the lag and unit limits of the past.This is not only a blast to play, but it continues to challenge 30+ hours of game play later.If you like challenging RTS games and the complexities of fast thinking combat, this is for you.This game can frustrate even the best players with its lethal AI, so don't think you are going to jump, dominate the AI and move on live players to have a challenge. The fact is, others players can be significatantly easier to beat than the AI.Hats off to these guys for creating an amazing peace of work and a great way for us to rule the battle fields."
76561198062543747,Recommended,318020,30952829,Posted: 4 April,all,Trident_85,"A spiritual successor and a must-have for fans of C&C Generals. Does not take long to see the resemblence and to get the vibe from those games. Looks great and nice to see a good RTS done in contemporary world today instead of flying tanks etc. Had some crashes related to carpet-nukeing the enemy. Not sure if this is a technical problem on my end. The three factoins plays differently, but cant help feeling like the Cartel seems a little bit like NOD from C&C (AKA outlandish futureistic). But all in all, a great game."
,Not Recommended,318020,28468694,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zakâl,"Wow, this price? this REBOOT edition. Is unbelievably stupid. At £35.00 The logic is completely counter intuitive.The main problem is the lack of a player base. I loved this when it came out and was looking forward to some games with a buddy over christmas. Guys... no amount of updating is worth charging more than the original price. You have to build it first and then they will come. Rise of starcraft in asia? Rise of DOTA? Oh the same. Rise of Path of Exile, yes the same. You have to make something good and then leave it for a community to form. This just punishes all the people who bought the game when it came out by making absolutely certain that the non existent community will stay that way. Do not buy this game. Unless you want to be left alone with an incompetant AI and your own regret at having spent the same amount of money as for any number of seasonal blockbusters on what is essentially a BRICK of a game."
76561198025529892,Recommended,318020,23394745,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,invisiblewonder,"The greatest tale of redemption since the prodigal son! This game, which started out as a slow, confused mess bloated with loose ends and useless game mechanics, managed to redeem itself and even provide fun on a scale that would make it's father c&c Generals proud. If any game deserves your patronage, it's one that listens to angry fans and improves for maximum satisfaction.10/10 would give a second chance after a few months again"
76561198033433636,Recommended,318020,17927760,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Oldmav,"I like it so far, but this game needs a little work.It needs a little balancing. The Cartel seems to be a bit over powered at the moment.I also don't like how blown up tanks and buildings kill your units. That has to be my biggest complaint. I don't mind micro managing my units, but when i have to move one tank at a time into a fire position just so they don't get too close to a building it gets a little old. It also makes infantry useless."
76561198120799655,Not Recommended,318020,33286688,Posted: 5 July,all,Willtron,"The overall design and the way the factions are designed is good, albeit not that unique. The real problem this game has isn't how resources work or the types units, but how everthing behaves and moves. Infantry have next to no purpose unless placed in a building, Faster vehicles move ahead of slower vehicles automatically (fine if they are scouting, not fine if your healers move faster than your tanks), and the game lacks any new features or interesting features to set it apart. Overall, this game is dull and frustrating to work, the devs just need to let this one go and learn from their mistakes and put less money into marketing and more into unit pathing."
,Recommended,318020,17924360,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Tyler,"Awesome game if you want the spiritual successor to Command and Conquer Generals. Tons of fun, decenty campaign and skirmish.Does not have fancy cover mechanics for infantry like COH, superweapons are hugely powerul and units die quickly."
,Not Recommended,318020,34648181,Posted: 31 August,all,Dahl,"I love Wargame, Red Dragon and have enjoyed a lot of Eugen's stuff over the years. That being said, this game has quite a bit of room for improvement. Although two years on, it seems like the devs have just given up on it. I would never buy it full price, maybe on sale.The reboot edition is rather lackluster and pretty boring. You can never find anyone to play either, and their rework is a little strange.The original game's campaign is pretty compelling. Units just are kind of strange.Infantry is a pretty useless weapon except for when in buildings. In the open they always get mowed down by anything bigger than them.The three-resource system is an interesting take on the idea, but the resource gathering is probably the weakest part of the original version. Having to locate and manage resources, and adequately defend and manage them, is a pretty difficult task to do on top of fighting. Also units have a very difficult time handling any sort of artillery units. Rather than opting to go and automatically track down the source of their artillery fire, they have to be manually handled. Defenses for bases are pretty boring and don't actually do a very good job of defending, leaving even more management to the end user. The game isnt' special and doesn't really bring anything new to the table that would make anyone change anything."
,Recommended,318020,17862934,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,narwhal,"Despite a bit of a learning curve and some not-so intuitive features at first, Act of Aggression is an incredible RTS with excellent online play and great performance. Most machines should be able to handle 4v4 matches and enjoy large battles on screen, and the game handles pacing very well with both 1v1 and team games. Once you get used to the resource/bank/capture system, and how to make your units move along highways without getting themselves killed, you're all set.The game employs a few new mechanics that make it the 'Counter-Strike' of RTS, fringing on realism with total arcade action. Vehicles can have multiple hard points with different weapon upgrades, rockets can be intercepted, infantry can capture and occupy buildings, and even a horizon full of nuclear ICBMs can be taken down by a patriot battery or a mobile anti-ballistic vehicle. Vehicles drive faster on roads, and prefer to be on roads, but deviations through open ground can make for a tactical advantage. This makes for an incredible RTS with good pacing and lots of depth and potential strategies, and it's not a twitchy high APM RTS either, so you're able to enjoy it even if you're relatively new to the genre."
,Not Recommended,318020,17925822,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Basura Nephilim,"Disclaimers / backgroundTime played is incorrect.Alright, i'm a huge nut for CnC generals. Loved the game to death.I saw total biscuit cover this game on his channel.Now, I don't always agree with TB, but his views are arguements are solid most of the time.I've been playing the game for a few days now, and am playing ranked at a  mid-high / low-high level.I've been watching streamers, and have been around the forums collecting information.I have not played the single player.With those things in mind, i'm going to write a review with points I feel are very important and worth mentioning.positives:- Familiar feel / atmosphere- Unit variety- 3 factions semi-asymetrical- fairly active community (as of now)- Symetrical maps- Intensive micro- Fairly complex resource management- Posibility for different styles of play- Game looks pretty decent- Benchsmarks and chooses settings automatically at the start (can change manually in the options)Negatives- Symetrical maps- Varying quality of voice acting- 0.5 seconds unit reaciton to inputs- Factions are semi-asymetrical- Missing functionalities (there's quite a few, so i'll put these in the explenation)- Dev's give suggestion topics the silent treatment a lot- No tutorial / difficulty curve- No rebindable hotkeys / weird hotkeys- General lack of polish / unfinished feelPositives expanded:- Right off the bat, the music and looks plunge you into a sense of familiarity and nostalgia.For me this was Red allert music, combined with visuals in a way that reminded me of Command and conquer generals (just WAY better). So, the atmosphere is set, and it's a plus. Units look flavourful, and have personalities (some just more than others, but more on this later).- Every faction has a variety in units, some very specialized and some good for general purpose. Allowing for variety in your strategy, or in unit selection to counter your oponents.- Every faction has it's own strongsuits and weakpoints. This emphazises certain gameplay in certain matchups, or in general. I consider this to be a pro and a con.- Both on the forums, in the chat and to a lesser extend in the (ranked) matchmaking, there's a lot of people active. It's 500 on low-tide, and 1500 at rush hours. Keep into consideration that this is ALL PLAYERS, this means singleplayer, multiplayer, ranked and chatlobby.  So basically people that have the game on, not necesarily active in a certain aspect.The forums are fairly active, with suggestion threads and some guides here and there.- The maps are symetrical, sometimes the resources are switched up a bit, but are always in the same place. The types may vary, but all in all it's fairly same-ey most of the time.- Units benefit HUGELY from micro. Splitting, focus firing,kiting, move-shooting, or preventing overkill is a HUGE part of the game.- There are 3 different types of resources, with each being less basic and necesary for more high tech upgrades and units. Every faction has it's own collection and deposit system. What they all share is that for the aluminum and rare earth is that there's a cap on how much you can STORE at a time. This capacity can be upgraded with certain buildings.There is also the prisoner of war system, capturing wounded enemy infantry or stranded vehicle pilots will bolster your economy with extra instant income, and with resource trickle, if you have the facilities to keep them in.- As every faction is different, and they have unit variety, you can opt for different strategies. Given not all of them work well vs certian factions or for certain factions, and there will always be a baseline, I feel that you have some wiggleroom to implement a strategem you prefer, going for certain unit and upgrades to supplement, or work around with your main army.- I saw a lot of people complaign about the graphics, but honestly? They're pretty damn good, and i'm not even running it at the fullest! The units look great, the environments are serviceable, though apearantly the tree's look pretty bad(?) until the point that it becomes somewhat of a meme to joke about them. Disclaimer: I'm a gameplay over graphics kind of person.- Benchmarking automatically, is LOVELY. This prevents you from having to fiddle in settings to find an optimum for looks, while giving the game a good run. Alright, when I spam AoE artillery the game drops a bit in framerate, but hey...it's not that bad.  The downside is that the game FORCES the benchmark, and this takes a few minutes.Negatives- The symetrical map makes it so that there's very little variety in tactical positioning you can do.- Some of the units have better LINES, but also better VOICEACTING. Some units are AMAZING (the punisher) some just are lame, and underwhelming (Vanguard sounds like a nervous frenchman, that forgot his anxiety medication and is wondering if he left the stove on at home.  He is supposed to be a highly trained uber-elite-mercenary).- This is something EVERYBODY complains about. When you click somewhere, the units take time to respond to your click. This is not due to lag, but it feels like it is. This makes micro so much more hard. Questions and accusations to the dev's yield little response. This is a HUGE factor in the game's enjoyment and playability imho.- The game is Semi-asymetrical. Every faction has a main battletank, troop transport, anti personel / AT -infantry. All with little specialisations and nuances, but in the end every faction has units that fill the same role in varying degrees of succes. (for example: US has a sniper, that is cloacked and has a long range, Cartel has a superfast (super squishy) sniper car with room for 2 passengers and medium-high firing range, while the Chimera have a stealth detecting sniper with Anti material rifle (good vs light vehicles AND infantry).- Lack of a timer, and a ton of other small functionalites put a HUGE damper on the playability and overal feel of the game. I'll put a link to a suggestion thread with all the missing functionality and you can determine for yourself how much of an issue it is.- If the dev's respond to the topics (containing suggestions), it's always very short, and very general / vague. More often than not, they just forego the trouble of opening their mouths to make themselves look a certain way, instead they just give everything the silent treamtent as a whole. Making them look like they don't care, and like they're not really incharge of situations that arise. This doesn't help me keep confidence in future titles they might or might not release.Now, in their favour: They have made some changes to certain mechanics that were getting a lot of flakk, but that might've been a one time occurence, only time will tell.- The game features no tutorial. If you want to learn to play, you've got the single player, skirmish or just downright multiplayer action. Reading guides and practising (and failing) are a MUST, if you want to get started. Luckily there is a replay system that you can use. It's basic, but it work to be able to analyse your matches (no going back on the timeline in the replay though...which just blows my mind).- Hotkeys. Some of the hotkeys are pretty decent, situated around the WASD combination. BUT! Then there's LUDICRIOUS ones, like ; to build a certain unit from a building. That is WAY too much space to cover quickly and efficiently. There's also very few hotkeys you can rebind. Suggestions for gridlock hotkeys have been made  (option 1 = q option 2 = w option 3 = e etc etc.) But....silent treatment.- This a more generalized feel, that just stems from all the things combined. I feel that all the small faults and irks in unit movement, missing functionality, voice acting quality, makes a big wrong, that I really want to ephasize. It's that nagging feeling that you get, that something isn't quite right.There is more, but character limit."
,Recommended,318020,22363764,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Glowy Bear,"I just played the new ""reboot"" beta and it felt like old times again. Eventhough I liked the earlier released version a lot too because the mechanics were new, I think that the ""reboot"" beta holds great potential. The mechanics really have a lot in common with the old command&conquer games I used to play. Whether you like the new mecahnics or the old mechanics or you would rather stay with the old command&conquer games. Here is something that C&C never did; releasing new 'improved' content without making you pay. They really are dedicated to the gamers and their experience."
76561198006079952,Recommended,318020,18938359,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PornStar ( . )( . ) *,"I personally really like this game, it's a great RTS, so much to learn! I love the strategic possibilities and the variety/ interaction between the factions. I was underwhelmed by the single player at first but after coming to terms with the lack of fancy cutscenes it has grown on me. The dev's seem to be listening to feedback and making improvements, the recent infantry patch has improved the game even more."
76561198018110850,Recommended,318020,18458898,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Cosmic Soup,Well worth the time investment as long as you're willing to work through the lack of a tutorial or solid campaign.Pros:- Asymetrical factions that are quite varied both in terms of style and mechanics- Very much in the spirit of old school RTS games.Cons:- Campaign is a little lackluster- Difficult learning curve early on
76561198058117473,Recommended,318020,18707552,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Doom-Dude,"Reminds me of the glory days of Command & Conquer: Generals. Granted, this game has a few flaws but not really anything that is too bad, it does take some getting use to. It is true, the game is far more economy based, and if you horde up enough units, it is easy to simply overwhelm the enemy, but what RTS isnt like that?I'd have to rate 8/10. I really enjoy this game."
76561198069801102,Not Recommended,318020,32518156,Posted: 17 June,all,The only row,"It's a good game feels just like to old command and conqure generals game. However if you look around closely you'll find out it is in no way original and it's literally just a flashy reskin of Act of War: High Treason; Allbeit a really good one. With this high speed graphic theft you'll find a lot of sem-original mechanics that make it highly different than any other rts. when playing against players it seems like you get to really worry about resources and your troops, not just spaming♥♥♥♥♥♥ but when playing against AI its just spam. Not to mention there is one really big issue I find with the game and that is the balancing. Two of the factions can spam one maybe two units and win the game, but the U.S. faction has one unit for every function makign them extremely weak. The cartel on the other hand can have invisible super tanks that can annhilate everytihng. Didn't realize the drug lords where that far in the future with their tech. Anyway the games not horrible, besides the sheer lack of balancing the game has.Update: with the Reboot edition the spamming and lack of balance has only become more of a problem. Now players can spam♥♥♥♥♥♥too because there is only one resource and they can just spam thier best units so why bother with the other stuff. Personally I liked the three resources in the game it made holding positions more important and it allowed you to mess with an enemy economically taking out on resource station could unbalance their economy, but now it basically does nothing.Update again: I havn't seen much activity from the dev's which makes me kind of sad and there definetly hasn't been any balancing done that I've noticed i.e. rail gun tanks still shoot to god damn fast for something so powerful and the cartel has invisible everything. Also reboot edition sucks. so with that in mind I'm no longer recommending the game."
,Recommended,318020,30148499,Posted: 24 February,all,The Frelle,"I really enjoyed the game before the Reboot edition, but even so, I am enjoying it EVEN more after the Reboot edition.From the grind of having resources, to the focus on mass-excuse-me-♥♥♥♥ing destruction and annihilation of your foe. It's got super weapons like any good RTS should have, and interesting upgrades, tech tier upgrades and unit choices for the 3 different factions... And they actually feel like 3 different factions, not just the same reskinned like so many other games tend to do. They're all very specialized in certain fields, and don't have the same play-style at all.A genuinely good game. With that being said, playing skirmish can become very tedious after some time, while playing with friends is extremely funny!*Note*The multiplayer is quite literally dead. Therefore I recommend playing with friends or against the AI in the Reboot edition."
76561198019528925,Recommended,318020,28413603,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mister P,"This review is to evaluate the Reboot edition of this game, which is basically a free add-on that changes the game, for me, to it's entirety.AOA in it's original format (With it's 3 resources) bored me to hell, as i found myself worrying too much about first scanning for resources, then getting my little builder trucks over to the fields safely, then to defend an outpost in the middle of the map - All to find that the entire time my AI enemy has already founded it's army and.. well.. gg.So, the reboot edition deserves praise, now the dev's have re-designed the resource system.It's far less micro-management and really allows me to focus on building my base and army, just like the good old days with C&C Generals!To me, this game is a new version of C&C. I love the units, the graphics, the upgrades, the various tactics..However - If i may throw my cards on the table, there's a few things i would suggest needs improving.Firstly. the maps. I play alot of online games and i must say, i've played the same 2 maps for the past two weeks and it's becoming incredibly tedious. More maps must be a priority!The last thing is more a personal groan but i feel the games don't tend to last half as long as they used to (Win or Lose) back with my other beloved C&C games. With AOA, it usually ends the game after the first rush from Chimera faction, as US are totally useless on defence. Maybe it's more that i suck at the game, but i feel the factions might be slightly unbalanced?Anyway, awesome game - If you liked C&C, get this game (only for the free Reboot Edition though!)Thanks Eugen Systems, for taking time to tweak this awesome title."
,Not Recommended,318020,28221410,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PhaseOne,"Dont give it a try, just play C&C Generals or whatever you like, but this game is not worth a single $.The AI = Holy crap is it bad, its really ridiculous how non existant the AI is, once you blocked their first attack they drive arround the map, let their bases undefended and do just nothing (on very hard).The Units = Boring, boring, boring - only the best units are good, the others are useless and infantry? Why is it even there?The Maps = Just plain stupid designt, boring and you dont see anything, the units move way to fast - and yeah tanks always can run away from helicopters because well they go with 400mph or soSuperweapons = Launch / counter / launch / counter ....Airforce = Maybe it works, maybe not who knowsFog of War = yeahi you can see about 100 meters, and thats all so your troops can defend one side of the base, at the other you dont see♥♥♥♥♥♥anymoreArtillery only usefull with scout, scout late game = dead = artiellry shooting more of your troops then the enemies, because well they just drive arround and never stopAA = Far to powerful, or maybe the air units are just crapSo, this game is such a dissapointment, the graphics are ugly, the AI is the dumbest since 1999 and the units are nearly all uselessDont buy it, its better than Stronghold 3 but its still crap"
76561198028296503,Recommended,318020,21991772,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Swade,had to write a fresh review for this game due to the recent release of the reboot edition. fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic devs! you finally got the C&C vibe down. great game and i am looking forward to the straight forward warefare the reboot edition brings to the table for quite some time to come. deffinitely recommending this game if you loved C&C generals back in the day because it nails the concept unlike when the game was initially launched. the devs also took into account the communitys input. big thumbs up!
,Recommended,318020,20916402,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Strategist,"So After finishing the campaign 2 times its time to write a review. Its difficult to put a good or bad mark on it. if i were going to look back to all the other creations they made then yes thumbs down, but DONT let that stop you. Im going to talk about the game without looking back at those games.now lets begin:Pros:-The game is a big leap forward in ai and base building.-The graphics are great and gives a feel like it will be in the 2017s to 2030s.-The game stil has some of those old soldiers (2015) and those new exo-soldiers. Its a nice mix of old and new.-The multiple factions and buildings giving no faction the upperhand, but even it out.-The Campaign is not to short and not to long that you get bored by repetitive missions.-Multiplayer is nice and fun, but i will talk about the bad part in Cons.-There are a nice variety of maps so you can play 3 times on each map(1 time with each faction).-Troll your MP friends by ""accidently launch a WMD(Weapon of Mass Destruction) and destroy there economy"":)-Save the Dutch in mission 3 lol.( got a huge military but forgot to place it in there most needed postition)Now the Cons( i know whats so bad about this game?):\-There almost to non players online to play multiplayer.-1 faction doesnt even have a good building to produce your most needed electricity, only a outpost that takes alot of space.-The same faction doesnt have a building to defend against WMD only 1 expensive unit.IS IT WORTH THE PRICE?:Yes after a few patches its a good game, But Its your monet really worth for euros 30.if you really like this game but see it has mixed reviews just buy it."
,Recommended,318020,25534949,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Wodan,"Did you enjoy C&C Generals? You'll almost undoubtedly enjoy Reboot.Good retro Generals vibes, decent developper support. Maybe someday we'll get a Zero Hour style expansion?The vanilla game was a little inscrutable for new players and had featured a lot of interesting, if complex, design decisions. Thankfully if you're looking for something more complex you can still play the original."
76561198048015395,Not Recommended,318020,28690903,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,A Funny Name,Is a Good game but It doesn't play right tested to see what the easy and very easy AI is like and its like your playing on Normal to Hard so to me just my opinion this game is bad.
76561197964070767,Recommended,318020,17965430,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Psych,Good RTS game that isn't just rock-paper-scissors like so many of the newer games
76561198018591844,Recommended,318020,18063758,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,letsrock,"TLDR: This is the best Real-Time Strategy game I've seen for years and one of the best I've played (and I've played most of the popular RTS for the last 15 years).Pluses:+ Realistic modern army (infantry/tank/helicopters/aircrafts etc)+ Fun, diversed in terms of units and strategies+ Frequent patches & good communication from developersMinuses:- Some minor balanced issues, but just minor. There are top players on the ladder for any of the 3 factions.- Lacks a little polish"
76561198171008701,Recommended,318020,20951852,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ODETHIOUS,"It might not be as balanced as some other RTS games it might not have a huge community and it might not be easy but this game is the only current base-building RTS that actually has a real war feel to it. It has real vehicles, a realistic theme and generally a good ""feel"" to it. Its campaign and the voice acting are rubbish though. A man has to be honest.What I would like for them to add are aerial super weapons. The US can call in an AC-130 U-spooky, the cartel can call in a MOAB and chimera can send in a reaper drone. These would have different prices to keep things balanced. Losing these firesupports due to AA results in them not being accessible for the rest of the game. This would stop HQ suicide runs and would make them balanced. I also want more CAS bombers. The US could use the A-10 warthog, cartel could use the frogfoot and chimera could use an upgraded version of the recon drone (can't remember its name)."
76561197996697822,Recommended,318020,17863000,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,bbeeyy,"Perfect example of a great classic game with polished upgrades that work reaaly well. Love the orignial, with this version a great improvement.  This is a must buy for any RTS gamer who loves operational/tactical warfare games like COH and Starcraft.  This joins those with its own style of gameplay that will challenge all."
,Recommended,318020,17853134,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TheRev,"I am 75 hours in having played the beta, and still loving it. I have also run a tournament and will be running another, this game is a ton of fun to play as well as cast, can't recomend it more!"
76561198060438921,Not Recommended,318020,33179795,Posted: 3 July,all,[SF] Cipher,Constantly crashes
,Recommended,318020,20916798,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SenorSnappy,"10/10. I have been looking for a long time for a game equal to, or better than, the good old days of Command and Conquer Generals....and I have finally found it! One of the best games I have had the pleasure to play. I have recommended this game multiple times to many people.Great balance between factions and their respective units.Brilliantly pulled together to form a perfect strategy game which effectively prevents rushing (Unlike many other games, including C&C) allowing for an excellent fun match all the time"
,Not Recommended,318020,35049123,Posted: 18 September,all,That Guy,"Stangely unplayable.This game APPEARS to be a glamorized, high graphic, detailed, C&C Generals. It is not. There are many things wrong with this game.Although it is graphically detailed, there is very little contextual detail (You will find yourself asking, ""What is that? What does it do? Isn't that an ally? Where is the enemy? Why am I blocked by an indestructible force here?).There are very few supplies, so it is easy to run out; and if you run out, you just have to wait for your destruction. (The currency system is not at all like Generals, I'l explain that next).The currency system, instead of being a single stream type (dollars or whatnot), it is broken up into many different types of supplies (metals, fuel, special items, etc), which makes it almost impossible to gather enough of everything required to make a feasible fighting force. Also, yes, I did mention fuel. Your vehicle could be heading into the enemy base and run out of fuel.Also, very poor story."
,Recommended,318020,17903108,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Riptide360,"Act of Aggression has some great music, good use of fog of war, lots of decisions and contrained resources to juggle with. Hadn't played Command and Conquer in years and found it easy to pick up this game and jump in. Helps if you have a large monitor and a decent gaming mouse. I love the zoom out switches to wire frame so you waren't overwhelmed with the gorgeous details of the game and can focus on strategy."
76561198072858427,Not Recommended,318020,26225263,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rambo,I got this after the disappointing announcement of EA to cancel Generals 2. Takes too long to familiarize with the interface and game-play. The experience has not been immersive at all. Generals is a classic but this is no where near it. Definitely not recommended for someone like me who was looking for a substitute in place of Generals.
,Recommended,318020,17925821,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SS - TheToasted ✠,"Act of Aggression is dope, I would go indepth but i feel as if th egame isnt finished like its missing alot of the units and buildings ect, for example in the singleplayer campaign I saw many tanks and other ground vehicles that id love to use in skirmish or just use in general although they did not belong to a playable faction, othe rimbalances such as the chimera not having a main battletank of any kind sort of stumped me. I also saw factions have vehicles that should belong to a different faction such as the cartel seam to have a russian type of feel to them yet they have american comaches avaliable at their helipad aswell as Hinds, small things like that aside the game is sick, wish the factions had a bit of balancing and more units avaliable."
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,318020,26485063,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Alien 480,"ehhhhhhh.......i mean thats the game pretty much. just ehh, like its cool to have like 4 different factions that have their own unique units but the original game that requires the many different resources, it just slows down and gets boring just getting bogged down in base building for tougher units. like they all have their pros and cons respectively but like at this point the devs have abandoned it and it had HUGE potential but fell apart  5/10"
76561197994128025,Recommended,318020,23230018,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Cartel,"Slightly below expectations, though the game is recommended for those who like modern era strategy."
76561198108446000,Not Recommended,318020,24127040,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LZ me,i prefer the  original version with 3 types of economy rather than this baby single economy. oh it alsocrash a lot
,Not Recommended,318020,23642655,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nathan,"NOTE: THIS IS A REVEIW OF THE PRE REBOOT BUILD AND I MAY AJUST MY REVEIW ACCORDINGLY.I am a HUGE eugen fan and I love their games, I thought RUSE was very underated. So even though people said this game was bad I didn't listen and dropped $30 on this peice. I was extremely disapointed and I wanted to get a refund for my wasted time and money, but I had played for 6 hours trying each faction and honestly that was all I was going to get out of it. I pleaded steam for a refund and wrote a whole paragraph, desperate to go buy a better game or some payday DLC. But, they rejected my plea and I am stuck with this garabage game.3 reasons why not to get Act of Agession-1.There is NOOOOO campain, they use old newsreels instead of any real backstory.2.The gameplay is complicated with too much small infantry and vehicle tweaks that you WILL NOT have time for, so I often just tried to spam all the things.3.They took away everything good about RUSE (not including the ruses), such as the smooth gameplay that combines commanding and building seemlessly. While I find I have little time for each."
76561198027906095,Recommended,318020,18721513,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DarthJack,"I don't normally write reviews but I felt compelled to after reading what some people are saying about this game.  In terms of an RTS, I think it's really, really good if you're feeling sick of Starcraft and want something more in the vein of C&C Generals. Yes, resource placement can sometimes be an issue, but its not insurmountable. As far as complaints about units looking the same, I don't get what the problem is. Every unit is labeled, and they all do in fact look different, particularly after upgrades. Sure if you play the game for 5 minutes you might be confused at first, but you learn to easily recognize the differences and move on.The game has an incredible amount of depth, and I never felt like I had to adopt the same strategy every game in order to win. Is the game perfect? Obviously not. Resources tend to run out fairly quickly, the randomized placement is sometimes not ideal, and superweapons are really op.(but can be disabled, so it's not a big deal). With that said, it's a really great old-school RTS set in the modern era, and makes for a welcome change to playing Starcraft for your RTS fix."
,Recommended,318020,18631111,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SuperCargo,"A solid RTS with good graphics, diverse units, and interesting strategical options."
,Recommended,318020,34892960,Posted: 11 September,all,☺𝓐𝕟ＴᎥ𝓟ŞⓎ𝕠Ƥ𝓢🐊,one of the best RTS games. very under-rated. perhaps it lacks speed of gameplay to be more popular with the crazy majority of RTS players.
,Recommended,318020,34865321,Posted: 10 September,all,xRyanHDx,"I actually really like this game, the original and the reboot. Cannot really understand the hate surrounding it. Each faction is so cool and so much different from one another. The base building is fantastic can build really spectacular bases. Nothing is over powered. Every single unit is useful in its own way. The Ai are actually good to play against. Overall, a must have for strategy game lovers especially as this is closest we're ever likley to get of a Generals 2. However, the game fails to load sometimes and have to try multiple times and sometimes the game tabs out and goes into a background process. Easy fix - Play on windowed full screen mode and turn V-sync off. 9/10 for me/"
76561197976226353,Recommended,318020,17963357,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Strados,"Great Game, i have been looking for something to fill in the gap between the last C&C that came out."
,Not Recommended,318020,29569920,Posted: 29 January,all,Demonious Rex,"I'm not a fan of the way they set up the resource collection aspect of the game. Ultimately, this is why I've played it very little."
,Recommended,318020,17965229,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,S!ÑÑ€Я,Fun RTS reminds me of the days C&C didnt suck.
,Recommended,318020,20960559,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rutilus Phoebus,"If you, like I was, were utterly crushed when Command & Conquer: Generals 2 got scrapped, I have good news for you;This is your game.AoA is a 3 factioned RTS that feels exactly like what you would expect if the develpers of RUSE and the Wargame series were making a sequel to C&C Generals, which is pretty much exactly what happened. It doesn't get too into gimmicks (although zooming all the way out to get the ""drone camera"" view is a heck of a lot of fun when you're dropping a bomb), it's fast playing, has a solid soundtrack, beautiful explosions, and a huge fun factor.I will be racking up the gameplay hours for quite some time to come! :)"
,Recommended,318020,21008971,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[DK] Dvago,"The game is in itself amazing, Singleplayer part. the way you build up your bases and has to keep in mind you are going to survive without refineries.The 3 armies have different paths to go, which makes it really funny to actually go ""Random"" where most games just have different names and troops. However, in this game, the base building is different, how you expand and how you build.But ofc. there are pros & cons about every game.Pros:Beautiful graphic.Nice ArmiesGood CampaignGood skirmish and map balances.Cons:Unbalanced armies. (The US army, can easy get their hands on air units like fighters and are often used to ruin the multiplayer because the game ends up in only fighters. since you won't need ground units. only AA and fighters.)really, this is actually the only negative about this game, in my eyes.so I can recommend this game as long as you and your lobby makes rules about certain things :) like fighters and stuff like that :)"
76561198043770237,Recommended,318020,20985476,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MAXIMUS,"This game is actually good, yes it has mixed reviews right now 65% atm, but i think it doesn't deserve that, the game had bugs when it came out and some issues and a lack of a solid campaign, but I can say this right now this is actually a really kick♥♥♥♥♥game, sure the price tag of 50 is high but if you can pick it up at 25 then you got yourself a good game at a good price, has all the aspects of rts you need and, it is somewhere between Wargame, and Command and Conquer, It is quick paced but not so much that you will be blown away, has its own mechanics that make it really interesting with high levels of complexity if you want or the ability to mass spam a unit if you like. I honestly don't know what to say but as I picked it up for 25 bucks I think this game is freakin awesome and I am glad its not a Generals clone but something of its own. Hope to see more of you online soon!"
76561198008149534,Recommended,318020,19924549,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,Are you a: Command and Conquer fan? Starcraft 2 fan? Ground Control fan?Wargame fan? EndWar fan?Do you like RTS games? Then your going to really like this game....The maps in this one are highly detailed with realistic terrain and features.Units are very highly detailed and it is o so fun to unleash the fury of wrath on enemy players.Of course you must build your base and harvest resources with plenty of options.3 factions with different units and building structures ensure that this game never quits.Plenty of environmental destruction and Multiplayer with several players at the same time.NOTE: To play the Reboot Edition you much go to the STEAM (Games Tab)then select Act of Aggression - Right click on it and select Reboot Edition - Which is mucheasier to play because there is only 1 resource *Money* and you can build your army faster!I give Act of Aggression 9.0 out of 10 starsBrutal and massive grudges await -
76561197972497867,Recommended,318020,20607088,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jimmyc51670,Great game don't listen to the other side but it is a wonderful game-coming from someone who gets his butt wooped on it. it is fun and has plenty of pontential i would love some more maps because it feels limited on the 2v2 3v3 and 4v4 maps.
76561197971619482,Recommended,318020,20699974,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Heartworm,"Finally an RTS that brings me back to the good old days of C&C skirmishes. I don't quite understand why there's so many negative reviews, maybe I'm lucky in having bought it only after it's been patched a few times - I certainly haven't experienced any issues. Great fun, gorgeous looking, with all the sense of destructive impact that Grey Goo lacked."
76561198121554665,Recommended,318020,18032535,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Østr | Strahl,"Doesn´t deserve so many negative reviews in my opinion. Good RTS, especially in multiplayer, just the campaign is boring, I think it would rated better if people won´t expect Generals 2. Also it´s a bit overpriced, so I would wait for sale."
76561198005421598,Recommended,318020,18147519,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sputnik,"Act of Aggression is NOT the new Generals nor is it a new Wargame. Now that we have cleared this out you pretty much know why there are so many negative reviews.This game is a gem, period. Its fast, looks pretty and its just lots of fun to play.If you looking for a clone of Generals or Wargame, skip it.If you looking for a story driven singleplayer RTS, skip it.If you simply love RTS and want to play multiplayer and some singleplayer in between, get it. Its worth every cent."
76561197960439573,Recommended,318020,17952481,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,onetoughdan,"campaign goes from easy to hard real quick.  needs a tutorial, but is defilently like CnC generals. fun."
76561198023307252,Recommended,318020,18035962,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"This game is a lot of fun and definitely worth at least what it costs to own it.I'll say it's not quite Command and Conquer quality, but the feel is there and this game is a blast for anyone who likes RTS games in general.Most of the people posting negative reviews just can't be pleased no matter what, and honestly almost none of those reviews are actually helpful for people considering buying a new RTS solely to have fun with.After I learned what buildings, units, and upgrades I needed to make to progress through a game I really started having fun with it. Again, it's not exactly Command and Conquer quality but it's pretty close.I would rate this game at least 8/10 and furthermore would recommend it to anyone who enjoys RTS games."
,Recommended,318020,17858169,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Anas,"yes , OLD WAR RTS is back , I 've been playing a while now and i gotta say its bring back the CnC games with Better and more challanging style .the game force you to use fast building or maybe rushing or maybe using infintry ,Great UIGreat GraphicsGreat mechanicsGreat Multiplayer Experiancestory i just got in I dont know alpha only got multi :)you should buy this game Got Lovely Potential :)10/108350 @4.2 + r9 290 60 fps with every thing in ultra just got rendering at 2004thanks for reading .-jawad"
76561198037456732,Recommended,318020,17861131,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Apostrophes,"After 8 hours, i have just about decided which of the three factions i best fit!This game has the depth to be so rewarding when mastered.You an either play as a steam roller or rush your opponent. OR, build up a defense and crush them with superweapons! All are amazingly effective.I ventured into ranked.. Wow, this game is like an onion: so many layers!This game has the potential to become a cult hit. This has revived the RTS genre, if you like C&C and Halo Wars, this is the game for you"
76561198065305154,Not Recommended,318020,28467567,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Bullet_*_Storm,"Hmm yea, noThe reboot edition is kinda cool.but the unit AI is stuck on ""prior return fire""and there is no setting for that unlike most RTSThere is no roof landing & they removed roadkills or ""trample""If you are not shy of some dated graphics,pick up the original and the stand alone expantion for 3 bucks here on steamyou may need to look for a 64-bit compability patch.And Naval warfare doesn't work in skirmish, but in LAN with bots"
,Recommended,318020,29427848,Posted: 22 January,all,Xyfurion,"A fun RTS with a modern style. Too bad it's not more well-known. Think Age of Empires, but in the modern age and with missions. It's okay.Score: 65/100"
76561198002638995,Not Recommended,318020,19947462,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,jfknut1,"Never asked for a refund on a single game on Steam before ... except now.Bottom line; it's not that I dislike this game. But it has a shelf life of about a week. The issue that broke me, and made me decide it wasn't worth it? Simple; the devs decision not to release a map editor and their stated reason for it.Their stated reason makes no sense whatsoever. That it will benefit a ""handful of elite modders"" only?Since when???I am not an elite modder in the remotest sense, but what kept me playing Generals over and over and over and over again (and does to this day) was the map editor and the enormous amount of user content generated for it ... thousands upon thousands of high quality maps.This game has twenty. Yes, that's right ... TWENTY. And until the devs release more that's the grand total.For a game like Red Dragon and the rest of the Wargame series I am willing to live with that, as those maps are enormous ... for a fast paced RTS no.This game will die a horrible death, with less than 40 maps in total.I'm out.A true sequal to Generals will be made one day. I had high hopes.But this isn't it."
,Recommended,318020,18025573,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Brovacado,Great game
,Not Recommended,318020,20516290,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jmac,it's good up untill your opponents only rush either nukes or airstrikes... both counterable but boring nontheless...
,Recommended,318020,17912887,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"From Act of War to Wargame series to Act of Aggression, Eugene Systems yet again gave us another promising RTS game, build from the IRISZOOM engine, players will feel close if they have played previous Wargame titles.Although the current state of the game is still in beta, no campaign is available yet, but single player and multiplayer skirmishes are available. A total of 3 factions are available to choose from: The US Army, using the most modern aresenel in real life; the Chimera, a military formed by the UN to fight against the Cartel; the Cartel, they use super high-tech weaponry such as stealth units and stolen prototypes.Similar to the transitional RTSs, players will need to manage resources, such as oil for gold, aluminium, rare earth for top grade equipment.If you are a fan of the C&C franchise, don't hesitate the try this one out!"
76561198032335675,Recommended,318020,18042957,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jpw0617,Good game. The campaign is hard as heck and you will spend hours sometimes in each mission. This is what a game should be and not where you finish the game in a few hours. I wish the game had a better interface where icons tell you what the unit does rather than you needing to read the description as all the units seem to blend together.People should not be comparing this game to C&C as it was made by EA and all things EA are bad and evil.
,Recommended,318020,18627066,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,X42C1,"A good, classical RTS, worth playing if your a fan of older RTSes."
76561198005952960,Not Recommended,318020,18129222,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Zeeke,"To be perfectly honest with you, I was really exited for this game I really looked forward for a good ol' fashion RTS... But enough with my personal thoughts and stuff lets get to the pros, cons and miscPros:-Decent looking environments-Interesting differences between factions-Explosions and effects are rather good-Respectable mechanicsCons:-Awkward and rigid animations, especially with helicopters(What did the pilots take before take off? More importantly where can I get some!)-Unit AI is absolutely dreadful (They've taken soooooo Much stupid pills, I had multiple unit trafic jams)-A real lame, uninspired and borring campaign-AI is toally meh-The music sounds so out of place...-Not very intuitive system at first-Voice acting is limp-The game feels... LifelessMisc:-Helicopter pilots high on drugs-120mm of pure democracy-Call me nurse I dare you!-NUKES!!!Well, as stated before, I was excited for this game, but sadly it falls quite short of my expectations, I tried enjoying this game for seven hours... And honestly I couldn't sadly, so something I cannot enjoy, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,318020,31928012,Posted: 23 May,all,Midori-tan,"An RTS that doesn't know how to RTS. Has a completely bats resource system where you get X amount of resource per tick for every soldier that is garrisoned in a bank, but resources for building and upgrading are obtained Tiberium Wars style. Why? There is no real overlay for units, just have to hope you see them on the world map, opposed to a game like Company of Heroes that has icons above your units so you can tell they exist. Units die so fast and are so worthless every unit might as well be made out of paper mache. Units are generally unsatisfying and don't feel like they have any power behind them as well. So it really comes out feeling like you're watching your team of vases shooting rubber bands at the enemy vases. Only 2 factions. Units will barely ever do anything on their own save for shoot back at the bad guys. If their friend next to them is being shot up they won't automatically move into range to shoot the enemy, they'll just sit there and watch their poor friend melt. The hotkeys don't have all that much feedback and are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197990469025,Recommended,318020,22583217,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr Brooksy,"This is a good game in it's own right, with decent graphics and cool touches like Satellite view etc. Everything seems to be well thought out and gameplay is for the most part quite a lot of fun.There are a few things that have been frustrating, and have been fixed like labels for different types of units and the odd graphic glitch. There are a few minor things that I think could be improved upon like fog of war and line of sight being a bit small. As well as the inability to build runways and control planes for air combat and controlling your bombers to avoid setup defences etc.The only obvious downside is that there are a small number of players online at any one time, if you want to join random games and pit yourself against new people. I howver didn't buy the game for that, so It doesn't bother me in the slightest.The Reboot edition has been my favourite version of this game however, with more focus on the fighting aspect of the game which utilises the games strong elements of the game, vs the more complex resource gathering of the original version.The ability to switch between these two versions of the game is fantastic, allowing the player to choose what style they wish to play.The Reboot feels like a far more C&C Generals style (which I prefer).Whichever type of game you chose, it's win win in my book."
,Not Recommended,318020,17884659,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,aussiepwnage,"In one word... disappointing.  I was expecting a C&C Generals-like experience, but what I got was a bland and poorly designed RTS.  Factions lack diversity, units feel weak unless grouped en-masse, and it was very hard for me to tell what units were in combat where.  It's like a cross between a traditional RTS and Wargame Red Dragon, but it fails to bring out the strengths of either.One of the game's biggest shortcomings is base construction/management.  Resource collection requires constant, tedious micromanagement, with refineries having to be constantly bought/sold.  And the inclusion of THREE resource types can result in your attention being overstretched, especially in the mid/late game.  Many buildings are redundant, and fulfill the exact same functions as other buildings.  Bases become very large as well, becoming impossible to defend.Therefore I cannot recommend this game, and have refunded my copy.  There was just not enough depth to the battles or diversity between the factions to keep me engaged.Do not listen to the reviewers saying this is the next C&C Generals, you will be sorely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,318020,17893866,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,False Motive,"Ok a serious review. Game is unpolished.A few things that would make this a star game1. Get rid of the Massive overkill.2. Fix control groups(multiple buildings on one hotkey, etc)3. Make ALL controls rebindable.(really bad for veteran RTS players... we know how we like to play... please let us.4. Fix pathing. I can understand you want some physics to the game, but the units feel very sluggish.5. Since this is a ""casual"" game, some clear guidance to new players for victory conditions(ie, once   -------enemy HQ is destroyed what else needs to die to win, etc.)6. Infantry are awesome units, however, please rethink some of the encounters they receive. Once example is artillery. Artillery is NOT A FATALITY producing unit. Its a morale lowering and injury producing unit. So why does it one shot infantry. I would love to be able to make armies of infantry and be viable as im sure others would.(I understand the transport piece, however, infantry is underwelming unless it's AA infantry.)7. Fixed8. The resource system is.... convoluted how many refineries to make X unit from X building...idk because sometimes due to pathing issues i have no money.. then im maxed out on money again.( I believe a fix would be make it so we can place extension modules(faction equivalent right next to refineries)9. That's all from me. I would play this nonstop if these simple things were fixed.TL;DR: I love this game still with the flaws but i have to vote down until some of these fundamentals elements are implemented or acknowledged."
,Recommended,318020,22882050,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Navarro,"Act of Aggression is a reboot of the 2005 RTS series Act of War. AoA was released ten years after AoW, and yet its graphics are magnitudes inferior to AoW. Even by today's standards AoW's modeling and textures are superb. Meanwhile AoA's graphics leaves the game feeling like a mod laid overtop the base game. The developers said AoA would play like ""90s Golden Age Real-Time Strategy Games,"" but it looks the part as well as it plays the part. It in fact looks like it could've been released alongside CnC:Generals Deluxe Edition in 2002. Which, AoA still wouldn't have been competitive back then because Generals DE cost $20 at launch, where AoA costs $50 today, more than double. Even had both games been sold for the same price, AoA still wouldn't have been competitive because Generals is much more alluring, less bugged, and is just more enjoyable overall. You won't be lured in to the RPG aspects of the universe in AoA, ""creating your own story"" in skirmishes as people would find themselves doing with Generals.Base building has been made artificially frustrating due to limitations resulting from the small building radius, even where expansion modules are concerned. There's a greater number of buildings to construct, units to field, resources to collect, and upgades to units which will actually change their appearance. However the implementation of all these things seems uninspired and sometimes outright annoying. For example, AoW's US Army tactical weapon, the Wolverine (Tomahawk) Cruise Missile, is replaced with the LGM-118 Peacekeeper in AoA , which is an ICBM that would obliterate the whole map in real life. The realistic missile silo is replaced with one in which the top pops up like one of those trash cans that you open with a pedal. If you want to upgrade your Marines so that they'll wear body armor, you can't do that unless you also upgrade them so that every one of them will give up with M16A1 assault rifles in exchange for an M249 SAW, a big, honking support weapon. These are just two of myriad examples of the nonsense which AoA presents.The AI behaves ridiculously as well, including shamelessly cheating in immediately ""sensing"" any units you send onto its side of the map. A recon helicopter could be rapidly chased down and intercepted by AI tanks, which may shoot down your helicopter using its main gun, Battlefield 4 style. A lack of viable reconnaissance shouldn't be too crippling though, because resources are collected so fast that you'll be nearly immediately attacking your opponents massive unit spam with your own massive unit spam within the first few minutes of the skirmish. That could be a problem if you don't have a higher end gaming machine, considering AoA's poor graphics are even more poorly optimized, creating frame-rate issues. The AI also cheats in the most frustratingly notorious way imaginable: free money and resources, and lots of it.It's no ""spiritual successor"" to Act of War, in the same way that Ghost Busters 3 won't be the spiritual successor to the previous Ghost Buster films. It's an interesting game, don't get me wrong, but it is badly executed, and it is, even today, bugged: good luck scrolling in 4K. If you ever played CnC Generals or Act of War, you won't play Act of Agression nearly as much as you played the former two. I do recommend the game, but not at its current price. Wait for the 50% off sale. Until then, you won't be missing out on too much."
76561198046721892,Recommended,318020,18194735,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,JBean4224,"FOR THOSE WHO WANT A GOOD REVIEWWith 22 hours on the game i have had time to play it and realize that is like C&C but has updated graphics and some cool new features. I think it mostly is like C&C Generals because it has a lot of upgrades for units and 3 playable factions US Army, Chimera, and the Cartel. The US is the US. While Chimira is like an advanced tech kind of faction. The Cartel is like a private military which i like the Cartel the best because i like the rail tanks they have. I think if you like C&C Generals you will probably like this cause it very similar but with updated graphics, updated AI, new units, new structures, and Nukes!.Some PROs and CONSPros-updated graphics-AI is pretty good-even on easy it can be hard to play-the game doesnt let you just sit back and relax (if you dont have a defensive barrier(-A good mix of units- a unit always has a use-multiple resources-Cool factions-artillery is VERY destructive against almost anythingCons-Background Music really doesnt fit the game that well-base building is kind of weird i think-Superweapons are kind of under powered-Not a real good campaign-Realitivly new so youy may find bugs here and there-aircraft are under powered in my opinion-game takes a couple games to get used to it (i played 3-5 skirmishes before i won)SO out of all this i would give the game as of right now when i played it last a 7.5/10. They could definitely improve some things or maybe add some things to make the game better over all. I recommend the game if you dont mind spending the money to get it. If you like C&C i think you would like this game it really resembles it and i hope they take the time to add stuff to it like new factions, units, buildings, ect."
,Not Recommended,318020,22561053,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tacitus86,"I'm 3/4 the way through the campaign and I still don't know what the hell is going on. The voice acting is terrible. I mean I honestly believe that I could have done significantly better. I wonder if they just pulled random developers to read off a script. The units seem cool, but I don't know, it just doesn't have the C&C feel that I was expecting. The campaign itself is terrible. Not really fun at all. The story is non-existant, you keep swapping between sides with no rhyme or reason. The skirmish is fun, but I don't really care for multiplayer so this definitely was not worth the cost."
76561198005630513,Not Recommended,318020,17881381,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Scorch,"It's basically Act of War with the same slightly redesigned and renamed factions, three types of resources, more complicated economy, no veterancy, simplifield and tedious battle mechanic, some ""features"" from Wargame and Ruse, because of the same game engine, uninformative HUD, delays in orders to units, poor campaign, mediocre graphics and bad sound effects, repetitive soundtrack and overall lack of polish. Still there are some good things in this game though, like plenty of units and upgrades to use, quite chalenging AI in skirmish on ""Medium"" and above, but... Maybe I should buy digital copy of High Treason instead of this.The problem with the graphics in AoA, at least for me, is its lifeless feeling. Same was with Wargame and Ruse. The maps remind me that strange place outside the time flow from Stephen King's ""The Langoliers"": empty static landscapes with no tree animation, no flocks, no moving shadows from clouds... kreepy. Same stuff when the battle starts: lack of firing animation (No recoil!), poor and unimaginative firing FX, disappearing trees or bushes and units, which float through obstacles and fences like ghosts... Those graphic flaws adds no immersion whatsoever. Outsourced vehicle models  are good though. I would like to see the Eugen Systems games had the same attention to details like those from Massive Entertainment, Relic or Westwood back then.Buy only with 50% discount or above.And yeah, I don't understand why majority of reviewers compare AoA with C&C Generals, no similarities here for me."
,Recommended,318020,19938950,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tags,"It's one of the best classic RTS'es of the modern era, as long as you don't mind spending some time getting to know the mechanics of it. Single player campaign is not great, though."
76561198010277080,Recommended,318020,20969898,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WeepingEighty,"The new bata verson fixes a lot of the issues i had with the game, campain isnt up, I'm a huge RTS fan and i just miss the story and gameplay that came with games like command and conqurer, overall this is now a good game and you should buy it if your looking for a good RTS exprence.At first i gave this a bad review although i didn't go into detail but i will now, when i was looking at the store page back when this first came out and some of the comments said somthing along the lines of ""plays and feels like command and conquer generals"" and that made me buy the game, hoping that it could be a masterpeace like the C&C games was to me, and i was disappointed it was unblanced it kept crashing every 30-40 min the AI was very dumb, but with the bata update it bought the bugs and problems down, thought the single resourse system is on the nose for me.you should try it-Eighty"
76561197993025223,Recommended,318020,20967039,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,To_mA^sun,"1 thing shortREBOOT EDITION is now LIVE!REBOOT EDITION is now LIVE!REBOOT EDITION is now LIVE!REBOOT EDITION is now LIVE!REBOOT EDITION is now LIVE!Finally we can forget the pain of c&c generals 2, this is the new generals 2Guys you made my day! 10/10"
,Recommended,318020,34692638,Posted: 2 September,all,thegrimdeath,"Well i like this game, not some people don't as it's not really like C&C Generals, which i love that game along with zero hour. But this game is still pretty good, the only thing that they should fix is the campaign resources, as you still need 3 of them. But the multiplayer was changed, so it's pretty good now."
76561198020131542,Recommended,318020,19499676,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,GooDF[e]La,"excellent game that is everything ol ccg players wanted for a ccg2, only problems are small tweaks and a lack of player base. i wish i could shout it to the world that this game is fun as shiaaattt!!! buy and play!! should have bought when it waas onsale huh!!? :P"
76561197997181047,Recommended,318020,19693488,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Carde,"Classic RTS done well.I am a great fan of the C&C games (forgetting about number 4...) and outside of Grey Goo which I still believe is a good game there have not been any RTS in this style that worked for me as a casual RTS gamer who sooner starts up a skirmish than an online match. Act of agression however delivers just that a great RTS experience that covers all the basics and keeps you on your toes through the match as you are forced to expand well beyond your save zone in order to keep your economy running.A great variaty of units and lots of upgrades keep you on your toes and ensure your units stay relavant, what I will say is that I find infantry units to be lacking outside of their ability to take buildings they are quite vurnerable and hence nearly all combat will be done by armor and supported by air.The 3 factions are asymetrical which does adds this nice layer to the game and each clearly have their defined strengths, but in the end enough similarity so you are not thrown out of balance when switching factions. I personally would have loved to see it taken just a bit futher even.The Campain is decent enough and nicely takes you through, but the story is well as classic as the RTS itself is."
76561198040399126,Recommended,318020,21729510,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,barbeau,"This is a great game, and reminds me of the old glory days of C&C.  There is some depth to the game, though I admit the single player is fairly gimmicky... i.e. most missions are of the sort where you have supremely limited resources and oddly strict objectives.The online play is excellent, and it is fairly easy to find a game to join at any time.  The AI  is fairly well done, though any difficulty level seems to crater mid-game.  This means that it's great to play against AI to learn and refine your early game strategy, and that's about it.  Still, a 30 minute comp-stomp is great.Additionally, it seems that the devs made the early game play purposefully restrictive.  You will run out of resources early on no matter what (except cartel, those choppers are awesome) and this makes every game DRAG on.Expect to spend 30 - 50 minutes on a skirmish.Overall, 9/10, would reccomend."
,Recommended,318020,19381176,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KillParadise,"I really enjoy this game It's got it's points where I am like uh, what? (Such as infantry just running over what seems to me like large hills that my vehicles won't go over)other than these moments It is a really great sucessor to Generals that I was hoping for the base game offers challenge but fun army buildig components resource gathering is all there in all aspects both the ability to quickly run them dry, and the fact that your enemies will NOT leave your resource points alone, ever.As of me writing this [11/29/2015] it is on the steam explorer sale for 26.99 at this price I say its a good buy, however as mentioned it feels like it lacks in certain areas (mainly the nations) I can say that I too agree with this point, everyone seems vehicle based, and once you get vehicles infantry are more of annoying flies than real threats, even in buildings since vehicles take these down way too easily.The UN to me seems very difficult to play as  they have no heavy hitters in terms of Anti-Tank this could also just be me being really really bad with this faction since the computer sometimes seems to totally kick my♥♥♥♥♥with them at some points.If your an RTS fan like me, I suggest grabbing it, but if your a hardcore picky guy that still compares games to Age of Empire 2 then I suggest stepping back and maybe grabbing it on sale."
,Recommended,318020,20682641,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,covertrev,"The game may not completely live up to some of the best RTS games in the 1990s (Command and Conquer being a key one), and the campaign isn't as cohesive or produced as well either, but I'm completely addicted to skirmishes.  The game has a larger learning curve than you'd expect, but once you understand the building hierarchy, and what does what, I was able to really get into the game.  The best aspect I loved from Command and Conquer: Generals, was that I could play skirmish after skirmish and have them still be fun and challenging.  I'm glad to say that this is definitely the case with Act of Aggression, which in my mind, makes it absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,318020,20510071,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,_Kurumi^Tokisaki,"I really enjoy the game, but it's kind of hard for me to learn the game since there is no tutorial.  However, once you know how to play the game, it's pretty interesting."
76561198020257442,Not Recommended,318020,35389231,Posted: 1 October,all,Dr.Hax,"Devs abandoned this game, don't bother buying it."
76561197963734915,Recommended,318020,18048974,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,LoneHitMan,"This is by far the best RTS I've played since Warhammer: Dawn of War, as Act of Aggression almost gave me the same feeling I got the very first time I played C&C. And I've seen several reviews comparing it to those titles aswell, but I personally think that undermines the creators of this game.Why? Because when C&C first came out, it was in it's day one of the first to really take the RTS genre by storm, and earned a strong reputation for itself and set a rather high quality bar for others to succeed.Act of Aggression though has almost all I want out of an RTS title - Intricate resource management (they differ a bit between the factions involved), alot of detail in both units and structures, semi-realistic capabilities of units and their weaponry with a nice touch of futuristic technology, and highly variable units between the factions.The weapons at your disposal are MANY, mostly structured around heavy tank combat and artillery, guerilla warfare with soldiers, followed by highly dangerous but vulnerable aircrafts and helicopters.The only thing I find lacking in the game is the single player campaign, although the missions themselves were quite interesting and some rather difficult for a mediocre RTS player like myself, the introductions to the missions were a bit simplistic to my taste.It might have had some ugly bugs on the initial launch of the title, but I personally was never bothered by it, I expected it as most should nowadays with games rolling out of the Early Access program far too soon to earn it's keep during production and advertising.On my personal scoreboard I give it 8/10One point lost due to overlapping sounds making my speakers screetch in pain at times with 12 Terminator tanks bombarding hard targets (this goes for almost all units if their numbers are fairly large).Another point lost due to rather weak single player campaign cinematics, making the game feel a bit ""cold"" to me, they never really gave me an interesting taste of the story, luckily the gameplay is far stronger.A good RTS game for those ""dying"" to rediscover their RTS passions!"
76561198200190711,Recommended,318020,18069068,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mike,"This is the best rts game i've played, better than any rts including generals. Base-building, and everything is awsome thanks to eugene systems."
,Recommended,318020,18079373,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Refueled,BEST RTS 2015
76561197975902224,Recommended,318020,17951564,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Prince Charming,"Great game! I will be playing it for a long time. Finally, a quality RTS game that has all my favorite elements.By Andrei Pankov on September 3, 2015I have been playing Act of Aggression now for about 3 weeks. I'm one of the lucky few to have seen the game while it was still in the beta phase. I am so happy for this game! I'm a die hard RTS fan, and I must say, there have not been any quality titles in the RTS genre in a while until now. (The only one at this time I also play is Company of Heroes 2, but it has been on the marked for a long time now). Act of aggression is wonderful in all respects. Graphics are fantastic. Units are interesting and variable in their uses. 3 factions to choose from have their own strengths and weaknesses. It's a pure joy to play this game online multiplayer or against a computer AI opponent. I have not played the single player campaign yet, as it has just been released, but I'm looking forward to doing so soon. Usually with the games like Act of Aggression the most fun is found in the multiplayer matches, best played against another human. It's so fun to play against another human being who is intelligent and able to react/adjust his strategy based on your own approach.There have bee many RTS games over the years, and I want more to be made! I derive a lot of joy from building a base, making an army, and then attacking and seeing what happens. I do not need any innovation in what I already consider to be a great game design. I also hope there will be more DLCs coming out for this game. I already clocked more then 100 hours playing this game and I foresee myself playing it more and more in the upcoming months."
76561198135445863,Recommended,318020,18728724,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Black_Ph4ntom666,I have played Act of Aggression for 8 hours and I can say It is a good game to have fun. If you enjoy the game and have the time to wait.
,Recommended,318020,18066208,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,JeRDLe the TuRTLe,Stayed up for 48 hours playing this game10/10 would forget my life to play more of it again
76561198263161847,Not Recommended,318020,33466696,Posted: 11 July,all,Hardkill,"its ok, not as good as command & conquer generals.  I dont like the tank, helicopter and troop formation. Good attempt but doesnt hit the spot."
76561198037528270,Recommended,318020,19836782,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,NUKA COLA BOMB,If you loved C&C you'll love this game.
,Recommended,318020,21604946,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Klint Izwudd,"A solid traditional RTS that could have easily stood on it's own merits.Shame the marketing team did everything in their power to make you want to compare it to classic command and conquer games like Generals.In terms of realism (which you nerds seem to love so much), it sits firmly between ""Command and Conquer"" and ""Wargame.""As such it seems overcomplicated and slow next to C&C, and it seems simple and silly compared to Wargame. Someone looking for a C&C experience with modern tech should just play Command and Conquer: Generals with the ""Rise of the Reds"" mod. (Sorry Eugen.)The economy is probably the part that gets to most players, and will likely scare off all  but the most dedicated RTS veterans. With three different resources and a need for stability of income over a large surplus, it largely resembles that of Supreme Commander. In fact the power supply system would be identical if AoA just gave the amount of stored power a solid number.One issue that is more significant than the economy is the linear nature of the upgrades, which at the endgame basically means that the only unit you will want to manufacture in force is Main Battle Tanks. When fully upgraded your MBTs can pretty much handle whatever the enemy throws at them and the strategy suddenly devolves into ""click on tank horde, click on enemy base.""Of course this is an issue with the small units in the endgame, and by the endgame you will have superweapons and bombers to harrass their base, however my point is that it makes spending painfully scarce resources on upgrades for something like a humvee seem like a waste.Do not however get me wrong, as you will notice I did in fact recommend this game, why? Because everything in between the economy startup and the endgame nuclear apocalypse is what makes it all worth it. The diversity of units, the desperate defence of isolated resource gatherers, the sneaky infantry climbing up a cliff and inserting a mortar into your backside and the US using a strategy I never thought possible, ""Turret rush."""
76561197970767874,Recommended,318020,21971538,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,BoB(Banglerdesh),"I don't really understand why this game got so many negative reviews, because it is arguably one of the best RTS games, that includes ""old school"" base building, I have seen for a very long time. The high ratio of bad reviews almost put me off buying this game, but I am very glad it didn't. It is very similar to command and conquer, but with more depth.I suspect why a lot of people are turned off by the game, is because it does not have a tutorial and the campaign does not do a good job at teaching or even showing you a lot of games features, that are needed to complete some of the campaign missions. This can be overcome by watching a few youtube videos.They have recently launched a free update to the game which changes some game play elements such as resources (the used to be 3 but now the is only 1) along with altering some models including the size of units. Currently you can choose to play the game with and without the update, but I am concerned that this update may be forced upon players later. I AM EXTREMELY CONCERNED ABOUT THIS AND HOPE THAT THE UPDATE DOES NOT GET FORCED UPON PLAYERS ESPECIALLY IN ITS CURRENT STATE WITH THE RIDICULOUS INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF INFANTRY COMPARED WITH BUILDINGS. One of the features of this game that I really like about this game is that the scale (size) of units and buildings is relatively realistic when compared with the vast majority of games in the genre e.g. starcraft/warcraft (don't get me wrong, those are good games but the unit scale relative to buildings is ridiculous :p). It may seem like a really small/insignificant point to most but its just a lot nicer aesthetically when a games units, buildings, and scenery are scaled properly).I currently recommend this game because if you like base building RTS games and have been disappointed recently by games like ""grey goo"" (for me that game was just terrible and not fun at all), then this is actually a really good one.I understand this isn't a good ""review"". It is intended more to inform people, like myself who are initially put off by the amount of negative comments, that they may actually find it is a really good game."
,Recommended,318020,19396269,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Huckleberry Ogre,This game pretend to be the modern version of epic game C&C Generals.In short:Game is really getting close to good old Generals but not close enough. Old version still better :(@developers: Thanks for try guys. Not much devs try to incornate such games. I'm disappointed a bit but still gratefull for your attempt.
76561198025371805,Recommended,318020,17995097,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,zakonal,Great replica of classic
76561198161026297,Recommended,318020,20948346,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,CS:GO,nice game
76561198006608886,Recommended,318020,17925455,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dave,"For Fans of C&C or World in Conflict the past years did not offer much. Therefore AoA was much anticipated, and after playing it since the Beta I have to admit it is a brilliant game. It does not have as much love for details as World in Conflict and the campagin is rather boring and not very sophisticated. But the Multiplayer is challenging yet easy to get into. There could be more maps but in general this game is a real treat for fans of RTS games.Short summaryThe game features three fractions: US Army, Cartell (international crime organization) and Chimera (UN Task force), the three fractions are different in many ways yet good balanced (I would have prefered existing powers over fictious ones for example China and EU instead of Chimera and Cartell) but none the less they're both fun, US Army and Chimera  fight the Cartell (or in the MP each other) and use three ressources to fuel their conflict money (in form of banks, PoW and oil), aluminium and rare earth. Super Weapons are included but can be countered and apparently deactivated for MP matches.RatingI would rate the game with 8/10 it is fun and interesting to play but the campaign is disappointing and in general some parts still look unfinished, also even though they said there won't be the possibiliy to rush it still happens."
,Recommended,318020,18231640,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sticks & Skills,"It's a blast with the strategy.  A ""WORHTY BUY"" if you are a big RTS fan.A very well optimized PC game with beautiful detailed graphics.There is a lack of a tutorial, but if you can read & watch YouTube Videos then you will be fine.*****Please invest in the initial butt kicking you may get before getting better, and before writting negative reviews because you suck at learning and applying a little bit of perseverance.In it's current state: Just jumped from a 3.8 to 4.1 out of 5 which is fantastic, and this is only the beta.Let them fix the helicopter and attack pathfidning issue and it will be a classic.Let them add mod support, custom maps, and 4th Faction (a Eastern Coalition Faction of Russia and China uniting) with good balancing and it will be in my top 10 RTS games of all time.I own just about every RTS you could think of.  If you are an old school RTS fan then you will really enjoy this.  It does need a little bit of work, but if you miss old school RTS action then please pick this up.Infantry are useful, and the fact they are safer in buildings early to mid game ROCKS. So many other RTS games get this wrong. It should take a certain units & a little bit of time to root out an enemy in urban combat areas.You can heal infantry and repair buildings, and I hope they do not cave into changing how hard it is to take a base that has a good defensive set up which reminds me of ""Red Alert 2."" You actually have to think in order to take a base, what a concept. :)The negative reviews are from some RTS gamers that are spoiled with the recent slew of quick, fast paced, and simple RTS mechanics. Yet this approach has taken most of the fun out of the word STRATEGY from the RT""S"" genre of gaming.It also appears many of them have not taken the time to invest in understanding how the mechanics work which are not super new if you are an experienced RTS gamer (casual or hardcore.)If you are disgusted with the way DoW 2 went downhill MP wise from Dawn of War 1 and highly disgusted with the way CoH 2 went downhill MP wise from Company of Heroes then you will really enjoy this game.Note 1: The EconomyIs not as bad as Supreme Commander, please don't be scared of it.It is slightly more difficult just by a simple notch than most RTS games, and I mean simple.It took me 2-3 long skirmish matches to get the economy down pat, but it was not that hard.It also involves a certain strat in what you build and at what time you build it just like SC 2 early game, but after that then you can start to pump units out.Note 2: Helicopter AnimatiojnsThe animations of the helicopters is really bad, but hopefully once they fix this it will just add to the loads of fun you will have playing each faction and yes it will take you time to learn each faction but not as much as you think.____________________________________Update: 4-3-2016Original much better than the new Reboot.We get to keep the original but they had to dumb this game down due to the annoying spoiled gamers that want things simple and fast paced.Original= Recommended for RTS Vets & People with an average or more than average sized brain.Reboot= Recommended for Simple Minded gamers with a slightly smaller than averaged sized brain.Not that having a smaller brain is a bad thing. The game can still be fun, but the Reboot has lost a lot of the strategy options and variables that made the original an ""instant classic"" for me.Note: We get to keep the Original and play both games so YES buy the game; also a shout out to the Developers for allowing us to keep both & for all their hard work to make this game appeal to two different camps of RTS gamers.Thank you Devs and If you read all of this review then what are you waiting for- BUY THE GAME NOW!  Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr :)"
,Recommended,318020,17888782,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,john wayne,"This game is a worthy successor to C&C, my all-time favorite series.C&C Generals may not have been canon, but it was the fullest realization of the series IMO and this game blurs the line between homage and clone. It is definitely done in a tasteful way, however. It's all the mechanics and micromanagement emphasis that made C&C great, the mechanics that set it apart in a meaningful way from Starcraft 2. What I mean is in Starcraft there is a most efficient way for every race and situation and the game becomes a battle of who can execute the tightest build order. Of course in a mathematical sense this is subject to that same rule, but the room for creativity is massive. I found myself thinking up fun little strategies to keep my opponent on his toes, and it worked in a meaningful way and was therefore rewarding.I can see myself playing this game for many years. Thank you devs, for making my dream game."
76561198044237384,Recommended,318020,18052203,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,concerto49,"Great game.  Rarely review, but it's sad to see this game losing out to some crazy senseless reviews. It shouldn't be voted down because it's not like another game (it's a unique offering) and it shouldn't be voted down because people haven't had a chance to play it. You can't have 5 minutes of game time, have something bad happens because of a different game mechanic to what you're used to and call that a bad game. The game might not be what you expect or what you want, but it doesn't make it a bad game. Don't go buy a sports game hating sports to give it a negative review. Liking RTS doesn't mean you like every RTS."
76561198016121730,Recommended,318020,17965308,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kenjutsu Master®,The real C&C Generals 2
,Recommended,318020,17919114,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Amiejay,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game.  I was expecting the ""usual"" Steam-released game, but what I found was a fairly well-balanced and well-planned game with an AI that poses a serious challenge (without simply cheating like the AI in Supreme Commandr, for example).  I was honestly expecting the AI to simply bum rush me in the first 10 minutes, but in the skirmish I played (on an  player map) it took over an hour before first contact was made.  Even after first contact, the expected bum rush didn't occur.  Instead, the AI sniped at me from my perimeter until he figured out where my bases were, then attacked in a coordinated strike.  It might have been a coincidence, but color me impressed.  I'll certainly be coming bck to this game to complete the campaign, as well as to play some multiplayer against humans.  My next foray will be me against 2 AI players on the same 8 player map.  It took me an hour to beat a single AI on the hardest setting, so I'm curious what 2 AI players (on the same team) will do.  Nice job!!"
,Recommended,318020,17939842,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lana Del Rey,For people that were disappointed !! When EA stopped CnC General 2 development.
,Recommended,318020,17946169,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Downer36,"My favorite genre is RTS. I have played everything from Empire Earth to Command and conquer, SIns of a solar empire to Supreme Commander. I have been quite disheartened the last couple of years only releasing a very few decent strategy games.That being said, this game is now near the top of my favorite RTS games list. Its a throwback to the fun medium paced games like command and conquer with effects I've only noticed in games such as RUSE (artillery looks very beautiful in the pale moon glow...). Plus, mechanics I've never seen before such as taking prisons of war to supplement your income and garrisoning banks to raid their vaults adds some flare. As of 16 Hrs of game play, this game has me hooked and if you want to feel the joy of destroying a base with a wave of tanks like in the RTS of old, but want new mechanics and systems to learn, then I heartily recommend this game."
76561198127418789,Recommended,318020,17957725,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,armordonio,looks like most people forgot how a proper old rts works.
76561197976078091,Recommended,318020,17962491,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Me1andMe2,"Since I find many of currently positive reviews to be very lacking I decided to write a proper one.Before we start I want to note here that the review focuses primary on single player and the game itself not on the multiplayer. The reason for this is that mp in an rts is very hard to judge since preference and skill level play an important part in this. I recommend to go and look at some replays to see if would enjoy it.Lets start with what the game offersThe Campaign15 Missions: 10 for the EU(Chimera) and US faction and 5 for the CartelAt first it seams that this would be 2 different Campaings but story wise they are the same but from different perspectives. This means to fully understand the story you should play EU/US till you unlock a new Cartel mission then do the Cartel mission and then switch back to the EU/US missions. This is quite annoying and can create a confuse story if you don’t do it that way.Pro+Clever Designed missions. Each mission you have to approach differently and they were quite creative when it comes to missions design.+ Quite Challenging. I consider myself to be quite good at RTS and still some of the later missions gave me quite a bit of trouble.+ Optional objective. During the missions you will get optional objectives that you can fulfill for achievements some of them are quit tricky to get and some even secret. For Completionist this gives you a reason to play the campaign or at least some missions multiple times.+ Okay length if you don’t rush it and take your time (Took me about 15h)Cons- Only 15 Missions 3 of them are Tutorial missions.- No real tutorialThe tutorial missions are a clever way to teach the player but they are not in depth enough and don’t explain all the mechanics- No Skirmish missionsAll the missions during the campaign are special situations and won’t really prepare you for a real match. I would have preferred if there were 1 or 2 missions that would put you on a normal map against a normal ai , so that the campaign prepares you a bit for the real game.- Some missions give you too many new units at onceThe missions often have a huge gap in the amount of different units that are available which can be overwhelming and doesn’t teach to the usage of each different unit.- Meh storyWell the story really lacks epicness since its tries to stay realistic. It also lacks in presentation during the missions its often just some voice action that tells you different things.- Disappointing cut scenesAgain a presentation problem :/My thoughtsThe campaign was more a set of neat challenges instead of a good story. If you really need a story you will be quit disappointed. But If you want some unique challenges and are willing to learn things by yourself then the campaign can be entertaining.SkirmishIn addition to the Campaign there is a skirmish mode against the AIThere are 18 Maps (7 of them are for 1v1)The game supports Up to 8 playersEach map can only be played in the allowed modes of the map which is strange. The modes are 1v1,2v2,3v3,4v4,2v2v2v2, FFA. If a map supports the wanted mode is listed right next the map. This means that you can NOT do custom teams or play every map in FFAThe AI has 5 difficulty settings which is niceThere are also additional settings like if super weapons are allowed, the amount of starting resources, or a maximum time limitMy thoughtsDespite the weird mode enforcement I think the skirmish provides everything you want and allows for some nice comp stompThe game itselfIt’s a “standard” rts you build your base you seek expansions you harras your opponent you expand. However this game has some nice twists.Resources are scattered “random” and you have to find them before you can use them which changes the map a bit every time you play.You have a nice urban warfare mechanic where you can go into building and even storm building controlled by the enemyNo Unit limit for epic battlesSuper weapons and anti-super weaponsUnit gets wounded when killed and can be captured by the enemy for resources. This might be annoying at first but adds a nice dynamic to the gameOverall if you like an rts in a “realistic” setting I don’t see a reason why you would not enjoy it. Some mechanics require getting used to but they are actually smart additions.The factionsAs said there are 3 Different factions however they all play quite similar. They are more like C&C factions than Starcrafts factions. They all have similar units but often they have a little quirk or property that makes them different from each other.For me the factions are varied enough. All play a little different and have their own little weaknesses and strengths but nothing drastic.GraphicsWell this is quite subjective but I think the games looks really nice especially the explosives and effects.You have an insane Zoom Level and can Zoom in quite Close and Far.The only problem I have is that at higher Zoom levels infantry becomes hard to identify which is quite a pain. The devs should have made them easier to extinguish.Overall I can’t complain the explosions look awesome what more can you ask for especially when there is no unit cap :)ControlsI have 3 problems with the controls.First you can't rebind everything. You can rebind certain actions like “Unload” but you can’t change the hotkeys for units. If you are someone who uses hotkey frequently this might really annoy you. But I think that the game is still playable without them and enjoy able.The second problem is the delay. Units don’t respond instantly in this game. My guess is that this should emulate “realistic” behavior. As someone who plays Company of heroes it isn’t that bad but if you are accustomed to something like Starcraft than it might be annoying.The last problem is pathing. If you command a bigger groups of units and try to funnel them through something small you might encounter some pathing bugs. Nothing serious but still annoying when it happensOther than these problems the controls are pretty good. If you set a hotkey to a new building you get an icon of that building to your hotkey which is neat.  It also allows to move your units at the same speed.PerformanceMy PC is not the strongest but I still could run the game at a pretty high setting with a frame rate of about 30-40. However the game can get quite chaotic and really tank the frame rate if too many big effects hit the screen.During 20 hours of game play I only experienced a single crash.Final thoughtsQuite bombastic RTS that feels instantly familiar if you played any older rts like C&C generals. It adds quite a lot of small but interesting features that create a nice gameplay. It campaign might be a bit lacking but it skirmish/online component make up for it.IIt is by no means perfect but it is really fun and if you look past it small flaws it offers a new old school rts and tons of fun.."
76561198009389640,Recommended,318020,17967111,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Daddy Dale,"Good game, however I feel like the units are spastic and the economy is easily thrown off."
,Recommended,318020,18038833,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Blob Fish Lord,"Great, well thought game. Always on top list to play and never gets boring. 10/10"
76561198075991226,Recommended,318020,18052579,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,fergarcicrespo,"The best RTS you can buy. Build your base like in the good old times, build a hudge army and then kick the enemy's♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,318020,18243563,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lysanderize,"Really good game, the campaign is not that interesting, but other than that, I'm having a lot of fun !"
,Recommended,318020,18059304,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,revoace,"I dont usuallty rate a game unless I feel the need to spread my hate for it. So here I am, doing quite the opposite, seeing this game getting so many bad reviews with comments that makes no sence for its criticism. This is an awesome game that I reccomend at its strongest!IMO this game is the BEST(!!!) RTS game ever released, and beeing a old school RTS gamer my favourites were the earliest of the C&C series, and the later ones such as Generals and Tiberium Wars, and SC1 was allways my childhood.The guys with the bad and negative revies, you should all take a look here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=514651893This game is much more complicated then your average RTS. The learning curve is steep, and I think thats the main reason for its negative feedback. In its earlier stage, people would join in a multiplayer game rather then play vs AI in a Skirmish game for their firs time, and its easy to see why these people will give up on a game and rage the hate for it.And another note, this game does NOT want to be another game then what it is. This is Act of Aggression, this is not Command & Conquer, this is not StarCraft. Simple as that, this is Act of Aggression, and if you love RTS, you will definitely love this game if you put some time into learing all its basic, as the learning curve might be pretty steep for newcomers (especially if you just jump straight into multiplayer and ignoring getting known with each and different units vs the AI, first)."
,Recommended,318020,28771708,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Everlands,"If your interested in playing a game for it's story the rebooted edition has no campaign, but the factions do have background stories to them. However if your interested in playing a game with story buying the rebooted edition gives you access to the original act of aggression which contains a old Black Hawkes down influenced campaign with actual actors, not good ones to be fair, but actors to playout movie capable shortscenes with a pretty decent story play. Skrimish mode, and competition is really what the rebooted edition focuses on. When playing this game you really get a Command and Conquer Red Alert 3 feel to it which is fine it's nice to have some good classic rts games, overall the factions are diverse enough to be actually fun to play, and the game is okay but I'd recommand only getting it on sale."
76561198119590037,Recommended,318020,18265620,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,IRON MAIDEN,"I reccomend it just. It is good but the factions lack diversity and the best tactic can be to rush the enemy at the start of the game. Also the resource system is a double edged sword. While randomly generated resources mean games will always differ, sometimes you never have enough aluminium or rare earth or cash or all three at once. Also one the subjest of resources the game will often tell you, that you have too much of one resource and you must build more storage facilities. This is fine I like to be kept on top of things. Late game however, this can become a problem as it doesn't tell you which resource is full, leaving you to guess between rare earth and aluminum. Having said this the game is fun and does have moments that make you fell warm and fuzzy inside. (Nuking opponent)N.B no I didn't comment on the campaign as you shouldn't touch it with a metre long stick it is ****"
76561197994424857,Recommended,318020,17972115,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[TPG]TheTerribleDodgerOfBullets,This game fills the hole that Command and Conquer Generals left inside of my heart.
76561197972822720,Recommended,318020,18265722,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,-VBC- Rontje,"Ever since EA pulled the plug on Generals I have been crying myself to sleep in wait for Starcraft II. Luckily, Eugen Systems gave us Act of Aggression!The game has a classic RTS feel and play style which works great for me. But they also use new concepts to make this game feel renewed. The main thing is using three resources which all have their importance and spawn around the map randomly every time you play a map, scouting for them is therefore always needed.The game unfortunantly also has a small minus when it comes to certain props like fences and cars. Infantry can move right through them and walk up cliffs. This is a bit weird and will take some getting used to, but doesn’t effect too much of the overall feeling in my opinion. The game could also do good in the RTS tournament scene for those interested. All in all I find it a well made game with the quality of triple A but at a lower price.As a last note, I see/hear a lot of people saying it’s the next Generals. I don’t quite think it should be compared to Generals that easily, Interested? I explain everything (In a more objective way) in my full review here:http://letslookinto.com/lets-look-into-act-of-aggression/"
76561198202160394,Not Recommended,318020,34786558,Posted: 6 September,all,SuperSweeper,"This game is not very well optimized or polished, it reuses alot of assets from other Eugen games and takes most of its gameplay elements from other, more interesting RTS's. Overall I can't recommend it, you'd be better off buying Wargame or C&C instead."
76561197995309829,Not Recommended,318020,19571794,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Warfiend,While this game had amazing potential it definitely fell short of expectations.  Their previous RTS Act of War was way better in my opinion.  My over all biggest complaint though is the complete lack of quality maps from the developer or a development tool to make your own.  Even DLC map packs would help but so far nothing.  I also find that this game is not at all for your more defensively minded players.  You pretty much have to be an aggressive attacker to have any chance of winning because enemies will quickly overwhelm any defenses you build by just spamming artillery units at you.  Over all I feel that most units also either have to low of health or to high of damage and need to be balanced.  The battles that do happen seem to end so quickly they barely feel like they did happen and air units get shot out of the air like they are nothing.  It definitely could have been better.  I'm sorry to say I actually regret buying it because I was so looking forward to it.
76561198103602094,Recommended,318020,17855009,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,aportaro13,"i love this game, brings back the c&c generals days"
76561197972610640,Recommended,318020,17928344,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[ES]-CiberX15,"Pros:Definintly a solid sucsessor to Command & Conqure Generals. Mechanicaly the game solid, the POW system allows for interesting gameplay and the units and vehicals are interesting. Each of the factions play very differently and all have advantages and disadvantages.Cons:Right now the game feels like it needs more balencing work. Large seemingly balenced mixed force armys crumple like wet cardboard to mid to late game vehicals making them obsolete. The AI are brutaly hard even on very easy setting. It is very difficult to get a handle on the economy and the resource sites permemnantly dry up too quickly. That said balencing work is fairly easy to patch and the game just came out. If the devs are keeping an eye out they could wipe out my entire cons section."
,Recommended,318020,18192675,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,_FuRiouS,"A glorious return by EUGEN to RTS, Act of Aggrression is not only a shout-out to Act of War, but a reminder of the days of Generals. Recommend the game to any RTS player!"
,Recommended,318020,24217624,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Player,"Kind of nice RTS game. Good graphics. Recommended only on sale!Act of Aggression comes from Eugen Systems who made also R.U.S.E., great RTS game which was pulled from Steam due to expiration of military license. R.U.S.E. was a bit old game (2010) but nice graphic game containing a lot of things to do - using terrain, buildings, multipurpose infantry, a lot of upgrades etc. That was packed into average priced product. On the other hand, Act of Aggression is younger and thus weaker brother of R.U.S.E. Weaker because it has fewer things to do. Fewer upgrades, fewer interactions, ... so even it is nice game, it is not so highly developed as its predecessor. But it costs much more!For this price there are better games and even cheaper old games which brings more fun like old Red Alert with map ediotr, unit editor etc. This was highly awaited title, but for this price it is disappointment. Not recommended until the price is below 20€ as this game feel kind of B- title priced for A- titles."
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,318020,21049236,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Blitzwing,"I followed the development cycle of Act of Aggression since early access and was just surprised how extremely the game did downgraded, how shameless Eugen Systems did lie to people and ignored all the feedback for the game.The Initial presentation with did look like a fun game for competitive gameplay.But the actually gameplay Meta turned out to be:-they started to add extremely broken early rush game mechanics.-Most fo the units did not work at all or as described-because of this , there have been a lot of brocken almost unstoppable attack options.-long wait for mass spam of 1 type end tier units-the 3 different resources economy was broken at the core, because of the fast depletion and the by 3 different generating mechanics certain factions did have there a disadvantage=annoying early rush, long play times and bad balanced.So instead of approach the issues , they simply did make a complete economy overhaul, but all the flaws did not only remain , new were added and ignored for the second time the community.Reboot Edition is ignoring the community 2.0 and broken beyond redemption.-the new economy was an overkill for the game, the few resource location do generate really slow money and are not protect able form attacks.-Faction Cartel has flying Choppers as collectors and no working Anti Air for long time in the game, so people can simply send out blindly jets to their resource locations and shoot down their economy.-As USA faction, you can simply move and repair in same time your vehicles, something Chimera can't , because the Chimera repair is a stationary building. This means by engaging your enemy, USA player simply can drive away and heal directly his units and melt this way enemy forces.Some people say Act of Aggression was too innovative and developers were Overwhelmed to do it, I say it was a simple cheap money grab from loyal fans. The flaws there are way too obvious.---------------------------------------------------Update 15.05.2016Reboot Edition.-The AI still  sucks  really bad and easy to defeat. They did not improve that.-Income rate from ressources is extreme slow.-meanwhile nobody is on-line.  dead servers-They did not approach any feedback that was made from the community,about the reboot during the beta.Original Version released in September 2015-you run pretty fast out of resources-extreme bad balanceSo you have here 2 versions. Well units are the same.Original with 3 resources and newer one called Reboot with one resource.Original does include custom option for higher start resources.Reboot does include custom option that you can mine longer the resources.But Original does not include custom option that you can mine longer the resources.Reboot does not include custom option for higher start resources.I mean why ? Why doesn't newer version include custom option from the original ?And why did they not add this custom option from reboot to the original if it was so many times requested from majority fo the community ?Update 24.03.2016Reboot Edition.Man that the Version a majority of people did want here from start.+ The balance seems to be better+ no stupid Tower rushes anymore+ Unit SizeBad Side is:-Income rate could be better, its extreme slow .-The AI sucks on the current stage, really bad and easy to defeat.-Well why did they take it so long, to realize this all problems,meanwhile online sadly not really populated.-Yeah meanwhile nobody is on-line.but still it's a big step compared top the previous version.You can see that by the reboot edition they did put a lot of work,but work that had to be done likea year ago.At least they did try to fix the game 1 year later lol.The Mayor problem by the game is just that the developer does ignore the community.I mean by the previous ""Original AoA"" game people did write already in the beta what is to do,but was ignored.Now we have just a mayor problem that the game is by start extreme lame and repetitive.Look here even on the homepage several people did respond and on steam too.http://steamcommunity.com/app/318020/discussions/0/385428943463059188/http://forums.eugensystems.com/viewtopic.php?f=192&t=56927http://forums.eugensystems.com/viewtopic.php?f=192&t=56944http://forums.eugensystems.com/viewtopic.php?f=192&t=56955http://forums.eugensystems.com/viewtopic.php?f=192&t=56950In my opinion that stuff would be extremely easy to fix, is several times mentioned and suggested what to , how to fix an so on. And even if everybody who purchased the previous game can play the reboot, its still dead on-line.The developer just does not realize what here. If they wanted with the reboot to have the community back, they did totally miss the point, just by ignoring to fix obvious stuff, what besides could have been easily done.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------On the Current Stage I have to write a Negative review about this game.I am personally a huge RTS fan and was with this game from start on.1 Really bad Early and Late game performance.- Well the Tank rush is just not stoppable, if you don't have just more tanks in late game. So the game is just about to build more tanks Abrams as USA or more terminators as Chimera to achieve a victory.All the other units here are just not efficient vs Abrams and Terminator.- The Second Point is the really nasty rushes, after the last patch it becomes more worse.So in stead a simply rush where you need just to buy troopers to counter, the enemy now place Refinery near your base and spams he MG-nests or Artillery Defense Towers.2 The AI works only by USA Faction, by the other 2 factions its much weaker. USA AI use Nukes, the other 2 never use their super weapons.3 Well the Story is a big disappointment.4 Awful Faction balance.5 Really Bad camera,The high""satellite"" view just turns the game in black and white screen, if you goa little higher.6 Complete Ignoring of the community.What wrong with the game had been several times mentioned by the community, from start on.The developer just did improve here nothing since Early Access."
,Recommended,318020,17850040,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Democrat,Very good RTS game.  Needs a few things to be great.  If you like C&C and WarCraft this game is for you!  7/10
76561198073943706,Recommended,318020,18378688,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,It is a good rts I like and the multiplayers good with friends never like singleplayer so multiplayer=good and I like the singleplayer I recomend it!
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,318020,30591054,Posted: 18 March,all,Awesomo 2000,"I love old school RTS games and I was hoping this would be it. I am kinda disappointed, because the game just didnt deliver, the story is nothing interesting and I didnt care about it at all. Which would be fine if the gameplay was great. It felt a little bit clunky, the mix of unit is boring as well, you have different factions but in the end, the differences between them arent enough to keep you interested. It just misses something great which I wasnt able to find."
76561198143393347,Recommended,318020,18251379,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JC0451,"A very nice RTS with a good variety of units and exceptional graphics. Skirmishes are very fun, whether against the AI or real people and the game is actually very well balanced and well optimised. All units and upgrades are based on real life (which is pretty cool) and large scale battles can be pretty spectacular. Unit models and voice acting are also generally really good, however I'm unsure why the elite Cartel infantry sounds like a South American who forgot to take his anti-anxiety medication."
,Not Recommended,318020,19352498,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,godkiller,"there is a reason why the reviews are mixedi hate to give it a non recommendation ratingits neat but as some say it feels or is unfinished.its has a badly scripted AI. it tends to want to stop and  pull its trump (super weapon) after 5-10 minutes. making it not fun to play against.its not a faster paced game like supreme commander 2, C&C 3, C&C red alert 2, or star craft 1&2. so if you were looking for one this one is not it.some of the controls and build queue are a bit clunky. its not as obvious to play unless you go through the chimera story/tutorial or have played C&C generals.over all its not really a ""bad"" game, but if you reallly have to play/buy it. just wait until it comes on sale like a xmas sale or something similar.it just needs some TLC to bring it up a notch, which is unfortunate...other wise leave it alone...."
,Recommended,318020,17922914,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Sid,"This game is amazing. It's everything that I remember Act of War being and more.The only real flaws with this game are the features that aren't there.Everything that is there is amazing and well done. With the wargame series Eugen Systems released more features after a while, so I wouldn't be suprised if we get to see something like that with a sequel for the game.The things that I think are lackluster that could be better:Fences should be knocked down when I drive over them, not become black and tiny bit torn.Barriers should be actual barriers. Walls especially. Currently you only just go through them.Lack of constructable barriers, such as walls, tank traps and fences.Lack of commandos or ""hero units"".All in all, awesome game, great visuals and runs like butter."
76561198042942192,Not Recommended,318020,28619554,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kedama!,"I wanted to like this game. WANTED. But I couldnt. I have the original Act of War game that is the original source for Ace of Agression and Act of War is FAR BETTER than this game.Almost everyone is having issues regarding crashes and display issues and such. That already speaks volumes and I am no exception. However when you do manage to get the game to play, its just not really the same. There's no proper tutorial and it took me a while to get bearings straight as I haven't played an RTS (let alone a good one) in a few years.After I got reacquainted with the controls and such, my god, the suspension of disbelief is immediately abandoned by the GOD AWFUL VOICE ACTING, and CANCER INDUCING SCRIPT WRITING for the units and cut scenes. More than 95% of the crap that the units say - selection, engaging enemy, recieving enemy fire, confirming enemy kill, etc -  is so non realistic and damn annoying that they keep repeating it over and over again with no variety of lines what so ever. No one in the military ever says stupid lines like what they do in this horrible game. Oh and how about when your builder vehicle keeps disappearing and you can't build anything and progress through the solo story mission. And no, the builder was not under fire at all.Eugen, you failed at this. You failed hard. Don't bother making another game. And if anyone is reading this review, please DON'T buy this game. If you want a GOOD RTS game, play World In Conflict as well as the legacy Command and Conquer games (C&C TD all the way to RA2 YR)."
,Recommended,318020,22392491,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ManOwaRR | AoAReplays.com,"Since they announced reboot edition , the game became a blast :)Tons of fun highly recommend it"
76561198023515023,Recommended,318020,22933986,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Krug Herder,Fine for what it is but I was really hoping for something good enough to replace C&C Generals. Going back to C&C Generals
,Recommended,318020,17922556,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Squida,"I have played many RTS's and it is really good to see a game, that has taken an old school approach.If you are a fan of Command & Conquer Generals and you are looking for a modern game like it, with of course the extra oomph, then look no further.This game has, just like C&C Generals, 3 factions.All 3 Factions have their pros and consof course though, building works a little different. Instead of having the building menu on the side of your User Interfaceor having a unit with a build menu, you use the Head Quarters or AKA (Command Centre) to place other buildings around the map and a vehicle will come out and head off to the location to build the desired building you placed.The Combat is good and enjoyable as expected from an RTS, many different effects and explosions.As for the units. If you are the kind of player that likes to form squads of mixed units, the game offers the feature to do so, using the hotkeys available.Unit production as you can guess, is single unit production and not multi unit.Many upgrades avilable, with the building upgrades being avilable once you have upgraded your Defcon status from 3-1 in the HQ. This is how you gain advanced buildings.GAME HAS SUPER WEAPONS! (Won't Spoil).Full Multiplayer VS and CO-OP Play.There is probably things I have left out, that is something that you wanted to know. For that I am sorry.To see the rest of the features, get the game :)Overall, this game is worth the money and considering the price, it is worth every doller."
,Recommended,318020,17901544,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,As a fan of this style of RTS I can certainly recommend Act of Aggression. It has the Red Alert II gameplay feel. My favorite part is that the units are largely accurate and there's no future-style of weaponry. I will admit the price is set pretty high for what you get but I hope they will add more content for free.Pros:Graphics are not groundbreaking but good.Smooth and familiar gameplay style.Built-in chat function lets you chat and BS with other players who are online and you don't have to be playing with them.Lots of firepower and explosions.The nuclear optionCons:Not very many units. Naval units would have been nice.It has some small bugs and crashes on occasion but it isn't unbearable.Sometimes my AI opponent will just mass a ton of vehicles in one spot in his base and never move them.Price is high for what you're currently getting.
76561197988392676,Recommended,318020,17849781,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Clovis (Rush),This game is alot of fun. Basebuilding with awsome units and strategy. I really recommend this game if your a fan of rts.
,Not Recommended,318020,18349968,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,madlarkin8,"I loved C&C: Generals, but so far I have found this game to be far too economy intensive. The units dont seem to have the same ""oomph factor"" as they did in generals. Recognizing that, YES, this is not the same game, The units and structures are not easily identifiable as they dont have unique outlines (Im looking at you US), and generally lack formidable stopping power. I found myself losing consistently to people fielding units that i HAD the hard-counter for but had out produced me. Maybe im spoiled from playing Wargame: Red Dragon, but when my tank or attack helo shoots at something, it needs to die rapidly if its not armoured. Whether im just playing the game wrong is irrelevant to me at this point, i have no desire to be good at it because to do so, I will need to memorize a solid starting build order, manage my economy between three resources, buy upgrades in the right order, spam the right units, move my blob around, kite with artillery blah blah blah...... Now im playing Starcraft II."
76561198010452008,Recommended,318020,34830327,Posted: 8 September,all,Maximum Carnage,The REBOOT Edition has much better multiplayer and is overall what the game sohould have been in the first place; Or at least much closer too it. Although they still use the old 3 resource style system on the campaign which is disappointing.The game has for all intents and purposes been forgotten at this point but it is much better than some of the earlier reviews have made it out to be. They did for a while support the game up to the reboot edition but by then the damage was done for most people. But im not saying it is perfect ether but it is relatively interesting and fairly good compaired to some other modern RTS's. It is too bad they didnt introduce mod support or this could easily be made into something great.
76561198021879519,Recommended,318020,20192887,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BausHaug,"They peg this as the return of the golden age of RTS and they really did nail it. Fun multiplayer, challenging gameplay and lots of customization for how you build your base.  Pretty steep learning curve, but there's nothing wrong with that.  Highly reccomended!"
76561198248119554,Recommended,318020,17984542,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,A Chaotic Thought,"The game is definitely reminiscent of C&C Generals.  I'd recommend it, as there hasn't been anything particularly like it, that I know of, in the recent past.   Some things that you may want to consider before purchasing, however:1. 90% of the time, no bullets, shells, etc are visible, so I don't know if I'm shooting at an enemy unless I see their HP go down.  VERY annoying. The same goes for enemies against me.2. Often my computer narrator that incessantly talks forgets to state that my troops are under attack or have been killed.  I don't know why this is and it is not always but enough that I notice it.Overall, the game is very fun; but, I think the lack of different units-many of them look very similar, and naval warfare lessens my overall giddiness for a new C&Cesque RTS."
,Recommended,318020,17979685,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,obantr Sonsuz Aşk Mutluluk,"Çok güzel oyun, karmaşık ve zor.Strateji oyunlarını seven kişiler bu oyunu çok sevecek.Saçma sapan silahlar yok. Oyundaki tüm silahlar ve ekipmanlar2020'de yapılacak ve şuan geliştirilen şeyler.Çok gerçekçi ve güzel olmuş."
,Recommended,318020,17994668,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hollowpoint,"Really good if you were in to the Command and Conquer series of games. Lots of different units and something i really like is the major differences between the factions, like the cartel being able to upgrade soldiers to capture vehicles, whereas US army and chimera upgrade them to cap buildings as an example. The gameplay is pretty slow at first but it all depends on how you play.8/10"
76561197973422286,Recommended,318020,20913610,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Px15,Great Game! Good old classic RTS C&C style :)
,Recommended,318020,20923431,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Beefers,"+1, worth playing for strategy/wargame fans."
,Recommended,318020,20947698,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,The Cross,"This is truly what act of war was! the game feels the same way, the controlls feel the same way, the idea is the same idea.For those still thinking then i got a choice for you:A. You love act of war? this is your long a waited game, it got it all!B. You're a dumbass and you think every RTS should be the same like command and counquer. It doesn't feel like command and counquer, so this game is not a general RTS stop ♥♥♥♥ing whining about it. It shouldn't be like command and counquer! go buy yourself a ♥♥♥♥ing copy of command and counquer if you want a ♥♥♥♥ing game like command and counquer. don't come here telling others it's not what you expected! That is really just your ♥♥♥♥ing problem.So now we got that out maybe you can start to get more in to the detailes of the game:the system first tries to find the best settings towards your hardware, but since the system is build for a pc desktop it won't get the best for a laptop/notebook maybe... so you can try to tweak this yourself a bit.This game is not so much a war game, it's more a tactical operation and with more realistic economics. This being said means the money isn't gonna go fast you you can work 2 ways, really slow, or working the best with what you can get.You got oil, electricity and banks to work with, then when you got this working you can rollout troops... Just know you'll really need electricity for your buildings to work.You'll need to instruct your troops real good otherwise they wil just walkup an ennemy (this because it could sometimes come in handy for some missions).The ballance is as it should've been. Not easy but who remembered act of war will agree this was also the case with act of war.Then the movies: they're good, fitting the game, though in act of war there were more movies throughout a mission.The graphics are amazing and i didn't even tried insane (i got a gaming laptop and well it can handle a lot, but not that much). The sound and music is fitting the game. just the subtitle system is childlike, it doesn't fit the game. It should've been more like livechat with a commander, but it's like you're in a commics-book.It's the only thing i could find that's a disapointment towards act of war.I hope the programmers read this section cause that really is just dumb the way they made it!That's about it! can't think of what to tell, the"
,Not Recommended,318020,20107394,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Scaryspikes,"It's an effort at a solid, action packed, old school themed RTS. Is it good? Well, it's not bad. But it's not great. From wonky camera controls and views, to imbalanced unit compositions and a mediocore singleplayer campaign that tries a little hard to be C&C. While it's undoubtedly impossible to mimic the greatness of the C&C franchise, it's not uncommon to see games doing it well. Sadly, this is not one of those games. It could use a lot more balancing and personality. And quite frankly I find the use of resources and their corresponding buildings infuriating at times. I'd recommend not purchasing this game unless you can get 90% off."
76561198029925805,Not Recommended,318020,18661655,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Zero,"This game still has the same bug from the beginning of BETA. I pre-purchased and played in early access, same bug exists and I can't play the game because of that.Game screen freezes or makes sth like alt+tab but still can hear voices. This happens in 5 min every time."
,Recommended,318020,17851260,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dystopian Productions,"Loving this game and looking forward to its official release to see what the campaign has to offer.It certainly has a bit of a learning curve when you begin playing and I am yet to work out all the upgrades and the best way to play each faction. Playing single player skirmish and have yet to defeat a medium AI so either its fairly difficult or I have become hopeless at RTS games!This, so far, is certainly a worthwhile game to play. It feels very much like the C&C games of old whilst retaining its own identity, some unique gameplay and up to date graphics.It is hard not to directly compare the game to C&C given the clear similarities as it follows the same fundamental principles although it does feel different to play.Here is hoping this game is built upon and we get to see expansions and sequels!Anyone looking for a classic but modern RTS should certainly give this a go"
,Recommended,318020,17893326,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Necro,"Great game, very well rounded factions. Great tiers, very fun no matter which faction you prefer to play as. Interesting economy system,  minimal reliance on power.Some down sides are: The campaign needs work, perhaps a few tutorial missions for anyone new to rts games, as well as the option to adjust level difficulty.  There should also be a US army campaign, rather then a few minor spots where you can play as them."
76561198030787012,Recommended,318020,17950953,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Grand Hazzard,"C & C, put into the modern multiplayer rts environment. Great game, with a a learning curve that allows for immersion."
76561198016852072,Recommended,318020,18194001,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Babyfood,Finally  (Act of Generals) what a game
76561198023739797,Recommended,318020,18552550,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Captain Murica1776,"I enjoy the game a lot, i think they did a great job, would like to see more factions"
,Recommended,318020,17896588,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ceram1cx,Best RTS Game since a really long Time. I love it!
76561198027854534,Recommended,318020,17939055,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,~3xA`Lepa™,VERY similar to the old school C&C games with a few extra's thrown in to make it original and a better game.quite a difficult RTS but funall the sameIMO its worth the monies they are charging.i give it a 7/10
76561198034577140,Recommended,318020,17951629,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,RPS 12324,"It's been a while to see these kind of games.Definitely need a tutorial for each factions though, since new players may find it confusing.And the campaign AI is as brutal as C&C 3 on Hard"
76561198009048895,Recommended,318020,18139619,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Maxrob1,"Very good game Command n Conquer players lovers will love this aswell, the only thing i see missing in the game is the ability for each unit to get strong n stronger with more and more kills."
,Recommended,318020,18126924,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Blackbird002,Great RTS! This reminds me of my childhood!
76561198006531977,Recommended,318020,18438314,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,firekyro,Good game. Still lacks the oompth C&C Generals Zero Hour had but close. Nothing stoping them from creating an update that gives you tiered generals with different units abilities and focuses. A good start and the best of its kind out there.
,Recommended,318020,18127648,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dark Ninja,"3 biggest pro'sNot Buggy, solid engine, crashes are rare.3 distinctly different nations, with very different units to work with.Very nice visuals, can play at any distance from the map and always looks good.3 biggest con'sLevel of aggression (ba dum tsh) seems based more on the enemy AI's nation as opposed to the difficulty level. Cartel, at least for me, seemed to attack far more, where as Chimera were not so much.Enemy seems to 'give up' later game against AI if you withstand all it's attacks. Maybe it exhausts all of its resources? Doesn't seem to utilise transports to drop units off, bypassing chokepoints that it has failed to get through. It doesn't 'learn' from it's mistakes?Lack of unit veterancy or other global power unlocks. Having these certainly adds more colour to a fight, saving good units and forces a player to think about what they throw at the enemy, not just how many.Conclusion:Still a good game. I do enjoy playing it when I have time. I don't see the need to compare it to every other RTS. It's not meant to be like starcraft or age of empires. I'm not so stuck in my ways that I need to rebind every available key, as many others complain about.I'd buy it again for someone else as it does have more to offer in the way of multiplayer and skirmish gameplay than campaign (should be noted I only bothered with the first Chimera mission).Great foundations and I would love to see more features put into what is otherwise a fantastic new game. Thumbs up."
76561198039117615,Recommended,318020,18201900,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Romanthony,"Being a Big RTS fan, I was super exicted to see this game, The Real time Stragey Genre, has been extremely, lacking lately.  With most people labeling Games like ""MOBAS"" as Strategy games or games like Civ 5 being a RTS.But this is the kind of Real time Strategy I have missed, base building resource farming, massive armies Upgrading your units.   The only RTS ive seen on the market these days is Starcraft IIHaving said all that lets move onto what I think of the game.Gameplay wise, Its ""Alright""  I eas extremely, Disapointed with the factions With Chirmea And the USA being extremely simliar, right down to the units.  The Cartel  Is a fun faction But again units seemed too fimliar for my liking.Each faction didnt have that ""Unquieness"" to it.  Like with Command and Conquer with Nod, they seemed like Resistince fighters, using what tech they could, and infusing Tiberium into Soilders.  With GDI you could tell they was the more advance, with Units like the Mammoth tank.The 3 factions just seemed underwhelming to me, and didnt stand out, with them being far to simliar.Now the Campaign.  Without spoilers.There is only 2 CampaignsThe Chimera One uses both Chimera units, and The USA units (which is why they seem so close, I didnt even notice the switch)The cartel, as the smallest campaign.  and is Alot more diffcult.The campgain does have FMV movies, in the style, of old C&C games, and can be alittle cheesey sometimes.Gameplay.This was where I was most disapointed,  for a ""Base building"" game is restricts, base building Massively.2 Problems with this...  Factions are lmited to a small space and have to build a ""Outpost"" or there factions version to expand the contruction zone,  this means spamming the battle field with outposts , to reach the resources, you so deprately need.  Yes you can build your Refinery where ever resources are, but without a construction zone near it, you cant build Defences around it, or a Storage drop off point.Second problem is the power system, Both the USA and CHimera, need power early on, which means filling up what little, construcion zones you have to begin with, with power units.  The cartel dont need it till later, But theres have a chance to explode when destoried.  This destorying units around itAnd the other problem I had was the Actual resource Gathering.  There is 3 types, Oil, Alluminiam And Rare earth.   The rare Earth you have too wait till end tier, and have to upgrade in some cases to farm it.  My problem is, with most factions when the resouce pile is empty, Then thats it, Some factions have  way for you to gain oil, by capturing POW's but then it turns into a slow game.Despite all this though I still would recommend it, since there is such a huge lack of RTS games in the market, Maybe wait for a price drop though, or some updates/dlc"
76561197970818120,Recommended,318020,18193681,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,carage,"For starters, the game doesn't suck.I only finished the campaign and only plan to play single player,so I have no clue about the multiplayer of the game.Yes, I finished the campaign with cheats, otherwise I probably can't get past Mission 4.I know I don't have the skill set so I stay offline.More about the single player campaign portion of the game,Mission variety is actually quite good, which can basically be categorized into four types.1. The traditional: Setup a base, Build an army, Mop up the enemy2. Defense: Your base is already there, defend it for set amount of time against waves of enemy3. Escort: Protect moving cargo or VIP travelling across the map4. Small Force Insertion: Basically spec ops mission with limited unit types and reinforcementsI've seen a lot of people complain about the story and voice acting.Well, first of all you got a bunch of Europeans and Asians speaking English, I doubt that is meant to be the character's first language.Then there is the plot, the story is about some big conspiracy to take over the world and an elite UN anti-terrorism force that is supposed to deter them.  Unfortunately the big conspiracy isn't really well explained, and some characters appear to be acting illogical, but I don't think it is that bad.  We've seen crazier plots in the C&C franchise and the audience appear to be much more forgiving.  But no, this isn't World in Conflict either, so I doubt anyone will be playing with tears rolling down their cheeks.Yes, if you play through the Cartel campaign I guess it is obvious that there are probably expansion packs or DLC planned for the game, and I actually intend to play those upon release.Yes, there are three factions but only two campaigns.  Though you do get to use weaponry from all three factions at some point during the campaign.The lack of a tutorial is certainly not a good thing. In any event, it suggests the game is half-baked or rushed to release.It is a simple gesture but not a fatal flaw.   If you played Act of War like 10 years ago, you should feel right at home.  The same gameplay mechanics are here with better graphics.  But they could have at least used the first two missions as a tutorial.The lack of a difficulty adjuster is even more critical, seriously, basically after the 4th level in the Chimera campaign, the game feels closer to Supreme Commander than C&C.  I think they should change the name to War of Attrition.  Later in the campaign, you will be pitted against insane fortresses with a ridiculous horde of units waiting for you.  And unlike C&C or Supreme Commander, the game doesn't give you epic units or super heroes.  There are some spec ops mission with beefed up infantry, but no one is like Tanya or Colonel Burton who happens to be a one person army who can blow up an enemy base on their own.  Yes, the game has supposedly end-game super weapons, but wait they also got anti-super weapons.BTW, there are no unit veterancy/field promotion options in the game, so there is very little incentive to keep old units alive compared to immediately ordering a new batch which adds more fuel to the War of Attrition strategy.  The game does feature pilots ejecting from vehicles after they are destroyed and infantry in general can be captured as POW, but they can only be converted into money.Each faction does look very differently visual wise, however don't expect more than that.  Like the maps that are mostly symetrical in the game, the factions also have fairly symetrical unit types.  They all have the same unit types just with some variations in numbers.  You still have to build infantry, tanks, and choppers to win no matter which faction you are playing.I don't feel I have encountered any serious game crashing bug when I played the campaign, pathfinding is sometimes a problem when you send ground units to unexplored areas on the map over long distances, but I haven't seen units all getting stuck in a place unless they are fighting an enemy right outside factory doors.If I use a numerical scale, I would give the game 75/100.  It's not bad nor is it great.It could have been good, but the lack of tutorial and difficulty settings did throw me off."
,Recommended,318020,18296205,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,WickedPuppy,"If you ever thought there could be a C&C Generals II, this is probably the closest you will get. The game pace, unit building/upgrades, resource collection brings back the same feel I had playing C&C Generals. This game, at least in multi-player gameplay is not about an effective way to play a particular faction, it is about an initial rush or defense, counter-attacks, and disruption of resource allocation. The ways that you can accomplish this vary significantly because of the broad range of units/upgrades you can deploy. Often I find myself several times a game pumping out units, not only to counter the opponent, but to make them have to counter me. They build air units. I build anti-air. They build tanks to counter anti-air. I build artillery to counter tanks. But somewhere in the mix of this chaos you find time to send a stealth unit into their base to capture a building or two--disrupting their ability to contemplate what move you will make next.Most online games last between 20-40 minutes. The players are generally friendly, not like your DOTA players. The only issue at current is the game seems unbalanced. Someone once said, if everybody has to do a particular thing to defend from a particular thing then a game is unbalanced. For instance, there are units in this game that you must have artillery to counter. Exo soldiers move faster then any vehicle and can kill double the amount of tanks, or air units. Their only effective weakness is artillery, assuming you have them in the right place and at the right time. Otherwise you will lose the game without this in place or a lot of luck, they will kill your whole base in seconds.Overall, despite the need to fine-tune the game units, and work on the economy resource collection the game is for the most part stable and glitch free. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes RTS games, especially those who played C&C Generals and loved it."
76561198054211366,Recommended,318020,18652325,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,j.dargie,A great game awsome graffics and makes time fly games can go fast or slow deppending on how you play good ai can be challanging and kick your A$$ if your not watching cant wait for updates or addon packs
76561198057120432,Recommended,318020,18065999,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The General,"What is there to be said? It's a very good sucessor to the old Command and Conquer series and If the developers were going for that, they did it very well.Just disappointed that there is no US Army Campaign and this needs more maps for sirmish mode other than that I love this game."
,Recommended,318020,18081485,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Bekz,"This game reminds me of the good days of RTS with Westwood Studios Command & Conquer Series... before EA murdered them in a dark alley and ruined the promising Genre as we once knew it.Overall:-Great Game, gives me a sufficiently fun time/challenge each multiplayer match for its price tag!-Currently small playerbase for a new release. :( -- Help advertise!Differences from old C&C games:-This requires more aggression/management early game.-Campaign sucks donkey scrotum, purchase for MULTIPLAYER only! (current version)-AI's cheat with money. (current version)-Multiple resources: oil, aluminum, rare earth. Manage stock accordingly. (use LEM's/various storage facilities)"
,Recommended,318020,18445721,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheUltraNoob,really fun game if you know what your doing best way to learn is to go into solo skirmish start withe very easy ai on a 1v1 map and go ahead. Worst part after about ten minutes units don't responed to commands antil they get to the previese wave point but really fun  to play and the best faction to play as in my opion is the us with there abrahams tank on tusk two it can destroy any thing in it path (execpt jets).
76561198202979022,Recommended,318020,18482238,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Voldtægtsmand,look what i can do!back to the review i play this game so much my Fps in game goes down to 20 fps cant wait till i can put my games on my hard drive it has two tb
76561198009162215,Not Recommended,318020,18514647,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,PbMagnet,"I want to like this game.  It screams of the first generation C&C with base building and rather simplistic combat mechanics.    The single player is attrocious cut scenes with robotic voicing for a very loosly based single player experience.  The three resource economy was a big gamble for developers and unfortunatley it didn't pay off.  I am not building a city, I'm amassing an army to crush my enemies.  Worrying about which resource is needed to build rather identical units from bland nondistinctive buildings gets tedious, then old, then frustrating.I want to like this game and it's almost there but doesn't break the cusp of a game I would reccomend.  Wait for a big sale if you're on the fence about purchasing it"
,Recommended,318020,18669903,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ByzantineCanadian,"Very reminiscient of the C&C series. If you liked them, you'll love this."
76561198154513092,Recommended,318020,19636359,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ChuckDM,"Act of Aggression is an RTS that is indeed, as many have said, a spiritual successor to C&C Generals.  The key differences (other than the obvious difference in factions, time periods, etc) are this:- The factions are far more diverse, and a little more well balanced, than Generals factions were.- The engine is, obviously, much better than Generals.  This is notable because, frankly, it looks as nice as anything ever done in any version of Frostbite (the engine that the scrapped Generals 2 was slated to use) but runs FAR better with WAY fewer lag spikes than Frostbite ever has.- The UI is practically hyrogliphic.  It takes freaking FOREVER to learn.  You will lose several ""Easy"" or 'Very Easy"" Skirmish games simply because the UI is so damn cryptic that every action you try takes 10 times longer than it should.That last part is really the only ""con"" this game has.  It is a good game, you just need to be prepared that it's going to take even veteran RTS or C&C players many, MANY hours to learn which picture on which button does what (and that's what you're gonna have to do - reading every word of text every time you play is suicide.)Still, I highly recommend the game.  The gaming space these days is replete with RTS games with population caps, no resource gathering, and a dozen other staples of C&C missing.  Act of Aggression has all the C&C features you want (without the ones from C&C4 that nobody ever wanted.)"
76561197991389707,Recommended,318020,19016031,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Cpt America,"I recommend this game, although many things in this game coud be better.The game has very good graphics and is one of the best rts games since C&C Generals.This game is one of my best rts games.But now the cons:1. This game needs a game speed and a pause setting. The default game speed can be to high against the AI, especially for new players. Taking prisoners and all the other things in this game need a lot of management in a very short time.2. Compared to C&C Generals, the music could really be better. The music in this game gets quickly boring. I turned off the game music and hear my own music to this game.3. The ressources run out a little to quickly, before renewable ressources get available. Taking as many prisoners as possible into prison is very important to have enough income.4. A steam workshop support would make this game a lot better, especially a music mod and a game speed+pause mod."
76561198016241613,Not Recommended,318020,27908901,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,carlperry123,"I played the original Act of Aggression and now I have played the Reboot Edition some.  I really want to recommend this game but I cannot.  The Reboot Edition does make the game much better but it needs more love.Basically, I want Wargame in with a conventional RTS setup.  If they would take the American, Russian, and Chinese units from Wargame put them into three different factions.  Then use the maps from Wargame, this could be the best RTS game I ever played.  It uses the same engine as Wargame, it is created by the same developer but it is not nearly as good.What is right with the game.1. With the Reboot edition it goes to one resource with two ways to collect it.2.  I love playing with infantry.  I know I should elaborate more but infantry are complicated but fun to use.  They are not useless like in most other games.3.  M1A2 Abrams tank, but an Abrams should not be able to shoot down aircraft.What is wrong with this game.1.  It doesn't use cover as well Wargame.  I don't know if the settings are different but the maps don't have as much cover as Wargame maps.2.  Rock, Paper, Sissors - Aircraft, vehicles, infantry, Wargame is deeper than this and I miss it.3.  Several of the units actually can attack all three when fully upgraded, which means it is line of sight vs artillary.4.  The unit upgrade system is a pain when you have to make all units then reselect and upgrade them, Some of them twice.  It would would be better if once the upgrade was researched all units got the upgrade."
76561198147183039,Recommended,318020,18245556,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Weitsicht,verry nice rts i still enjoy playing it because it isnt an easy gamejust check some gameplay videos to check it outwhy does it have that much negative revies ?well here are some of the most problems players are complaining about in ingame chat:-ai is good enough to give you some verry hard times-ppl cant read tooltips ...(some say it is impossible to do things like repairing units and buildings but they just failed to read the unit or building names ....  for all those ppl try to build REPAIR outposts or REPAIR vehicles ...)-they just cannot rush in with cheese tactics and win in less than 5 minutes-game has more than 1 resouce and it seems to difficult to check what type you actually need to build something
,Recommended,318020,34497337,Posted: 25 August,all,Estaldin92,much better than the original. I am a fan of the reboot... lot more balance and beautiful graphics... a must have for command and conquer fans
,Recommended,318020,17851006,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[SoDu] SentinelX,"Where to start :DThis game was on my radar from the moment it was announced. As an avid RTS-player (having played nearly everything from Dune2 to AoE to SC2 and everything in between), this one got me excited. The looks of the early screens made me drool and I honestly hoped that this wouldn't be blown off (looking at you EA...).Few weeks ago, closed beta ended and open beta opt-in was available for everyone that pre-ordered.This game is SOLID! It has a high degree of polish and depth in the unit roster. The graphics are top-notch for an RTS-title (although I have to admit that 1080p falls somewhat short compared to the screenshots provided, but players ensured me that the 4K experience is the real deal, so now: up to saving some money ;) )The Factions are all different in approach and how they take to the battlefield, but similar enough that you don't have to ""relearn"" the game just to play with another army. Each army has a myriad of units available, and each army focusses on a certain aspect of the battlefield. Find out for yourself ofcourse which army goes best with your preferred playstyle.Here's the review in numbers:Graphics: 8/10 (still waiting on that 4K to truly judge this)Gameplay: 8.5/10Replayability: 8/10Pros:- 3 different yet easy-to-switch-between factions- Huge unit roster- 4K optimised!- Ranked MPCons:- Rescource system takes some time getting used to- 1080p graphics do, sadly, not compare to the screenshots- some unit behaviour is clunky (mostly air)Do i recommend? Ofcourse. If you have any experience with C&C titles and want a similar game to take it into the year 2015 then this game is sure for you! Be warned though: this game is not a dumbed down moba. If you expect this one to play itself, go play something else. RTS is about skill and not about spamming abilities ;)"
76561198060873796,Recommended,318020,22075583,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Brocktapus,PLAY THE NEW BETA VERSION!!!!!! The regular version is awful. But the new Beta version reminds me of C&C Zero Hour. The only thing missing is in game leveling and super power abilities. Super stoked for some future content updates.
,Recommended,318020,20483965,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Puppet,"As a massive fan of the Act of War series I was very excited to play this and actually paid full price (something I rarely do on Steam) for a chance to get it ASAP.Though I was a little disappointed with not being able to position troops on building roofs (small thing I know, but it was one of things that stood out in the originals) overall I believe this is a sequal Eugen Systems should be proud of.  Hope they release another later down the line! :)"
,Recommended,318020,21521087,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ΞHN,"One of the best new RTS games, definitly worth playing. Is very similar to C&C Generals gamplay. A must play for RTS fans. 10/10"
76561198036204036,Recommended,318020,21852272,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,tim,If you've been looking for a base building real time strategy game with units that resemble actual tanks and vehicles then this is the game. It could be considered a more modern command and conquer generals.  The developers have done the genre justice!
,Recommended,318020,21970817,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,singularity0821,"If you miss the good old strategy games, this is the game for you! It might be a little hard in the beginning but once you found out how to play each of the factions it's a blast!"
76561198091650485,Recommended,318020,21379823,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,senzuplayer59,Not bad
76561198133842073,Recommended,318020,21723755,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Muddy1,I like this game quite a bit. I just wish it had more maps.
76561198070458533,Recommended,318020,21048906,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Camouflage,"played it for 3 hours and already thinking it's a good old school rts, if you like C&C Generals i would certainly recommend it cause it's a great game and until now i have nothing to complain again it's a great game. Keep up the good work developers :D"
76561198024767926,Recommended,318020,21356500,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,IMT | Tanukaner,"Good graphics and great sound.Gameplay can be a little slow sometimes and the resource system could be better.Overall, it is one of the better RTS's that have come out in the last few years.7.9/10Chimera is master race."
,Recommended,318020,21370294,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dwarfthorin Danando,"redalert successor, no more to say....."
,Recommended,318020,21469379,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,D-Rad,If you liked C&C generals this game is very similar feeling but it adds a bit more realism. My favorite aspect to the game is that there are rewards for both returning your downed pilots/rescuing injured soldiers and capturing the enemies pilots/injured soldiers. That added concept alone makes me feel as though they've put some value the life of your troops instead of making them cannon fodder. The game does a great job at making every team feel different but balanced between the three.
76561197970928655,Recommended,318020,21069792,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,seraphim524,"It is a worthy entry into the faded arena of RTS games. Furthermore, it seems to bring back some of the spirit of the classical RTS titles such as Command and Conquer, Dune, ect. Some of the controls, mechanics, the AI and the story/voce overs are something that needs significant work, but overall great effort. A must have for old school RTS fans."
76561197976815428,Recommended,318020,21925913,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zxynax,"It's fun, albeit buggy and the intelligence for units controlled by a human is either omitted or completely broken.Serious balance issues abound as well.Let me describe what I mean.Group move.  What does this mean to you when I say it?  I imagine most of you, much like myself, imagine a group moving at the same speed so that they remain in the same group.  This game have no concept of it.  If you select a group containing vehicles/air/infantry they will take different paths and arrive all at different times.  Good luck with this if you're waging a multi-front engagement.Support units.  If they are with your combat units they will not stay with them.  When the group is engaged en route they will continue while under fire to their end destination.  What the heck?  Furthermore, if the group is stationary and comes under fire the unarmed repair units run away.  Really ruins the point of a combat engineer/medic.Defense.  Woefully insufficient in most cases.  Chimera probably has the best but the others are just sad.Artillery.  That there's no defense for these, especially with specifying ground attack, this is a horrible imabalance.  A similar mechanic to the anti-missile would be a good solution.  A player with antleys and rhinos should not be unstoppable.There's a plethora of other enhancements that would make this game great.  In some other postings I have seen that people complain about the 3 resources.  A silly complaint in my opinion.  Another complaint I've heard is about how the building works.  It's rather nice in this game and I don't understand people's issue with it.They plan to do a reboot and I am waiting to see what enhancements are made.Despite what I have said, I recommend this game.  If you're on the fence, don't get it, it won't blow your mind.  But if RTS is your cup of tea, buy it as you will most certainly enjoy it."
76561198030108206,Recommended,318020,21972118,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Warzone,"I recently played the reboot of the game which changes the game into a old C&C generals type of play style.  I going to tell everyone that the reboot is better than the original game, theirs only one resource instead of three, new units, more organized and simple C&C research style (After building a certain building you unlock more units and upgrades to those units), and the classic builder builds the building set up.  It reminds me of Act Of War games, which is a old game made by the same company that were really good rts's.  If you played the game when it came out I give the game another go and see the way they changed it, you may like it more, but that up to you.  All in all, I like the original and the reboot."
,Recommended,318020,22068718,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Highlow9,Great RTS. It feels like a nice comination between C&C Generals and the Wargame series. And if you don't like the Wargame elements the upcomming 'Reboot edition' looks a lot more like C&C than Waregame!
,Recommended,318020,22094149,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Brock Samson,"The Reboot edition makes this an amazing RTS. It is included with every version of the game, and you just select Reboot Edition when launching the game from Steam. It still takes a while to level up your tech to end game, but single resource economy is a huge win. While the Cartel and Chimera factions do provoke some raised eyebrows at a few things, the gameplay in Act of Aggression is great and the units in the realistic US faction at least bring back fond memories of other legendary RTS games. It's a lot of fun to load up an Osprey with Delta infantry and drop it on an enemy occupied bank. The fact that you have to call in fixed wing support and it doesnt just circle on station endlessly adds a nice touch of ""Wargame"" franchise style realism. Upgrades are everything in this game. Expect to spend and extra 2k credits on some units to make them fully powered and operational, and you'll have to buy ammo for your top tier defensive systems like Patriots. This is worth while as they can intercept ""Tactical weapons"" (super waepons, nukes and the like).  The economy is still the core to this game, and even on the lowest difficulties, this game is unforgiving if you fumble the economy for even a little bit. The AI will wreck you when your production grinds to a halt. The campaign/story is alright, serves the purpose if you leave your expectations far enough behind.  On the whole, if you are a fan of classic RTS games like C&C and the newer ones like Wargame this will be a fun ride. It definitely gives you the feel of a good resource/base-building RTS with just enough of the new tricks. Definitely worth while on sale. At full price, only if you love RTS games a lot (in which case you probably already have this)."
,Recommended,318020,22227874,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nithralder,"PROS :-Good RTS, if you liked Command and Conquer or similar old shool RTS give this a try.-Good Graphics, plenty of graphics options to choose from, runs pretty well-Multiplayer is fun and greatCons:-UI is terrible and could use some work but gets the job done-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Keybindings, Most RTS games use the ""A"" key for attack move, this game uses Q but thankfully you can rebind all the keys though it should follow the typical RTS keybind format-Single Player Campaign is trash, don't waste your time"
76561197970509330,Recommended,318020,22230932,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Blurfester,"Old School RTS with all the fixin's. This RTS borrows from a few old school RTS's (Command And Conquer Generals) to name one, mashes everything up and then adds a ♥♥♥♥♥on of things to upgrade, pretty decent graphics and voila! you getAge of Aggression. 9/10 for a solid strategy experience."
76561197971496938,Recommended,318020,19555118,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,crutz_snr,"This is a great game. But, do, do, do, play a few skermish mission first to get the hang of the build trees. Also start with very easy enemy or your game will be short."
76561198004009454,Not Recommended,318020,23342547,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Adam_C4explO,"the most boring rts i've ever played  the early game is dire, the balance, continuity fluidity of the game  is way way off,  the engine makes everything look ugly, maps are poor, resource system and everything in this is sub-par to its predecessor   and peers in the rts genreit literally does nothing to add any substance  for my money i want it back!"
,Not Recommended,318020,23147741,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Neodashi,"*NOTE* the first 15 hours of play were solo offline VS AI in REBOOT Edition.Act of Aggression has extreme Desync problems so if you are looking to play with friends don't bother. If you are looking to play solo wait until it goes 50% off at the least. I have played it for 18 hours and it's been problem after problem. I played with 2 friends and they were both placed in completely different positions then what the map preview even allows. ""easy"" AI simplely cheat by starting with middle game upgrades. Several times my base was being ""zerged"" on my screen but on my friend's there wasn't even anything on the map. I also have a high-end desktop ( GTX 970, G.skill 8GB DDR3, I7 3773K @ 3.5) and a good internet connection yet playing online after 10 minutes into every match my FPS drops into single digits. All attack commands are ignored and all ""move here"" commands turn into auto attack everything and suicide."
76561198162532677,Recommended,318020,18702908,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Robin,nice game
76561198043457648,Recommended,318020,18706640,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Butterball8,the game needs some more units
,Recommended,318020,17898088,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cura,"After spending over five hours in game and playing it, I can finally give a worthy review of the game.Its not a bad game, it shows so much potental and does recapture the quality vibe of the mid-90s RTS games which I like, but sporting in new-generation coat of paint. It also plays good as well, having units move slower when offroad, and faster on the road, each faction is unique and has quite a nice selection of units to play around with.But this game is not without its problems, all games have this. For one, the infantry die way too quickly in campaign. I understand when you are fighting tanks and such, infantry should be quickly dying for rushing fast into something they should not fight, but, in this example, the first mission of the game. You have only infantry units and you are fighting enemy infantry; your only secondary objective is don't lose any infantry. Which is really difficult when you lose seven of the ten you are given. There is no cover on this map, so they can easily die.Another struggling point about this game is the fact, there is no tutorial or clues on what the heck you are doing. If you were a new player to the genre, you would not enjoy this game unless you dived into solo-player skrimish mode with no enemies, just to learn the basics. Other than this, the game is mostly fine. Needs a lot of tender love and care in patch fixes and updates, and since the devs are aware of the issues, we should see this in the future.PROS:- Classic RTS Vibe- 3 Unique Factions- Looks and feels good.CONS:- No Tutorial- Unbalanced Moments- Buggy Situations where the game softlocks [A state where you can still play the game, but nothing updates or works. You can still command units, but no enemies spawn nor you can build anything. (very rare, but can happen)]"
76561198073698341,Recommended,318020,17899589,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,PurpleWurple,"""Bombardment!"" - Command and Conquer Generals Zero hourThats what this game is, a ""bombardment"" of new stuff [and sometimes confusing stuff] to generals.Its like they stole command and conquer and gave it an upgrade with graphics and other buttons, units, buildings etc.This game is hard to master but fun and intresting for CC and other RTS players9/10[-1 for TOO many buttons]"
76561198034334547,Recommended,318020,17863591,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,B3rryCandy4u,I like it so much! :)
,Recommended,318020,17856974,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,superweapons,Very good RTS game. Needs a few things to be great. 8.5/10
76561198037205765,Recommended,318020,17885387,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Connster,"Like everyone said if you like command and conquer this is a MUST HAVE. Action is fast paced and it looks beautiful if you can run it on ultra. Factions are different and interesting. US Army is slow to build up and has a traditional building style and resource gathering (dump trucks), The cartel has helicopters that deliver resources and a helicopter as a recon unit(to discover resources). I said earlier how action is fast paced, but I feel like its a bit too quick. Resource gathering is slow and tedious and 90% of the time even if you have 4 oil factories and 2 banks. Infantry is pretty much non existant after 15 minutes into the game. There are plenty of defenses, however I feel this game would benefit from a wall and gate mechanic. It doesnt seem like a true base builder when tanks can just steam roll pass your turrents. Theres pretty much no such thing as turtling especially due to instant game enders like nukes. That being said this game is pretty fun and I recommend it to any casual or hardcore rts fan."
76561198008009358,Recommended,318020,17885889,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mage_of_D,"This is the return to classic RTS that I've been looking for. It seemed like most of what made RTS games great during the golden age of C&C, Warcraft, and Age of Empires was lost. This is a true return to form for the genre."
76561198041076023,Recommended,318020,17850496,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Labfam96,I have played C&C since tiberian dawn and this game is right up there with the best RTS games I have ever played. If you are on the fence about buying this game don't wait. Think C&C generals and that will give you some idea how this game works.
76561198041921839,Recommended,318020,17850551,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,HoRuS,a true rts
,Recommended,318020,17870216,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,sotha chill,"Don't ask me why they released the game right next to Metal Gear Solid and Mad Max because I expected way more reviews for such a good RTS.This is a complex, straight-up base building RTS in the vein of C&C and AoW. Lots of cool stuff that reminds me of Supreme Commander, too, but maybe thats just because I play a lot of Supreme Commander.This RTS, although not as tight as Starcraft 2, has enough meat to satisfy any veteran of realtime strategy. Has a steep learning curve for people who don't play RTS due to the amount of stuff you can do.Adequate differances to each of the factions although it lacks a lot of the flavor of C&C (the english voice acting sucks and the music sounds like stock rock n roll FX ripped from some website). Aircraft is bad in my opinion and would be much much cooler if they were done the same as they were in C&C Generals.Great strategy game, especially for people who want something a little deeper than Starcraft or Company of Heroes like me."
,Recommended,318020,17941367,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DipScott,"This game reminds me about Command and Conquer Generals.is a Great game!you got a better game can spend money on,but I hope they add or change the music a little bitlike battle theme in Red alert."
,Not Recommended,318020,17888427,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Tacgnol,"I have to say with all the positive reviews this game got, I'm shocked to find myself giving this game a negative review. I felt like I was struggling with the fog of war and unit size in this game. Everything was so small and the flavor text was difficult to read, I tried adjusting my resolution and switching it to windowed mode with no avail. This game also felt like it lacked any sense of maps with choke points, every map the enemy could back door you and being a new player to the game it was very disappointing. It's a game I am going to continue playing and will change my review if I feel I start to enjoy it, However my initial impressions are poor."
76561198059162241,Recommended,318020,17895622,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,a.i.albastaki,good old style stratigic game
76561198169430702,Not Recommended,318020,30249880,Posted: 28 February,all,Asikx,Why the game haven't had an update??? you need to ballance and add things. come on! did the developers left the game? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! THE DEVELOPERS HAVE ABANDONED IT
76561198073706797,Recommended,318020,21037295,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,that one guy,great new look for the same old look of rts games ai is very good at being adptive an is a sob some times well done as a hole
76561198280439853,Recommended,318020,20983538,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chinexxian,Needs better tutorial setup...
76561198064664407,Recommended,318020,22404604,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Thancit,Stared really wonky and trying to be innovative in ways that were not needed but then they went in and revamped the whole game to give it a more traditional c&c vibe. What really gets me loving this game is they went so far as to rerelease the game fixing the things the communities said was wrong and changing the whole direction of the game.
,Recommended,318020,22375226,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Wildcard NA,"Casual gamer over here, I am a true RTS fan and I must say I really love this game!I have mixed feelings about removing the extra resources in beta but overall the game just reminds me of the golden days of RTS, such a blast!Pros of removing the extra resources:-easier way to get a comeback if you fall behind (rare minerals need research and funds to get which you cant do if you fall behind)-makes oil deposits alot more important, making the game more fast paced but still leave room for late gameCons-the sense of depth removed from having extra resources-game might become too fast paced, forcing players to a single mindset to get a hold of a huge amount of refineries to get an edge"
76561198006228095,Not Recommended,318020,17892206,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Craig's Mum,"Really doesn’t feel like a finished game, controls feel clunky - pace is really slow. Campaign is literal attack move - Wow level completed!! - yawn. Really don't know why it has so many positive reviews. Graphics and music are a real let down. Music especially is just awful. Crossfire doesn’t work - not that it’s needed but when it’s on it makes the game really jittery. Videos in between levels have the world’s most bored voice actors. Really not what I expected and nowhere near as good as other RTSs :/ Really wanted to like this game but it really doesn’t feel like a finished product."
76561198098859184,Not Recommended,318020,28144758,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,eddied69,"I haven't had the pleasure of playing the game yet,cause it looks like a kaleidoscope?! I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!! Before there was another problem where the game wouldn't correctly fit into the size of my monitor. They've corrected it with a kaleidoscope now! Highly unrecommended!!!!"
76561198008935532,Not Recommended,318020,28384215,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,STEA_M SUCKSARSE,Graphics is stuffed. Games crashes. Can't even get the reboot version to work..Useless.
,Recommended,318020,28716785,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Anderson,best ground based stragey game that e matchs C&C
76561198031249229,Recommended,318020,18679011,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Coolmummy,Its like I start a game I'm in the lead then out of no where the enemy team gets a superweapon and next thing you know I have a finger up my♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would recommend.
76561198055057145,Recommended,318020,19464577,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,photo bysergio,Glorious continuing of C&C Generals style game. Multiplayer is Amazing.  Give it some time to learn and yuo will love it! In the end its a strategy and you need to THINK! Defenetly a MUST BUY if you love RTS.
76561198022241634,Recommended,318020,20540325,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gozzle,"Good RTS game - even if they were more abundant, this would still stand out as a good one. If you like C & C, Starcraft etc then pick this up."
,Recommended,318020,17849911,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MR.Allar,Sure it brings back act of war in some kind new inovative way but still it is not a act of war. It is tweaked and twisted clone of it.Update:With Reboot Edition game has gone trough a massive over haul In some way it has got more better.  Plus if your PC even doesnt meet minimum specs of game then dont buy it or get better PC since game is not that well optimised and devs have abondoned it so yeah no new updates.Final update: Devs have abonden it so yeah if you want some kind new rts. Give it a try but get it  on sale for smallest price as possible. Plus read other reviwes for pros and cons. For me it is somewath good time killers so i recommend it. Still choice is yours buy it or dont buy it.
76561198006736389,Recommended,318020,17869204,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,johnni777,This game is a real gem if you like RTS old school games graphics are nice sound is good and I also like the fact that in spite of the complexity of the game and the many different strategies you can implement its not really hard in terms of difficulty the first few missions . There is a lot of units and lot of upgrades to choose from which alltogether is touching the heart of an old seasoned strategy gamer like me can only recommend this game .
76561198088784609,Recommended,318020,35179684,Posted: 24 September,all,blazeraptor54,"ALRIGHT LISTEN UP MAGGOTS!!!!!!!!!!Sgt: Blazeraptor54 here from the USMC battlion Alpha-Omega. I'm going to give you the frigging run down of this gam, and I know my low hour count has something of a disallure but that's for another time! Act of Aggression is now!What were my first impression of this game? Terrible, but then again I was playing the reboot edition which might as well be this previously beautiful soaked in animal♥♥♥♥♥♥and feces. Numnuts at Ubi and Eug, this isn't how you make a reboot! You're just runing the tatical plays of the original, and this review will soley focus on that game!First off, yes, I play as the USA. Why? Because TEAM AMERICA that's why!Anyway, the graphics of the reboot suck, but the orginal game actually is a bit more better and has more of a feel too it. You can actually tell that your soliders are running! RUNNING not in place, but running!I can soldily give graphics a 7/10 for the original, but for the reboot i give it one dirty latrine (3) out ten!Music is okay, I mean it's nothing special, and since it's the same soundtrack for both games I can't say it's not too different. However, when playing as The Cartel I discovered the soundtrack fits them great since you're mainly stealthing most of the game, and by the way...NAPALM! (6/10)Gameplay for the orginal is a solid copy off of C&C and if you haven't played command and conquer...the hell you've been? There is dozens of those games, you've got Red Alert, the normal orginals, Tiberium wars (GDI!) and then you had the fourth game which was basically you fighting the Nod for Earth (and that's the redheaded step child of this little family.)Anyway, but it takes it a step further when it comes to tatical gameplay. You see let's just the reboot sucks and move on (4/10)  but the orginal is so much better and is actually deserving of praise. Think about this, I can build multiple superweapons in both games, but the normal  SWs don't usually rely on cashflow so...guess what boys and girls...if you want that nuke go find and guard that red desposit.then do like I do, build four silos, put two to a silo, and light up a cigar and just carpet bomb(nuke) an area. Easy win, easy  death, and my god I love the smell of nukes in the morning (coming to a Country near you in 2018...brought to you by THE TRUMP and KIM JUNG UN adminastration!)FRIGGIN 8/10 I would carpet bomb The Cartel again!Unit avaliability is tricky, since both games have the same units, but I think the original makes it more of an experience rather than just buying them with cash. You want soliders, spend money, you want that damn heli? you better have the aluminum on the fleek (gah stupid word...)plus every faction does have unique units, so, you're basically getting a unique exprience out of each one. USA, USA, USA!!!!8/10 again...for the original.6/10 for the reboot.Given these numbers (and before I forget to mention no...don't replay the reboot of this...just play the orignal which comes with it.)I can soldily give THE ORIGINAL GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a great 7/10 (which is above average and lives up to the hype a little whle still having shortcomings...don't worry...C&C did too.)THE REBOOT!!!! THE DUMBING DOWN PIECE OF **** is...a...10/1....hahaha....no...just kidding. It's 4/10 a below average game.Good night, and good day, and AMERIcA WILL LEAD THE WAY!(I recommended it simply because the orignal version is great enough to play alone...and I want you to get it on sale...full price for it is okay...but sale would've been better.)"
,Not Recommended,318020,17863960,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kiizuro,"Mostly a multi-player game. This game is great to play with friends, however. For those looking for single player, don't buy this game. 2/5"
,Not Recommended,318020,18238094,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Cadian Guardsman,"I've been playing Eugen System games since Act of War came out and while I was initially a fan I have to say that now I'm probably their biggest detractor. Infact I will humour you with my review of Act of Aggression taken straight from my practice script for a video I was going to to but turned into a 12 minute rant.Act of Aggression is a RTS that claims to be a return to the classical style of RTS. Many games have attempted to return to this classic style of RTS with the biggest highlight being the spectacular mismanagement of C&C Generals 2 by EA.Let me settle one thing first, Act of War and Wargame:European Escalation are some of my favourite games. Wargame was innovative and unique at the time of it release whereas Act of War was campy and fun. In these games we see the best that Eugen could do. Act of War, though fun was a C&C clone with all the failings and successes of C&C Generals. It had some interesting gimmicks that made it stand out from the group but on the whole it was a standard game backed up by solid voice acting and fun live action videos. I mention this because it is Act of Aggressions biggest failings, the voice acting in it is pathetic and dull. I've seen baby's first video game with more interesting voice acting that this. If this is what an Act of Aggression sounds like I don't want to know what an Act of Boredom sounds like. What's more the awesome Live Action movies are completely missing; replaced instead with dull, unimaginative CoD 4 style exposition clips with stock images and videos. For a company who has sold many copies of its game previously it doesn't seem to want to reinvest that dosh in to making a good game. The story is clichéd but not in the semi-entertainingly campy way Act of War's story was but in the ""I'm stopping after 4 missions level of bad"". But enough about story let's move on to the meat of the game.The Game play is dull and uninspired. Units move slowly and always prefer to lock to roadways which leads to unintuitive and clunky combat. This would be a problem in a game like CoH 2 where cover is important or C&C were positioning is important but oh no, we are playing Act of Aggression where units die so quickly that all that matters are numbers and spamming OP units and the hard counters to said OP units. I stand by my statement in saying that comparing it to C&C Generals is an insult to C&C Generals. C&C Generals may be old and may have similar design philosophies, but those philosophies are much better implemented. Very rarely will you not have a chance to react in C&C, if you make a mistake you can at least try to respond. Don't bother here you'll just die tired. Harassment a key component to Classic style strategy games is COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY DISCOURAGED due to the interesting but flawed prisoner capture system. This leads to combat being always massive engagements that last only about 5 seconds.The map design is terrible. The maps are so large that even if harassment was encouraged you wouldn't bother because the maps are huge. You may think that this encourages manoeuvre but you'd be wrong as people enter a gentlemen's agreement to not spend another 10 minutes flanking over the 10 spent building up. What this leads to is a boring game with massive amounts of downtime. It is much easier to defend than attack - a common theme in Eugen games that leads to some really boring games. In the beta I had a game last for 2 hours because neither of us was willing to attempt to push, when I did I got annihilated by base defences. The game lacks the nuance of C&C Generals command abilities and so game play stagnates to stalemate due to the size of the maps.The UI is terrible - something you have to see to believe. I'll try n link my video about it in but seriously placing your resource bar at the top of the screen is one of the dumbest UI choices I've seen in a RTS in ages.Finally it's economy. My god a more convoluted and unintuitive economy doesn't exist outside of Satan's hairy... you could call it a mini-game trying to figure out what unit does what and what is the ideal build order (it's spam tanks and AA tanks). Their are 3 resources you must collect however setting up the logistics train is boring and dull. You spend more time setting up for battle than fighting, but the setting up is CoH 2's minefield and killzone deployment or the careful positioning and dance of death that Generals has, no here you've got set up bloody resource buildings because macro is all that matters.In my opinion Eugen doesn't have the talent to make a balanced game. CoH 2 and C&C Generals ain't perfect but if your thinking of replacing them with this game, keep looking. I would NOT recommend this game to anyone who has played a strategy game in the last 15 years because this game is stuck in the 90's without the fun of the campiness.For those too lazy to read he's the same info dumped into a 12 minute rant on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC5TqqZ6ECc"
76561198036245725,Not Recommended,318020,25105196,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Phantom X,"It's not C&C to meso i Could not get in to it.It's the ""Super Weapons"" and units"
76561198010209700,Not Recommended,318020,18154611,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DEZZMANTIS,"Lots of potential, but falls short on delivery. Campaign missions are completely unbalanced; the AI in this game is ridiculously OP (overpowered). In the campaign missions it’s like going up against MLG (Major League Gaming) player. The only mode in this game that is winnable is skirmishes, where you have complete control of your tech tree. The units are unbalanced, especially the US Army. The build cost for units are high and resource gathering is extremely slow. To the point the AI is picking your base apart and all you can do is watch because production has grinded to a halt. This game absolutely infuriates me, THIS IS NOT A FULL RETAIL GAME! This is clearly still in beta, it’s broken and unbalanced."
,Recommended,318020,22907889,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[ZSU] Strongbow,"4v4 comp stomp. Turtle until i have 200+ of each Tanks, Infantry, Artillery and Helicopters. Then i send them out.After stomping for a while i build a dedicated search and rescue team to go pick up wounded soldiers, i make squads with special forces and medics, send them out in jeeps and try to navigate through hostile territory to save my lost soldiers.My infantry batallion was hit with multiple napalm bombs, some 50 men out of 200 survived, search and rescue sped to rescue the stranded men, this is when i noticed a small red icon, a single enemy soldier was having a field day snatching my men. I immediately rolled out everything i had to crush this monster.Without thinking i send everything i had into the fray on attack-move.By the time i realized my artillery was firing, it was too late. Hundreds of tanks and support vehicles were in the firing zone. Damn those upgraded salvos. Damn them.Needless to say, my search and rescue teams were overwhelmed.10/10"
76561197999416881,Not Recommended,318020,22977166,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Apocalypse,"I refunded the game twice - once for the release and again for the reboot.The developers missed the mark; the game is still too focused on economics and less on fighting, but even the combat mechanics are poor.Command & Conquer is still the better game"
76561198077605787,Not Recommended,318020,17896438,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,joelhsj,"I had long waited for this came. Unfortunately, the expectation didn't outlive the actual gameplay... While the game follows previous series of 'Act of War', I do not see the fun that used to exist in AOW.Although units are new and futuristic, I can't see how cool they are when they die too fast... Honestly, units are SLAUGHTERED during single player. I've seen some bizzare splash damanges where more than dozens of choppers got killed in less than 5 seconds by a few rockets(I'm not even sure if this was even a rocket... What kind of weapon could have such horrible splash damage? ). As some of your objectives is to keep some units alive (i.e. Exosoldiers), you realize that they die so terribly fast and it eventually becomes a frustration. Not that I don't respect the developer's intention to make single player hard, but it's just not fun anymore.I've played a few games by Eugen, and I seriously LOVE Wargame series. I know the single player in that game was horribly hard too. But the game's pace wasn't this fast in Wargame. Also, the units have realistic range/weapons which does not kill the enemy instantly (except tank vs. light armor). The game tries to be arcade but its objectives are RTS... I remember AOW was more focused on the arcade (I don't remember getting any SF guys killed during single player in AOW or its sequel high treason). Now my only hope is that the developers release a patch to somehow balance this..."
,Not Recommended,318020,17887594,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Hamlaser,"Feels like Act of War with too much crap going on at once. Some mechanics work better than AoW, but some are just silly. Some are just plain missing. I don't like the lack of veterancy and how I can't station infantry on top of buildings. It's something new to get used to. The 3 resources is too much to micromanage. The music is awful. Very awful. Holy crap it's bad. I loved the music from AoW, which very much added to the atmosphere. That escalating theme as the action increases. In Act of Agression, the music sounds, and feels like, a mobile game trying too hard. I'll keep playing, but ill probably end up back at AoW. Some are pointing out that this is the spiritual successor to C&C generals, and not Act of War. It could just be ignorance on their part, or the truth. I hated Generals. Overall it's not $60 and it still contains classic RTS elements, so out of the two choices, but I'll say don't recommend since ""meh"" isn't an option."
76561198014346936,Recommended,318020,22912068,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Billy Bones,"If you're a fan of the first C&C games and want a solid RTS game with realistic units, this is the game to buy.Mechanics have been revamped in a recent reboot (buy you still have the option to play vanilla). Many ctiticize the campagin, but for me it was too hard and never bothered playing it, so I stick to the skirmish and I am -VERY- content."
,Recommended,318020,23370403,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Erinyes,"Honestly this game is fan-♥♥♥♥ing tastic, even (especially?) before the reboot edition. I'm not liable to stop playing this for a long, long time."
76561198024966542,Not Recommended,318020,19917563,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Andy46,Seen it all before.............good graphics but bored after a few plays.
76561198030853973,Not Recommended,318020,33774939,Posted: 24 July,all,Island Ed,worked till they released the reboot edition. since then crash crash crash. not playable at all. thanks for wasting my money!
76561198022236367,Recommended,318020,17869377,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,stumpysheep,"The tactical RTS we have been waiting forI don't normally do early reviews but this is very simple.If you were hoping for a new Act of War, then Act of Aggression is everything you were dreaming of. It's a new episode and it's all back - the characters, the deep strategy, the proper cut scenes, and the 'sod the unit cap' approach to total war.And if you missed it first it time round then welcome to what C&C Generals should've been.This is a bit special. Eugen just set the new bar for RTS's."
76561198097705451,Recommended,318020,24561956,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this rts game
76561198052615915,Not Recommended,318020,23115519,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,leemug,Looks like C&C and Act of War until you start playing it. From about mission 4 it's just load and re-load as you firefight and try and build units and upgrades. This is continually interrupted by power failures cause by lack of minerals particularly alluminium. Where do you mine alluminium? No idea! No tutorial so then its a visit to the walkthrough to try figure out how to play the mission.If you are looking for a fun game forget it! More like being in a boxing ring with your arms tied behind your back being pummelled by 3 boxers.
76561198095710765,Recommended,318020,20932305,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,General Deathshead,love it and the cartle the best its new NODget this game
76561198089055512,Recommended,318020,17929916,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MOBBALOBBIN,A+++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,318020,17851122,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Frost White Fox,We need more games like this.
,Recommended,318020,18156816,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Arturius,"I recommend this game mostly for the skirmishes and online battles.There are diverse units, a good mix of micro and macro gameplay mechanics, a small but fun to listen to musical score and average MP maps.Improvements could be made to the maps, they are completely mirror symmetrical and I'd prefer to see more organic but balanced maps a'la Company of Heroes/Dota2.I tried the singleplayer story and it seemed completely tacked on IMO, not worth playing. Overall though, this game is exciting if you are an RTS fan."
76561197988971697,Recommended,318020,18162242,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,onewhofound,"This is one of the first games I have bought full price in a long time and it was worth every penny. If you have been playing RTS games since the ancient times of Dune 2000, then you will love this game as it plays like an improved version of CnC Generals.That said, I haven't the foggiest idea how a game that is otherwise this good has a campaign mode that is this ridiculously bad/unplaytested. I have played RTS since the genre was invented and have rarely been as frustrated as this. In most missions the AI attacks in endless waves using combined arms while you have to fight back using limited units and resources with a time limit to boot.This would be a 5 star game, but the hotkey savegame glitch alone is enough to drop it to four stars. Here's hoping a future patch fixes it.4/5 stars"
76561198029724976,Not Recommended,318020,23350271,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,LilLatinAssassin77,"Quick review: This game is bar-none the absolute worst RTS I have played in years. It is quite unbalenced, Multiplayer is dead (understandably), and the Campaign is nightmarish. I am very sad to find out that it is so bad as I was hoping it would be like Ruse or Command and conquer and explore new, inovative ways to outwit and crush your enemy; making them watch helplessly as their base is razed to the ground, but it reminded me of a rip off command and conquer generals that didn't bother to steal any of the good ideas. It is all bad, all the time and seems like it was released entirely too early. The game feels like it is in the alpha stage. I waited on it to improve much in the same sense as a parent waits on a young child to quit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bed. however, my patience was to no avail as the game just sits wallowing in it's feces with drool slowly streaming down its chin."
,Not Recommended,318020,23357996,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dakk0n,"When I first heard about this game I got excited. I used to play all C&C games especially the C&C Generals. But when I tried playing this one, I got disappointed. The controls are clunky. The unit pathing is a pain in the a55. The campaign is mediocre.I havent played the reboot because they didnt include the campaign in it."
76561198014986383,Recommended,318020,17904162,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Super America,"Great, Unique, RTS.AI can be challenging and the story is good."
76561197972331223,Recommended,318020,17899081,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pandion,If you liked C&C Generals you will like AOA. The voice acting is worse than trerrible but in my opinion that can be overlooked. Graphics look great even on my older machine (5850 graphics cards) and the game runs very smooth even with lots of action on the screen. I definitely think the game is worth playing and highly recommend it especially to fans of C&C Generals.
,Recommended,318020,17865789,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,omar_uav,generals 2?
,Recommended,318020,17865827,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[FSG] merauder75,"Fantastic successor to C&C Generals, looks great, flows well. AI is bit on the psychotic side and will pretty much rush you immediately, even on the easiest setting. Would definitely reccomend if you are a fan of more traditional, sprawling-base style RTSes."
76561198078402559,Recommended,318020,17905415,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ammarmunshi,"You love this game if you love games like Red alert, C&C 2 and War hammer."
76561198057493340,Recommended,318020,22960600,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,sirsyuri,So far the reboot edition will not run correctly for me on windows 10. To be far it is still marked as beta so that can tend to happen. On the brighstside I think the original game is well worth the price that is currently being charged on here. It is a great classic RTS game with a few quirks that the reboot will eventually address. I think the fact that there is even a reboot edition at all let alone that it is free for current owners deserves some applause to the devloper. I would suggest if you are a hardcore C&C fan to give this game a shot!
,Recommended,318020,17875094,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Viper123_SWE,"A RTS truly hailing back to the golden age of the genre.While resembling C&C Generals in some cases, AoA is primarily a spiritual successor to the critically acclaimed Act of War franchise.The game features three factions, each with their own strength and weaknesses, all of which focuses on different tactics.All in all, the game is very fun. I strongly recommend it to any fan of older RTS-games."
76561197975683325,Recommended,318020,17853972,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Raoulle,Back to the good old days of C&C generals with a small mix of supreme commander in there (zoom right out to see the whole battlefield in a simplified view)
,Recommended,318020,17872799,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dizzy,One of the best RTS games I've played.
76561198021445595,Not Recommended,318020,34819857,Posted: 8 September,all,dogfacedboy,"Not a great experience off the bat. Had to restart just to get the CD Key for some totally unwarrented login process. Made me think of UPlay fondly which is impressive. Possibly the worst soundtrack I have ever encountered. Truly. I barely pay attention to game music because it's mostly awesome and fits the environment. This is disjointed beyond reason. Voice acting only matched by Anomaly, a great game that was almost ruined by tacky casting. I know my play time is short on this game, but it was brutal to get past this point. Tactically, nothing happened. Strategically I had no options. It might get better, but I have dozens of other games that grasp me instantly. This will sit in the ""Well, I've got nothing else happening"" bucket."
76561197992547149,Recommended,318020,17874138,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kiia,"10/10This game really makes you wonder, where has the RTS scene been the last years.Must have, if you liked Generals.Your salvation, if you hate EA for canceling Generals 2.Some improvements can be done of course, but Eugene provides nice support. I hope for DLCs, maybe even an Addon some day like Zero Hour. There is so much potential. Thank you Eugene Systems!!! The RTS is finally back!"
76561198021439545,Recommended,318020,17909962,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ferox 7.62,"While the skirmish mode is great, the single campaign is a huge disappointment (I haven't tried the MP yet).Play AoA if you like comp-stomp skirmish matches (which I do) with a modern/future military take, traditional base building and resource collecting, three diversified factions and lots of interesting units. The combat and presentation feels great and polished with good graphics and effect. The sound effects and music could need some improvements though, but maybe this is just me.Unfortunately the single player campaign is basically forgettable. This is due imho to the terrible voice acting and boring presentation."
,Not Recommended,318020,34872535,Posted: 10 September,all,Armani,"This game runs likes it has never been looked at by a Quality Assurance department. It's just a mess. Menus lag and stutter randomly, it's unstable as all hell and crashes at the slightest provocation, and even the installation process is buggered.But who cares right? We're all RTS players here. We only care about gameplay.And the gameplay is ok. The bases take up most of your screen around midgame, farming resources is simple as can be, moving troops is kinda a pain because they handle and move like garbage, but fights have a lot of weight to them.Theres depth (some) where you can capture enemy soliders, and your tanks and vehicles will take damage from running over things like cars, oil tanks, etc. Pathfinding is nice, since vehicles will use roads naturally - and infantry are fast enough to not be vehicle fast but still respectably speedy. Upgrades feel meaningful.Its just not good though.The design may be pretty, the look and feel is ok, but the play is garbage. You'll spend 20 minutes building up a reasonable fighting force, only to have most of it die in a 2 second skirmish. Units die incredibly fast, since every weapon hits hard and most heavily armored tanks can only take 4 hits tops. Aircraft zip in and out of the battlefield, so you can't really rely on them to be a sustained prescence. They also die and kill fast too, so aircraft battles are underwhelming.Movement around the map is terrible as well. The maps all feel just too small, but at the same time getting troops anywhere in something resembling a formation is a pain. And it just runs HORRIBLY. I'm talking missing mouse clicks every 2 seconds. I'm talking frequent unexplainable crashes. Things of that nature.Its just not good. And it runs like absolute rubbish. Seriously, who in their right mind thought this was a finished game?"
,Recommended,318020,17935780,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Digital Angel,this game was alot funner then i was thinking it would be as it felt like i was playing a C&C mixed in with Sup com it was fun xD
76561198092418473,Recommended,318020,17936254,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,designx,The new Update just crashes ! Every time i start the game. Still it was a cool game. Untill the new update.
,Recommended,318020,17934919,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,|HVC| EMP'R'R,"Great game! Hope it will be the return of the RTS genre.Hoping for an WWII or Vietnam ""DLC"" or sequal."
76561197992420193,Recommended,318020,17934156,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Holylin,"Act of Aggression is game that carries over some of the spirit of the C&C general series.I loved the whole C&C Ralert and general series so I can only aproove of this game.It fills avoid in my RTS genre that is not quite satisfied by games like SC II.The game features, multiplayer, single player Online and Skirmishes against cpu and a Single player campaign.The graphics are in my opinion good for a strategy game they are not tripple A over the top but look way better (and more realistic) than an aging comical style SC II.I really enjoy skrimishes and multiplayer games but I think that the campaign is quite lacking compared to the C&C series.C&C always featured intros and stories that just were amazing with actors you would recognice or models and a good voicing and nice scripting, but thats something I am missing here.Videos are stale and a bit animated but the worst part is really the voices and the story I have experienced thus far.But overall if you like RTS especially the C&C series this game is a must have because I don't think anything like it will be around any time soon."
,Recommended,318020,19077358,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,FriS hellcase.com,Love nukes? Love RTS games? LOVE EXPLOSIONS! LOVE WAR? then this game is for you!
76561197966855149,Not Recommended,318020,24040863,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Azta,"I have given this game a 2nd, 3rd, 4th and god i want it to be good. but sorry guys this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥game. i pre-ordered it know act of war was such a refined, enjoyable game. I honestly dont know how they can♥♥♥♥♥it up so badly, totally and ...i got nothing more to say...."
,Recommended,318020,21939581,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Super Alexa,Solid fast paced RTS with significant faction disctintions and unit varietyI can recommend if you likeC&C1Supreme CommanderWorld in Conflictbored of StarCraft and need something morereal worldCannot recommend if you likeCoHDoW:RestributionMoW
76561197993249123,Recommended,318020,22509383,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Redeemer,"This game is brilliant, A true successor to act of war and a must play for any fan of the RTS genre!"
76561197970665623,Not Recommended,318020,29574110,Posted: 29 January,all,Rovaeden,"Just gave the game another shot. Downloaded and played the Reboot Edition. Still terrible. Buggy. Sloppy.UI shortcuts don't work. Placeholder names still present in UI. Unit AI still terrible. Soldiers try to walk through your tanks, your vehicles and each other rather than being well written enought to path around your own stuff.Gameplay is still based on zerging rather than tactical use of forces. First to superweapon or unit zerg swarm still wins.Game is trash. Do not recommend."
,Recommended,318020,18083858,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,|R|E|D|,Good game
76561198042753875,Recommended,318020,17888397,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shaun440Mopar,A decent attempt to revive the golden days of RTS
76561197974436784,Recommended,318020,18018514,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GinxHD,Really good game with friends.You can laugh for hours.Fight for hours.Lose every ♥♥♥♥ing game.Best game ever 11/10
76561198069994085,Recommended,318020,17850677,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,aforbes55,"Hopefully heralding the dawn of a new RTS golden age, Act of agression brings us the best of classic rts features, with new and exciting twists.Engage in complex resource management, experience the impressive variety among units and factions, and fill the screen with missles (seriously, there is a ridiculouly awesome amount of missles).Now that the game is publically released, I'm going to have to put a hold on the reminaing part of my social life that wasn't consumed by the beta.Oh, and by the way, try the artillery.. You'll love it."
76561197977103369,Recommended,318020,18347682,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,sykoste,"A perfect blend of Command and Conquer (I'd say Tiberium Wars rather than Generals - there's more similarity between GDI and NOD units than C&C Gen) and I don't know why but the other game that I keep thinking of is EA's Desert Strike - must be the graphic style!. Anyway - thats never a bad thing. HAs all the best bits of Eugen's Act of War too - which aside from the win7 memory bug was a game worth playing.Extremely well balanced with the best bits from 'War Game' family (same engine I believe) with the base building fun of Act of War and similar RTS's. Each race has distinct skills and weaknesses that add to an interesting gameplay mechanic. Even the smaller units have their benefits in some circumstances. Nice to see a game where orbital weapons can be deflected for a change, instead of being game enders.Even the single player campaigns have a good level of learning and that addictive 'I can do that better and more efficiently if I just...' replay value. I seriously spent 10 hours eeking around the last level with only one resource trying to claw back some dignity from an early aggressive AI onslaught - not many games keep me enthraled that long these days. And I did win in the end with some cheap units in the right places. It's not always a race to the big guns!Pros:Clean GraphicsRock Steady (no real bugs found other than those that have been fixed)Cheesy - but knows it is and cheeses in bucket loadsNice engine with drone cam style overhead view when zoomed outNo real lag  - even in huge complex battles on my laptopDecent music and effectsGood learning curve that progresses to challengingDecent Single Player Campaigns (that are hard to complete to 100% objectives)Cons (nit-picking really)Some realism with building weapon paths would help - some line of fire is a bit suspect.You often drive over obstacles that simply disintegrate - would be nice for walls to fall over in the direction they should, or shipping containers to get crushed by tanks rather than just collapse.I really want my troops to swing from the troop carriers on to buildings, but they just appear on the floor.Graphics/ Art 8/10In general its the 'missing' animations that make this game not 10 out of 10 for graphics and don't give it that polished C&C feel, but then again the terrain is more realistic and some of the maps are HUGE with literally hundreds of buildings - all of which you can enter so that adds an extra dynamic. Think largest map in C&C then multiply it by 16. Its this that keeps it at 9/10, but then minus 1 for the cutscenes as you can never beat C&C cheese acting or war babes.Sound / FX 8/10Cheesy as they come, and a few stolen film quotations for good measure - repetitive but name me an RTS that isn't. Music is good enough to hum to as you get used to it...Playability / Lastability 8/10I keep coming back to beat the clock or kill more units on a level and nothing has had my attention this much since Sins of a Solar Empire. Just 3 more attempts.Value for money 10/10Any game I play for more than 50 hours is good value for £30. I will still be playing this for a while yet...Overall 8/10A good old skool RTS with some nice new elements thrown in. Looks like a next gen RTS with bigger maps, large unit counts and good diversity, without losing the old skool feel like Planetary Annihilation did.  If it was a bit more polished and had better cut scenes with acting it would get 10/10, but that really does not distract from the RTS gameplay either too much so it doesn't seem fair to drop it for this but I have too. All in all this is one of the best RTS's out there right now and I am almost ashamed that for whatever reasons I only stumbled on it by accident. Come on Steam - push this a bit more!!!"
76561198165934367,Recommended,318020,32275615,Posted: 8 June,all,teefee069,"this is a very very fun RTS game, i wish there are more faction or DLC available."
,Recommended,318020,22034624,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Wolf_Von_Tyr,"I must admit, I didn't much care for the original game. It had everything there that should've sucked me in, but it somehow didn't. The graphics are great, the factions are wonderful, the units were varied and useful, but there was something missing.Now however, with the reboot edition with only one resource instead of three, its a much smoother game. The three resources kind of, muddied the waters a bit. It was an added challenge. Having grown up on Command and Conquer, Red Alert and the like, it made the transition somewhat difficult.Three resources were good in Age Of Empires. Where you didn't have to overly worry about supply lines. Again, a bit more of a challenge.  I think the triple resources could've come later to add another dimention to the gameplay for gamers who may have felt a bit more of a challenge was needed.All in all, yes. YES!!!GO GO GO!!!"
,Recommended,318020,22342120,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tactical Tile Placement,Only play the reboot
76561198040721528,Recommended,318020,21975571,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,stoney,"I really like the Reboot edition. I just played 13 hours, could not stop myself. I do wish I could save during a Skirmish, and Load it. Sometimes you just need to stop and start again later when you have more time. We do need to do things, other then gaming."
76561198008625425,Recommended,318020,22275628,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,erick_peterson,"I bought this game awhile back because of my love for the Wargame series. I liked it from the get-go, but gameplay was also complicated and frustrating at the beginning. The AI is pretty decent here - it will hit you at different points and is really strong economically and pushes out units. After playing between 1-2 dozen games in skirmish (same map), this is my first or second game to defeat the normal AI. Winning will require some careful thought in my experience.The Reboot version makes all the difference. Before, this was a solid RTS but frustrating to play in terms of mechanics. The new streamlined mechanics help you to concentrate on strategy and combat, but base building is by no means neglected. In fact, all levels - unit production, strategy/tactics, base building, research, unit upgrades - work together very well. Some things could be ironed out. but it feels more like minor details now. Changes to unit roster are also very welcome - at least from what I've seen so far.This title still won't be everyone's thing. But in addition to the things mentioned above, a lot more is in the right place - pace and flow, graphics, performance. It's a superb way to kill 45 minutes and a lot more exciting than a good deal of the major competition."
76561198028539283,Not Recommended,318020,34846016,Posted: 9 September,all,www.tobiassippl.jimdo.com,The Sucessor of Act of War Direct Action .... same Menues and same Units.Sad that you cant see really the Graphics Improvement because the Units are too small.Also this Gamewas written for Windows 98 and therefore Crashes every second Time !!!!So best Real Time Strategy Game still is RUSE !!!!
76561197990276441,Recommended,318020,22361625,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ZeroOne,"Just another B rated RTS.  It has some great concepts and soem things like the artillery implementation were very fun to use.  But once again it just misses the bar for a memorable RTS.  I can reommend it, but don't pay full retail...wait for a sale."
76561198027124975,Recommended,318020,17861850,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,P2A14142135623,+1 Eugen Systems
76561198047656500,Recommended,318020,17863804,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mirar.cmd,
,Recommended,318020,17851395,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,iWaNN,Very good old school RTS! Many thanks to Eugen Systems from true fan of Act if War!
76561198025429064,Recommended,318020,17859509,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sneeky,Very good rts once you get the hang of it. Similar to C&C but enough differemces to make it its own game. If you liked C&C theres a very good chance you will like this too.My one and only complaint is i wish the screen could zoom out more before it snaps to satellite view. I would like to see more of the action in full colour but i find i spend most of my time in satellite view because the field of view is very short otherwise.10/10 will continue to play in satellite view
76561197989181391,Recommended,318020,17866949,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Boris Yeltsin,"Great game.  If you're looking for a wargame sequel or a successor to RUSE you probably want to look somewhere else.  This game feels a lot more like Star Craft or C&C, and harkins back to the age of classic RTS.  If you loved those I'm pretty sure you'll love this too."
76561198101483665,Recommended,318020,17909981,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Daedalus,A must have for any c&c fangreat dynamics great gameplayits even fun if someone on your team quits
76561198010102307,Recommended,318020,17911881,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,123,"If you like CnC Generals, or any CnC game, you'll love this."
,Recommended,318020,17859359,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dirt113,"First of all, thank you for making an indirect sequel for AoW. I really enjoyed it. AoA is pretty much the same with AoW in a grand scheme, yet very different game mechanic wise. Honestly, AoW game mechanics were better so I hope the'll improve in AoAGreat game overall"
76561198002694080,Recommended,318020,17869536,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Redking,"Wonderful game. Don't believe a single word people who want what this is game is not. Its not Wargame, Its not Starcraft, It's spectacular."
76561198025360518,Recommended,318020,17858189,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Warp,"Well, first of all, im a RTS junkie, i love everything that have to do with modern warfare and close future, so Act of Agression was a must have, also ive enjoyed all games from Eugen so far.To be fair, this game is like a modern version of Act of War, by Eugen too in mid 2005, and thats a good thing, that game was a gem, but i must say, Act of War was more polished and had more Triple A like characteristics, like Live action cutscenes, but enough, lets talk about AoAI havent finished the campaing yet, but i bought it since the close multiplayer and singleplayer skirmish beta, i helped the devs with some minors bugs in the interface, i must say, the final product is really good.The AI. for starters, is hard, not cheap in anyway, there is no really handicap, but aggresive tactics, have really good micro, and of course, is better than you but you can defeat it.The Graphics. well, it may not be the best graphics of the year, but it really fits the game, the explosions are colorful, and everything moves really smooth in the engine.The Sound. Good thing too, only exception may be the music, is generic modern stuff, is not the worst, but i really dont like it much, is a constant loop over the game, i preferred Act of War music, it was situational, but is not a big factor.The Factions and Units. well there are 3 factions, all play different in many ways, the most difficult is the cartel. Also the units in the game, there are lots of alltime classics, like the Abrams tanks and LAVs, and of course the humvee, but for me kinda sucks that there is not a really russian oriented faction like in AoW, the cartel have the hind and T-50, but thats it, no T-80s or T-90s, migs or lot of that cool russian stuff, but is based on 2025 warfare, so, is okThe Story. well i havent finished it yet, but is a generic the world is at war but not really story. it fits this game, yes, but could be better, more elaborated, but so far, the mission variety is good, so no really complains there.Finally, Does it worth buying? If you love rts like me, YesIf you dont, problably not, is a difficult game, with a large learning curve, a rts player knows that, but if you are a total noob, you might not like it for 40 bucks.But if you want this game to be your first RTS, go ahead, is a great game, is not the biggest community, but is constant. we are always there, playing and pwning."
,Not Recommended,318020,28852889,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,IHaveNoMercy,"Turned out to be a fun RTS, and its all there from start too finish, but nothing really makes this game SHINE? The Factions arent even close to finish, the end game lacks....BEST PARTDevelopers have Abandoned such a wonderful template, WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING...."
76561197972039165,Recommended,318020,18949875,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Penny Lee,Considering I am still using an old AMD HD6950 video card I am amazed at the level of detail in this game and the speed it runs.  I just let it auto configure the graphics at the start.  Will say the settings are not maxed but then it  does not need to be to get the detail and speed needed to play.  This is a great release with so much to learn as the upgrades and such are just wicked.  Its like C&C on steriods but with high res and better looking.  I bagged this title at 33% discount which I would say is its real worth then the value for money rockets up.  Well worth my time/money and would have it in my top 50 games in my collection.
76561198005426538,Recommended,318020,20159941,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gregoryrittenhouse,Great classic RTS gamplay!
76561197979657722,Recommended,318020,20189257,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hakim,Game is very good to play and if you loved Command and Conquer this could be a substitute.Only annoying thing is that you need three different resources to build soome units.
,Recommended,318020,20464179,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MÀ?ntze,A truly worthy successor to the CnC serious! A nicely done child of an old and beloved genre.
,Recommended,318020,17853711,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sheryl Nome ~Kira!,This game brings back memoires of playing C&C yuri's revenge when i was a little kid.
76561198040946765,Recommended,318020,17953486,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,J-Sizzle,Act of aggression is the spiritual successor to command and conquer generals so it had very high expectations to live up to. It delivers everything form Generals plus a lot more. I’ve been excited for this game for a long time and after playing it I still am. It’s not done yet and there are a few changes that need to be made but most of the game is there and I look forward to its final release. The only problem I have with it so far is that it is complex and has no tutorial. This aside though It has to be one or the best RTS games out there at the moment.The games only negative is its terrible campaign
76561198009316026,Recommended,318020,18018390,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Justin,"Overall, a decent successor to Command & Conquer Generals, but there are several things that let it down.Procedural resource generation is pretty cool, but you can always count on some resources being near your start location. Beyond that they seem to spawn in chunks at certain locations, so even if you don't know what resource is where, you can always have an idea where to look.Units are pretty responsive and are fairly straightforward, for the most part.The soundtrack is pretty cool. From the sounds of things, they've tried to channel some of Frank Klepacki's rock music from the C&C series. Your mileage may vary whether they've succeeded.The biggest issue for new players is the total lack of tutorial. The game does not teach you how to play, which units are best against which, or how to use them. Starting an AI Skirmish match against a Very Easy AI can be surprisingly challenging. It took me several tries to discover that buildings are built from the Headquarters itself, not a worker unit (the HQ spawns a worker unit when the building is ""completed"" - which then runs to the building spot).This may sound minor, but it's actually a rather big deal. The unit quotations and voice acting are very stilted and weak. All the recon units pretty much share the same quotes, just recited by different actresses/actor. This contrasts very sharply with the colourful, sometimes humourous quotes of Company of Heroes. Or take a look at StarCraft - there's a reason that ""You must construct additional pylons"", ""You require more vespene gas"", and ""SCV good to go, sir!"" are all remembered to this day.So overall, pretty good. A few minor things let it down, but a pretty good thing nonetheless.But what does it say about a game when the most I can say is ""It's pretty good"" when it demands $50 CAD...?"
76561198003081535,Recommended,318020,17853371,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,PonTwk,This is the best RTS game in part 5 year for me :)If you love C&C you will love this game.
76561198028347760,Recommended,318020,17887688,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Recce,"Cool game, plays like Command and Conquer Generals. The teching up is a bit complex, like any RTS you have to practice build orders to get better. I feel like it does a good job of preventing spamming and cheese. It would be nice to be able to select multiple buildings of the same type at the same time. The satellite view is an interesting addition."
76561198038973668,Recommended,318020,17915389,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Hatless Ranger,"While very hard to understand at first, it is a treat once you understand what to do."
,Recommended,318020,17937240,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Prophet of Wrath,"I'd rather listen to a psychotic cat have a habanero pepper shoved up its♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly for hours on end than endure the voice acting in this game.Is it worth $45 bucks? No, not in its present state.Is it a good game? Hell yes, and you should buy it.Pros:- Good graphics- Gameplay is awesome, some analogies to Command and Conquer: Generals I've seen are dead on- Interesting storyMy major gripe with this game is that it feels unpolished, which is why I don't feel it's worth $45 bucks (maybe ~$25 if that). You're not given a whole lot of direction or information about how to use your troops, their abilities if any, and so on at the beginning of the game - you're a little bit left to figure it out on your own. It's not hard, but other RTS games have definitely done this much better.And the voice acting, WOW. terribad. It's a great touch that the publisher added characters and acting to make the story come together, but damn, I wish they'd have called me for one of the roles, I gauran-damn-tee you I'd put the voice actors I've heard so far (the Chimera ones) to shame without so much as trying.All that said? This game rocks and you should buy it."
76561198027697889,Recommended,318020,17939634,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,KS1,good
76561198120685418,Recommended,318020,17958213,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,drayj7,Awesome game. I don't write reviews.. but I like this one and think more people should play... BUY IT AND PLAY ME.. give me ranksss
76561198123047996,Recommended,318020,17962471,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Blinks,"If you're looking for a new RTS game that reminds you of GENERALS then buy AoA. It's really fun and looks great. This game has great potential and I'm pretty sure it's going to keep on progressing! 3 really good factions to choose from, one of which I'm sure will be to your playstyle.Overall: I'd give this game an 8.5/10 I am pushing towards a 9/10Reasons why an 8.5NO Naval UnitsNEEDS more MAPSNO Cheesey SOLO Campaign"
76561197981023172,Recommended,318020,18348273,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jon The Red,"I enjoy this game, it is a solid RTS.The three seperate factions have a lot of different units, which can be overwhelming at first but also allows for a lot of variety in how you play and respond to situations from other factions.Resources are very much key in this game and a lot will ride on them.This game is not friendly to begginners but it has a lot that goes into it. I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,318020,18423575,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Waz,GREAT GAME IF UR INTO CNC ETC
76561197973210448,Recommended,318020,20044521,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gray_matter,"If you've been looking for a modern day successor to Command & Conquer (C&C) series, do yourself a favor and buy this game.  But beware, the gameplay is actually a lot tougher than C&C, but after playing for about 40 hours I've completely gotten used to it."
,Recommended,318020,22319950,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ZERØ,Start multiplayer with a fellow nigerian brother with high hopes.Dr. Deagalia Carlo thought quite highly of is tactical evasive skills.Spent 20 minutes building our bases without being attacked.Dr. Deagalia thinks this is too good to be true.Swarm of invisible helicopters destroy his base in around 30 seconds upon their arrival.Hear his whaling cries as I laugh into the fifth dimension. :'D11/10 IGN.Dank for Memes.
,Recommended,318020,22309068,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Forbesy,Awesome game i don't understand the mixed reaction.
,Recommended,318020,21297247,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Marshal Bismarck of 3rd Army,"BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!!!! Strike them everythings What we got.............Best RTS Good Effect ,Extreme Efficiency Unit when Upgrade Ability,Can stack AMMO of Super weapon then launch more warhead per times!!! WOW WOW WOW!!!! What more  can intercept Super weapon with Unit or Special Turret......anything left u should prove it yourself with this game...This Game for me.....is SO Much Fun!!!!"
,Recommended,318020,21641145,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Apol_The_Dog,This is the game that has the essence of Command and Conquer
,Recommended,318020,21381335,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AfTerMaths,This is an amazing RTS game.If you find a game about mazing construction i recommend this game.If you want to play a Hi-tech RTS game with pro and con about units i recommend this game.More things i want to say but I'm very lazy to write review but This is a good game you might play if you are a RTS gamer Like me!!!!
76561198015600114,Recommended,318020,22489293,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Nordskov,"Pro:-Reboot version is very similar to old RTS games, with the improved AI and difficulty of that AoA brings to the table.-Both old version and reboot are available to players, for those that want a different play style.-Wide variety of play styles in each faction.-A balanced yet complex build process.Con:-Needs more maps and some more variety in them. dont get me wrong the use of terrain and road systems in the current maps is great, but could have been able to provide more. Which is why I would love to see a map editor, probably never will though.-AI usually uses a brute force tactic to just try to overcome defenses.Overall the only RTS I have wanted to keep playing that has come out recently."
76561198177149421,Recommended,318020,22425611,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Haachuu,"I am having a ton of fun in the reboot edition. The game is so much easier for the casual fan to get into while still providing some  depth for the hardcore gamer. I reccomend playing Skirmish to learn what faction you enjoy playing then watching youtube for build and game strategies, if not you will get owned in multiplayer."
76561198156684302,Recommended,318020,22167054,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,barraba,"I'm a great fan of AoW series, was happy like a kid with a candy when I saw AoA was created... and then game got released and I was somewhat disappointed. Gameplay is not that fluid as AoW series, story/naration/acting is way worse than AoW, on the other hand I like new resource gathering dynamics adds just enough complexity. Please make AoW2 :-)"
76561198153125617,Recommended,318020,22420217,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ryankutecht,Great job on the reboot.
,Recommended,318020,17886347,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BigDaddy,Feels like a modernized CnC Generals.
76561198128103220,Recommended,318020,18018176,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,King Husky,"Defenitely a good game! Strong link and sentiments in regards to Command and Conquer Generals, though with a unique twist of countering superweapons and resource management. Would recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed playing the RTS games of the golden era, though 45 might be a bit much"
,Recommended,318020,17852273,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ali,best rts game ever.
76561197962313902,Recommended,318020,17856827,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[Lc]Mathias58,Have really been enjoying it. Almost no lag.
76561197989933799,Recommended,318020,17857080,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Majortranka,Good needs some polish but really good.
76561198069373944,Recommended,318020,17857935,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,XxVenomxX,i keep getting killed
76561198030394022,Recommended,318020,17893212,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,cnc4,"Nothing to add. you just need to play this game more than 10 hrs to understand it, then, if you don't like it, it means that it is not your type of game probability :P."
,Recommended,318020,17898634,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mackmyra,good
76561198008954980,Recommended,318020,17855866,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Skwangtang,"""Dispensing 120mm Democracy Samples."" 10/10Great game, reminds me a lot of C&C Generals and Act of War. A must have strategy game."
76561197970942330,Recommended,318020,17884499,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LETS GO CHAMP,"Great game. C&C Generals was amazing for its time, and this game exceedes Generals in complexity, unit types, and upgrades. A worthy successor to both Generals and Act of War."
,Recommended,318020,17851597,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,John,"""Delivering 120mm of democracy"" - Abrams tankThe best unit quotes in a game since the last Westwood game."
76561198007107520,Recommended,318020,17851908,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Freelancer,Good old school RTS
76561198097881762,Recommended,318020,17852511,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sh8mz,"Old school classic RTS. Similar to Act of War and Generals. With better graphics, more units, and better multiplayer."
76561198127744132,Not Recommended,318020,34888043,Posted: 11 September,all,FeniksX,Not what i was expecting. i was expecting an zero hours with a resolution update or less but i got the resolution but not the game i wanted
76561198070778045,Recommended,318020,34873280,Posted: 10 September,all,banana,love this game
76561198006625545,Recommended,318020,28209231,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,STE,its a good game the devs are very very into keepping the game alive and well patched.+its a classic RTS+nice graphics+nice Story+actual nice made single player camppaign which is a rarety+C&C feel+oh and some real funky units to strategize :)-not enough people bought it !!!give this game a chance and be suprised how good it is !
76561198030029336,Recommended,318020,17918146,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,forealdo,I honestly don't understand why this game got so many negative reviews. It plays great and it runs well even on my old machine.
76561198024501437,Recommended,318020,19988276,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Boss Baby,"The Spirtual Sequel to Red Alert 3.Great Overall GameHowever there are some small bugs that really could be improved upon. For example if a group of invantry are running through a parking lot they would just run through the cars and when this happened to me one of my troops was shot and wounded and was laying inside the car, this just made me alittle mad but I know this game is still in early access. Another bug that needs to be fixed is also an invantry bug where they will just run through fences or hedges. These are just some of the little bugs i found playing the game, but as I said before it is still in early access which means these bugs could be fixed. Its the little things like that make a good game, a great game."
,Recommended,318020,20000647,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sikwittid,"I've been interested in this game for a while now, and bought it on a steam sale. I'm a big fan of RTS games. More specifically the Command and Conquer franchise, both the Westwood and EA variety. I have wanted to try some of Eugen Systems “Wargame” franchise, but have been very cautious. As I've played a similar game called World in Conflict. Although the strategy element is there, the game looks gorgeous, and there are very strong and refreshing elements to the strategy of games like these. I prefer base building RTS games. Which leads me to my review.After a few hours of playing I’ve notice the core game play, as well as the varied strategy the game offers. Which I must say is very deep and involved. This game lives up to the standards of old RTS games, and is no push over. Although I didn't like the game at first, as I was more used to the fast paced game play of the recent RTS titles. I took a step back and began to look at it with a keen eye. This game nods its hat to the old “slower” style of RTS games of the past. There are some serious macro, micro, and meticulous resource management within this game. Somehow it keeps up the pace very well and you will find yourself spending hours in skirmish trying to find the best flow for your build to take into multilayer.Each of the three factions play very differently. You have the US with their shear brute force, the Chimera faction with its fast paced hit and run tactics, and the Cartel with their high tech and stealth technology. You know, basic RTS factions here. I quickly favored the US, as spreading across the map gobbling up resources, and zerging M1 Abrams will almost guarantee a victory on the ground. I have yet to do anything worthwhile with the Chimera, but I know they have some serious potential. They’re just “not my cup of tea”.  The Cartel have been very interesting, and their tanks can most certainly hold their own against the Abrams. I have grown to like each faction. Beyond ground warfare you also have Air to Air, and Air to Ground via, planes, bombers, helicopters, and even super weapons, as well as counter super weapons. There is an answer to everything. A real rock, paper, scissors RTS game. It feels very fresh and rewarding either way you play. As variety is the spice of life as so is it in an RTS game, and there is so much variety to be had.With that said I can't really place this game on one side of the spectrum. I'd have to place it in its own category. An Old/New type of category. It's not Starcraft, or Command and Conquer, but so far it's been very well made.My favorite game play mechanic, as you may have picked up from my review, is the “tank control”. I absolutely love an RTS game with great tank control. It's something you have to try for yourself.My biggest gripe so far has to be the strange lag the game has when you order your units, it does take away from the experience a little. Again something you'd have to try to see for yourself. If you select a unit and order it to move, attack, enter a building. There is a millisecond or two of lag. Either its intentional or unintentional I do not know."
76561198026846672,Not Recommended,318020,17854243,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Spark the RPG magnet,"Okay, the first time I was extremely hopeful for this game and I really enjoyed the hours and hours I put into this game. So I'll give it a fair review, and considering the price, this game isn't worth it.The game's soundtrack is absolutely terrible, forgettable, and the ambience and sound design is nearly non-existent. I could swear, when I was listening to the game's music, I thought I could hear crickets in the background.Singleplayer draws your interest in with the idea of a US invasion of Mexico, which could happen. That idea is great, but when the game starts, you're supposed to catch and arrest someone? For something? Then the story becomes an overglorified tutorial for multiplayer--Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad idea, but the way it's presented is bad in general. You go from continent to continent at random, with no sense of progression. Can't we have an SP like CnC Tiberium wars, where they actually gave you a map before clicking on a mission? When we were attacked by Cartel at Chimera's Headquarters, I had absolutely no idea we were at their main Headquarters, at the end of the mission you just got ""Chimera doesn't exist anymore!"" for some reason. Starcraft and Starcraft Brood War singleplayers felt progressive. When you booted up the game and played the first mission, you were greeted with a character/hero unit with their own problems and goals. You knew where the story was taking place in a certain location, why, and how they got there. Act of Aggression's story is more like, ""Oh we're here because the bad guys are here, and we apparently know that somehow."" CnC Tiberium wars, has the decency of at least showing us a map, and having a character explaining what is going on in that mission and why it's important. Sure, CnC was always cheesy, but at least it had direction. Act of Aggression's Campaign takes itself seriously, then shoots itself in the foot.So, then the game draws you into it's multiplayer. Which is great, the unit concepts are sound, the base-building isn't too bad, and there is plenty of variety. But there are tons of game mechanics that make a player feel like it's a cluttered mess. It isn't the upgrades or the hard counters, although people believe this. After playing for 100 hours, I think I know why players are having so many problems with AoA.Act of Aggression presents you wonderfully designed maps, but the biggest downfall is that these maps are absolutely huge. Think starcraft2, except think of playing on a normal skirmish map being 10x it's normal size. The maps basically require huge zoomouts because of these gigantic maps. The resources are too widespread, and the units too small. Then the resource mechanic. Players, especially the new ones, will complain that there are too many types of resources. Yet, I don't think that's what makes resources a problem. The problem lies in resources being too widespread, refineries being incredibly expensive, and the fact that new players will always feel completely lost when starting a game. Resources will always either be at 0 or stockpile way too high, and the way Resources are spent don't help the multi-resource mechanic either. In games like CnC, you had 1 resource, and it was spent overtime when you built units/structures. But in AoA you have multiple resources all of which are being drained simultaneously, overtime, and there is no figuring out how to manage your resources effectively. In CnC Tiberium Wars, at least there was 1 resource to keep track of, and you had the freedom to mine Tiberium long distance. The game itself doesn't tell you how much resources you're gathering at a certain rate, so economically you don't know if you were doing any good. Then there's a lack of a game timer, so new players will always feel lost, they can't judge when attacks will come or what an enemy can/will have at certain times. They can't predict enemy movements, or make guesses, we're all in the dark. It gets worse.In a base-building game, you want consistent, reliable, and responsive units. Base-building games require this, because every unit is extremely crucial. Act of Aggression forces you to predict a scenario before clicking, there's some sort of command delay that forces you to play like you're ping is always at 1000ms. Most of the time units are just lost due to the fact that controlling armies is tough and incredibly hard. This doesn't help in the cases of units like Helicopters, and especially recon units. You can't micro for your life to save those units unless you predict what will be in said area and click before that specific scenario happens to you. Units aren't responsive or smooth, they feel slippery and inconsistent, and most importantly it feels like units get themselves killed most of the time.Then there is base-building itself, which is terribly done. It restricts you so much, and a game mechanic makes repairing buildings unreliable. I can't just repair a burning building or repair turrets as reliably in other games. The build radius for building around your HQ is pitifully small. In 1v1 games, I could barely extend the build radius with LEMs, you just require FOBs/Outposts, etc.Act of Aggression is a good game, but where it falls flat isn't the unit balance, upgrades, and not even it's multiple-resources. It falls flat as a 'great RTS' because it's singleplayer is nonsensical and dull. The units aren't responsive, hard to control, the base-building is too restricting, and the game lacks a proper zoom. It's maps are too huge, with it's resources spread out too thin across an already huge map, and even though it has a great multiplayer... It's lack of a game timer, it's resource mechanics, repair/building mechanics all make you feel lost and overwhelmed by it's choices. The game itself is already hard to control, but when an RTS lacks the basics of a base-building RTS game, players are going to get completely lost. For it's price, it's lack of singleplayer, it's hard controls, makes it not worth it's price."
,Recommended,318020,31591487,Posted: 6 May,all,lux,Reminds me of Commander conquer
76561198119513995,Recommended,318020,34283066,Posted: 16 August,all,Swagnar :P XD XD,Love it. Dont understand the hate at all.
,Recommended,318020,27781890,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OneNemesis25,need more improvement. but still like kind of strategy games. Red Alert still in memory.
,Recommended,318020,17850063,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Set_Flo,"Past review: Initially the game simply did not launch, as in even the start menu.Now: Wha....what is that light shining through the curtains? What day is it? Oh god, if anyone can read this...HELP ME!11!"
76561198074860977,Recommended,318020,29524191,Posted: 27 January,all,Ghostninja,"Been having a lot of fun with this game since the re-boot edition came out. Been looking for a replacement for Generals Zero Hour after we played it to death for 10 years !!, If you liked generals, Act of Agression ticks the boxes. It plays pretty much like generals but with up to date graphics.The maps are big and detailed, the AI is pretty good and you can play co-op scirmish against the computer over the internet, Great fun for LAN parties.I hope more people buy this so the developers can justify bringing out more maps, DLC, and map editor, etc"
76561198020660791,Recommended,318020,17918821,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Prince Pablo,"This game is getting a lot of bad reviews because of lack of a solid single player campaign, faction balance issues, for being too basic, and for people being frustrated because their systems can't run it. Heres my take on those. 1. Who plays an RTS game for the campaign? RTS games are meant to be played for skirmish mode against other people. Play an RPG if you like campaigns. 2. They'll fine tune the faction balance issues just like every other game has. 3. For being too basic, really? Aren't you tired of all the gimmicky features most of these newer games are pushing?  4. Read the RECOMMENDED system requirements before you purchase a game. Don't give bad reviews to a game because your rig sucks.  I have played Age of Empires, C&C series, Supreme Commander, Rise of Nations, etc. With that being said, Act of Aggression is a great addition to the genre. A good analogy for this game would be Command & Conquer in the Wargame series' game engine. What makes this game different from Command & Conquer though? Map sizes are much larger, meaning that games last longer and require more long term planning to take strategic focal points on the map. The economics is also different in the fact that if you do not plan gathering,  purchases, and research wisely, you will really shoot yourself in the foot. One thing that was great about Command & Conquere were the unique playstyles for each faction. I feel that Act of Aggression also delivers this. Each faction has their stregnths, weaknesses and optimal playing style. Aside from the core mechanics, the visual effects are the best I have seen since Surpreme Commander 1. Blowing up units and buildings will result in brilliant flashes and explosions. The only real drawback for me was the music. I think the developers were going for the C&C sound, but the result was a bit corny. Atleast they tried. Anyways, this is your BASIC RTS game meant to be played in skirmish mode like a real RTS game should be played. No gimmicks here. Act of War Delivers on a solid RTS experience, not an RPG one. For this, I give the game a 9/10."
76561198067762892,Recommended,318020,17916971,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Clapman7,Got nuked by all of the AI.10/10
76561198070855949,Recommended,318020,17919342,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nemisis,"This game is good and bad... The controls or lack there of is the biggest downfall. Want to attack a base and take over the buildings? Goodluck keeping your troops from leveling the entire base... like WTF, has noone noticed how stupid this is.? no repeat build que, no defend or follow functions... the controls are dogshit for an rts. This game has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Recommended,318020,17953019,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ben The Dingo,Good rts game but feels clumpy and slow
76561198198043831,Recommended,318020,31093158,Posted: 12 April,all,peter4776,good game but no one plays muliplayer.
76561198056995059,Recommended,318020,32307011,Posted: 9 June,all,GodsGrace,Reminds me of command and conquer. Fun game to play in between star trek bridge command and cities skylines.
,Recommended,318020,33662720,Posted: 19 July,all,Earthmelon,Very fun RTS game. Easy to play and great with friends.
76561198005548820,Not Recommended,318020,17889175,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Costin_Razvan,"A relatively mediocre offering with decent gameplay that is let down by bad campaign design, bare bones MP, balance issues and high price point.Buy it with a big discount but don't bother otherwise."
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,318020,17932789,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"Act of aggression would have been a good game years ago.But today it is standerd, subpar, basic, dull, boring.The game is exactly what it says it is.A modern day rts.By today standerds it is missing many of the things we take for granted.Interesting faction's, unit moving as a group(you know units moving as the slowest unit in a group rather then the fastest race to there death)The refinery mecanic is a nice idea.Had this game come out years ago i would have recommended it.But today you got better games to spend your money on."
,Not Recommended,318020,17923903,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ヒロシ Noir,"Even though it is genuinely a good game, don't buy this game unless a huge sale.Why?The game is still in terrible state; missing tutorial, mechanics not explained, missing / wrong units descriptions, mechanics not polished enough (units can take 0.5 sec to execute your command), and most of all, the devs' passive attitude towards this game.I've been actively reading the eugen forums for this game, and I barely see any posts made by devs in suggestion / feedback threads. Heck, the admins even delete posts that challenge the devs.Since most units in this game have multiple weapons, it's very hard to balance. And yet, it takes an eternity between balance patches, and each balance patch creates another meta that people spam. Oh, and the AI is incredibly stupid and unpredictable; sometimes Very Hard is easier than Very Easy.Finally, currently this game is losing people faster than sinking boat. Many players also feel that the game is already dead, even though it's only been a month since its release. If you really want this game, I've warned you that few people still playing MP."
76561198038147917,Not Recommended,318020,17933051,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ishfire,"Was a great game, but has bugs, one of which i unfortunately ran into. The game would crash saing ACCESS VIOLATION, and this would happen everytime i tried to play the campaign. Making it unplayale, what i did play reminded me a lot of Command and Conquer and i loved it. But I can not give this a good review if it has game breaking bugs in it."
76561198039402985,Not Recommended,318020,18938171,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ark-07,"In short its 2015 the game feels kludgy and if your used high end graphics this game will fall very short of that. I was here for the whole ride the beta's and the arguments in the process of changes early on. In short I hoped this game would fill the gap of having a modern RTS with actual modern units and prototypes (no made up stuff) .At first I was filled of this desire but the failed promises of improved graphics and better zoom fell way short of enticing improvements to continue playing. Once in a while I will play a game against A.I then get over it. The multiplayer aspect of this game died very quickly and there very few multiplayer games, those few are filled with veterans, so its not really new player friendly, but then again what multiplayer game based on killing the other guys is noob friendly.In short I hope eugen learn from this and improve things in the future through a expansion or new version of the game."
76561198123520393,Recommended,318020,18025631,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[TFB] acbirkland,Enemy Builds mass humvees---> destroyed by my defense turretsEnemy builds mass strykers---> destroyed by my defensive turretsEnemy throws huge squadron of MBTS----> destroyed by my defensive turretsEnemy unleashes a fury of attack choppers----> destroyed by my defense turretsenemy neglects to build anti missile stations10/10 would turtle and rain nuclear fire again
76561198030101560,Not Recommended,318020,17897964,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,marshmallow0815,"The game has potential, but with the current quality is not far away! Currently it crashes in solo mode in the first campaign every time from when you meet for the first time to the opponents in Nano Suites."
,Not Recommended,318020,31246897,Posted: 19 April,all,TehSEAL,"You know a game is bad, when they have to release a ""Reboot Edition"" within the first year."
76561198039624791,Recommended,318020,22747028,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,killem77,THIS GAME IS GETTING WAY BETTER WITH EVERY PATCH! basically a more complicated version of cnc Generals. really fun game.
,Not Recommended,318020,18345570,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,mrd.jetzal,keeps crashing
76561197960469314,Not Recommended,318020,17957467,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Pumpa,This game is incomplete.  The graphics are just too simple. The game itself ahs not been improved (they should have learnt from Generals). The music is VERY annoying.  This game is not worth the money.
76561198065363627,Not Recommended,318020,17937293,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ammdk,Do not recommend. Look up actual gameplay before you buy.
,Not Recommended,318020,18394813,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Emperado,Probably the greatest dissapointment of my gaming life.
,Recommended,318020,17906065,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Draktok,"I found it to be fun. I find it interesting all the poor reviews are 1-2 hour gametime, enough to maybe finish a skirmish match or two, or maybe 1-3 campaign missions (which are mostly tutorials TBH).Oh well."
76561198020355303,Recommended,318020,22758659,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,EagleShark (R)evolution,"Good game, but feels as though it had been ripped from early access early. The US faction. well done. Cartel feels like it is missing a bit. and then Chimera just feels halfbaked, and utterly incomplete. otherwise it is a lot like C&C and the like."
76561197999802760,Not Recommended,318020,17976185,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kedzie,"I want to like this game, I really do, but there's some things about it that really turn me off.Limited resources (largely a personal opinion, but last I checked Red Alert and Tiberium Wars had infinite resources. That ensured hours of fun gameplay, huge armies of units, and, sometimes, grueling back and forth).Slow unit response (and slow unit movement...). Many other people point this out. The units are sluggish. We're very much used to microing our units (SCII and COH). It's just extremely difficult to keep your crucial unit alive when it dies before it even acknowledges your command. This becomes largely frustating when you go back to the fact that there's limited resources, so a loss is a big loss, and it's all the more upsetting when the reason for their destruction is the slow response... Also, they take forever to go anywhere...Granted, I decided to write this review after only 8 hrs of gameplay, and after defeating for the first time the Easy AI. However, it felt so...unsatisfying. I felt so unfulfilled. I finally defeated the enemy, but I did not feel I accomplished anything. I focused on farming, deploying outposts and refineries and placing turrets for protection. After successfully defending against numerous waves, when I had enough resources I just bought infantry healing APCs, filled them with exoskeleton soldiers, and destroyed the enemy base. The whole time I was frustratingly trying to farm enough resources, and that just made the whole match not fun. With games like SCII and COH, you would deploy your units to skirmish against the enemy, but in AoA every engagement is completely anti-climatic. Since micro-managment is out the window, all you do is issue attack move on the enemy and hope you have more units than them. Unit type production doesn't even matter at higher tiers, cause you can just deploy vehicles/infantry that counter EVERYTHING. Say goodbye to your units, cause my units are efficient against infantry, vehicles, and aircrafts.My opinion may change with more gametime...at least I hope so..."
,Not Recommended,318020,19001637,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,WraithWyvern,"Spiritual successor to Command & Conquer: Generals my♥♥♥♥♥ This game is just Wargame: Red Dragon just with two extra annoying♥♥♥♥♥currencies and just forcing you to build your units from structures with a few more or less useless upgrades from other structures. If you are a C&C fan DO NOT get this game, it lacks any of the intuitive control and ease of play as well as making the base building a chore rather than an important part of your game other than building a lot of refineries and spending any resources you get on units with an occasional upgrade. If you are a Wargame fan it'll be an alright game, but the great reducting in realism from regular Wargame will bother some. Do not try to play turtle, you will run out of resources before you can even build defenses. Defensive structures suck and can't actually defend themselves other than just soak up a bit of damage for an attacking force as well as too difficult to deploy effectively. The only real thing they can defend against is aircraft, but those defenses themselves are too expensive. From an econmic standpoint, the 3 resource gameplay is out of place and difficult to manage or aquire for a supposed fast-paced RTS. Other much slower RTS games, such as Age of Empires can handily use the multiple resource system since it gives you plenty of time to manage and coordinate your efforts, as well as cheats allowing single-player games to be much more enjoyable. In fast-paced RTS all the system does is provide stress as you try to balance trying to get the resources. The fact that two of the three resources are nonrenewable, once you take them from the map and use them on units, upgrades, or buildings, they're gone forever. However, each faction has structures that can renewable replace all 3 resources, but they don't produce them fast enough to meet demand, therefore it is technically and scientifically speaking, nonrenewable. It's this system that bothers me the most from the entire game, it isolates and weakens players in the late game as well as making the game incredibly boring since you can only use a few units. More than half of all the units you can deploy become unattainable as well as the storage buildings you are forced to deploy become useless and just padding for your base. The late game become agonizingly slow as they both sides try to finish off the other players with what units they have left. The lack of feedback to the status of your troops due to the extremely zoomed out engine and lack of noticable unit markers on the mini-map or the main interface. However, one good thing about the game is the variety of upgrades, despite the lack of noticable gain from using them. Unlike Wargame, there is no turn-based strategy campaigns you can play and you just play cheesy missions as either the Chimera or Cartel. I do know that a lot of people do enjoy this game and a lot of them play C&C games, but I think that they can adapt to the new system due to their playstyles (aggresive, punishing), I am not one of them, since I like to play as an expensive turtle that tries to take as much as the map as possible before fortifying the lines. You cannot do that with this game. The A.I. system in both this game and Wargame is completely unpredictible, medium and easy difficulties can actually be more difficult to play against than hard or very hard. I think something in the unit attack A.I. is at fault. The soundtrack leaves something to be desired. You remember that fantastic C&C: Generals soundtrack that was different depending on your faction and that musi related to the faction. The GLA had upbeat Arabian music, the US had hardcore badass rock and roll, and the Chinese had a tradational percussion-woodwind soundtrack. This game has some sleasy rock for awhile then it goes into some generic techno crap that sounded like it repeated itself again in 20 seonds. This review is already too long. I'll go play Generals now, since this game can't fulfill the C&C dream for me. Oh yeah, the unit voice acting sucks too."
76561198015858363,Not Recommended,318020,21200382,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Red Shadow,"I did not like this. Simple things like selected multiple units is annoying. Selecting a single unit is annoying. There is no feel to this game. I only made it to the second solo mission before my frustration got the better of me. Bought it on sale half price, way too much to pay for it."
76561197993765973,Not Recommended,318020,20073626,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BLACKPRINCE,more like Act of Deperssionwhat a let downfeels like EaGame to me
,Not Recommended,318020,18383210,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Challenger,"Bland, frustrating, very steep learning curve, and not very much fun at all.Stick to Command And Conquer Generals."
76561198017310562,Not Recommended,318020,19737290,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Scamid,"I had a lot of fun playing this game. Bud as of today i prenounce this game as dead! There is so little players that you have to wait half an hour before you get a game full. even on prime times!Only get this game if you want single player, Lan or they do something about the little amount of players."
76561197988092084,Recommended,318020,18978605,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,BLAME! 40k,great gameits like C&C!
,Recommended,318020,22925286,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Guilty Spark,I have been playing reboot skirmishes since it came out. Its definetly worth the money. Could use some more maps though.
,Not Recommended,318020,34835035,Posted: 9 September,all,Preston,"i like those reviews who say ""i play for over 10 years rts games dont trust anyone with a different opinion, they are all dumb 12yo's minecraft playing crybabies"".. minecraft is nice btw.i can play the same dumb game too.. look i'm an rts expert, my optinion is right anyone who disagree with me is wrong, cuz experience! i play games since 1989, my first pc rts was around 1997 command and conquer.rts was and still is my main genre.played hours upon hours c&c, age of empires, earth, warzone, wargames(1998), starcraft, warcraft, joint task forc, act of war, supreme commander, warhammer, ground control, war on terror, world in confdlict and many more.. also newer games like syrian warfare is worth to mention and homeworld desert of kharak.but no other rts game pi55ed me so much off like act of agression and i would suggest you buy any of the mentioned rather than this if you looking for some campaign solo fun.on other games i play mostly skirmish after finishing the campaign, even multiple times, but on this one i gave up and dont even want to try any other gamemodes.having so many good rts cant give this one a thumbs up, it is not a bad game that i say stay away at all costs, if you got the nerves go get it, but i just say you wont miss anything if you dont play it and i did not enjoy it like any of the other mentioned which are all great games.by thinking of rts games i did not enjoy, first game that also comes in my mind is wargame, which is by occasion also from the same company.. hmm :/and to the few who say it is as good as c&c generals or starcraft, it is obviously not. c&c and starcraft have very positive ratings, this one not, if it would be that good it would have much better reviews and would have been more popular."
76561197986956438,Not Recommended,318020,31751306,Posted: 14 May,all,main,"I loved European War, Airland Battle and Red dragon.        I have no quarms with buying the same game three times X3but act of aggression is an unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥If you pirated this game on (DAY ONE) you over paid"
76561198027568233,Not Recommended,318020,20143522,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Flodhesten,"If you like a massive challenge, go for it! I have tried many RTS games on hard which has given me a good challenge, but with the opportunity to get ahead. The game is not impossible, but no fun even on Easy. Game Developers has done a good job with opportunities and upgrades, but all in all it was just a frustration. The AI just overrun you, if you have not done all in perfect order."
76561198094684731,Not Recommended,318020,29595625,Posted: 30 January,all,Matt,"I wouldnt be able to say anything not already said.Broken, buggy, abandoned. unplayable."
76561198005920534,Not Recommended,318020,19778981,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ghostly909,"My thoughts on the game is that it's OK but,.I've tried to like it as i used to like C&C and i just don't seem hooked.I've gone back to playing Wargame Red Dragon (A game where i'd gladly buy new campaign DLC).Hope Eugen expand on there  Wargame series."
,Not Recommended,318020,22251371,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,[Mz] Mulic,"This is nothing like Zerohour, People who say it is have never played Zero hour, Unfortunately I pre-ordered this game with the hopes of playing a modern C&C game but it really isn't, Not even the Reboot system., I am sorry I want to like it but it just does not grip me, It is not as enjoyable as an old RTS. and I think their issue comes in complexity, The old games where simple, While they seemed complex, They where truly simple pick up and play games. This game tries to be all too much, You can't be both Wargame and Generals, As is the case here, It doesn't work."
76561197971434596,Recommended,318020,22684343,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,real_generalchaos,"You would think that after the decline of the C&C franchise (in the day anyway) that things weren't going to be that good anymore especially since C&C Generals and zero hour (not to mention the others that came before it). The Act of war series is definitely  a serious contender for the C&C crown here, but as americans would say ""here is where it's at"" and In my opinion the graphics gameplay and content pretty much sum up Act of Aggression  as the next generation of C&C if I can call it that. The reboot edition that you get as a ""patch"" or add on gives the game the ""old school"" feel but the original version which uses 3 resources is in my view by far the best and not only gives the game a ""real world"" approach to resource management but adds that special ""next generation of resource managed warfare"" feel. Without doubt an absolute must for all C&C fans and even if it doesn't fit the bill exactly at first getting hooked is just a matter of time ;)"
76561198103730609,Not Recommended,318020,19079969,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,G4mBi7,"If you're here for a CnC, don't buy this game, wish i could refund :(  Plays nothings like generals or zero hour did.Air combat is frankly boring and lacking substance. There are many confusing units which you get used to over time but there isn't much micro involved, you end up being forced to build everything, including nukes. Not going to get into it, i was a huge Zero Hour fan and still play the game. This isn't up to the quality i expect of a game that tried to remake CnC under a different name. It's the same flop as Grey Goo.One last thing is, there is something to be said about the game looking too real, almost every unit looks the same and most buildings do as well.EDIT: Heavily played 1v1 and 2v2 competatively in ZH back in the day. Ahh, i miss those days!"
76561198120809160,Not Recommended,318020,26085063,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,mechgabba,Simple.Not balanced. Pre-mature. I mean you got a whole bunch of tanks and stuff lined up together and the WHOLE squad just get wipes out when runs into an airstrike. NO NO NO. doesn't make sense. this game got a long way to go. uninstalling it.
76561198055618079,Recommended,318020,17904733,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Broke,"honestly its a fun great game that has everything that a regular rts would have and more. Lets be honest for a second there arent many RTS being made anymore and some that are made now r poop. AOA is awsome it has great graphics for a RTS. balanced gameplay,....YOU KNOW WHAT ♥♥♥♥ IT just buy it. its fun and i like it so poeple like u should like it!<3 your Broke♥♥♥♥♥Winner"
76561198062421464,Recommended,318020,17850763,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,French Dip,Mfw my strategy is to1. Find rare earth2. Build extractor3. Nukes4. More nukes5. A couple more nukes6. End game with nukespretty solid 10/10 nuke simulator
76561197976259471,Recommended,318020,22905945,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,AZSLIMJIM,About the closest thing ive found to C&C Generals (which is the bomb)
76561198099047103,Recommended,318020,22905989,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MuffinMan,"As a fan of old school RTS and the first Act of War, this game was a huge dissapointment. Stopped playing and a few days ago found out by accident that there was a reboot edition released and decided to try again. Glad I did because the game is actually good now and I can highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,318020,20972308,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Caedis+,"Just not a good RTS: Overly complex, boring gameplay, generally dull. DO NOT BUY> Get Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance with the FAF client or Company of Heroes 2 for a GOOD RTS"
76561197966610978,Not Recommended,318020,18135366,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Akogooth,"First of: I don't like it, and I would not recommend it, but its my personal thinking and need not be yours.I bought the game, because i read much about it in advance, and the pictures on storpage look really nice...but ingame i noticed:Graphics:Nice if you zoom in completely good details... bad when you zoom out. Gets blurry (without deepth of field and so on) without reason.I got a high end machine... i want to see something for my moneyGameplay:You can kill a Tank with an normal rifleman... do i have to say anthing else?And an anti infantry tank needs 3-4 shots for a rifle man so you do the math.Its like Chess.. there is always one enemy that 2shots your squad. (exept riflemen)Most guns do areal damage... and vehicles tend to mass on the same spot.. death of 10 helicopters with one AA missile?!You are forced to mix your squad and have pain in the♥♥♥♥♥micro managment...your men can walk through cars and fences?!Sound:The units repeat themselfes alot. even if you dont give them orders. ""jea killed him"" ""he got served"" and so on...and that repeats after 2 seconds or so.if you dont have enough soundfiles... don't play them every kill!Story:Kinda ok.Has a good explaination why you start only with riflemen.. then light vehicles.. and so on..you get overrun alot...As a fan of C&C  i can say... this is not even close to be comparable to even the worst parts of the c&c series."
,Not Recommended,318020,18424133,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,[GZ]Brzhk,"While i enjoyed the references to the ""good old STRs"", the gameplay is really disappointing. I really miss my wargame series, and will let the AoA series on the shelf."
,Recommended,318020,22607320,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,man3k,Reboot Edition is not without flaws but it managed to get me back into the game!
76561198054086365,Recommended,318020,18574086,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Iain,"I wont lie I like this game regardless of all the mixed reviews. Now its not perfect and I feel like the developers know that this was a flump. It is not C&C it is not Act of War and its not wargame, I have all these games now the Superweapons are OP as heck in this game, when attacking late game or even early game its not that difficult to get Super Weapons I play with friends and we could all hit each others armys with Super Weapons. There is extremely effective base defences to shoot down SW so you can if you decide to camp in base. The general defences you can deploy are really effective which means that breaking through them can be a struggle but is possible. To be perfectly honest if the developers let you zoom out further to better co-ordinate your forces as I tend to just play the game in ""Satalite View"" and if YOU turn off Super Weapons then you will find a much better gaming experience."
76561198002823841,Not Recommended,318020,19556407,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,IisforIan,"Controls are clunky, just not a very good RTS, has a lot of potential shame to see it wasted."
76561198011269293,Not Recommended,318020,19758212,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,digger313,"The dev's dont listen, they don't respond, this game has to many problems"
,Recommended,318020,22608428,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Indy11,"Posting a review because the game deserves it. Game is great and the devs did a great job with the reboot edition!!!  I actually like both versions.If you enjoyed Act of War, you will enjoy the reboot. I Love taking prisoners for extra cash. Game is fun with some great upgrades.The only negative is the lack of camera movements. I wish I could put the camera how I want like you could in WIC. But really that's a small issue.I haven't played the single player in the original version as I love RTS games for skirmishes."
76561198087296053,Not Recommended,318020,19346437,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Du ranger,Rise of the reds is still better. Should make resources last longer for more battles in game. feel like i can only build three tanks before having resources attacked. At least  the AI is good.
,Recommended,318020,18979256,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,madasafish3000,Enjoyable. Reminds me of the old RTS days
,Recommended,318020,17872161,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Barrykins,I've been having a great time with this so far. It feels more in line with Generals than say Starcraft. This is the RTS I was hoping Grey Goo would've been. The campaign might not be the greatest but the engine is solid and the gameplay is fun. I'm looking forward to what else they bring to this game.
,Recommended,318020,17878278,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,[MOS]Scorp,"Honestly, if you loved C&C Generals you will like this game. It looks like Generals, sounds like Generals, but it's not....So familiar, yet so different. Though it is every bit as fun to play & no two battles play out the same.It's also a good game to play with voice comms & friends (like Generals), as you can work together to plan sophisticated attack/defend strategies.Overall, when compared to the price that EA would charge for a game of this calibre, it's a steal."
,Recommended,318020,17870979,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Owl,"This is the sequel Command & Conquer Generals deserved.The gameplay is great, the units are both interesting and distinct (unlike Grey Goo's lookalike legion), and the maps so far are alright.I can mount very few complaints about this game and those are simply these three things:One: Voice acting is preeetty bad, but this doesn't make the gameplay any less good.Two: The music is kinda boring, but at least they are trying.Three: No veterency system. I really hope they could add one in an update, I always love being rewarded for keeping my units alive. Additionally this would incentivise players to go pick up their wounded soldiers more often.My honest rating for this game is 8/10, its really good, very fun, and is very much like the RTS classics without feeling stale."
,Recommended,318020,17873276,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Keg,"Good RTS man, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,318020,17870201,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DeBunkeD,Truly a masterpiece and a throwback to the amazing RTS's of old. Very comparable to C&C Generals.
,Recommended,318020,17873562,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bosco,"There's a singleplayer mission where you defend the Hague against Serbian terrorists in Toyota pickup trucks with rocket launchers mounted on the back, this is the sequel C&C Generals deserves."
,Recommended,318020,17850868,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Boomer the GUY G[A]MER,Absolutely excellent game in the style of old CnC. Great campaign and amazing multiplayer.
76561198087038109,Recommended,318020,28627344,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tactical gear,an improuve version of c&c generals i recomand to all who like that game this is awesome!!!
76561198269197255,Recommended,318020,20469943,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,air-borne1,This game is great
76561197970875686,Not Recommended,318020,18004157,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Draknar986,"Do not buy.The interface is clunky, the hotkey control and AI makes unit and building management a pain, and the game needs you to multi-task so much that it kills the enjoyment.  Great if you want to be an MLG competitor though.  The graphics, interface, and mini-map are not well designed to allow you to quickly zoom around the map and understand what is going on.Most of us who tried this game are hoping for the revival of the Golden Age of RTSs before Starcraft killed it, but this title is not what we're looking for."
76561198165497089,Recommended,318020,18378995,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SHADOWSTEP,Terminators OP... 11/10 would train more!!
76561198020970489,Recommended,318020,22933945,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,marty mcfly,"Good game if you like rts i'm multiplayer mostly I hear the campaign is not the meat of the game. 3 different factions loads of tech/units, its been a blast so far!"
,Recommended,318020,23353537,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SnoIIygoster,"It's a good game, not as good as Command and Conquer in my opinion, though the graphics are obviously an upgrade and the stability has been very good. The reboot edition was definitely needed in my opinion and has brought me back for a while."
76561198021622719,Recommended,318020,23390116,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,alex.dyer,"all in all a pretty fun rts that takes heavy inspiration from CnC, not that thats a bad thing. would definatly recomend picking it up if its on sale if you are on the fence."
,Recommended,318020,25494001,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,I See Starz,When this game first came out I won't lie... I was hella♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ There was a lot of issues with balance and no AI matches and forced to PVP. Now a year later I saw this on sale and had mentioned how it was fixed and saw they had AI matches so I could't resist to try this out again.I must say I am glad I gave this another go around because I am a big fan of their previous works like the Wargame series. One of the main issues I had in the beginning before was you create turrets to brace yourself from enemy air attacks and such. The turrets did nothing and the airstrikes and being bombarded was so OP. Well that is all fixed and turrets serve the purpose that is intended and I like that. I am not a turtle tactic kinda guy but I hate how you could invest in somewhat home base defense and waste it because it is so weak and clearly doesn't stand a chance. Not anymore and this is a lot more pleasant experience.Graphics don't seem too look as good as WG Red Dragon for some reason but still good looking. Game runs perfect on my I3 6320 paired with GTX 1060 with constant 60+ FPS maxed out. I did run into one crash so far and I don't know why but the second time I had no issues so I am not worried but all in all this is a lot better than before and worth it. Thank you for fixing the game and rebalance.
76561198088880273,Not Recommended,318020,21045595,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TehTimmeh,This game was not what I expected... Such a let down!
,Recommended,318020,34832594,Posted: 9 September,all,HealClick,"Nagyon jó játék! :)Viszont az kicsit zavar, hogy egyetlen szerver sem üzemel a multinál, csak a ranked.Alap ár mennyi is? 30,00€?? Na nem... Ezt nem szabad megvenned ennyiért. Hidd el, csak pénzkidobás lenne.9 € -ért vettem én, de látom is, hogy ez nem ér meg 30 -at.Vegyél inkább Cities Skylines-t, ehelyett. Igaz, az nem háborús alapú RTS játék, de sokkal jobban optimalizált meg nyíltabb, az tuti. :gmod:"
,Recommended,318020,17854595,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Z,JUST BUY IT! (SHIA LABEOUF TONE)
76561198039903938,Recommended,318020,17866622,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Zateel,"If you want a detailed review, DONT LOOK HERE!I just wanna say that this game is in my opinion a worthy spiritual successor of CNC generals, now, the only two things missing is:1. Modding support2. A toggle for ""hold fire"", ""fire at will"", and ""return fire""This game is a must buy for anyone who likes real time strategy games such as Command and Conquer!See you on the battlefield ;)"
76561198005652278,Recommended,318020,17867448,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,NeverBorn,"I love this game.  Great graphics, 3 different factions that play differently but are fairly well balanced asymmetrically as far as I can tell. Plenty of upgrades and units for you to choose from and utilize to destroy your opponent. I can't speak to the multiplayer or Campaign because I've only been skirmishing vs the AI and let me tell you, you WILL get your butt whooped even by medium AI if you try to sit back and turtle until you get a death army. Suffice it to say, the AI is very competent and challenging, at least at the beginning, once you figure out decent build orders even the Very Hard becomes pretty easy to overcome.The one negative thing I don't like is the resource production and management. You have 3 kinds of resources, oil which is used as cash, aluminum which you need to build buildings vehicles and upgrades, and rare earth which is harder to find on the map, but you need in order to get your most powerful upgrades and units. The problem is that you have to CAREFULLY manage what you spend which resource on and when, because if you're not aware of it, your economy will grind to a halt, until you start stockpiling more resources to pay for things, or cancel some of the stuff you're building to get your eco back on track. I guess that's ok, as it doesn't really allow you to mindlessly spam every kind of unit or upgrade, at least not until late late game where, depending on how well you've managed them, you're floating tons of pretty much every resource.All in all if you like traditional RTS set in a modern/near future environment with some mechanics that differentiate it from the bunch (you can capture enemy vehicle pilots and generate resources with them for example), then make no mistake, this is the game for you. I've been playing it since they opened it for early access and I've had an absolute blast. I've actually started putting starcraft 2 on the back burner to play this instead, so yes it's a great RTS."
76561197978655129,Recommended,318020,17870507,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,tko123,17 hours the game works no problems  if you buy it you get 2 hours to try it and if you dont like it you get your money back what more do you want  as far as game play goes you learn how to play ver. the ai  and then all the fun is in the multi player thats what keeps the game going for years
76561197970634680,Recommended,318020,17880236,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lukeovich,"This game gives me the warm fuzzies whenever I boot it up. A traditional base-builder with modern sensabilities thrown in, It's a C&C game for a new generation."
76561198065161624,Recommended,318020,17879897,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,sectioaurea,"Basically a ""WarGame"" on crack cocaine.Quite similar to World in Conflict and Command and Conquer.So far pretty good and well balanced (beside the arty as always, EUGEN pls)."
,Recommended,318020,17863694,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,RAMBO III,"if you're one of those who still miss Generals 2 Beta, you will fall in love with this game!"
,Recommended,318020,17864809,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,boris grishenko,"A true spiritual successor to Act of War and in some cases, C&C Generals.A great RTS that should be played by anyone who is a fan of the genre."
76561198142579374,Recommended,318020,17909459,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Player2,Great game!
76561198013014564,Recommended,318020,17860594,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Petr Nevecny,"I like that developers brought resource system and lots of units+upgrades, this focuses on macromanagement(planing, developing) more than micromanagement (ability to put a lot of actions per minuted). Would like to see some additions like ability to build bunkers for infantry, implementation of ""general powers"",UNIT VETERANCY.. but even without it the game supports various strategies and tactics and is a lot of fun."
76561197971316077,Recommended,318020,17880841,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,White,"A great RTS, that gives me the old CNC generals vibes.Highly recommended if you've ever enjoyed CNC generals, or Red alert etc."
76561198006567656,Recommended,318020,17858765,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Star Paladin,"A good little RTS.  I liked most everything about it during the beta, until it released, and noticed many standard things were still not in the game (like hotkey customization; being able to group the same type buildings to one hotkey; and all infantry types use the same icon to identify them).  Those are pretty important RTS utilities to leave out.Then, on release, I played the campain.  Ugg.  The story is barley there, and what's there is badly written (and VERY badly voice acted), with still pictures used.  But the missions themselves are pretty darn good so far.So, thumbs up here for the core game and campain missions (but NOT the campain story)."
76561198011827366,Recommended,318020,21323459,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,will,this game is f****** awsome.
76561198006994603,Recommended,318020,27852055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,crlmjohnson,great game.  highly recommend.
76561198104460512,Recommended,318020,29066870,Posted: 6 January,all,Knightly Imperial,This game btings back memeories of the old days of RTS and slaps it with a new coat of paint. My only problems with this game is that games happen so slowly and the scaling of the units.  The AI is merciless and will attack you at anytime. In my experiance whenever you expand your base outside your spawn it will send all of its units to destroy it. This game does justice to it's predecessor Act of War.
,Recommended,318020,29561111,Posted: 29 January,all,C1PH3R666,I have really enjoyed this game. Although yes the Campaign has no difficulty settings I still find it enjoyable. The reboot edition for Skirmishes and Multiplay is fantastic. They have really improved the game. Overall I would recommend this game but only if found on sale.
76561198054475284,Recommended,318020,23573296,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Tacti-Bear,"If you are looking for a game that has a similar feel to C&C Generals the Reboot Edition would be the game for you. Especially with the single resource system, which allows you to focus on what you really want, DESTRUCTION! And I can not speak for anyone else, but it runs just fine on my computer and my specs are by no means top of the line."
76561198108740888,Recommended,318020,23873548,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rattlesnakemtn,realy fun game but it has its issues. reminds me of Army Men RTS and reay fun
,Recommended,318020,24188588,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,KidCanis,"Scratches my ""Act of War""-but-HD itch for the most part, but not worth the full $45; I'd say at $15-$30 you'd be getting your money's worth, even if you're pretty much a skirmish-only player like me.The 'Reboot' update was an impressive show of respect for community feedback on the part of the Devs."
76561198072654526,Recommended,318020,24044851,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BlackSwan {GR},Quite a fun game. I really enjoy it !
76561197991137686,Recommended,318020,25506388,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Randombandit,"I enjoyed the original AoA.  It was complex enough to remain interesting.  There were some minor balance issues to work out, but was otherwise fairly solid. Then players got their hands on it.  Instead of altering the meta with original tactics and openminded strategic thinking, they whined ""EHERMAGHERD, DATS OP AF, NURF PL0X"". This caused other balance issues that just caused more chaos than good. [anyone remember migs from CnC Generals? buy an ambulance or paladin and that WHOLE mig-spam tactic died on the floor...but instead, whiners got migs nerfed to uselessness].  I know it is a dickish thing to say ""Git gud son"", but what happened to this game is a perfect example of what happens when devs bow to the players and appeal to the lowest common denominator.The reboot is definately cleaner and faster to pick up, and in it's own right is an alright RTS...like every other RTS we see these days. It also split an already small community.Sad to see this one fade out, but I still think it is worth picking up if you are a longtime RTS fan or are willing to paly an RTS where you will likely have to alter your strategy as you play, if you like a certain strategy or type of play and dont like changing that as the environment changes, this one isnt for you."
,Recommended,318020,25619964,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Duncan,"You will either see people with 100+ hours reviewing this game with their hearts poured out for it,or people like me , ~2.5 hours on the record saying it's not what I wanted.I've seen maybe ~40-50 hours worth of Acts of Aggression gameplay videos on ""RedTube"" before buying this game. I love C&C Zero Hour (& Mods), I love Act of War, World in conflict and I LOVE Wargames. But I didn't really find this as enjoyable.Maybe it's not a bad game, I'm just too old and mature to find all the mediocre cutscenes, clunky vehicle movements, that (enemy unit) got rekt by (insert friendly unit) and (insert dramatic death) all over the screen to be a bit too much.Or maybe I'm a video game hipster, and I'll find it fun after everybody else stopped playing.Either way, I was unable to get a refund, so I'm stuck with this."
,Recommended,318020,26580411,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Denz,Love this game. Missing the old days of RTS games. :)
76561197986048179,Recommended,318020,25931749,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chef Gordon Ramsay,"I grew up playing command and conquer and pretty much everything westwood did before EA killed them. That being said i did like this game and the scale that battles can become without losing game speed. Although there are some issues i have had crashes, some units seems overpowered, and 3 resources is really annoying. Dispite this i do enjoy the game and like playing the campaign and AI battles."
,Recommended,318020,27100218,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vault Kid,Amazing game but he's not as good as his older brother ''Act of war''
,Recommended,318020,17921990,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ShasODerei,C&C 2015
,Recommended,318020,17916664,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Raanch,This game does not have things I do not like. So I reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,318020,17877015,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TeeGR,"I was looking forward to this game but it failed to meet my expectations. First of all it is terribly optimized and doesnt look as good as you see on the screenshots. Voice acting and unit responses are bad and very limited , seems like it was done by 2 people one male and one female. Graphics are ok but even at the highest settings you still see horrible aliasing, UI is ugly and not intutive at all , it doesnt do a good job of explaning which button does what unless you read the text.The biggest issue though is the unit controls. This is unaccaptble in a RTS game to say the least. Controls are very unresponsive and I couldnt even get the first mission's optional objective because soliders were not moving where they were told to. Its a shame because it looked like a great successor to C&C Generals after EA butchered the whole series.I cannot recommend this game at this price and with the issues I mentioned above. It might b e worth to revisit during Steam's winter sale to both get it cheaper and see whether devs patched it to resolve some of the issues I had."
76561197985507272,Not Recommended,318020,19686838,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GrimFrame,Unskippable mission start cutscens? What year is it?
,Not Recommended,318020,22021648,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Fulysic,For unknown reasons would not run on my PC just get black screen hear sound no picture now they are doing reboot edition without fixing the first one no more money for them lucky im a game collector or i would have got refund
76561198044554428,Not Recommended,318020,21215378,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BuddyFriend,"to many different types of resources( ruins rts for me and adds an unnecessary level of depth aka micromanagement). If youre that autistic kid in those movies where the kid helps the FBI find a line of code that relates to another line of code in a haystack of code lines, than this game is great for youEDIT: OK, so they are doing a reboot. It pretty much just get rids of the extra resources. Ive played rts since KKnD and C&C. There is to much non sense in this game. the same non sense why company of heros is mediocre.Heres a simple formula: (1factory=all vechile types) +(1 barracks = all infantry types)+(1airfield=all air types) - (tedious base building aspects) - (indvidual unit upgrades) > individual unit uprages rather than applying to all units instantly after buying global upgrade + huge maps + slow infantry + unnecessary/uncosilidated buildingsbasically anything that makes any aspect of an RTS tedious is a no go.RTS's should be about out manuvering your enemy not about having a better adminstartion and logistics planBy out manuvering i mean: Looking for and hitting weak spots. Gurillea tactics on soft targets. Reconing to see what units the enemy is building. Building specific units to counter what the enemy builds. Luring enemys into ambushes by using a small and fast squad as bait.The hole harvester/ resource collector unit is obselteYOURE THE COMMANDER OF AN UNTIRE ARMY WHY IN DA FUQ SHOULD I BE WORRYING ABOUT SMALL UNIT LEADERSHIP  OR IF SOME PRIVATE IN A 7TON TRANSPORT DOSENT KNOW WEATHER OR NOT TO ENGAGE 2323423432 ENEMY TANKS.(the answer is no. that private in the 7ton harvester should go somewhere else without being told)Just have a building that automatically collects resources with out harvesters.This is where the logistics come into play. You have to make the choice how long the match is going to go. if you think it going to last 1 hour maybe you should spend a little more time and money building resources buildings to have the money for the late game. Or if you think or want the game to last 20 minutes, build a few resource buildings but build as many cheap but effective units as possible to over come your enemy.This game is ok. i would give it a side ways thump if i could."
,Recommended,318020,17938761,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dyguy25,destroyed a private military base with 120 mm of pure democracy.435/100 would ignore all other forms of government again
,Not Recommended,318020,17889694,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,RLShadow,Bonus Objective - Don't let anyone die.*ROCKETS*Bonus Objective Failed.I'd rather just play Generals.
76561197984370963,Not Recommended,318020,17901825,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Wooteman,"This game was to be the next Generals, but in the end is only showed a cool looking nations who aint balance at all. Well i have played for some hours, but i can't say i enjoy it.  its messy and sometimes you dont have clue of what is going on. even if you tryed to read what the uints are for, and the upgrades. still feels messy. The controls is also something you just need to give up..."
76561198114512021,Not Recommended,318020,17936246,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Spudnik101,cant play past the 2nd level on campaign for the chartel faction even with the new update and reverting to the last good instance. until the updates fix the campaign this game is ....... well incomplete if the single player doesnt even work properly. it has a good design as a whole but irritating currently.
76561198018145212,Not Recommended,318020,18435303,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Mastronaut,"I want to like this game. I really do. I'm struggling to truly enjoy it. The gameplay is frantic and the amount of micromanagement needed to play is really a turn-off. The campaign lacks the fun of Command and Conquer Generals for many reasons, including a very weakly written story, lack of background information on who you are supposed to be and why are you even at war, a horrendous voice acting cast. I could go on but that's not going to be helpful for anyone, especially me.The gameplay is asethically apealing but the inability to see where your units on, especially on the minimap, makes the strategic element almost non-existent. The AI is bad and the amount of time you have to spend commanding every facet of your army is pathetic. This game needs a major patch to balance and simply it.Pros:It's pretty to look atTried hard to be a spiritual successor to C&C GeneralsAccurately replicates the complete insanity of military chain of command, micromanagement, and battle trackingCons:Accurately replicates the complete insanity of military chain of command, micromanagement, and battle trackingBoring campaignEtc"
76561197982370929,Not Recommended,318020,18447801,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Grindy!,"I am an avid StarCart 2 player and I loved C&C Red Alert 2 back in the days and decided to give this a try. While I thought the setting was interesting, I found out the pace of the game and the hard-to-tell-apart units along with the not so self explanatory mechanics of the game were not for me.If you're somewhat interested in this, I'd wait for a discount, it might be the good game for you but it was not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,318020,25038679,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KurdishForces,"After playing the wargame series I had faith in these guys, but the game is so bad they had to start selling a reboot edition. Which in itself, is still unballanced and could never contend with command and conquer. The US can just send Abrhams tanks, 3 or 4 would do, and wreck your base, but if you play as the brits, you can send wave after wave and get smashed by AI on easy. The game was such a flop the devs gave up on it and went back to Wargame Red Dragon, and years after release started releasing for that game. If you want a balanced fun game, Go but Red Dragon, not this teeming pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ It ""COULD"" have been great, but fell very short."
,Recommended,318020,17889180,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,KyleKidd,"When I bought his game, I was hoping it would be similar to the C&C series.  I am pleased to say that it does draw many similarities to that franchise, while also coming across as very fresh.The cinimatics are a nice touch (reminds me of the RA2 cutscene glory days), but the voice acting is outright terrible.The game offers some serious depth as far as strategy is concerned; from base building, to resource collection, to the makeup of your army.The game is a bit rough around the edges as far as UI and interactivity with units.  If the devs can get that sorted out quickly, the game will be worth every penny of its moderate price tag.If you would like to see some ingame footage, I recorded an entire skermish against the AI with commentary:http://youtu.be/JC6USbfwabs"
,Not Recommended,318020,20510391,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Partly【chaos】,if i never bought it i would never know how much it sucks :3money well spent
76561198006618415,Recommended,318020,22702943,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xace,The reboot version is a step in the right direction. This version is why I bought the game in the first place.
,Not Recommended,318020,18321384,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,T0EPIC4U,1st game pre-ordered ever - never again.
,Not Recommended,318020,18719583,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,CLaW,"Game itself seems ok, when it works. Been having a lot of crashes and restarts. None of my other games crash on this computer."
76561197969398736,Not Recommended,318020,17978969,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,CodeKiller,"Honestly ? This game is a mess...I explain.At first I thought ""yeah it will be the next C&C !""Result ? Too hard to have all objectives, ennemy always have better army (light copter vs heavy copter ? what the ♥♥♥♥ ???) and so one.30 minutes mission for example, totaly impossible... ennemy have anti tank, anti air, anti infantry, anti everything...There is NO STRATEGY at all... It's just a game like ""you have more than ennemy you win"", no mind necessary to win, no plan to build.Second part, the ressoruces... O.M.F.G. !!!!!You litteraly have no ressoruces !!!I mean, yes, you have deposits full of ressources, but you cannot drain all in a row, you msut way that the stock slowly increase then you send a truck for the delivery... Way too stupid... There are 7 deposit, why the 7 cannot be used at a time ???Or I miss something because the game sucks ???Another thing just to finish : you cannot see through walls, yes, this makes sense. Then, I destroy the wall... AND NOOOOOOO YOU STILL CANNOT SEE THROUGH THE WALL OR GO OVER WITH ♥♥♥♥ING TANKS EVEN IF DESTROYED !!!! What's wrong with you ?????So for real C&C fan : don't have any hope, Westwood is dead and C&C with it. There will NEVER be any other C&C..."
,Not Recommended,318020,18436030,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ken,This game is all about who has more units to attack the other one. There are small maps and no really enjoyable gameplay.
76561198052908939,Recommended,318020,17853637,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CrazyStyle,"good game  and i gave it 7/10 but:1.it about who rush first win no Tactics Needed2.and there are limited  place to build on3,the economy is to low4. you will play 80% of the game in satellite view and you will fell you playing a web browser game"
,Recommended,318020,18127990,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Eagle,"If you remember and loved C&C Generals, this game is essentially a newer version. Remember, if everything is OP, nothing is. In true C&C fashion, pop caps are simply eliminated, tanks and artillery are horribly overpowered, and micro is unheard of.You will find classics such as-Overlord Tank (Abrams Tusk 2)-Nuke Cannon (NLOS)-GLA (Cartel)-Black Markets (Underground Black Market)-USA (Chimera)-China (USA)-Humvee (Humvee)What you won't find-General Powers-Late game lag-BalanceNo, this game will never become a competitive one like StarCraft 2, but it sure doesn't need to be for you to have fun by massing a giant, unkillable death ball. If you missed a good old game with casualties in the thousands, taking POWs to generate income, and hilarous phrases by units (""120 Millimeters of Democracy""), this game if for you. If you are looking for a fast paced, highly tactical and technical game, go somewhere else."
76561198079721520,Not Recommended,318020,30941309,Posted: 4 April,all,Remus Talaghan,They should have just made another wargame with modern units and new mechanics. It woulda sold much better then this attempt at Red Alert style gameplay.
76561197969304324,Not Recommended,318020,26093369,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarthBinky,Not super happy fun time!
,Recommended,318020,31860980,Posted: 20 May,all,a doum doum doum,Cool & Good
76561198006861742,Not Recommended,318020,19069945,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Beefheart,Totally frustrating
,Not Recommended,318020,24050200,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LORD_DXB,the game is amazing but i bought it because of the multiplayer mood  when i got there NO DAM GAME no one is online for a open gameand the pepole who are online are on pirvate game so you can not acess itbuy the game if you are a group of friend who would like to play between each other .. otherwise forget it ...
76561198031237153,Not Recommended,318020,23371806,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Tacticus,Why is it so hard to find HOW TO PLAY REBOOT EDITION ?? When i launch it from Steam or from Desktop it only lets me play the Vanilla version.
,Not Recommended,318020,19097979,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,S!lent Gu@rdi@n,"At present dont buy it, wait it out for future updates. I have played Red Alert, C&C generals, Total war games, and etc and comparing this to C&C is just silly. The controls are crap, the movement of attacks is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, making bases is a crap design compared to what i am used to, feels like your playing a♥♥♥♥♥♥developed mod, the story seems to be just like that a unthought out mod design, and the list continues. I keep trying to give it a try then get tired of the issues of just how the game was developed.   They seem to only have put that C&C line to just get players to buy it, its nothing like C&C wait it out till the price drops or major updates."
,Recommended,318020,18916608,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TheFishNextDoor,It's an enjoyable game. People are just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥its not command and conquer.
76561198021978653,Not Recommended,318020,18040904,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shade,"AoA certainly has some virtues: a lots of units, upgrades, tactics, etc.However they are mostly neglected by annoying  features: clumsy, uninformative UI; mind-numbing repeatative soundtrack, poor voice acting, aimless compaign story plot, mediocre animations in some cases.The need to fight over design flaws rather than actual opponents basically ruins all the fun from AoA for me.Sadly it took me too long to realize all these issues so I can't get a refund :)Only hope that patches and updates will bring at least some aspects of the game to an appropriate level."
76561198091311723,Not Recommended,318020,34299566,Posted: 16 August,all,lamngocchausg,♥♥♥♥ing this game alway crash crash
,Not Recommended,318020,31436655,Posted: 29 April,all,brad67676,"has too many unplayable bugs, developers have abandonded it too"
76561198026033691,Recommended,318020,20351031,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[CIS] Aetherr,"Great game but the skirmish ai is more of a danger to itself than to you, i steamroll the hardest difficulty ai and i am not a skilled rts player in any way"
,Not Recommended,318020,25459567,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Marsh,"Man, I loved the first one a lot. But i just can not get into this game. Stick to the wargame series Eugen Systems."
76561197994895106,Not Recommended,318020,18011221,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Heimer,"At this time I can not recommend this game. The AI is terribly broken in skirmish. All they do is spam units and blob the map wherever you try to move. This has been compared to Command and Conquer, but it is nothing like it and lacks gameplay tweeks needed to make it a decent game. Give it a few months, and then maybe pick it up on a summer sale. Very disappointed with this build."
76561198004245030,Not Recommended,318020,18320180,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kirov AP shells are OP,"I notice you can scroll up, left and right...... but not down? , especially since majority of the time your base is at the bottom of the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I thought there was the basic knowledge of creating base building strategic game?"
,Not Recommended,318020,18497561,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Canniballistic,"Its a fine RTS but the resources are completely random, the pathing is slow while the game crys for micro management due to how frail and expensive units are and there doesnt seem to be much ballance even considering the asymetrical armys style used.My biggest gripe is the larger scale which for me has taken a lot of what made the original games great.Also while the graphics are great and theres so much detail and excelent animations its one of those games thats just rediculously shiny to the point you need to hunt down the option responsible so you can turn it off and be able to clearly see whats going on.Act of Aggression is more CnC Generals trying to incorporate parts of Act of War instead of the other way round, so it really plays like a decade old RTS with a long worn off appeal.Dissapointed.Reboot:I came back to this game with the promise of all my woes being fixed... they werent.So they made the economy singular without hidden resources or random placement. Nice that its not random but being singular takes a little strategy out of it and seeing as the super weapons were ballanced around one of the now absent resources its impossible to say it hasent effected the game.The general ballance feels off especially when combined with other elements of the game mechanics.For instance, if you have a group of helicopters they can clump together and anti air missiles have splash damage so thats them done in pretty quickly which isnt the case for vehicles as they cant move ontop of each other.Theres more but the games just so vehicle focused it gets dull quickly.One other thing they changed was the upgrades, removing some to be including automatically. Not that it matters because 90% of the upgrades are boring. 'Your solders now have rocket launchers yay...' they dont play into the near future settings and add no entertaining dynamics to the game.Aircraft are now ""powers"" like they were in Act of War. Which would be fine if they werent done in the most work around way possible. It specifically states on the offical post about the aircraft update that ground attack craft work by using an ""evac point"" so you have to have that set behind the enemy you want to attack instead of designating an area to attack as you do with bombers or in games with a similar mechanic.Back onto the economy and its worth mentioning how quickly the resources die out turning the game into a boring turtle match as you cant afford to waste resources losing your fragile units.All in all its just boring and if you thought the original game was boring the update wont change your mind."
76561198069863156,Not Recommended,318020,20111449,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Master TANG !,Thought it was like the Red Alert serie....   it is pretty uch the same but much more complicated. Campaign sucks. Multiplayer is good !
,Recommended,318020,22922616,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TowerCitys Finest,"for RTS game it is a good and worth having, plus fun to play over all i would say one of the best games from 2015/16..its a must have game for me."
,Recommended,318020,23656824,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,PinkponySenior,"If you liked the original Command and Conquer Generals game as much as I did, you will love the AoA reboot edition!  This game is my favorite RTS, and is a wonderful throwback to the ""golden age"" of modern warfare RTS games.  It plays almost identically to CnC Generals and CnC Generals Zero Hour, but is significantly more advanced (the 2016 graphics are a huge plus, and there are tons of amazing hotkeys and unit task assignment shortcuts that allow a level of gameplay above that offered by CnC).The single resource economy vastly simplifies the financial side of gameplay over the original Act of Aggression, leaving more time to focus on actual attack and defense strategies.  I find games like Starcraft to be a bit too fast-paced and muscle-memory multitasking oriented, so AoA RE seems to fit me perfectly--I have enough time to think things through, but the pace is still fast enough to keep me challenged and interested.My only beef about this game is that not enough people play it--it's often hard to find a RE online game unless I'm playing with friends.  Eugen needs to dedicate more attention to updating and promoting AoA RE in order to build up the online multiplayer community.  This game has an amazing amount of potential, and I'm sure that I'll be playing it for years to come."
76561198021178804,Recommended,318020,23546420,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,baddblood316,Loving Act of Aggression; a throwback to the time of legendary RTS games!
,Recommended,318020,22096498,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,▼ Glen,Reboot Edition is good so far
76561198075210689,Not Recommended,318020,21789873,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,uppalatiq,you should create a airforce base
76561198061036568,Recommended,318020,26093853,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,White Wolf,Oh man i miss the good old days. when strategy games were the♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you do too you have to buy this game! its basically a modern command and conquer
76561198062786759,Not Recommended,318020,19472210,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,<| DOGE,5/10Not what I expected honestly.Campaign is horribleUnits are unbalancedDid not live up to expectations.I regret pre-ordering a pile of crap.
76561197968434999,Not Recommended,318020,19323446,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NWG_Double-UC,"Many of the negative reviews were helpful, but I decided to give it a chance(to support a studio that has some products I enjoy).  The comment of a spiritual successor to C&C Generals, someone needs to wake up from their dilusional fantasy.  Combat engagements in the game are an absolute joke.  Not to mention the complete lack of depth of units and usefullness.  The negatuve reviews commenting on the tech trees are true, it's all over the place.  Easy to figure out, but not intuitive.  The replayability factor of this game is not very high unless this is the only PC game you own; in that case you would likely give up your PC out of boredome.  DO NOT BUY!  I can't stress it enough. 1/3 of the reviews are negative for a reason, there are much better alternatives to this game availible."
76561198193314738,Not Recommended,318020,19324202,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,shahramtaba,Crashed every time I tried to play. Never got passed the loading phase. My system is top of the line and I have not had similar problems before. Requested a refund.
76561198006553846,Recommended,318020,17955149,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mr. Freud,"Great ""old school"" RTS. 10/10"
76561197984871587,Not Recommended,318020,17953129,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ruges,Its not a bad game. But its no hidden gem.  There are better RTS's out there.
76561198027546218,Recommended,318020,24397177,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,noble_cause51,A nice RTS title. It has it's flaws but it is a spiritual successor to some of the best RTS games in history. With a bit of polish it could be a great series.
76561198109339407,Recommended,318020,24482908,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LordChaos,"It was only a few months ago that I have had my eye on this RTS Game for the longest of time, and really ought of all my RTS Reviews I have given good few days of playing and exploration and must say. Recest the company that has taken over the Command and Conquer series, and honestly this is very interesting and fun to play but what you have in this game compared to Zero hour and Generals:Resources:Oil RigsScrap metal for alloyDefenses:SMGs and possible other Classes for the other two countries of the game.Other than that I'm greatly impressed what is going on with the game and looking forward with Recest coming out with other CC titles hopefully they will restore it too its former status."
,Recommended,318020,25002012,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,JawnCee,"Game is almost like a version of C&C Generals mix of a little Wargame Euro-Escalation etc.. However, with a different dynamic and mechanics that may or may not be to your liking. I still like it; due to the fact that it is ""still RTS"". The faction names, really? Can it get any cheesier? It's good to have diverse groups of factions but the faction name is just not fitting. I really like the zoom in and out functions like Wargame, it helps when I want to just send them out all over the places on the map. Wish they can fix the resource management and what not, I feel like I get overwhelemed or more like run-out when recruting or building. Great challenge. 7.5 out of 10. Would love to see a remake of C&C in the future..."
,Recommended,318020,26613301,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sir.Edlin,Recommended!
,Recommended,318020,24489525,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Living Tribunal,"Great RTS.  My friends and i were huge fans of the C&C Generals and the Act of War series, and this is the only recent game that is comparable to those.  Very similar (of course) to the Act of War series, except that the graphics have improved.  I think there is a greater variety of units as well.The only con is that there is no map editor, but hopefully that changes soon."
,Recommended,318020,24533355,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,RF.Rocknrolles,Great game BUT IT NEEDS MORE MAPS OR AT LEAST A MAP EDITORim looking for a map with no bridges but i cant make one cuz theres not map editorgreat game just either make a map without bridges or give us a map editor
,Recommended,318020,23203886,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Zo0oRrrro,I Like It
,Recommended,318020,17882762,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,RT_Mythictang,Haven't play such good classic RTS in a long time.
76561198008824626,Recommended,318020,17859098,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Myth,It's allright
76561197994950481,Recommended,318020,17884396,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,joelkk,There are no general rank upgrades as there were in Generals. A feature that made it more enjoyable. Other than that this game is very similar to Generals.
,Recommended,318020,25878596,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,autooto,"Awesome game, almost 3 hours playing this game :D"
,Not Recommended,318020,17908441,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,NanoByteGhost,"I can see why younger multiplayer fans would give this a thumps up, it was designed for them. Speaking as an older player that perfers single player these days, I feel disappointed.Eugen Systems always put more effort in to multiplayer in their games than they do in Skirmish or Single player. It has been a consistant problem in all their games so far.Even though single player fans dont always want every map to be mirrored or fair and do want to be given control of their armies early in a campaign, and do want some sort of credible back story. Eugen Systems always fail to deliver those things and insists on leading the player around by the nose in its single player campaigns.I do not believe Eugen Systems understand what sort of player actually plays RTSGs in single player.  The whole Player dreams up his own strategy aspect of RTSGs seems to elude them as they tell players what to do instead of letting them get on with it them selves.Multiplayer has traditionally been a way of evading responsibility for making good AIs and good single player features that do require more work from the Devs. Multiplayer does not need any of that, it is the easiest RTSG to make, so it is bad sign when a dev skimps on single player. It means they skimped on other areas of the game too.  Areas even multiplayer fans would want and those areas are the areas that makes games like these in to classics rather than releases that get forgotten within 2 years when the multiplayer attraction fades.What Eugen Systems have done with this game is make everything utterly and completely fair for multiplayer fans and in doing so destroyed any real attempt at strategy for everybody else.Every map is mirrored... they are ALL utterly fair..... But I ask you, was D Day fair.... was Stalingrad fair.... was the Blitz fair, was the Battle of Britain fair, how about the Alamo... was that fair ?Yet Eugen Systems war sim is very fair.... and dull... and boring.....I had to force my self to play it because nothing about this games single player features was remotely interesting.Funny thing is, they announced a sequel to this game before this game was even released, which is a sign they are about to repeat the same design mistake that they make in all their games.So my advice to you is this, if you see Eugen Systems is the developer and you are not a multiplayer fan... save your money... buy another game.  If you are a multiplayer fan and you see Eugen Systems is the developer and the game is more than 2 years old, save your money and buy another game.Eugen Systems games tend to die a death online after about 2 years.... so its only selling point disappears after 2 years normally.Not recommended unless you are a multiplayer fan and the game is still less than 2 years old.5 out 10.....For single player fans RUSE is still their best game even though it has these problems. Thankfully you can spend your UBI points earned by playing the game to get the D Day map which is not fair and is there for fun to play in single player. RUSE is actually a very good game, far better than this and cheaper too since it is about 5 years old.PS This game was released on 2nd September 2015.... so all those 2nd September reviews are first day of release reviews and they gave this game a very big Thumbs up on day 1. Which is now slowly disappearing as people actually play this game for real and give it a more realistic score."
,Not Recommended,318020,17900821,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Valco82,Could be good but cant tell it continues to keep crashing on my system r9 290x x2  BOoo
76561198222854876,Not Recommended,318020,17861876,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,martinjohn.moore,Lots of potential but in the current state stay clear lots of glitches lots of crashes another example of a game released before its ready for launch. I bought and refunded with the hour i couldnt get the game to run had repeated start up crashes but even the 10 mins of game play i did get i was finding glitches. Example ] using the mouse I could scroll left and forward but not right or back. How on gods green earth did that not get picked up before release ???Definatly the potential to be awsome but definatly a game released to soon.
,Recommended,318020,17849785,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,♕Aℳazing♠Jo™♞,Just like old times
76561198016761758,Not Recommended,318020,17859741,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Soundlover,"Terrible game. Lots of bugs but those can be expected just upon release. Its terrible because gameplay and units are boring. They should not have done a story, as its useless.  Just hope I can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,318020,18156300,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Tenchuu Khan,"If you're mainly into solo campaigns, skip this one.Besides that the ""story"" if you will is pretty half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with really lame cutscenes, the missions are pretty much all set up so you have to get it exactly right, especially with your timing.Due to the bloated resource management, the time it takes to recruit units and the fact that the enemy sends an endless stream of units against you it's just frustrating.While there's some hard missions in between the last one is just stupid really.You're low on resources, the enemy keeps attacking you, once you set up defenses against that he sends in stealth bombers against which you can't properly defend. Even if you scout them out and pop them they drop their load.If you set up enough AA against that nonsense the enemy sends in Koalitsija which of course is basically a heavy tank with a long range gun that carpet bombs your base.Bottom line: it's the kind of hard you don't want to have."
,Not Recommended,318020,17946777,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Guardious,"Sadly i found the game very lacking, the voice acting in the campaign was well.... about the worst I have ever heard in a video game and the actual game play felt very browser like. Being that the units etc, seem not to actually fit the terrain. Lag in controlling units (might be for a bit more realism didn't care for it) and other things. Sadly this title doesn't run up to this companies previous titles, actually ALL their previous titles are far superior.To me this one is just lack all the basics of what I would expect in a title like this, it felt very rushed."
,Recommended,318020,23249873,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Gustavoooo* buying/trading skins,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,318020,18117777,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DerpyDerpderp,played almost 1/2 the campaign. Kindda gave up. Riddled with balancing issues. I kept trying with different strats but i gave up when it started not to be fun.
,Not Recommended,318020,24476707,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,romper,"Units are weird, they cost too much and seem to die too fast. Not sure what type of pace they wanted with this game but pick it up on sale. I backed it and I regret it."
,Not Recommended,318020,17862961,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Medic Frog,"I've played this game ever since the Angry Joe video on it, and it WAS amazing at that time and was even amazing after they added the Cartel. HOWEVER, they've consistently reduced the Cartels potency, they removed the Cartel's perma stealth which up against the other factions they NEED. The Cartel is more expensive and weaker than their other faction counterparts, and they relied on that quick minute or two that you don't have stealth detection to really dent anything. Abrams spam still plagues this game heavily, grab 10 abrams upgraded to TUSK 2 and you win, NO MATTER WHAT (i know from doing it myself.) I love that the devs have been listening to their players but hot damn they've been going about it all wrong, STOP trying to remove the STRATEGY from a REAL TIME STRATEGY game just because people were annoyed that they had to build some stealth detection to fight the Cartel late game. I won't be touching this game again until they fix the Balance issues in the game. It WAS the BEST RTS game i'd played in a really long time, this was better than C&C Generals in my opinion. However you had to listen to a couple kids who complained about having to THINK up a strategy to win, and dumbed the game down SO badly that i don't even have to think when i play your game anymore... you done ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Not Recommended,318020,17904913,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Grayscale,"I'm going to consider this my 2015 reminder that Early Access is crap, and preordering is a terrible idea.  I muddled through about 2 hours of unsatisfying game play during the Early Access period, expecting that game play would improve.  I had hoped the campaign, at least, would be satisfying.  I was wrong.  What I played was unimaginative, and horrible in comparrison to Act of War or World in Conflict.  A game ""hailing from the Golden Age of RTS"" should actually incorporate some of the innovations in the genre since then.So, I requested a refund: Learned that playing during Early Access - the Alpha and Beta - actually does count towards time played, and that Steam's timer counted me for closer to 5 hours actually played.  Refund denied."
76561198214312119,Recommended,318020,33067573,Posted: 30 June,all,Lance,Great game.
76561197994706964,Not Recommended,318020,26237575,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jamieb373,let down from the old act of war.
76561197982371705,Not Recommended,318020,24208759,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vizualartist,"Act of Aggression?  Oh yes that exactly what this game wants to cause you to do after trying to launch the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  It won't launch and worse it tries to drag your pc with it.  After loading to a black screen with only music running the game won't release to a ctrl+alt+del or an alt tab, just a black screen with music.  Then after powering off the machine it won't even start up again.  What a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game made by shady♥♥♥♥♥developers that don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing.  Avoid this game and any other made by these scamming developers and publisher.Support?  I don't know, I filled out the form on their support page and it just disappears.  No confirmation message or email.  Of ♥♥♥♥ing course.They missed the mark so ♥♥♥♥ing terribly with the game itself that they made a ""reboot"" edition just to try and get closer to a good game and ended up getting further from the mark.  It only illustrates that not only do they not know what they're doing they don't even have their own vision of what a good game is.  Nobody plays it, maybe because many that try have their computers fried for trying.  ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING HEARTS???  DON'T YOU ♥♥♥♥ING HEART OUT MY ♥♥♥♥S YOU ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ASS♥♥♥♥♥♥MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198016197766,Not Recommended,318020,20944707,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,D_,I honestly thought this game was going to be good. When I play this i feel like im playing an unfinished version of C&C generals with sub par graphics. It is clunky and slow moving. I would steer clear of this one folks.
76561198155027478,Not Recommended,318020,17879826,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PeruvianPepe,"I'm greatly disapointed in this game.  I could barely play for 30 min.  Its so poorly optimized I have to play on the lowest graphic settings which makes it look like Rise of Nations on its lowest graphic settings. My computer should easily be able to handle its best but for some reason it can't. The unit use no strategy and maybe i'm used to COH and I got used to an advanced system of cover and and AI thats not just walk up and shoot. No tutorial, doesn't explain anything. The game looks like its in  beta and looks half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in general."
76561198130032136,Not Recommended,318020,17951065,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Bosscascade,"(this is from skirmish single player only)Act of agression is a good game but has problems. You cannot fully zoom out making the map harder to fully see. Buildings hold few units and will be overun to easly. You must either love stategy games or never played them much or this will not  be a new experince Other then the building and it being kinda dull its a good game. Though i dont like it.(Note this is from MY opinion on games, I'm sure many out there will enjoy."
76561197971515628,Not Recommended,318020,18062708,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Screema,"I would have to say no to recommending this game, whilst it is a new RTS where others have chosen not to retain this ultimate form of game AOA series lacks in places.the look, greatthe units, greatthe tech, greaythe story line, shocking!the AI, disapointingthe narration, pointlessthe missions, disjointedi may recommend this game if it were half the price, because to be fair, thats all you're getting.such a shame"
76561198020711100,Not Recommended,318020,22162511,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ryeridge,it is an unbalanced un fun game 3/10
,Recommended,318020,22959497,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mark,"It's old, but new kinda style of game. if you liked command and conquer get it."
76561197981640564,Not Recommended,318020,25440140,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,OzzTheBozz,"Garbage! Every time i try to launch the game it crashes. If you take a look at the eugene forums you will see that nearly every 2 thread is about launching/starting problems. It's the first game i've ever gotten a refund on. Don't waste your time and money here. Thanks to steam i can at least get my money back!Update: I managed to launch the game, but it's not worth it! Bad graphics and poor animations. Even the nearly 10 years old C&C tiberium wars have much better graphics than this. Gameplay is boring as well. And there is no campaign mode. Bought the game via sale for 15,29€ (-66%) even 15 bucks are too much."
76561198031051407,Not Recommended,318020,17950358,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,sds,"Environment is a non-factor. Units and vehicles pass through civilian buildings and terrain obstacles like they aren't even there. I don't mind projectiles being unaffected, but that is ridiculous for a 40$ game."
,Not Recommended,318020,17948919,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,weiss,"Was so stoked when I saw this was out after reading some positive reviews also. Instantly bought it and started playing. Played a skirmish and after 60 minutes I just decided to refund it.Basically what every negative review said though. Player control is awful. The building zone restrictions especially ruins the game for me. I spent probably half of the 60 minutes playing placing ""fobs"" so I can build everywhere. Also. Maybe I missed a tutorial and it's pretty simple but there is no explamation on resources in game. Then on top of resources u have to worry about power. I couldn't even figure out what most of the icons were that popped up on a building. Was it out of resources? Power? I don't know.As someone else said too.. the music is awful. I've heard better soundtracks in porn."
76561198127725682,Not Recommended,318020,18014033,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,fights4love,"NO, do not buy this game. The tech tree is horrible. 3 resoources to manage is to much micro mnaging. Music is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bland everything. Units look the same. Building looks the same. Graphics are bland as well. To much brown not enough map diversity. NOt worth your mpney. I enjoyed Ra2 back in the day and was hoping to like this one but nope."
76561198007375334,Not Recommended,318020,17967073,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Abyssal Nicholson,"Looks and feels disgustingly dated, nothing innovative or even an improvement on past RTS games that were actually good, feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized hybrid Generals and Wargame, I hope you have perfect vision because just about every vehicle shares the same colour scheme and looks just about identicle, oh and be sure to zoom in if you want to see graphics that resemble dawn of war 1 from 2003. The absolute best feature was the trailer emphasis on jets, guess what? there aren't any."
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,318020,25413763,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,NIN2,Should have taken the refund! now it will be in my inventory for ever with 9 hours played.
76561198006030565,Not Recommended,318020,18029747,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,flux,"This is the kind of game that you should probably play 1st before you start comparing it with other RTS games of similar elements. So I won't bother going into details.For me it is a mash up of said elements like C&C and Act of War but it lacks the love, the spirit and the heart.If you own the game, you can say that it is not entirely a bad game. You enjoyed it, you had fun with it solo or with other people. The game works and you just want to play it again and again but deep down you know that it's missing a lot of things of it's own charm.However, for someone new to this sort of RTS and hoping to get the game. You will be at lost on figuring it out at it's current state so I deeply suggest you get it at a lower price."
,Not Recommended,318020,17941870,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Fireandsteel,"The game its self is awesome, it is like a mix of war game and generals, but one thing has been bothering me.NO ♥♥♥♥ING MOD SUPPORT.NO ♥♥♥♥ING MAP SUPPORT.YOU CAN'T HAVE A GREAT GAME like this go to WASTE like this. Eventually base game is going to get boring, and maps will become boring. So i'd advise caution when getting the game. Mods made generals awesome and i still play contra to this day.Untill mod support is added and community made map support is added, i'd suggest not getting it."
76561198021920894,Not Recommended,318020,18259648,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,demisniper,"so much hype, so much potential. unfinished and unrefined..."
,Not Recommended,318020,18039771,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,dbPieter,"A few notes first:- English is not my mother tongue- I only played this game for 70 minutes (= refund)This game is often compared to be like Command & Conquer generals/red alert. While this might seem true at the first glance, it really isn't. Here are a few reasons why:- Indistinguishable units and buildings: it's just plain hard to see your units on the ground, they often just blend in with the surroundings, which is realistic, but a pain in the back in an RTS game. It's very hard to see if you're selecting a sniper, grenadier or something else. Same goes with occupied buildings, while C&C occupied buildings have visible blue/green/red markings on them, this game just adds a subtle color filter.- Voice acting. Unit voices are so-so and become boring very fast. Forget all the fun lines from generals (""It's very hot in here!"", shivers down my spine while writing this). The objective announcer is just plain cringeworthy and makes the game feel very cheap.- Boring campaign. I'm mostly a solo player so this is very important to me. Unfortunatly this is also a major problem of the game. Missions seem so utterly boring: kill everyone at point A. After that the forementioned terrible announcer tells you that a VIP is under fire. No need to rush, so it seems, they'll just wait until your army arrives and you crush them."
76561198039438883,Not Recommended,318020,18051354,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Alan Johnson's Beemer,"Ruse and Wargame make this game seem antiquated, confusing and child like. Do not buy, I regret it already."
,Not Recommended,318020,18120058,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kalishnikov,Way too difficult. Moreso in an 'annoying' way rather than a 'challenging' kind of way.
76561198054588064,Not Recommended,318020,17895636,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,mrtnptrs,"The campaign isn't like Generals, so I refounded the game. If you want a game like Generals, just buy Generals, not this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198032463525,Recommended,318020,31799918,Posted: 16 May,all,goldarp,if your loking for a good singel pleyer stratige game like C@C genrelsthis will skratch that itch other wis ther are beter gamespersonely i like it but its not for evre one
,Not Recommended,318020,17900329,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sacheverell,"Wish I could review this, but it won't run. ""Corrupt installation"" it keeps telling me, despite multiple verification attempts.*shrug* This is what the refund system is for, I guess."
,Not Recommended,318020,17899222,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Spectralblu,"Game is flashy, but lacks depth. Campaign is terrible and the seperate factions all play almost identically. Almost feels like they spent all of their budget on the really flashy trailer and then didn't have the funds to finish the game out properly."
76561197984463046,Not Recommended,318020,17885826,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mouse Fitzgerald,"Extremely buggy, I've reached a point in the game where I can't move forward and restarting missions results in a core dump."
76561198155576336,Not Recommended,318020,18643421,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MrBafner,When playing in solo the game constantly crashes with errors. Playing in multi player the game freezes. Have now played for 118 hours and haven't managed to finish a game yet.Total waste of time and money.
76561198066279341,Not Recommended,318020,18569366,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pascal_1080Ti,"First review on steam...im hardcore gamer and loves all type or genre games!Ok lets begin...PLS MAKE SOMEONE REAL FULL HD REMAKE OF ACT OF WAR HIGH TREASON WITH SOME GOOD THING FROM DIRECT ACTION!!!Sry i want to say that!!!About game..i really try more times this game...rly gives more and more last chances but finally i lost and uninstall this game.1.Graphics are more or less ok,but didnt like unit sizes...infantry are too small and vehicles too but aircraft are smaller!Better like act of war or coh2,special effects are good,textures and lightning are rly well made.2.Gameplay is ok,like resources management,but hate unit disbalance...hate those noob things like most units can attack any type ofvehicles...wtf???liketerminators can attack all units plus destroyrockets..wtf???Whatnoob game this it.Aircraft are too powerless...almost useless except some planes like b2!Why they didnt use unit rank system like act ow war???3.On this game good thing is everything from act of war games...rest are useless♥♥♥♥♥♥rly mad at this game...i waited so long on this game...followed all the time on game developmant time and bought pre order and when i get i was dissapointed after 10min of gameplay!unit arsenal and upgrades are interesting and good!Verdict: Only on my opinion this game are big fail like company of heros 2 when i get was big useless dissapointmant!And ofc like coh2 cant dont scale at all on sli...wtf on 2015y they still manage to fail that!!!Suggestions...if you are new player to rts and never play anything at all,go buy and play you like it...for players with exp on that kind of play avoid it at all...better wait for good act of war mod...coh2 mod or new game!!!"
76561197972516329,Recommended,318020,22638571,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JDPUK,"Absolutely loving the reboot, once the kinks are worked out in the beta, AoA is going to become what I always wanted it to be. Though even better, you'll be able to play both versions. Easily one of the more underrated RTS games out right now. Most definitely recommend to RTS players, three diverse factions, tons of buildings and support structures to build, wide variety of units. RTS genre baby is making a comeback, hell yeah!"
,Not Recommended,318020,19218642,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Defective_Merp,"Eh, is all I can really say towards this game. I'm a very big RTS fan (Since the first Command and Conquer) and I had really hoped this would satisfy my RTS needs since past RTS games have been utter failures but honestly it hasn't. It's poorly balanced and there's really no strategy in the game as you would see for example in Total War, Age of Empires, etc."
76561198045110681,Recommended,318020,17876667,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,xSTRYKERx,"A fantastic RTS, Keeps you thinking and keeps the action coming."
76561198007704796,Recommended,318020,17864226,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Slav Man,THE GOLDEN AGE OF RTS IS BACK!!!!!!
,Recommended,318020,17852947,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Hoxtalicous,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A Good Triple A game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
76561198153135300,Not Recommended,318020,17992995,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ondrej,"The game is extremely difficult, no difficulty settings, can not play after few levels. Do not recommned to buy."
,Recommended,318020,24826977,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,itscoopeinnit,"I think they have done a pretty good job but needs a few things added and changed.1) An easier way to repair buildings, it took me weeks to figure out how to!2) The ability to play the campaign whilst in the reboot edition.3) More basic skirmish options, like ""limit super weapons"" basically, right now i can play against 7 very hard AI's and all i have to do is box myself in and build 30 nukes - i win.4) The AI just seem to do the same thing.5) MORE MAPS!6) Allow units to rank up based on kills?i like this game right now, but i thnk it could be so much better."
,Recommended,318020,28536624,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cyborg skinhub.com,Really good with the techno tanks from saints row
76561198108569722,Recommended,318020,24763060,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,davemandruk,I wish we could build machine gun Nest on the roads to slow down tanks like you can in real life.  Yes I have told all my friends about it. over all a great game
76561197964147559,Not Recommended,318020,17867558,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Nalleknas,"I regret buyng this game.. It's the whole feeling of the game, feels so old and ""already done"".Not worth 38£."
,Not Recommended,318020,17919026,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"I want to like it, I really do.However, it is very shallow, combined with a steep learning curve, making this unplayable for me.Sure, the visuals are nice, with a few similarities to C&C Generals, but to compare this with generals is blasphemy.It's like comparing Starcraft to Chess, sure there are similarities (i.e. strategy intense games,) but they are two totally different games from two totally different eras, with totally seperate strategies and mechanics, as well as controls. Not to mention the stories are radically different from eachother concerning depth, and the soundtrack for one is great, while the soundtrack for the other is non existent.I will share a thought of the day from Warhammer40k - ""Hope is the first step upon a road to disappointment.""This proves true for Act of Aggression. I will give it 3/10 Skud Missiles. Better luck next time Eugen."
76561198027974858,Not Recommended,318020,22996768,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[EDT]BERing,"No idea why I bought it.It's a generic toyplay unit-hunting, not an RTS\wargame in any way.Wanted full-scale epic modern battles. Got unmature children sandbox with military toys.Yeah, tanks shooting no further than 20 meters, epic. Annoying FoW in which assault helicopters can see about 30 meters away. Terrain elevations don't affect unit LoS. Infantry can pass thru urban arcitecture (e. g. walls and fences) and objects freely. Units can shot thru most buildings constructed by player. No unit formation move and units always tend to sink into each other. Single player campaign is a joke. Soundtrack requires itself to be muted. Oh, I forgot the nukes! Worst nuclear weapon I've ever met in a whole genre!Boring, unsofisticated, repetative.But in the end I'm the one to blame. Should have learned more about the game before buying. A product for those who prefer DX11 tesselated ground decals over decent gamedesign."
,Not Recommended,318020,25431585,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,beverly.vantas,"A great RTS, destroyed by the decision to ""limit the zoom-out"". So you are basically shifting the map around all the time because you can't zoom out. Why?"
76561198122499768,Not Recommended,318020,22930054,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,General fluffy paws,The game is sooo unstable ive yet to not have it crash on me since i brought it :(
,Not Recommended,318020,17870868,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,NinjasWithCandy | Twitch,"game randomly crashes and has some bugs, I like the game overall but the crashes and bugs make it unplayable for me."
76561198028773298,Not Recommended,318020,17916062,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,mikael.fenrir,"I really wanted this game to be good, and it had the potential to be. However, pathfinding in the game is somewhat wonky at best (sometimes you order 5 soldiers in a group to move, 2 of them go one way, 2 go some other way and the last one just keeps twitching in one spot), and the singleplayer campaign is simply meh. No real story, boring cutscenes, not much of a base building, plus the horrible idea of side missions where you arent allowed to lose any soldiers (made even more difficult by the pathfinding issue)"
76561198035180712,Not Recommended,318020,17939187,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,the747beast,"***DO NOT BUY IF LOOKING FOR GAMEPLAY ALONE***I am not one to write reviews, however, this game warranted one. I hope you read it start to finish. Important points are inbold. If you only read the bold sentences, you will get a good jist of the review, but I highly recommend that you read the review start to finish if you have any past experience with RTS.A bit of background: I am an avid Starcraft II (another, much more popular RTS) player. I mostly enjoy games for their gameplay. And I must say, Starcraft II has spoiled any other non-Blizzard-made RTS title for me, because they nailed it so hard with Warcraft III, Starcraft, and Starcraft II, in my opinion. You may or may not agree, so please do not base your decision of if this review is helpful or not on that.Having played Command and Conquer Generals and the Zero Hour expansion, I must say that if you enjoyed those games, you will enjoy this one. The games are extremely similar in gameplay and interface, with a few tweaks and of course improvements in this game. In my experience, this game, although only in beta, has a bit less depth than CnCG. I assume the game will increase depth as it progresses, but in its current state, I would prefer the depth of CnCG with the interface and game engine of this game.I would reccomend strongly considering buying this game if you were a fan of the Command and Conquer Generals series.A very important article from wikipedia to read:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-time_strategy#GameplayHowever, coming from a spoiled community of RTS gamers who mainly play Blizzard RTS titles, I must say this game is very poor in terms of overall gameplay. Let me dissect what you're looking at in each aspect of the game (in my experience):Macro: Doesn't matter how many resources you have, you can infinitely queue units to be built (And they build when you get the resources). This means the macromanagement is essentially automated to the point of being non-existant.Micro: The units move so slow that micro isn't even a part of the game.Positioning (Tactics): Maybe the only redeeming factor of the game. Where your units are positioned to control various points is important in securing a win.Decision-Making (Strategy): With so little time played, I don't think I can comment on this fully. However, the strategy seems as one-dimensional as CnCG in that infantry becomes utterly useless (and moves so slow) once vehicles of any kind are out. You tech to higher tech and there is no decision-making in this process. Each step in the tech tree is so much stronger that it becomes stupid to use anything of the previous tech level.Seeing as this game is dismal at best in 3 out of 4 of these core parts of an RTS, I have to say that I don't reccomend it for someone looking for fun, interesting, and deep gameplay. Because this is what I was looking for, that is why I overall don't reccomend the game. However, if you feel the first bold reccomendation is more relevant to you, this game might be worth your money.Because I bought this game expecting interesting gameplay, I feel that I wasted the $45 I spent on it in that aspect.I only feel justified in it because my friend enjoys the game and I want to be a good friend and play a game that he enjoys, not necessarily with gameplay that is interesting to me.If you're new to the RTS genre, this game provides an easy transition to the genre through its generally slow-paced gameplay.(And large explosions with a good factor of realism)As for the interface, I don't like the lack of customization they give you for all hotkeys. I would like to see a larger set of customizable hotkeys as well as settings. Also, they should get rid of any sort of camera acceleration while moving the mouse to the edge of the screen. This is an RTS, I need to know what I'm doing when. I know anyone would go insane trying to play any game with a mouse with mouse acceleration. Please get rid of anything like that in your game.These points are things that can easily be fixed and will probably not apply in the future of the game as they change the interface.Last note: As a Starcraft II gamer, I feel out of control of the units themselves because they are so slow and sluggish to control, which leads me to become frustrated at the game at times because I don't feel in control of my own actions. I'm sure the game will change as they move forward, however, nothing big will happen to the gameplay in all likelyhood, so this review should stay relevant to the game even as it grows up."
76561198001170878,Not Recommended,318020,31393177,Posted: 27 April,all,Goldenboy,Such a generic RTS it hurts. Go play Act of war - High treason insted.
76561197964200763,Not Recommended,318020,17872912,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Triarii-Nalessa,"Couldn't get past intro's and first loading screen, went all black on me.Apprently it's been a known issue since beta, finding results as far as 4-5 months back but no solutions to be found anywhere.Epic fail rating from me for not fixing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ despite it being a known issue"
,Not Recommended,318020,17879355,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,djosiahb,"I  can't even play the game, I spent time and money to get this game and download it and all I get is this ""Access Violation"".The developer don't seem to be responding to the problem either? WTF?"
,Not Recommended,318020,17869440,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Endy,"Far from C&C Feels... This game lacks the unique feel of playable races. Cartel, us army, and chimera lack the stand out models we are so use to experiencing with other great RTS's like C&C, SC2 etc.The game lacks strategy. unit grouping is poor. Voice acting and in-game music is just terrible. Bad base models and animations and much more. Glad for steam refunds because i could tell this game wont last that long."
76561198020052730,Not Recommended,318020,17869403,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mertbozkurt800,"a terrible game, not like 3 before, I bought as I thought like wargame series.. never spend your money.. worthless"
76561198076554577,Not Recommended,318020,17882713,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WildBillAlaska,Is this supposed to be better than Zero Hour?
76561198029614444,Recommended,318020,22905607,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Paladin,good game!
76561197961181274,Recommended,318020,26552650,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Suredeath Hellman,"Amazing RTS it's just like Act of War High Treason. Kind of like Command and Conquer Generals but you can capture enemy soldiers for money and keep them in prison areas for generated income. Awesome units and the three factions are even like in Act of War! US Army pretty basic, Chimera kind of specialized units for different situations and you can eventually unlock everything, and then the Cartel which has the most expensive units but really good and if you capture prisoners you become unstoppable!"
,Not Recommended,318020,18967465,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,aszkickr,It's very bad guys... very bad... the gameplay is VERY VERY slow... not very redeeming...
76561198002795727,Not Recommended,318020,19152582,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dumptruck,This game is great. Unfortunately it crashes constantly.
76561197979521051,Not Recommended,318020,18154394,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MarketPlacePanic!,Crashes like crazy on some maps.....could have been a great game not woth $44.00 bucks Hell NO!
,Recommended,318020,19370370,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Foxer,It's a fun game
76561198009171502,Not Recommended,318020,20944938,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,james,"I love the concept of this game, but since I bought it I have yet to get very far into any game until it give a ""lost connection with server"" error and dumps the game. First of, I would like to be able to play off line from time to time. Secondly, what use is it to have a game that constantly crashes. Best to avoid till they fix it!"
76561197962472556,Not Recommended,318020,17932934,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,retard,"Sadly this is a no for me. I love CnC, and a love act of war, but this feels, I dont know half finished?The big thing for me is the 0.5 delay from click and the units to react.... I refunded my game."
76561198043871267,Not Recommended,318020,18281139,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[-NoE-] REX3446,"FOR THE 8TH TIME, I HAVE WAISTED AN HOUR GETTING A FORCE READY TO HAVE  A BATTLE, ONLY TO LOSE CONNECTION WHEN WE START FIGHTING. EVERY SINGLE MATCH I HAVE LOST CONNECTION, ITS NOT MY INTERNET, THAT IS FINE. ITS THE BLOODY SERVERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,318020,18435906,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dolbaeb pusher,"There are not many games that make me vomit with disgust over how terrible and uninspired they are, most usually have some good aspects to them though. This however is just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible."
76561197960526073,Not Recommended,318020,18211056,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Golden Eagle,This game is way too frustrating because of the micro management of resources. Not fun and this game is nothing like a classic C&C game. Not recommending this game.
76561198087651931,Recommended,318020,29794437,Posted: 8 February,all,Derengeoff,its good
76561198091205305,Recommended,318020,22656512,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,hill.chris1993.ch,"Well its fun and very challenging, the AI is aggressive."
76561198021368559,Not Recommended,318020,17975248,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,lee.c,big pile of rubbish i ever seen yet! an easy enemy acts more like a hard enemy with difficulty?????????????  i mean where do these people come from who made this (EASY KEY WORD EASY!) its a rubbish and ruinned comand and conquer wana be do not buy this rubbish!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its not playable a.i is just unrealistic and even when you team up the other side doesnt back you up when being attacked they need to tone down the a.i attacks on easy plus the cartel recon helicopter looks it as been put together by a 3 year old!
76561198185470173,Not Recommended,318020,17958786,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,anaerobic1,"It's skinned just like C&C Generals, and is garbage compared to that game.  Reviewers like Rock/Paper/Shotgun tried to make it sound like a better version of Generals; turns out that was all garbage."
76561198002700062,Not Recommended,318020,18052463,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Trumblonie,"This game isn't bad for a mid-late beta. Unfortunately, a lot of polish and fine tuning is missing."
76561198031040306,Not Recommended,318020,20039677,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,brenfoot,Expected wargameGot Ruse without the ruse
,Recommended,318020,22924148,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,The Outsider,like C&C but without the generals
76561198085455728,Recommended,318020,22927936,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mr Castrol,Thsi is C & C new age reskinned :D
,Not Recommended,318020,17967264,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Phobia,"Not even fun, no magma either, no dwarfs and no elephants."
76561198140491868,Not Recommended,318020,17921292,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,UndeadSloth,"Disclaimer: I only played this game for about a half hourNot impressed with this game at all. I generally play massive skirmishes with the AI in games like this. There was no tutorial mission, so I was forced to try the campaign in hopes of a tutorial. Controls feel very clunky. Wasn't impressed with the HUD either. Didn't seem very polished.Also a bit confused with the graphics. I run a GTX 780ti with intel i7 4770k so I cranked all of the video settings to max. This game is brand new and is listed for 45 bucks, and my GPU got pretty warm after only a minuite or two. So with all of that in mind, you would expect stellar visual quality. Well this game will not match your expectations.Again, I'll say that I only played this for 30-45 minutes, but I was far from impressed. Buy Supreme Commander 2. Much better game"
,Not Recommended,318020,17871421,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,spybaz,Cannot assign cursor keys to camera controls (or anything for that matter).Cannot reassign spacebar to anything.Cannot pitch camera.I'm getting a refund.This is 2015 for God's sake.
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,318020,18041266,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"This game tries so very, very hard to be Generals. Alas, it fails quite miserably. I will review it in terms of single player and skirmish, I don't play strategy games multiplayer, it is invariably a bad experience no matter the game.Single player is a write off. Voice acting is literally the worst I have ever experienced in a strategy game and not a ""so bad it's good kind of way"". It doesn't try to go for campy acting, it tries serious and fails even harder. The missions themselves are either boring or full of ""gotcha, you going to have to repeat this part"" moments where you are unlikely to succeed the first time. That is because the enemy will use overwhelming force in one point and you are unlikely to win unless you have exactly the right unit mixture in exactly the right place when the scripted event happens. There is also an evacuation mission where the enemy fire multiple superweapons at you and you don't even have a counter at that point in time, you instead have to evacuate, this is a strategy game equivalent of an ""escort vip mission"", lame beyond compare.Skirmish is just average, all the ingredients to make a good RTS are here, you got your ""Rock, Paper, Scissors"" unit interactions, you got some decent maps, you have to manage 3 resources and upgrade trees. But something is missing, the game has no soul. I will say this: the graphics are nice and it's relatively glitch free, but while I spent hundreds of hours in Generals, I can't see myself reaching even 20 in this."
76561197999782414,Not Recommended,318020,20797506,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,leeroy jenkemmms,"After getting 38% helpfulness on my review I decided to give it a REBOOT.If i could Go back in time to tell mself if I should buy this or not, I would say wait for the next big update but that might not be enough to save this. Prehaps I will add more later but that basically explains it. The reviews are based. Just. Unbiased etc etc. Mixed is about right.."
76561198142921026,Not Recommended,318020,17863165,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,armyrakkasan,"Act Of Aggression. Or Aggrivation? The map zooms out to satilite mode far too early, I cant even have my entire base within frame at the sametime before it swtiches. Unit upgrades to not apply to already produced units. Maps are uncreative and create more of a ""Battle Arena"" feel than engaging an opponent on an actual ""Battlefield"". The maps are not dynamic or natural, the feel is very superficial and scripted. Even the base locations are usually directly across from one another. As for the models, they are admirable in there detail, but the fire sequence for the units which produce a thick unrealistic cartooney tracer round that just looks like a flying blip of pixels towards the target is just, why would you even put that in? Include a good muzzle flare and recoil amonst the unit but if you cant get a tracer to look like anything but a flying ""dash"" shooting across the screen just leave it out, is slows framerates and looks AWFUL, adds to the cartoonish annoyance that this game provides in abundnace. One of the largest issues is that althou E seemed intent on creating many options and upgrades for every faction, unit, and part of unit, there isent necessarily variation in the upgrades themselves. For example as mentioned earlier, having to upgrade each individual unit does not add to the games fun  or appeal. You cant add purposless options for people to click and expect that to be satisfactory as an example of game depth. Its just annoying and adds a redundent level of micromanagment that is not fun or efficiant. The story, although I admit I did not play all the way through is lame, and patchworked, the cinematics are just voice overs with pictures of people flashing at the screen and nonsense nontstop new casts. Look if you want a great example of a modern combat RTS shooter with download COH, and then instal the Modern Combat MOD. Honestly, COH-Modern Combat MOD should have been there template, it has base building, modern units, excellent effects and physics, detail, everything is fantastic, its just unfinished and obviously unofficial as it is a MOD. However, it kicks the **** out of this garbage that E systems churned out. Look I know what there were trying to do, and I was honestly really excited, but bringing back the golden age of RTS from about 10-15 years ago DOES NOT MEAN disregarding all we have learned and applied to RTS games since then, it means taking the foundation of those RTS games and incorporating the lessons weve learned since that time without loosing that golden RTS foundation. But they did not do that, instead they just made a game that for all intents and purposes, looks, plays, and IS an RTS from 10-15 years ago...with no improvements. Again, perfect example of golden age RTS with modern units AND incorperates great improvements from over the years? COH-Modern Combat MOD. Sorry AoA, I had my hopes REALLY high, and REALLY wanted to like this game, but its cartoony and lame. Sorry"
76561198029922352,Not Recommended,318020,17882398,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ØLEN,"As a RTS gamer playing AoE, EE2, CnC3 and the failed reboot of CnC, I do not approve of this game.The gamepace is too slow, not enough micromanging, and literally dying of boredom.♥♥♥♥♥♥game overall"
76561197998013976,Not Recommended,318020,19261217,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,nomadrider,"Stay away. Online is dead, Single player campaign is bad. No tutorials, Just here you go figure it out. infantry in buildings are gods, infantry in what should be heavy cover die if someone looks at them mean.  No in between. 2006 graphics and weak campaign plus dead online = stay away"
76561198068778431,Not Recommended,318020,31914765,Posted: 23 May,all,USAFboomer,I would have expected better from eugen. Not worth the money.
76561198140172120,Not Recommended,318020,28883369,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hendrickchaz,ONE WORD BOOOOORRRRRRINNNGGGGGG
76561197967369917,Not Recommended,318020,17869014,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Aetheogh,"This game even good, is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...  AI is impossible to defeat during solo missions, AI HAS INFINITE RESOURCES while the player runs out of resources and gets defeated by the AI..Waste of money..."
,Not Recommended,318020,18776764,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pwnzorsoosag,"First started it up, I ebayed a few items that I never used so I could buy it. Sadly, It was nothing that I expected from the launch trailer. Poor graphics, HARDLY even a story, the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I own all 3 wargame series and I LOVED THEM. This is a dissapointment Eugen, you should just go back to Making the classical wargame that is craved by us fans."
76561197964866568,Not Recommended,318020,18101627,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"A game that DID try very hard, but it's just not for me...I loved CnC, Starcraft, Red Alert, Total Annihilation, SupCom, Earth series and some more obscure RTS titles, but this just doesn't do it for me.I dislike the resources, units, interface, everything... Not saying it is a BAD game... I just feel like everything is slightly wrong.""Try it yourself"" is the best recommendation I could give it. I tried during beta, I tried the finished product... I'm done."
76561198173353805,Not Recommended,318020,18112798,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ohana,this game is boring/ i really want my 40 $ .is there a way to get back my money?
,Recommended,318020,22984201,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,loers,like it so far
,Not Recommended,318020,20949493,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Himmuguegeli,The Company „Eugen“ usually develops quiet authentic and more realistic games like Wargame. This game isn´t bad but it’s far from being as big as the StarCraft franchise and with it it´s just another sand corn inside a desert. Why should you buy this game then? Maybe if you like theme but I can´t really speak for it because you feel that the dev´s are not used to this franchise and it´s not even close to my taste.
,Recommended,318020,18946806,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,great game for a great PC
76561198145176906,Recommended,318020,22985984,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,davidththird,I had a fun time sitting in the corner of the map and bombarding the enemy base when I found them
76561197970683732,Not Recommended,318020,21659994,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,W+M1,"Very poor game.Takes everything that's good about the previous games (Wargame:XX) and throws them away, leaving only the crap behind.One to avoid."
76561198160770604,Not Recommended,318020,18008476,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,dodds.matthew,"I just purchased this game, I can't even start it up without it crashing."
,Not Recommended,318020,19929344,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wraeuk,"Sorta feels like a decent Generals mod... which is to say it's actually worse than the original ""Act of War"""
,Not Recommended,318020,18064126,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Reliant39,"Eugen Systems make interesting RTS games. I've played RUSE (which I really like), Wargame: AirLand Battle (which I didn't really spend a lot of time with as it sort of bounced off me), and dabbled in Act of War. I didn't much like Act of War. It was very similar to Command & Conquer: Generals (set in the near future), except it came off as a cheap knock-off. As a result, I wasn't particularly interested in Act of Aggression, which was billed as the spiritual successor to Act of War (the name couldn't be used due to intellectual property shennanigans).Nevertheless, I looked at videos and read some early reports from players that seemed to indicate that the game was fun. At least, a new base building RTS! (If you ignore Grey Goo, which is superior in every way and an excellent RTS.) However, playing the game one thing became obvious to me: it isn't any fun. A game in the mould of Command & Conquer should be flashy and exciting and fun, bit this game is just dull. So very, very dull. Your samey units move through an uninteresting world, defending spots where you harvest one of three key resources, each colour-coded for your convenience (gold, blue, and red).There are probably nuances at work that I didn't get in the less than 2 hours that I played before requesting a refund. But if a game isn't instantly enjoyable, what good is it? Why spend hours and hours engaged in something that you don't like? Reading reviews that are slowly coming in and listening to podcasts (such as a recent Three Moves Ahead podcast), it seems like I'm not the only one. Act of Aggression is serviceable, but unremarkable, and it comes off as dull. Why play this when there are so many other, better options around?"
,Not Recommended,318020,18027504,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,"Northern Watch, Night Hunter",Not what I expected to be an RTS game.7/10 though
76561198031858252,Not Recommended,318020,18158941,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,(NOVA) The Rock,So Many Crashes .. Wait until they are fully fixed
76561198036666426,Not Recommended,318020,18178347,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,sizzlemon,Play supreme commander instead
76561198185058441,Not Recommended,318020,17950970,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DaveTheRave,This is like a wacky bootleg version of Modern Warfare meets Starcraft.
,Not Recommended,318020,17916090,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Syvyvn,"Very much a throwback to the older RTS's that I grew up with. Pretty fun but it's just not polished enough for the pricetag. Other RTS's at this price level will offer more depth and replay value. Maps are fairly small and don't change much from map to map. The strategy feels pretty dull, just like the old school RTS's though lol. All in all I may buy back in when it hits $20 for the skirmishes but there are other RTS's that offer more fun for this price."
76561198035774392,Not Recommended,318020,17906152,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mick,"Now before you flag this, or consider spamming hate messages as I know some people do, consider reading why I ""CURRENTLY"" do not recommend this game. Now yes, I only have two hours on this game, but two hours can be enough to tell that this is not a spiritual sucessor to CnC. It is also enough to find numerours game-braking bugs such as lack of saving for graphics conifugration(anyone else getting it? Where everythime a message comes up saying configurations didn't save).The gmae does offer traditional RTS base-building resource extraction and map control, however the mechanics in the game and functions of the UI, units etc....limit it's potential.1. The Road system where vehicles take that direct route without consent(add a button pehaps)can mess up strategies and potential operatinos if you know what I mean(not sexual, like seriously guys).2. Unit Pathfinding which goes loop in loop with the Road system.3. The UI offers a luck-luster amount of info. No storage caps, no income amounts, structures are a hassle to identify because of smaller print and longer names.4. Units seem to target only one unit and overkill with, while if they had focused on seperate ones they would have won the battle.5. Delays in orders, as in when you click a move order a few, 1-2 seconds later they then move._________The campaign is not great, and that might turn many people down as not everyone drools over multiplayer. This will most likely not be fixed and that makes it dissapointing(This hampers this game from being considered spiritual sucessor of CnC. If I would speak under more open tone, I would say the devs half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it). The AI are good however, so skirmishes are great.Fix those five bugs and other ones I may have forgotten and the game is a solid recomendation. I'll update this after a few more patches."
76561197994799772,Not Recommended,318020,24123185,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198016403615,Not Recommended,318020,18021827,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,hugo,"I can only comment on the look of the game, that is what turned me off immediately and ask for a refund.I have a gforce 680 and this game looks absolutely horrible. 2xAA and jagged edges all the way.Not playble unless I set the graphics on medium. And that actually makes the game look older than C&C Generals. I wish I could post screenshots.Soldiers kinda slide all over the ground, and they move very stiff and static. they don't really walk. The UI and HUD seem to be designed by an engineer."
76561197991273070,Recommended,318020,17849555,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,uaelord,amazing
76561198048578255,Not Recommended,318020,25460830,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,leonardo.frans,"The games doesnt work at all, as it keeps showing error messages whenever i try to play. Please solve the problem or i demand a refund !!!!"
76561198111615444,Not Recommended,318020,17885553,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,CracknutEddi,buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥game wait
,Not Recommended,318020,17947277,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Breuert,"Nice game, when the balance would have been better, and some sort of matchmaking system.When I started to collect resources the enemy would have shot the sh*t out of me already with tanks and choppers.And too many cheaters."
76561198033883495,Recommended,318020,25048101,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,@JonathanYoung2010,GREAT game... very mutch lick C&C
76561198045697016,Not Recommended,318020,17853469,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FortressFinal,"One of the most infuriating games I have ever played.No micromanagment, Terrible camera, Lack of strategy. Essentially whoever has the most units wins. I have frequently lost to someone who just rushed the most basic unit while i have much more advanced ones.Would not reccomend to my worst enemy."
76561198091867802,Not Recommended,318020,17925245,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,凤舞九天,This game is mindless and boring. Can't even stand this ♥♥♥♥ for a hour thats how ♥♥♥♥ing bad it is. Trash comparing to Wargames. COH made in 07 is better then this mindless crap.
76561198180784053,Not Recommended,318020,20590251,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Khalod,one of worse RTS game i ever played i have units of 40 tanks all of them destroyed in 1 second or helicopters & planes is to easy to destroy.
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,318020,17868790,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ryvucz,"If you love micromanaging at a fast pace, this game is for you. Refineries are required to be in proximity of resource nodes, you MUST stack certain buildings close to eachother at first, making all of it an ideal target for instant destruction.As for being a spiritual successor of C&C Generals, it is not. You would have buildings that supply you with resources in your base in C&C Generals, versus Act of Aggression having to go out looking for them and then comitting more resources to build near the refinery to protect it."
76561197975184048,Recommended,318020,20927090,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JT..,fucj you steam i just payed 50 for this now you 1/2 price it
76561198057697246,Not Recommended,318020,22078291,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,thesevenday,crash carsh crash ````````````````````10times crash 1 time in gamewhat a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198029916319,Recommended,318020,23104609,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DaMnRiGhT,Nuked USA. 10/10 would nuke again.
76561198015711075,Not Recommended,318020,21945327,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Faux_Grey,Wanted C&C Generals with better graphics and netplay.The only thing that was similar to Generals was the font on the loading screens.Got some weird other thing instead with a horribly different and convoluted building and resource system.Don't waste your money.
76561198138451875,Not Recommended,318020,17932806,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,✠Shepard2501,"The worst RTS I ever seen, if you have 45$ and got no idea how to spend it,trust me, buy yourself a decent dinner"
,Not Recommended,318020,19385524,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SignedAdam,"Look's nothing like the screen shot, you should expect graphics similar to men of war, with added shadows and lighting, I have a titan x, I also put the settings to max, very disappointed"
76561198033983250,Not Recommended,318020,19577800,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ottoman,"I have see phone games better then this, dont wast your mony on this."
,Recommended,318020,17892216,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Neron,Can i have some shoes?
76561198014750323,Not Recommended,318020,17934597,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,CharlieBrum,total crap
,Not Recommended,318020,20960652,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DEVO,ruse and wargame were much better
76561198041627942,Not Recommended,318020,29751204,Posted: 6 February,all,Piercus1986,"What a pile of crap. Looking for a C&C like game, look somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,318020,18268423,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[NJP] Penile Eruption,This game is nothing like C&C generals I was a die hard C&C fan anyone who says this is a remake with better graphics is a liar.... The hype was real for this game and it was a real let down steam won't even give me my money back for under one hour of play.. I couldn't even force myself to play it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561198053125334,Not Recommended,318020,23716029,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BloodWar27,bleh
76561197966093130,Not Recommended,318020,17920606,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Samurai,Game crashes on startup
76561198031575491,Not Recommended,318020,18942033,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,edinnybih75,Cannot get sound to work on game!!!!  All drivers up to date! Re-installed multiple times and no help from support! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND PATIENCE!!
76561197994729886,Recommended,318020,22663284,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AiDec,.
76561197962678832,Recommended,318020,23074343,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Naserve,I liked it
76561198007403402,Not Recommended,318020,17854247,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,reactiondk,"I must say, I am disapointed about the game.The voice acting is terrible.The graphics is terrible.The gameplay is hardly average RTS.The music is terrible.The story-line in the campaign is terrible.The missions are not very good.The cut-scenes/videoscenes are pretty bad.It does not even come close to gameplay and graphic quality of Company of Heroes 2.The game is not priced far from a top game (or AAA game), but it is far from the quality of one.It feels like some guys looked at the market and observed, that there is a lack of RTS and made this game in a hurry. Don't expect much from this game. It is like playing a very old RTS (like 5-6 years old). It even crashed after 76 minutes of gameplay.My overall grade would be like 5/10. Very average, if not below average.Especially considered the high price. I got hyped up quickly and bought the game full price, which I would know admit to be a mistake. I would rather buy it on sale and have alittle fun with it a few hours. I would rather play a real AAA game for a bit higher price, and play this game, when I have played through the AAA games."
76561198039479105,Not Recommended,318020,20933584,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Tirasangue,"A very big letdown for me. I was looking forward to this game even before it released, i am a fan of RTS and yet it managed to let me down, deserves to be in the top 10 of 2015's game letdowns."
76561198074409378,Not Recommended,318020,22445405,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,avstriez,strange
76561198009512978,Not Recommended,318020,22028276,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Captain Metal,"Out of one garbage can and into another.Dead game, dont even bother, not even with this 'Reboot' version.Despite 'Rebooting' the game, Eugen still hasnt got it. Splitting an already small community wasnt a good idea. Practically dead playerbase now.Barely any matchmaking, 1v1 only really. Want anything else? Maybe up to 4v4? Sit in custom lobbies for about an hour.Blatant refusal to nerf Terminators, the most spammable, op tank since the base game released.Started with 3 different resource types, now theres only one.Campaign isnt any better.Go buy Total Annihilation on steam instead, you'll have more fun with that compared to this unbalanced dead crap."
76561198053061255,Not Recommended,318020,18839368,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Guri,So far the worst game I had bought on Steam.
,Not Recommended,318020,17926022,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bevroren Water,Looks fun at the start but isn't really that good of a game
76561198024396649,Not Recommended,318020,22623575,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TristanD79 (DJ StankDaddy),"It's astonishing how bad this game is. I never new an RTS could be made to be this boring. I don't need to go in depth, as it can all be summed up easily; an overpriced boring game with literally no strengths."
76561198040766954,Recommended,318020,20738821,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Master splinter no!,"READY TO POUND,SIR!"
,Not Recommended,318020,17927301,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,♣♠Tapsu♠♣,"Edit: this review came four hours after release. Somepoints that I mention here are now invalid!My friend seems to be enjoying this game, mainly becourse he is RTS maniac.I have played this game for like 3 hours, and my expirience hasn't been the best. I explain why.I am also speaking in a student perspective, a student who has BELOW average student income per month. So naturally I don't have a lot to throw on games.First the multiplayer is dead brutal on new comers.Second the tutorial is formed a campaing, and in this case the tutorial is too long, WAYYYY too long.third is multiplayer imbalance.Fourth it's basically over priced RTS, lack of features. It should have 5 factions mininum at this price. BUT NO! 3!and the userinterface can be akward sometimes.in the scale of 4-10, I'll give it 6"
76561198203909644,Not Recommended,318020,29966570,Posted: 16 February,all,W1NTER_SOLD1ER,"Boring, Plain, Bland, Vanilla. Copy and paste of C&C"
,Recommended,318020,20856059,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mashalalali,👍
,Recommended,318020,32071588,Posted: 30 May,all,Warhammer 40K,can u all add more map???
76561198002676388,Not Recommended,318020,17852039,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Darakon,Feels really dry
,Recommended,318020,34826855,Posted: 8 September,all,Ch4ffon,"／ii.（;;;;）.i（; ;　｀／´／　 ｀~´／　 ／／　 ／／　 ／／　 ／／　 ／／(__∠／.∠__／Л､==ﾆﾆ(･)|＿__|（０）.,(／c／ 　／ ／⌒ヽii 　　　の_|!!､ﾉ_'ic／＿／＿（　＾ω＾） BU-N!__,,,ｲ'-'',''へ''''γ()()λ､""ﾞヽ　　　　　　　ﾞヽ====.ﾞヽ､γ()()λ`',,/_,,,,＿,.,＿_､＼　　　.ﾞﾍー―――――'　、　　　　`ヽ　　 .`ヾ、i""""''',ｰ-‐""　ﾞﾞﾞﾍ,,　　　 ,ﾍｖ====================vﾄ　　　　ﾍヽ.ﾄ､ ,､．．.， |　 .ﾞ!-----..! 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　,ﾞ""り.-----.!）〔 | lﾞ |　|　.|　 /ｰ---;.iﾞ　　　　　＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿_ﾉ,-ﾆﾆﾞ,/｀-------　 ﾉ___~ｰ,、_ﾞl │ .ヽﾍﾆﾆﾞ/￣""ﾞ√￣　　　;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;､／-ﾆﾆシ'""　 `ﾞﾞ二二二""'''''''''''''"",,,,,,,―-.　　　 ~‐rｖｨ二二ン′　　　　　　‘“''冖''･―+--ィﾆ ﾆﾆ／｀　''ﾆﾆﾆﾆ''―丶｀~ﾞﾞﾆ,,,,,,""'''''‐　,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,__ .'''''￢ｰﾆ＿''''''''ﾆ￢―ｰ、　 .,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ﾆﾆ""''''''''''""ー---,,,,,,,￣′ ー---､.,,　　　ﾞﾞ,,,＿,＿＿_. ￣￣ﾞﾞ""　　　 ー----"
,Not Recommended,318020,25832193,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Abuata,crashed. 0/10. ♥♥♥♥ video games and ♥♥♥♥ valve.
,Not Recommended,318020,20671041,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mazzaq,Not good
76561197985499426,Not Recommended,318020,17850354,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,kapautz,A major thing to consider before purchase: You can only customize a few unimportant hotkeys!Killer argument for anyone who used to play StarCraft or AOE.
76561198034575181,Not Recommended,318020,20636668,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tank_it54,Garbage
,Not Recommended,318020,17857286,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Nobody,uuuughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. at least steam refunds exist now.
76561198023030705,Not Recommended,318020,32574729,Posted: 19 June,all,katmos.pie,"The game is not very good at all. resources end up fast, and units are too expensive. For theese money, pick another game."
76561198012158845,Not Recommended,318020,22952526,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,II  jErK  II,CLUNK CLANK CLUNKITY CLANK CLINK CLUNK CLANK!
76561198027589431,Not Recommended,318020,30094626,Posted: 21 February,all,brandon,i cant get onlyen it seas i alradelog iut but i dint
76561198198247210,Not Recommended,318020,17854899,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,davidrg,TERRIBLE GAME!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!  i have played this game once and it practiclty broke my computer i had to download software to fix the bugs it game me the game crashes non-stop  DO NOT BUY i have a very fast pc and it still lagged i only played one game.  The game its self is good but THE EVERYTHING ELSE IS BAD.
76561198016983378,Not Recommended,318020,17850085,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BIG SHNEE,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IS WANK!!!
76561197964236416,Recommended,318020,17912370,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Serialbeef,"Very good game, but has a serious lack of players - they need to do a promotion to save the game"
76561198037031546,Not Recommended,318020,17925653,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Panzer 1,"I orginally i posted well and recommend this game, and i  thought highly of this game but for the time its been out not nothing really has changed, theres no skill behind it just who can spam harder and faster then the other player... Do not waste the money on this game invest it in other places or other RTS this was id tell anyone to pass on. Airland battle and Red Dragon were great then this flop ccame out"
,Not Recommended,318020,17885802,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,AwwSkiSkiSki,"I liked this game at first, but the more I played, the more I disliked it.ProsNot too complicatedSeemingly balanced factions.Every unit is pretty much has the rock, paper scissor effect going.Looks decentReminds me of Zero HourCons-AI is impossibly hard, even on easy.-Super weapons are too easily intercepted.-Air support system is bogus, my air support is instantly taken out by AI but theirs causes pin point havok on my guys, One AI airstrike can wipe out your whole massed army.- Artillery Friendly Fire. An enemy has to be right ontop of you before its revealed. Once spotted your artillery will fire from a VERY long distance and destroy the enemy... Which you don't see until its right on top of you. So they infact detroy your entire company of tanks in teh barrage. Or your spotters or whatever you got going on.-The lobby chat is full of rascist BS,"
76561198007060085,Recommended,318020,20019860,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MeisterGatts(Qc),"I haven't played much the campaign yet; I've done the first three mission and then went on doing skirmishes against cpus and such. Bought the game to quench my thirst for a C&C replacement. So far I've played US and Chimera so my review ain't complete but i really like the game style. Unlike C&C you can't just spam 1 type of unit and hope to win, like I've discovered at my expanse :PPros:-Tech trees are different for each faction(i do believe since i haven'T played cartel yet)-There seems to be a counter unit for every type of unit-Fast pace combat although somewhat laggey sometime but it can also be just my computer-Ressources available through the capture of ennemy unitCons:-Ressources limited and rapidly depleted-Skirmish map are a bit empty of useful stuff i.e.: Cars, cars and ... CARS!!!It's a good game that i'd give 7.5/10 and I'm wondering if I'm not to critical...but I'm glad I waited for a special"
76561198011992606,Recommended,318020,17940543,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Helpless,"Edit: This game has improved greatly (in my humble opinion) from launch. Although the over simplified reboot edition might make some hardcore fans cringe at the sight of it. I actually think it adds a nice flexibility to the game, whether you are a hardcore AOA fan or someone who was hoping that this game will be the next C&C. This game is sure to satisfy your need.Verdict: 8/10 With some tweaking it can actually become the next C&C"
76561198056433752,Recommended,318020,19381579,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Themanpile,"its a okay game, but C&C is a much better strategy game in my opinion."
,Recommended,318020,19986932,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Louis Litt =CAW=,"Original ReleaseAct of Aggression is a difficult game to review. There is an element of it which one evaluates with bias, and another element which makes up all generic reviews. The game fails to bring anything substantially new to RTS genre; however it does succeed in achieving a playable game reminiscent of C&C. The campaign is below average. It is not immersive and brings the games single player experience plummeting down. Skirmish is fun. The AI is smart and offers a great challenge.Even though multiplayer would appear to be upon first glance a winning factor, which would make up for all of its previous faults mentioned, it brilliantly fails to provide anything of substance. This is due to a scarcity of servers and players. I live in Australia and there are basically no servers to play on as of now. You will be lucky to find one, and even then they will probably kick you. So, you’re buying it for Skirmish. Nothing wrong with that, it’s actually a fun game over all. All this means is you shouldn't spend over $26. I can’t recommend this game for anything else other than solo skirmish.REBOOT release (An overhaul of the game by developers)The newest version of ACT OF AGGRESSION is a huge improvement. The most important and visible component of the game overhauled was its economy. Instead of THREE resources being used for unit/building development, it has been all merged under the resource “money”. This changes things significantly. There are fewer resource deposits, oil being the only resource. It means players will have to secure parts of the map with oil to secure a steady flow of income. There are no more construction limits, you can build where ever. No more needless time wasted spending money to construct stock houses. It also has indirectly made cheaper units like infantry and light vehicles a viable alternative because of the rate money flows. Too further explain my point:In the previous version, cheap infantry would cost money and require oil extraction. Heavy vehicles would require maybe aluminium or rare materials. Sometimes the cost would have several resources or just the one. This essentially meant a player would be purchasing some units with a different financial balance. Of course, if the player had deficiencies in resources they would not use units requiring that deficient resource. Hence, acquiring better resources for better units inevitably made many of the other lower tier units redundant.The new system means there is only one balance, and that’s the only balance you will use at any one given time. In accordance with building purchases and upgrades, players will have less of a consumerist mentality when purchasing units.The changes are quite substantial on gameplay. However, ACT OF AGGRESSION is very much the same game from release, even with the overhaul. They are not changing the game entirely, and to be honest you don’t expect them to. Eugen really is a gaming company for the people. It’s commendable of Eugen going back to the drawing board and improving their game. They didn’t have to but they did. The changes they made were certainly C&C inspired.I would still recommend this game for $26 or less."
76561198034572564,Not Recommended,318020,18113654,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Spriggantom,"The Gameplay is  too overcrowded. Winning can be mostly accieved only by building massive Armys. Strategic and tactical options are a joke. If you think you will buy another ""act of war"", DO NOT BUY. It's not comparable and absolutly not reccomended for RTSG starters."
76561198248483262,Not Recommended,318020,28278095,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Centraldread,This game was good when it first came out but the community sucks now. No one plays anymore so it can take forever to find a game. When you do play a game people tell you to leave if your not good. I cant recomend this game as it is.
,Recommended,318020,17951193,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Chronos,"I can see how a lot of people would really enjoy this game. It ticks a lot of the boxes to be a really solid RTS. It's a lot like Command and Conquer: Generals as many have said, although I strongly disagree that it's the spiritual successor.I absolutely love the C&C series. Generals was fantastic, and I always wished for a new one. After trying for many hours to get into this game and enjoy it, and telling myself ""It's like a new Generals!"" I just can't play it anymore. I don't find it fun at all. It's one of those games that looks decent graphically, and sounds like what you want, but then you play it and simply find yourself not having any fun. It's extremely bland, has no personality, and just feels like a really generic RTS.It does some things a little differently from Command and Conquer, and for me personally, each of these differences is for the worse. I find the UI to be clunky, cumbersome and ugly. The units and buildings seem to be somewhat realistic in size, which sounds great, but in practice it means infantry are more or less little specks on the map, and vehicles are so small you can hardly enjoy their visuals and see what makes them visually unique, unlike most other RTS games and especially Generals. I have to scroll way in, and when I do, everything looks surprisingly awesome as far as detail, much more than I'm used to in an RTS. But it doesn't matter, because no one plays zoomed in near ground level, so you'll never see any of it.In the end, this isn't by any means a bad game. You might really enjoy it, as many do. I can see why people do. But personally, for me, this is just a bland, generic, incredibly un-fun version of Generals.UPDATE:After having played the Reboot of the game, I've changed my review to recommend the game. I wrote this game off after I played it, and haven't touched it since release. I heard they were launching a Reboot of the game by tweaking and changing numerous aspects of the gameplay based on user feedback. They've simplified the gameplay by making there be a single currency, base construction is now done via construction units (like many RTS games), while upgrades are found on their respective buildings. These changes alone may not sound like much, but they significantly impact the feel of the game, and the intuitiveness of the UI.Although there's still room for improvement, and I wouldn't yet classify this as on the same level of classics like C&C, the numerous changes they've made add up to- for me- a vastly more enjoyable game, and one I'd recommend checking out. In an age of early access scams, lazy development, and games that are abandoned after the money is made, the developers continuing commitment to this game is impressive. After taking heavy criticism (from people like me), rather than pack up and jump ship after they made their money, they listened to the criticism and continued to work on the game and improve it based on what people wanted.This kind of approach to game development is sorely missed today, and I have a huge amount of respect to the devs for it. I, and plenty others, played it, didn't like it, and shelved it. The devs listened, and cared enough to put effort into making the game fun for those who bought it and invited them to come back and give it a try. Well, it paid off. I came back and gave it a try, had a lot of fun, and have changed my review to a positive recommendation. Even if it may or may not be among the best of all time (yet), if you're looking for a fun new, modern day RTS, the new Act of Aggression is a safe bet, and worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,318020,19873850,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KrisIsHidden,"Edit:The game was such an amazing game when it first came out, but yes as everyone is saying no support and poor optimization have made it a lost cause. The developers abandoned the game.2/10 for memories."
,Not Recommended,318020,17850600,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sexy Solaire,"Having come back to the game, and playing a decent amount of the Reboot Edition (Mostly comp stomps, not a big PvP fan), this game is mostly hit and miss. They've restrained each faction into a certain playstyle. Chimera are really only worth playing for infantry, Cartel are espionage/misc., and US Army is mostly Abrams. I used to not understand why this game would get downvotes, but the fact is that the game grew into itself. The developers, probably rightly concerned with how people would judge the mechanics of the game, chose to go back a step instead of broaden playstyles. The Reboot Edition really didn't do anything to make the game more fun, just made it easier to spam exo-suit infantry or massive tanks. Each faction is now just trying to make the most money the fastest, and spamming the strongest units. Maybe that's all Starcraft 2 really is in the end, but at least that game has enough artistic style to justify the amount of money this will cost you. If you're getting this on a deep sale, have fun, try new things. But if you are looking at this hoping for a new C&C, trust me, I've wasted enough time to know there are better things out there. Just don't let yourself be fooled by the fancy graphics, this is really no more advanced or fun than C&C Generals, which is 14 years old by now."
,Recommended,318020,31306584,Posted: 22 April,all,jcFIG,The Reboot edition runs fine and then craps out on me and I have a Titan Black with 6gb of video memory. What gives seriously?
76561198036343622,Recommended,318020,18098972,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,GALANTIS,"First off, If you played the Act of War games and enjoyed it then you will definitely Enjoy this. This game brings back alot of the gameplay mechanics of the AoW games which is also comparable to the command and conquer series of games.Bear in mind though, that if you are looking for the next command and conquer generals then this is not it.However, it is still an RTS, with amazing graphics and visual effects.Gameplay includes mineable resources, plenty of buildable structures which include defenses and superweapons, A wide variety of infantry, light vehicles, tanks, artillery, aircrafts among others. Gameplay mechanics include of course the traditional control groupings, unique vehicle/road pathing, being able to issue commands such as unit formations, indirect artillery fire, airstrikes and moreAll these combine to make a very modern (maybe even futuristic) and reallistic battle experienceOh and btw, Do check your pc specs and compare it to the required specs of the game. I however strongly do not recommend this game if your pc is not up to the task,we all know that performance would be terrible and gameplay would be really sluggish and you'd just regret buying this game and probably refund it if you're quick enough."
76561198015607949,Recommended,318020,31220933,Posted: 18 April,all,Longbow2k9,Good game
76561198005656582,Recommended,318020,17956537,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Tsanoc,"***EDIT***  :)I certainly like the reboot better, but the game is still an awkward congolomeration of game design.  Certainly worth picking up but I don't expect it to be one of my go-to titles.  Regardless, the effort by Eugen Systems alone earns some support and i will be watching for their next title.***ORIGINAL***  :(If you want a game that combines the worst mechanics of 'classic' RTS with the shiny, fx filled, incomplete art of today's games then this is the title for you."
76561198133153221,Recommended,318020,17931167,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dilsta,"This game was fun but the community isn't big enough to enjoy online play, lets get some people up in here"
76561198014680171,Recommended,318020,19397657,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pathea,10/10 fun game
76561198008984856,Not Recommended,318020,17852359,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Big Mike,"Orginally i wrote a positive review, but now the dev's abandoned the game and just gave a bandaid fix i cant reccomend it. had potential but devs gave up :("
76561198160099990,Recommended,318020,23014339,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Shoot,i like it
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,318020,21754037,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,Why because the developers ran away like victims of a car accident who were really in the wrong.No Map editorNo Custom mapsThe standard maps get ordinary fast
76561198006807083,Not Recommended,318020,35142925,Posted: 22 September,all,GADefence,"Felt let down, didn't even finish the campaign.No fun, feels like an old RTS from the early 2000's, but without all the upsides those have (ex: Fun). This is basically play act of war: high treason, but remove all the fun from it, make the defenses more op, and make the maps more clausterphobically small."
76561197992342107,Not Recommended,318020,17849736,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Muffi,5.5/10
76561198100835330,Recommended,318020,35035504,Posted: 17 September,all,spleenshark,Overlooked skirmish and multiplayer RTS gem.
76561198216042380,Not Recommended,318020,35474534,Posted: 4 October,all,mushuiniao408,"Terrible game play experience , dosen`t worth the prise."
76561198144848360,Recommended,318020,35496799,Posted: 5 October,all,Scharlach,"It's a very fun and good-looking game, with many nice combat and recourse-gathering mechanics. It has its flaws, of course, but none are really game-breaking. The single-player campaign is not very good but skirmishes against the AI are very enjoyable, and you can even get a multiplayer game once in a while. I think it's worth getting on sale."
