user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,318230,19466089,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Drury,"Here comes another FTL comparison review. I just have to do it because reading the other ones is painful.I keep reading these reviews where people say the combat is easy or that there is no depth to it and I just have to wonder how far they've managed to get.Because if you just order your vehicles to fire at random cars without giving it a second thought, you get shredded rather quite quickly about midgame, no matter how powerful weapons you might have.So yes - let me start off with - the meat of the game, the combat. Let's imagine FTL-like is a genre, then this definitely fits in that genre. However, to make an FPS analogy, this is to more of a Battlefield to FTL's Team Fortress. The two games are undeniably similar in their mechanics, but the way you play them is completely different.Let's take a step back now - what makes an FTL-like game here? Take a strategy/tactics game where you have control of a large variety of game mechanics at once, with the ability to pause at any time without penalties to reasonably micromanage everything. You do that in FTL, you do that in Convoy. What you do is different in both games.FTL ""overwhelms"" you with it's combat mechanics. You are in charge of aiming and firing each weapon, distributing power between all the ship's systems, commanding the ship's whole crew et cetera et cetera. Point is - there is a lot of mechanics to keep a track of. If you had no pause you'd be drowning.Convoy is different. The mechanics are actually deceptively simple and, compared to FTL, much less varied, and this becomes apparent very early on. This is where the ""but you only click at cars and watch"" sentiment comes from. Convoy is complex in different ways, and this only becomes important later on.In Convoy, each battle has you manage your MCV's abilities (weapons and shields) with a long cooldown time. This aspect of the game seems very insignificant at first as your starting MCV only has a stun weapon which, while useful as all hell, doesn't seem that important for newcomers since you can just blast your opponents to bits. Important note: In Convoy, Easy difficulty is actually medium rather than hard as in FTL, which I think is a pretty good idea. Anyway, MCV can't move at all, further emulating FTL behavior. The other vehicles under your control are where the differences really start to kick in. You can order them to move around an imaginary game grid and target their weapons at specific enemies, which is a pretty damn major thing. The whole game is built around the movement aspect and it has a lot of depth to it.Whereas in FTL you want to disable enemy weapons ASAP and then keep pounding them into the ground, in Convoy you can only do so with a stun weapon which you can only target one vehicle at a time with, so you have to strategize which one might be the most troublesome. And even then the stun only lasts so long, so you better focus your vehicles' fire on the sucker and try and take him out before he goes back online. But you can't because your MCV is blocking your vehicles' line of fire, so you have to rotate around it, but you can't because the slimy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s put up guards on each end of the MCV that you have to deal with first. And if you think you can just assign one of your vehicles to each one of them, let me tell you, you can't, you'll get heavily damaged or lose a vehicle. You want to always attack each enemy vehicle with multiple of your own, much like when boarding in FTL.Except unlike FTL there is minelayer way in front and out of your technicals' reach (vehicles can't fire over the whole screen) merrily crapping out stun mines, there are some bloody random wrecks lying around on the road some of which you have freshly created, and you're fighting in a town so there are buildings you can crash into. All of above you have to dodge with each of your vehicles, good luck if you roll over a stun mine just before a bridge pillar, though. Oh, and the vehicles also block each other's line of sight, enemy or foe, thus you always want to build a car wall in front of your target in such a way that each of them can fire freely. Failure to do so results in potentional friendly fire, however most vehicles do not attempt to fire when there is something in the way, resulting in them pretty much being useless at that point in time. Keep in mind friendly fire can still happen with weapons like rockets or cannons. And once you manage to make a nice formation, you have to break it shortly after due to an upcoming bridge, and mobilizing 4 vehicles at once is a fresh artform - and there was actually a way to sneak one of your heavy haulers up to the side of an enemy vehicle and ram it off the road just before the bridge, but you only realize moments too late. It's a constant rush and there are always ways to improve your tactics.As for upgrades, each vehicle has up to 4 item slots and can be upgraded in various ways. Make no mistake, only MCV weapons/utilities have FTL-long charging sequences, and there is no generator or anything like it. You don't need to upgrade your vehicle to use a super heavy plasma cannon. In fact, super heavy plasma cannon doesn't charge slower than a medium plasma cannon, either. It's a straight upgrade. Why would you not buy a super heavy plasma cannon right from the start, then? You can't. In FTL, an earlygame top tier weapon is a naive build and gets you killed, but here it would be gamebreaking, if it was possible. It seems in this game, top tier weapons do the same thing in lategame as crap tier peashooters in earlygame, just with bigger numbers being displayed. How does this even work? It seems it serves mostly to slow you down and try to grind events. I might be getting it wrong, though.In FTL, you are being chased by the rebel army, which serves to set fire to your butthair. What sets that figurative fire here, if anything? Well, there are three unique factions on the map, each controlling a slice of it. These slices grow bigger with time. And the colored hexagons get more intense coloration. Very intense coloration = more random engagements. If you fail to collect all parts and return them to your ship in time, you stand no chance. And there's no upgrading on the go, either, not even equipping weapons you have found - you can only do so at camps, where you also buy stuff, repair and refuel. Finding top tier guns isn't going to be any help unless you manage to find a camp before you get destroyed. At the same time, there is no worry of spending scrap before jumping to store, since you literally can't.When it comes to events, FTL is a joke next to Convoy. The first thing that comes to mind is Fallout 3 vs New Vegas writing. Mechanically, in both games, the events provide fictional scenarios resolved by RNG, with some morals thrown in (being a mean person usually pays off in both). The writing though - in FTL, you randomly deliver parts for traders. In Convoy, you provide taxi service for hitchhikers who range from hippies looking to travel the wastes to dragon slayers looking to, well, kill a dragon (and kill a dragon you will), and you can shoot almost everyone you meet in the face.So in short, how does Convoy compare to FTL? FTL is about forgetting to turn your oxygen back on, Convoy is about driving your cars into hoodoos. FTL is, I would say, more complex, but Convoy is more elegant, it puts everything into the movement which is much more intuitive and yet every bit as tactical, if not more. In terms of content, there is more to FTL, definitely, but to me it just feels that what Convoy offers is better, even if there's less of it. It's very much subjective which you would prefer, which is already quite monumental considering FTL is like, the ultimate game.I realize this is more of an analysis/comparison than a review, but it might be very helpful for coming FTL players which I believe you are if you're still reading this. So you're welcome."
,Recommended,318230,32666583,Posted: 22 June,all,MexPauloPc! ^('.')>,"This is a game for those of you looking for an FTL like game, but with a grittier survival feel. You're Space Ship has Crash landed on this dust planet, and you strike out to find parts to go back to space. With that plot though, the game really takes off with a group of vehicles with various weapons protecting a massive transport. Game is over when Transport is detroyed. I think you should grab this if you like FTL."
,Recommended,318230,16090311,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,zeloft,"This is a lot like FTL. You experience most of the same rogue-like antics, and it's really challenging. If you like FTl or just like Mad Max or even post-apocalyptic games, you will love this."
76561198005852941,Recommended,318230,32816966,Posted: 26 June,all,SynCaine,"I picked up Convoy during the Steam summer sale, because a game you have had your eye on dropping to $3 is kinda hard to pass up. I always see Convoy compared to Faster Than Light (FTL), but for me they feel very different, and not always in a good way.For starters, Convoy gets massive negative points for its locked resolution, which on my ultra-wide screen, makes the playing window about the size of my iPad, resulting in about 75% of my total screen real-estate being black. I get that pixel graphics don't scale up as easily (or at all) as more modern 3D stuff, but come on, at least a few options here?Another issue I have is for a rogue-like, Convoy is pretty shallow on the randomness and replay value. After you beat the game once, or even get pretty far to the end, the next game will feel like a big repeat. Events will mostly be the same, the core quest IS the same, and the number of weapons and vehicles is limited-enough that things never get too crazy. It's also a shame that most of the better vehicles are rewards for successful events, so when you find that event (and in most playthroughs, you will), you are going to want to try and complete it in such a way that you get that reward, ignoring the other options.That said, Convoy is fun for that initial burst, and at such a low price, it's worth it even for the short-term. The combat, where you must position and move your vehicles to take advantage of weapon reach and LoS blocking, is really fun. Pushing a tough enemy off a cliff or into a building is a great feeling, and many of the boss encounters are pretty unique. The weapons, though a bit limited in selection, do function differently and greatly impact your strategy. Your main vehicle being immobile and having a different set of weapons is also a nice touch IMO.As mentioned at the top, to me Convoy doesn't feel like a ground-based FTL, because to me FTL had a lot of replay options, and its main quest forced you to move forward. In Convoy, you can drive around completing all of the side quests at basically your leisure, and tackle the main quest when ready.Finally, Convoy has a lot of its starting options (your main vehicle, your starting companion vehicles) locked, and you must beat the game many times to unlock things, often times in somewhat silly ways (don't shoot the final boss, don't use weapons at all, etc). It's a lot of grinding and back-bending to open up more replayability, and I think this also hurts the game. Give me most of the options after I beat the game once or twice, and I'll be able to experience more of the game in a non-painful way.Convoy is worth grabbing due to its low cost and initial (5-8hrs) burst of fun. If it really clicks for you, you will get more time out of it. If it does, well hey, 5-8hrs for $3 is pretty good, right?"
,Not Recommended,318230,23832080,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kraedy,"I really wanted to enjoy playing Convoy, but the whole game feels a bit flat and I'm finding it hard to recommend it.The idea of the game is really cool. Just like the store page says, it's Mad Max meets FTL. I was immediately sold on the idea of building up a convoy and travelling the wastes scouring for gear and trying to survive. I personally like the aesthetic of the vehicles and the terrain, though the UI is really clunky and cumbersome.Unlike FTL, however, it just lacks any of the unique races, ships, weapons, enemies or playstyles that makes FTL so replayable. It's a really short game, so the lack of replayability is a real deal-breaker I think. I played this for 2.1 hours, and that was enough time to play through the tutorial and then complete the entire game on normal. I didn't lose any cars and found the whole thing extremely easy without much challenge. I could replay the game again on the hardest difficulty, but it doesn't feel like I'm going to see anything new on a second playthrough.There's no sense of urgency and no time limits or escalation to give the ending some inevitability. This is again something FTL does a lot better. The need to flee and move forward in FTL forces you to make decisions and leave behind things you want to explore. In Convoy you can really do everything on the map in one run, so the only decisions are ""do I go to the shop and repair first now, or am I feeling too lazy?""You can customise your convoy a little - finding new cars with different stats/slots, changing their weapons, shields, improving their stats etc. It all just feels a little dull though. None of the weapons feel any different, none of the cars feel any different, none of the upgrades have a noticeable effect except range increases. In FTL the lasers, emp, rockets, mines, beams etc all have very different playstyles. They're good and bad in different situations and the limited amount of space you have really forces you to pick and choose. In Convoy, it's really just a case of collecting the weapons with the best stats and that's kinda it. I was overflowing with all sorts of weapons that I was just selling for scrap since there was never any reason to switch up my loadouts.Travelling around on the map is pretty much identical to the old Fallout games (1 and 2). You just click in the direction you want to go and wait until you arrive there. There's clearly a detailed map of the world laid out with roads, cities, canyons and stuff. But it has so little impact on the game. There's some minor movement speed reductions offroad/on hills, but it's still faster to just ignore all terrain and go in a straight line anywhere. The environments in battles seem to reflect where you are on the map, but it's all cosmetic. There's no noticeable gameplay effects from being in cities vs offroad vs halfway up a mountain. You get quest markers for all your known objectives/side quests, so there's very little reason to explore the map. If you do explore the only things out there are random encounters/events.The battles are the real nitty gritty of the game and where most of the fun is had. You can tactically move cars around your main convoy vehicles and try to take out the enemy cars. It's fairly simple with limited tactical options - move into range, ocassionally move out of the way of walls/AOE attacks. There's really not much more to it than that, unfortunately. Fun enough for a few hours but I suspect it would have gotten a bit dull if the game was any longer. After I got some maxed out heavy vehicles I found it extremely easy to wipe out any enemies with minimal damage to my own vehicles. Even the bosses struggled to make any impact on my convoy.There's 3 different factions in the game but there's so little difference between them mechanically. Some do more damage, some do less damage, some are harder to kill, some die in droves. Kinda just a bit shrug about this - they're highlighted as this big thing by the intro, as well as being on screen the entire time outside of battle, but they don't interact at all. They're a completely passive element of the game unfortunately.Beyond that there's some random text adventure style events and encounters. They generally all result in either you get more stuff or some of your convoy takes some damage. That's really it. There's no overarching narrative, faction loyalty/vengeance, consequences for shooting traders etc. It's *fine*, but that's it. Kinda just fine.That really sums up Convoy. It's okay, it's not bad, but it's not good either."
76561198152801310,Recommended,318230,17359809,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,monommnom,"After getting FTL, I was searching everywhere for another game like it. Eventually, I stumbled upon this. This game has some pros and cons, but if you want the answer up front, I do reccommend it. It is fun, the events are amusing, and the battle mechanic is unique and similar to FTL. So if you like FTL or are just looking for a fun tactical roguelike game to play for a little while, I would highly reccommend this game.Now, the actual review. This game clearly took a lot of inspiration from FTL. It shares many of the same basic mechanics, even if many of them have their own unique twists. For those of you who don't know anything about the game, keep reading for a summary of the game. If you don't care, skip this paragraph to where the review starts. The game takes place in an apocalyptic wasteland, where you need to find suitable mechanisms to install on your broken down ship. In the game, you command a convoy of your MCV (Main Combat Vehicle), and up to four other vechicles. These drive around the wasteland, and you run into events and random encounters along the way.Now, I keep saying this, but it is worth mentioning: Everything is a spin-off of FTL, save a few minor features. The first things to talk about are the two recourses of the game: fuel and currency. In Mad Max, fuel meant survival. This rule of thumb carries over to this game, to an extent. Fuel is consumed as you move in the game. The game, however, is one big world map, compared to FTL, which had beacons. On the world map, the terrain varies from roads to ravaged lands to mine fields to cities. Your speed changes on all of these terrains, but fuel is consumed at the same rate. If you run out of fuel, you could be having to deal with hostile forces trying to scrap your convoy, or a walking engineer that will turn your crew into fuel, or you may just find a hidden fuel deposit in your MCV. Currency is achieved the same way, but sometimes at much quicker rates. You can play a game of chess with a guy, win the game by only moving your rook, and get 700 scrap (scrap is the currency in the game). This makes the game easier in the later part of the game.Events are the next big thing. The good news is that there are a ton of varying events, and a ton of ways you can respond to the people you are forced to deal with in the wasteland. The bad news is that you have minimal to no control what events you encounter and how your response is taken. You can encounter the same event five different times in the same playthrough, answer the same way every time, and get five different results. This is good for the first few times, because it keeps you on the edge of your seat, and this is hypothetically good for the last few times, where if the events were not random in every way, you could just rig it every time to get the best result. This does get frustrating, however, where you search for an event, get the event after hours of playing your game, answer in all the right ways, and have it turn out that the odds are not in your favor that playthrough, and have to start over. This could be your thing, the risky nature of the game, and the idea that you are always gambling, and nothing is for sure, but it was not my thing, and after the few hours of playing this game nonstop, it got boring. It's like going to a casino, but instead of gambling money, you are gambling your time and patience, and instead of winning money, you are winning temporary satisfaction, just so it can be blown away when you die shortly after, because you spent all of your recourses chasing down that dream, with no escape plan for when it came true. To sum it all up, the event system, and how much you will enjoy it, are both gambles.Now, the best part: the combat system! If you have played Risk of Rain, the way you progress through it is similar to the way you progress through Convoy, but if you haven't played Risk of Rain, you should. But I will explain it anyway. In both Convoy and Risk of Rain, the battles get harder at the start, and then everything is dead easy. You get the good items, and the good vehicles, and things are upgraded, and you just don't die. Also, the pause mechanic carries over from FTL, which should always be used no matter what. So everything is really easy, and then you get cocky. And you die. Immediately. The mechanics of the combat system are that you have your four cars, and you basically play on a grid that is moving down a road, so the landscape is always changing, but your cars are keeping pace. The cars take up different numbers of squares on the grid, and you can move them to available spaces as it fits your needs. The MCV cannot move. Your cars and MCV are all armed with an array of weaponry, and each car and weapon has different stats (Health, Armor, Range, Mine Resistance, Handling, and maybe one other). These play into how your vehicles move, how much damage they deal, what they deal damage to (health or armor), how much damage they take, etc. If your MCV is destroyed, you lose.There are sevaral different kinds of weapons; there are rapid fire weapons, rockets, cannons, lasers, melee weapons, and more. Each of these weapons have their own pros and cons, but the two things that make the combat system different from others is the line of sight mechanic, and the landscape. To fire a weapon, you need a line of sight, and the necessary range. This allows for your cars to form walls around your MCV, and allows you to come up with your own formations when an enemy is in one place, and a different formation when an enemy is in another. I enjoyed doing that, and there are sevaral, depending on what weaponry you are using. And the second thing that makes this mechanic unique is the moving map. There are times where you will be on a map, and a minefield pops up, or a rock. It is imperative you move your vehicles, lest they get destroyed. But, the only thing that is more important is making sure your enemies hit those obstacles. There are times where you will be so wrapped up in one corner of the map that you will just let your car run into a wall, and you will feel defeated. There are other times where you blockade four enemy vehicles to the edges of the map, and watch them helplessly drive off a cliff while you safely cross the bridge. Heh... Suckers. Enemies will also swerve to avoid mines, which your MCV can deploy. Will you make an enemy swerve away from a mine into a rock, or will you surround an enemy and pelt it with mines until it is dead and gone. There is a way to play the game where there is no strategy involved (one way of achieving this is by using only miniguns and chainsaws, and proceeding to use your imagination), but you can customize your vehicles in such a way that you will have winning strategies.Now, those were mainly pros, but there are some cons. First is that your Convoy eventually becomes the best it can be, and using those strategies that you formulated during the early and mid game are actually both more dangerous and more time consuming than just tanking your way through every situation. In FTL, you never really reached that point, because there was a time limit. Not in this game, though. Here, you can just waste away until you get the best everything, and then take down the big boss. The second main con is that the enemy doesn't use tactics and formations like you might. Instead, they start early game by swarming you with mediocre vehicles and cluttering the map, and they end in the late game by swarming you with slightly less mediocre vehicles and cluttering the map. Only bosses actually fight with some 'direction', if you will, and, like most bosses, they have four attacks that they just spam. So, to conclude, the battle system is cool, but redundant (just like the event system!!!)Despite all of this talk that makes the game feel so easy, I still have only won 20% of the games I have played. So, although redundant, it's fun but hard.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,318230,27404057,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tartrazine,"FTL's idiot cousinI unlocked all the ships in FTL, and then I did it again on the iPad version, but I'm almost too bored with Convoy to bother getting to the final boss, even though my current run is going great. The biggest problem here is that combat is a MESS. Your convoy of vehicles is supposed to be racing through the desert during battles, but aside from a few obstacles you have to avoid, it feels like you're running on a treadmill (or like one of those old cheap cartoons where the same background image keeps looping behind the characters as they run unconvincingly). The cars all move on a grid like in a turn-based game, but the grid is hidden. (Did I mention there's no car sounds? When a car accelerates to move to the front of the convoy, you'd expect to hear the deep rumble of a diesel engine, or at least its futuristic equivalent, right? But no, there's NOTHING. HOW DO YOU MAKE A GAME ABOUT MAD MAX STYLE CAR BATTLES WITHOUT INCLUDING ENGINE NOISES?!)This game was SUCH a waste of my time and money that I'm not even going to compose the rest of my notes into a coherent review. Convoy doesn't deserve anything better than a list of flaws.- On the overworld map, there's no pathfinding. Your convoy just goes in a STRAIGHT LINE towards wherever you right-click, burning extra fuel if you're not on the road. If you've seen screenshots of the map, you've probably noticed the hexagonal grid on it, but the hexes are only there to look cool. It isn't good enough to just be on a hex that the road passes through. You have to actually be right ON the road itself, and because the road is very curvy, this means you have to click stupidly often to keep your idiot convoy on the actual road instead of driving directly to your destination even though there's a mountain in the way.- your escorts still chirp ""affirmative!"" when they're stunned and can't move- Moving your cars on the combat screen is a nightmare, especially because they're too stupid to wait for other cars to get out of their way if they're blocked.- Very difficult to tell what diagonal angles you can shoot at (or if your cars are in the right position to block an enemy's shots on your main game-over-if-it-dies MCV truck)- Weapons don't have range, cars do. If one car has a range stat of 500, all of its guns have a range of 500 units (i.e. 5 squares on the combat screen's invisible grid). If a different car only has a range of 200, then the SAME GUNS will have a much smaller range. This is actually even more dumb than it sounds.The game's a mess outside of combat as well. The world map itself is NOT random, only the location of events (and towns?) are. Perhaps to mask that fact, the game never lets you zoom out and see the full map. The game points exactly towards the various objectives and even tells you exactly how far away they are, but there's no pathfinding. (So if you decide to play this game, print up a copy of the game's map first.)Once you unlock several MCVs (trucks) to choose from at the start of the game, the selection screen is missing BASIC information about the trucks, like how many quest items each can carry. Yes, that's right, you usually can't carry all of the quest items (replacement spaceship parts) that you need to finish the game, just because the devs decided to be jerks. Even when the next part of a quest just involves talking to someone to find out where the McGuffin is, you are not even allowed to TALK to them... because you don't have enough storage space in your truck. Really. EVEN THE ORIGINAL RESIDENT EVIL DIDN'T HAVE SUCH AN ANNOYING INVENTORY SYSTEM.- You have to manually reset your combat formation EVERY FIGHT. (Why is this not automatic?!)-- objectives text doesn't separate flavor text from useful info- tutorial doesn't tell you if units can shoot through escorts- Thunderdome event is abstracted instead of actual fight... WTF?- free respin on Wheel of Fortune is totally pointless, just means extra clicks- very awkward upgrading various escort vehicles, no arrow buttons to cycle thru them- does front/back slot matter?- flashing skulls sometimes overlap - some indicate very close obstacle, others indicate far - should flash faster when close- switching between vehicles at start doesn't skip locked ones- Your cars have separate health and armor bars, but outside of combat it's not clear if your escorts have full armor.- VEHICLES don't ""wait"" for allies to move out of way, they route around without showing their path, leading to 'wait don't go that way, morons"" moments (Basically imagine if you had to deal with FTL's awful pathfinding in a game where your cars/crew are moving around every few seconds instead of standing at their station. Remember how much ""fun"" it was in FTL to keep your idiotic non-Lanius crew from walking through the room with NO AIR? It's like that but ALL THE TIME)- No visual indication if I've visited shop? no indication?- enemy cars have same length health bar as your cars, but 400 dmg railgun one-shots them... why not segmented?- weird counter-intuitive upgrade bar where filled in ""metal"" slots show how many points you can upgrade, where ""empty"" slots mean can't fill those slots at all - should be other way around!- Remember how if you end up with too many weapons or crew in FTL, you get to CHOOSE which one to dump out the airlock? Because here, if you unexpectedly get a new car in a random event but your convoy is full, you can't strip its guns off. And not for a SENSIBLE reason like that you're under attack and don't have time - the game just doesn't let you."
,Recommended,318230,16264214,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Felonious Ham,"Can't recommend enough! If you enjoyed FTL, you'll love this - plus if FTL was too hard, the difficulty scaling in this makes it actually possible. If you've seen the new Mad Max recently, this will also scratch the itch to lead a convoy of destructive road warriors.Great writing in the missions and random encounters, excellent gameplay, highly replayable."
,Recommended,318230,15719538,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Long Pig,"I, like probably 97% of the other people who played Convoy, am a huge FTL fan, and bought this game on the promise that it was similar to FTL. That's only partially true. Convoy is not similar to FTL- it is FTL. Swap your FTL ship with an MCV and crew/drones for some heavily-armed SUVs, and toss them all into a slightly less engaging (but still fun) universe, and there you have it.I don't mean that as a slight against Convoy at all. FTL is really good, and Convoy is really good. There are a few bugs here and there, but overall it is a really solid and fun game."
76561198062063722,Recommended,318230,23706324,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,reinforced balaclava,"Although I like this game, there are some improvements that can be made:a) more stuffb) more stuffc) more stuffIn other words, the mechanics are fine, but there could be more diversity in the faction vehicles, more events and things like that."
76561197984985614,Recommended,318230,15491591,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,bodil,"FTL + Mad Max = This game. If you liked Neo Scavanger/FTL and other games similar, I would recommend picking this up."
76561198071503911,Not Recommended,318230,23276546,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hhondar,"Wasted PotentialIt's a great concept, but seriously? It took me 3 hours to beat.There are 3 factions but they all use exactly the same handful of vehicles.There are a dozen starting MCVs to unlock, but the differences are things like 5% more armor or 50 more hitpoints instead of anything gamechanging or worth the hours investment.The few scattered allusions to other sci fi games are just verbatim quotes of the dialogue (from Fallout 1 for example)The dialogue is completely generic, using modern internet lingo. Makes me cringe. Not immersive.FTL by comparison has totally unique factions, unlockable ships that mean something, storyline that someone put effort into.This game is worth getting on sale. It's neat, but $15 is too much, when every advertised feature is a dissapointment.What's good: The combat is fun"
76561197972340288,Not Recommended,318230,32836301,Posted: 26 June,all,Sp4m,"Convoy wants to be FTL, but it not only fails to live up to the legend, it fails to stand on its own.The mission and story diversity is low, and every game feels the same. After 3 games, I feel like I've experienced everything this game has to offer.On the other hand, the gameplay is fun, and I know there are more weapons and vehicles for me to experience.What Convloy needs most of all is greater diversity to the story events."
76561198062641628,Recommended,318230,16375508,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nebulabomb,"This is perhaps one of the best games I've played all year. It reminds me a lot of FTL, complete with high learning curve. Convoy forces you to master the basics of the game and the importance of positioning your cars to the best possible location to take out the enemy. All while dodging enemy AOE attacks and giant lasers, as well as your own weapons. When I finally beat the game (On easy) it was the best feeling I've had after beating a game in a long time. The only downsides I have found so far is the fact that the map is always the same, which is understandable if a bit disappointing, and a lack of things to do. Even after a few hours of play I feel as if I've already seen about 80% of the game, and that isn't a good thing for this kind of game. I've ran into the same situation so many times I know the dialog tree that has the best possible outcome in it, and that stops making it fun. I hope that the Devs are already working on new content for the game because an ad-on of a few new scenarios wouldn't hurt the game at all."
,Recommended,318230,21079469,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Emiraven,"An enjoyable survivalist romp with some rogue-like elements.   Think FTL in a Max Max setting.    A very satisfying value while on 50% sale, but not at the full asking price. Several missed opportunities prevent this title from being an all-star, most notably the lack of content.Pluses:+ Intriguing real-time tactical convoy-based combat.    You must maneuver your vehicles to protect your transport while giving them an optimal firing angle.+ Good battle pacing.  You *almost* have enough time to pay attention to everything, which brings to each fight just the right amount of harried eye-hand flicking.     (But see UX minus below)+ Varied vehicle builds.  You can build ramming tanks, light DPS machines, mine layers, and other configurations.+ Charming retro soundtrack.+ Witty writing and flavor text.   Some ""choose your own adventure"" gameplay that doesn't involve convoy combat.   Lots of geek references.Minuses (more of missed opportunities):+ Desperately needs more content.    There's only one base map which never changes, just the quest markers on top of it.   The 'randomized' quest comes from a small pool that will repeat often.+ UX and grpahics go a little too far into being retro, so that they don't provide the player with needed information.+ What's with the default resolution being boxed?  Yes, you can stretch to fullscreen, but then the retro graphics get really ugly.   Perhaps done for a future tablet port, which makes sense, but this choice cheapens the PC experience.+ RNG a bit too random, denying opportunities of player choice.   (You may never get a 3rd or 4th vehicle for your convoy due to chance, severely limiting your play.)   Some form of  crafting/salvage system would solve the random problem, and be very in-theme."
,Not Recommended,318230,15485192,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Pfhreak,"I want to be clear, I *desperately* want to love this game. It looks so excellent.The writing in this game is nearly entirely references to other media. Sonic Screws, 1.2 GIGAWATTS, Murder Death Kill, Pylons, Power Overwhelming, Flux Capacitors, etc. It certainly feels like Convoy isn't willing to bring original ideas to the table. This sort of stuff is cute, when used very, very sparingly, but it shouldn't be the central fare of the game. I'm aware that I've had a limited time playing it myself, but in talking with others who have played it and watching LPs, it's pretty clear I didn't just have an odd streak of terrible writing.The gameplay is ok, moving cars around is an exercise in frustration, as they'll sometimes move more than one car to the same space or move somewhere and display themselves in another. The weapons are good and punchy, but I found it difficult to assess their relative value.The game's mechanics are archaic and far too detailed, making it very difficult to compare pieces of equipment or vehicles. (For example, 100 range == 1 box on the grid. Why not just use 1,2,3,4, etc.?)Your convoy retains the same formation it ended the previous fight with. Spent the last moments chasing down a raider and drew your vehicles off center? Hope you enjoy starting that way next fight. I know you just drove 200KM, but there's no ability to reposition your vehicles between fights.The combat interface is missing some intuitive features -- you can select your cars with 1,2,3,4, but there's no numeral near their health bars to indicate which you'll get. When you use an MCV ability, it puts a 1,2,3,4 in the corner, but you can't select MCV abilities with 1,2,3,4. There's no way to view your vehicles out of combat (as far as I'm aware), and the results of combat tend to either be laughably easy or preposterously difficult.The random encounters leave a lot to be desired. I ran into one, for example, where I saw a red barrel sitting a ways down the road. Taking the cautious approach, I decided to shoot it before we got any closer. The game laughed at me as it destroyed one of my vehicles, ""What did you expect, shooting a red barrel!""The different factions do have different flavors to their vehicles, which is a nice touch (the raiders, for instance, appear to have more but flimsier vehicles.)There's a lot that makes me want to love this game -- the punchy audio absolutely melts into the rich visuals and the concept of a combat convoy roaming the desert is unique and compelling. But the game falls far short of its promise."
76561197995389078,Not Recommended,318230,30914936,Posted: 2 April,all,Living Joker,"Great concept, and the execution is well done. What I can't accept is the lack of any kind of threat detection in terms of telling the player how difficult the challenge they're about to face is in relation to the current war potential of their convoy. This just ended my first run since I had no idea how strong this non-story encounter would be (it was a marked encounter on the map in a not darkly-shaded tile), with a full complement of mildly-upgraded units with powerful weapons. A fatal flaw.Also I don't get why your maximum convoy unit count is 4, but enemies are allowed to have far more, at least 7.There are ways to make games challenging without making them unfair. I enjoyed my time with Convoy but I'm glad I got it very inexpensively, and probably won't be playing it again."
,Recommended,318230,15989538,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Patrick [No. 4],"-Start game-Play on hard #Yolo-Get annihilated-Play on normal-Get annihilated-Play on easy-Get annihilated-Decide to flee from everyone-Gotta go fast-Too slow-Get annihilated-Get angry-Yolo across map to all main objectives-Out of fuel-Mechanic asks me if he can make bio-fuel out of the crew-No ♥♥♥♥ing way mechanic-Wait-Sees dust cloud-Army of Raiders with artillery incoming-Oh. Still had fuel left. Let's engage them-Get annihilated-69th try-Found car wreck. Got 230 bolts-Sees casino-Wins car, 130 bolts left-Doing well-Some guys ask me to transport their cargo-Kill everyone-Steal cargo-Cargo contains giant mega battle robot of death-Get annihilated-Quits game10/10 would get annihilated again."
76561198062925921,Not Recommended,318230,34068858,Posted: 6 August,all,LuciusVoltaic,"I really wanted to like this game. It's slick and good-looking and the combat is fun—especially ramming enemies into obstacles. But in practice, it's just too much of a chore to keep your convoy alive. Every one or two fights, you have to go trekking out of your way to find a repair station. If you find you're over your head in a fight, that's it, game over—and there's no good way to tell whether a fight will be too hard before you're in the middle of it.It invites comparisons to FTL, which I think is overall a much better game. In FTL you can take (and repair on the go!) damage to individual systems, not just abstract hit points; repair stations are important, but you don't have to be always going out of your way to find one; and if you're in over your head, you can put all power to the shields and hope your engine charges up in time to escape.So yeah, if there were an ""I kind of recommend this but kind of don't,"" I would choose that, but since there's not, I can't give Convoy a thumbs up. Go play FTL instead."
76561198132597048,Recommended,318230,15489210,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kingdavidwilliams,"It's a lot of fun and well worth the purchase price. The biggest issue is that the hitbox for the vehicles often separates from where the vehicles' sprites actually are. It's confusing especially when you're managing 4 cars at once. The cars don't always take the shortest path to their destination either so I've been cheap shotted by environmental obstacles many times even though I acted to avoid them. Lastly, fuel maintainence is a bit of an issue. It's not 'Sunless Sea' brutal but its harsher than need be.All these issues can easily be fixed though and I still recommend the game in its current state.7/10 (could very easily be improved)"
,Recommended,318230,32521041,Posted: 17 June,all,SN : Wolf12,"Bought this game on sale and i regret nothing. Sure there are a couple nitpicks such as the limitation of units (only 4 when enemies can up to 9? Seriously, what's that all about?), repetitive missions and sometimes buggy sounds, but for me it's not so bad that can totally ruin the game.The concept is interesting to say the least. I haven't play FTL before, but i owned Mad Max and i can see the semblance; both in story line and random encounters. Combat system is quite good, eventhough the weapons and upgrades can be a little bit fiddly at times.Overall 8/10"
76561197971297185,Recommended,318230,31638391,Posted: 8 May,all,munchie_supa_drifta,"Firstly, I've Played FTL, Secondly I have only played this on Easy. (Final Line is TL:DR)So after finally ""Finishing"" the game I want to say, this is a great game, it's challenging in what I like to call, ""The Right Way"".I've played FTL and while I love it, it's a game that I find seems to have Luck Over Skill Rouge-Like aspect, thatis I once went to ever available fiht I could, even missed avoiding the fleet and had to battle to the exit, and when I came tot he end I was underprepared as I had no weapons come up in the last 3 systems that weren't craptastically underpowered, now I'm not denying that maybe if I'd picked other options I would have won, it didn't change the fact I couldn't find any non laser weapons.Okay so the point is that while I had ""Good"" Weapons, the game game didn't give me a chance to equip my own way and have a shred of a chance to win the final battle ""My Way"".Now getting back to Convoy, a game ""inspired by"" FTL (which is why I feel I had to say the above), this is less luck and allows for a more skill based challenge, especially with the boss fight at the end of the game.My first fight against the boss I was mainly beaten by not having met it before and knowing it's patterns and attacks, the second time I met the boss I came in equipped for the first half of the boss and only failed in the final ""stage"", in my third attempt I had full knowledge of the boss and was able to beat it with a decent level of health, it was skill that allowed me to win not just if I was lucky enough to have the correct weapons come up in the store.So in regards to TL:DR, Where FTL is much more about Luck, Convoy favours more Skill and ultimately while I love both, I will def play more of this game I think."
,Recommended,318230,26935371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pengy,"Most everyone will use FTL as a benchmark to test rouge like games, so I guess I will compair and contrast on how Convoy stands up to the gold standard of FTL.The first thing right off the bat with convoy is that the game is much easyer than FTL.  This may be seen as ether a good thing or a bad thing seeing that a lot of FTL's claim to fame is its unfair dificulty and numerous game overs, but I for one see it as more of a good thing because there seems to always be a way to win in Convoy whereas in FTL a lot of the games have you already losing before you start because of RNG.Another difference is the way the games play out.  I might catch a bit of flack for saying this, but once you get the hang of FTL you start seeing that the game plays out the same every time regaurdless of ship and crew choice once you figure out that the only way to beat the boss reliably is to aquire level 4 sheilds, aquire enough weapon systems to pierce level 4 shields and if you are playing advanced, aquire a mind control system.  Convoy is a bit different because you can outplay enemies and beat the game without getting 4 escort vehicles, getting the best weapons or upgrading your units all the way.  Although this can also turn into a con because with no time limit on the planet there is little to no reason to not stick around and get full upgrades due to the lack of punishing party wipe type events.A thing to be aware of is the A.I.s poor pathing algorithms when repositioning a vehicle on the field.  Every once in a while during a battle, instant kill hazards such as rock formations, buildings, utility poles and canyons will pop up with a warning telling you that anything left in that lane will die.  Both you and the enemy will scramble to get out of the way of the oncoming hazards which will cause vehicles to drive infront of others occupying the space the other vehicle was planning on taking.  When this happens the pathing system can♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed and cause your vehicle to drive back into the lane with the encroaching electrical pylon to attempt to reposition.  Because of this I would only tell your vehicles to move one square at a time to avoid such accidents.Another con to get into would be the armor system and vehicle classes.  In convoy, vehicles have armor bars along with their health bars and armor reduces damage taken to health.  Some weapons (lasers) do massive amounts of health damage but are totally blocked by armor while others (plasma) vaporize armor in just a few shots but do little to no health damage at all.  The problem comes in the late game where many enemys field heavy plasma canons that nuke all of your partys armor right as the fight begins, but they only bring a handful of laser weapons that you can single out before they get the chance to fire.  Even if you buy all the armor upgrades you will always be comming out of late game fights with zero armor but full health left especially on the main convoy vehicle making armor upgrades feel like nothing but flushing your hard earned scrap down the toilet.Vehicle weight classes is also a bit of an odd subject in the game as vehicles come in three classes, light, medium and heavy.  Light vehicles consist of mostly dune buggys and incredably awful light trucks that resemble a four wheeled tuck tuck and are for the most part worthless even when upgraded to their full potential when compaired to the humvees and MRAPs you get at the heavy class.  This is because heavy vehicles like the aformentioned MRAP can tank hits and dish out a lot more damage because they have more hard points to mount weapons.  Even the humvee which comes with just one hardpoint and two utility points is better in all ways than the tuck tuck (named the LC roller in game) because the roller mounts one less utility point, has less health and manuvers just as poorly.  The medium vehicle class which consists of pickup trucks and civilian vehicles are rather rare and you usually fly right over them because the heavy class vehicles are there.  And yes, I know that some vehicles have to be better than others in a game but it doesn't help that the game pretends that they are all equal choices in the beginning where you can choose between the clearly superior heavy military vehicles or the third world motorcycle strapped to a car body.  The dune buggys in the light class are useable but at the end of the day you have to ask why you are sacrificing so much firepower and micromanaging them so much to not get hit when you could have just gotten a humvee that can kill and take damage all day without having to reposition.Overall I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoyed FTL but found it to be too hard.  I would warn true masochists who thought that this game would be just as challenging or harder than FTL that it might not be what they are looking for."
76561197971057965,Not Recommended,318230,16582372,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GunBotJoe,"This game is compared by some to be like 'FTL', although it is a very poor relation if so. It lacks the polish, relaibilty and flair of FTL and feels somewhat unfinished. The combat is admttedly fun for a while, but the rest of the game really should have attracted more design attention to constitute a compelling product.Most of the game takes place on a flat, hex-based map that has no interaction, save for some beacons that denote text-based encounters that may or may not lead to a combat session. Why the hexes? No reason as far as I can tell. Your convoy is an unanimated sprite that glides over the map as your fuel counts down and does not interact with them.But on a final note, I can't recommend this game due to its shocking unrelaibilty. Multiple bombs to desktop and random graphical glitches took the shine of the final boss encounter (to be honest, I was a bit relieved to have gotten to the end - because now I can say I've had 'some' money's-worth and can safely uninstall it).Shame really because it could have been tons better."
,Recommended,318230,17486255,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Bort,"One of the lines used to describe Convoy is 'Kinda like Mad Max meets FTL', and that is a brilliant way of putting it.Your starship has been damaged, and you have been forced to land on the world of Omek Prime, where you are placed in command of the Convoy. One large transport vehicle capable of carrying the supplies your ship will need to repair, a pair of smaller escorts, and a few leads on the major components you need. Now, go out into the world, and either return with the items needed to repair your ship, or die in the process.This was a really simple game to get into, just like FTL, and also like FTL, it is difficult to master. All of the locations on the global map are randomized, featuring settlements (where you can stop for much needed repairs, but new items to equip your vehicles, and something even a new vehicle itself), distress beacons (which can be good, bad, or worse), and random encounters (again, can be good, bad, or worse).Quite a few of the distress beacons and encounters can provide you with side missions to complete, which in turn can provide you with bonus weapons, or extra vehicles for your convoy. Excluding your cargo transport, you can have a maximum of 4 vehicles to protect your convoy. That said, I have seen screenshots of people with more, but I believe that is from a mod.For being so simple, this game is highly addictive. You really should check it out."
,Not Recommended,318230,31638094,Posted: 8 May,all,Endyo,"This game is actually more of a borderline recommendation, but because it has all of the potential to be another great FTL-styled rogue-lite but still manages to miss the mark, I can't recommend it.  The most positive aspect of the game is the combat, and even then it ends up feeling more like a chore toward the end of the game.  Plus what is presented as a broadly replayable game really lacks the motivation to play it again after you complete a full run.  It was close to being a fun game, I will say that, but for me it doesn't live up to my expectations.  Buy it only if you're a fan of FTL but you're willing to accept a wholly lesser experience.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EndyoGaming#curation"
,Not Recommended,318230,33434371,Posted: 10 July,all,Daid,"After 5 hours. I can say, I do not recommend Convoy. Overal, it tries pretty hard to be a new twist on FTL.At which it is succesful in some areas. Which gives it a nice spin of a more open world game instead of a ""run for your life"" that is FTL.The main problem with Convoy is that you will die. But not because of your own choices. More because of the lack of choice. You can upgrade your weapons, you can upgrade your vehicles.But weapon wise, ever new weapon you will find is a upgrade or not. Not really a choice.Upgrading your vehicles is a must. And there is a little bit of choice here. Except that it's the only meaningful way to spend your money really.The random events are pretty much the same as in FTL, meaning you don't really know what is the best option unless you've seen the same event multiple times.But the combat is where is goes down for me. It boring. You have a bunch of vehicles driving, and shooting at each other. You move them around a bit. But there isn't the trill of choice here. You manage the position of your vehicles, their targets and fire your MCV weapons.And then, your MCV dies and you lose. Doesn't matter what other support vehicles you have. The group of enemies you randomly encountered decided to only target your MVC.Managed to survive? Good, but your MCV suffered heavy damage, and the nearest spot you can repair is half a map away. Doesn't matter you have the funds to repair, as you cannot repair.Final judgement:* Don't buy if you expect something like FTL, as it does not live up to that game.* Buy if you want something different for a change then FTL, and Convoy is below $5"
76561198310576908,Recommended,318230,31208774,Posted: 17 April,all,*****,"Great game. Mild language. A few notes. Easy is basically the midpoint between FTL: Easy (50hours and then you beat it) and Super easy (win every 3 battles). A few negative things. 1. The tutorial doesn't mention the differences between terrain. 2, You can shoot everyone. (morals mean nothing.) 3. Also you can kill your crew for fuel withour ANY negative effects"
,Recommended,318230,20575310,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,MPO,"After playing more, I feel compelled to rewrite my review.  I came as a big fan of FTL, and while I found some issues and bugs, Convoy is a resoundingly innovative and fun experience.First of all, do not attempt the harder difficulties without unlocking more powerful vehicles.  Though this isn't communicated, Convoy eventually gives you the tools to handle harder difficulties with vastly superior unlocks.In many ways, it doubles-down on the original formula: exquisite levels of immersion are reinforced with well-written mini-text adventures for encounters.  The map is designed to be open-world, allowing the player to make decisions on-the-fly in any order they desire.  The dynamic music is absolutely thrilling, and amassing strength feels great.However, with its changes come shortfalls.  Games run much, much longer than in FTL, and on non-Easy difficulties, grinding, taking too much damage, and running out of fuel happens often - unless you've unlocked some OP vehicles that can take a lot of fights.  Still, it becomes a grind with the high encounter rate.Something else you might balk at is the micromanagement necessary for combat.  Though there is a pause feature, it can be overwhelming to perform many necessary actions simultaneously.  But this becomes less of a problem with practice.Finally, expect the final boss to be extremely difficult, even when you know what to do and are suitably prepared.  This greater trial-and-error factor can be frustrating at first, but is forgivable for such a epic fight.  It's quite a test on everything you've learned - even on Easy.I am so happy to have bought Convoy, and though the higher difficulties can make for a grueling playthrough, it is one of my favorite games.  It just takes a lot of practice, and I can't put it down."
,Recommended,318230,15479046,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Convoy is along the lines of FTL, and strategy players will definitely want to take a hard look at this one. This game is difficult from the early going, but making smart and strategic plays will put you in better positions, and combat does well with the ability to ram opponents and attempt to use your convoy's strengths wisely. There are a few issues, with fuel seemingly needing a tweak in terms of consumption (it seems to drain too fast imo), and some bugs that pop up now and again, but the randomization and the emphasis of smart gameplay puts this as a great challenge against your mind.+:Good variety in risk/reward item: gives you real reasons not to engage and put yourself into danger, which means that you really have to think about encounters.Good strategy combat. Ability to pause is necessary to avoid major damage that will cost too much in repairs.Ramming feature is pretty awesome in conjuction with environmental hazards. Feels like a real Mad Max like situation.Variety in parts was strong, led to different strategies regarding convoy.Leaving heart of convoy unable to “attack” in traditional way leads to the right kind of defensive gameplay.Punishes for not paying attention, reading is a must.-:Visual bugs get annoying, especially during battle.Fuel consumption seems to need a tweak.Algorithm regarding Cities could use adjusting, once in a while, 3 towns would spawn right next to each other, which made it hard to get to other parts of the map.Early game could use more variety.For more information and gameplay footage:http://youtu.be/PZkZ5umKWgEJust make sure that you don't run out of fuel.  No seriously, make sure. Take a plunge into a world of Mad Max mixed with FTL, with surprisingly good mechanics and variety in combat, as well as some good writing. The kind of game that strategy players will love."
76561197962138311,Recommended,318230,16960705,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,XDms,"Although my vote is positive i will be critical. Convoy is not so bad, but it could have been better (a classic). After 7-8 hours of playing there is an high chance that you will leave it, it just becomes a bit repetitive. I practically know all the quests, weapons, items, vehicles etc. and i am that kind of player that plays only during the weekends for a few hours. Also the map is not so random like i hoped (its shape is always the same, only the quests and camps changes locations).However fighting and trashing the enemy vehicles is fun, at least...Convoy is like the youngest brother of FTL, with a great potential but it still needs to grow up, it needs some more contents. So my thumb up is not exactly a full positive vote as you see. I would suggest you to wait for some discounts before buying it."
,Recommended,318230,32784288,Posted: 25 June,all,andyface,"The style of the game is reminiscent of FTL, but there are differences to the combat which make battles feel a dynamic and keep you from getting too bored. Having to manage both the position of vehicles and targets keeps you thinking during a fight, however there were times where I didn't feel like there was anything much I could do other than wait for weapons to reload and see what happened.ThI skipped the tutorial for some reason, so had to guess what the controls were. It took me a while to work out that you moved the MCV on the ma using the right mouse button, this seems a little weird as left clicking probably would've made more sense. Other than that and a few other minor control niggle, the game is simple enough to get used to and only really require the mouse and space bar to play.Options for upgrading vehicles and swappping out weapons were good and allowed for a good mix of attack type to deal with the mix of enemies. Only having four support vehicles wasn't really an issue and meant you had to work to dispatch the weaker enemies first, but also keep knocking the tougher enemies armour down as well. For me the limitation wasn't such a bad thing as it meant you had to think who to focus on first or if it was better to spead your attacks.There are some quite blatent references in this game, some which seem like obvious ""hey look, we're referencing soemthing"", but others that feel almost a little like plagerism. The main one I noticed was the Fallout 1 reference to Shady Sands, which had a slight variation on the name and on visiting the location, the back story was pretty much the same as in Fallout. Personally I'm not a huge fan of direct referencing like this, I much prefer subtle hints which make you unsure if it is actually referencing something at all.All in all a good enjoyable game with a few flaws that don't ruin the overall experience. I'd definitely recommend picking it up while it's on sale. I haven't had enough time to see if it'd be worth the full price based ob replayability."
,Recommended,318230,15501672,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,BAPBAP,"Nice, though full of nasty bugs.Despite decent graphics, pretty good soundtrack, multiple solutions to most of quests and great humor it feels much like an early access product.I could call it a real timekiller for everyone who loves frontier, space and cars, but it doesn't even start every time i try because of different tech issues, also it's hard to believe but sometimes it works slower than Carmageddon: Reincarnation.Wait for big fat patch and buy.Or buy and wait for BFP u know."
,Recommended,318230,22799656,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Stephen Hawking,A really great game!+Very nice pixel art+Cool story+Roguelike 2D mad max + FTL mix+Nice soundtrack+Challenging+YOU CAN SHOOT EVERYONE IN THE HEAD IF YOU DON'T WANT TO TALK WITH THEM!
,Recommended,318230,24128276,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,xsoz,"Yes it is FTL-like but it needs more content. Everything-wise: encounters, weapons, utilities and diversity in main quests. You 'll love it very soon but you'll also put it aside due to lack of content. If new content comes out as dlc, it will sell like hell. Have fun while it lasts!"
76561198053877292,Recommended,318230,15603595,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BanditCorp,"Super Fun, It really is like mad max and ftl put together. All i want is more content, but the devs keep putting new fixes and content in with lots of updates. Plus modding is on it's way."
,Not Recommended,318230,35059110,Posted: 18 September,all,Resonant Drifter,"Your ship crashlands on a planet and you must take your convoy of vehicles out to find supplies you need for your ship to leave as well as upgrades for the vehicles in your convoy to make doing so easier.PROS+ FTL-like experience+ Overall idea is coolCONS- Difficulty swings greatly- Variety in missions is small- Vehicle movement is overly slow- Combat reverts to bombard the enemyI wanted to like this game if only for a different FTL experience and I get that for the most part. However, the negatives outweigh the positives so much it's just not fun.In FTL you have a long period of build-up to get your ship in tip-top shape to face the final enemy which means beating through multiple enemies and fun chance exercises that can leave you with something great or take away something you'll surely miss. In Convoy the difficulty between encounters can swing from easy to super difficult that it leaves you in frustration. For example, I went through with a mission by doing what they wanted and it lead me on a questline through enemy territory to steal something. I ended up dying eventually (which you will many times) and doing that same quest but I instead stole a list thinking I would forgo a lot of hassle. Well, I did but met my doom much faster as the enemy here were far, far more advanced. I had no way of telling ahead of time. It's just the way the game is. Start again. In another instance I ran into some enemy and fought them--super easy. Just down the road I ran into a group of enemy and they tore apart my convoy like they were paper. Only my main vehicle was left and it can't fight so I could only watch as they beat it to nothing.The chance exercises just aren't fun either. Most of the time it seems you lose rather than win. I'd rather avoid them and focus on the main mission rather than take a chance to find something better, but that makes your convoy weak to attacks so you have to take a chance. Don't do them and take more damage because you're under leveled, do them and possibly take damage or lose a vehicle or sometimes get something good. It's a lot of negative against you and little reward.Overall, this game is good if you want to and have the time to blow and don't care to get frustrated. It fills a void. Unless it gets some sort of progression like FTL it's definitely not worth $15. The short playtimes I get are probably only worth 1/3 of that. I'll keep playing it in short spurts to see if I have been missing much, but I don't expect much more from this game."
76561198015330538,Not Recommended,318230,16166164,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,yagathai,"I really like this game -- when it works. It hits me with game-breaking bugs so often, it's an exercise in frustration. Cna't recommend it until they fix it."
,Recommended,318230,15507446,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,NomRoxNom,"Loving this game.  It's difficult in the FTL pull your hair out almost beat that boss god I was so close sorta way.  I like the RNG aspect as every scenario is different and plays out different with your choices.  Makes the game ridiculously replayable and even with meta game knowledge you often have no clue what is going to happen.On the flip side of the coin, the RNG might drive some people insane as it can be brutal at times.  If you get a string of bad luck that could just spell the end for you with no way to come back.Overall, I heartily reccomend the game to anyone who is a fan of FTL or RNGish roguelikes.  The unlocks keep you playing and the randomness is much akin to gambling.  Sometimes you get lucky and it turns out amazing, other times, welp... time to start a new round."
,Recommended,318230,19374104,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,theTrav,"FTL meets Mad Max.Quite fun, well executed.  Suffers a bit from ""I'm winning, I'm winning, nothing can touch me! Oh, I'm dead, wtf?"" but that could be down to inexperience.There seems to be little you can do to tell whether a fight is going to be too much, and once you're in one there doesn't seem to be a retreat button"
76561198021678693,Recommended,318230,20558114,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,=OKB=  Zulma,Extremly fun to play!!! A game I would recommend to everyone who enjoyed FTL!!!!
76561198058535293,Recommended,318230,21197154,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Webeteam,"Convoy is a  really good game with a fun concept. It proves that a game doesn't need much to it to be fun. It is difficult because it is skill based, which is also one of if not its best feature, because I could feel the gradual improvement in my playing.Though it feels as if there isn't very much content in the game, it doesnt bother me that much because every playthrough has its differences due to random events and pick ups. Also the devs have a sense of humour. :)I suggest getting it for around half price though, because personally I dont think that the game offers enough for you to pay $18.00 NZD for it :)"
76561198014566797,Recommended,318230,24386076,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SpecOps,"After playing for some time and finish the game several times, i think it is time to write a review. The game itself is a rogue-like done well. Lots of random encounters, side missions and events. Various MCVs(your main vehicle), escort/combat cars to start with - which are unlocked by achievements or tasks in the game; weapons and utilities. Combat system is a Real-time with tactical pause, which feels simple and intuitive. Also, it has a couple of movie references, which i found real fun and entertaining.Now, some details about basic mechanics(i won`t write about story or specific cars, so expect no spoilers).All objectives and events starts as a text mini-game with several options, which affects gameplay directly. For example, you`ve met a crowd of people.You can choose to:- engage them in combat;- just pass by;- persuade them to do what you need(in different situations), etc.As i write above, combat is simple, but in a good way. Your MCV can`t move or attack, it only can use abilities(defensive/offensive/support). And if MCV is destroyed, you guessed it - game over. So you will depend on the escort cars to protect MCV most of the time. If you just shoot everything on sight, you will not succeed(unless you`ve got the best weapons and upgrades). Even then, you will need some tactics to achieve victory(blocking enemy shots with escort cars, using abilities depending on situation, etc.). As the game progresses enemies will be harder and better equipped, so you need to adapt your strategy. I don`t like to compare Convoy to FTL like many people do, because there`s nothing to compare, even if it ""inspired by Mad Max and FTL"". FTL have a lot MORE content and variety than Convoy and advanced mechanics if you ask me, but Convoy has its unique and beautiful charm. So if you enjoyed FTL or any other rogue-likes, you will enjoy Convoy. Thanks for attention and have a good day!P.S. If you think that Convoy don`t have much content and you feel enthusiastic, you can create your own! Game has a ConvoyEditor(based on Unity) that can be used to create new units, scenarios and even voicelines!"
76561198006576754,Recommended,318230,30530246,Posted: 15 March,all,XombieRocker,"This game is a perma-death, randomly generated, mad max simulator.It is also almost impossible to beat. This is a game where I really wish Steam had a middle option rather than a simple up or down.You drive a big rig and a few escort vehicles around a large map looking for parts to repair your crashed ship. Along the way you must collect fuel to keep going. You will fight other factions and stop at friendly stations to repair your vehicles. There are several ""choose your own adventure"" type scenarios where you can decide what to do. These choices can make some factions friendlier or more hostile.Combat is grid based, as it all takes place around your rig. At first it is thrilling, but quickly you get bored of the same fights over and over again. Some of the boss fights are so ridiculous that even with fully upgraded vehicles, you will be hard pressed to win.The game is fun for a while, but it beats you down so regularly and without much reward that it's tough to want to play more.Recommended to: People who LOVED FTL, masochists, and Mad Max junkies."
76561197984055650,Recommended,318230,16457977,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ashram,"One of the best roguelikes out there.  Better than FTL, I thought.  The combat is much more fun."
76561197970597310,Recommended,318230,21423619,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Chaosegg,"8.9/10Amazing bang for the buck.Action, shooter, RPG,Road Warrior and Fallout theme with a GTA, Spy Hunter, and/or Death Skid Marks type gameplay.+Replayability is good, though not infinite.+Music is good.+Randomly generated each game:^Locations^random events^Finding items/characters (in a fun way)^Main quest objectives"
76561198090925208,Recommended,318230,21222488,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Heimdollar,"Fun, addicting, and has the same appeal as FTL. Love the theme and mechanics."
76561198180715303,Recommended,318230,22370355,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Chris,I got this game to get trading cards. BUT the actual game is pretty good.
76561198037293518,Recommended,318230,29289200,Posted: 15 January,all,adrian_wayne_taylor,"After watching Mad Max Fury Road, I had a hankering for some road warrioring!  I really enjoy this game, as a fan of FTL it has the same kind of feel with the random events and fuel and parts but the tatical combat part of the game is more fun than FTL with the movement of each individual vehicle and upgrades to range, handeling and armor.  I even had the same OH NO moment when I faced the boss for the first time.  I really do recomend this game.  Very fun, don't be afraid to wander around the map to fight raiders or privaters and gain parts to level up your vehicles.  Talk to and sometimes help the people of the wasteland and you may get some laughs and hardcore high tier vehicles out of it.  I would pay full price for this on Steam and as you know that is really saying something."
76561197972526943,Recommended,318230,24384523,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Subtiliter,"Breaking this down by audience based on playing FTL. Either way I recommend this game.If you have not played FTL:This game is a vehicle based psudo-roguelike with active world map control and active grid based pausable combat in a Mad Max meets Sci-fi setting. Lay into raiders and pirates and borg with Autocannons, 100mm guns, pulse lasers, and ramming attacks using your escort vehicles while you Main Convoy Vehicle (MCV) trundles along in the middle of the screen. If your escorts blow up, they're gone, if your MCV blows up you lose. Your MCV has activated abilities you can buy or swap in from the default EMP cannon to mine launchers to Super Heavy rail guns. Outside of the main road, there can be obstructions which if collided with will destroy your escorts, so watch out for the skulls! Watch your fuel, because distance traveled outside of combat will deplete it and if you run out you'll be sitting ducks for raider attacks (which if you win will then give you fuel usually).This game is HARD. My play time was to beat it on easy for the first time. There are random encounters both good and bad to be had out in the wastes, and sometimes they just don't come up your way. The radio beacons found on the map can be encounters, quests, or just a barrel of magic the gathering cards. Not even kidding on that last one. There are mini-bosses you can encounter if you get the right quests, and they are special MCV vs. MCV-ish-thing encounters. There is a final boss. It is not fair. You will lose the first time you encounter it. Accept that, do as well as you can and get as far as possible to see as much of it as you can before you lose. It's all about learning it's patterns and how to prepare for next time.For those who have played FTL:FTL with more perceived player agency. The world map is free movement, no time pressure beyond fuel consumption. The combat is more active as there is potentially more things to keep track of in terms of your own vehicle's positioning and weapons range. Unlocks are similarly random and specific. Difficulty is just as punishing while you learn the mechanics, and runs can get shut down early with bad RNG. No fleeing in combat means you don't have a way out if a situation gets hopeless so keep that in mind. The last boss is similar kinds of unfair, so be ready to learn it's patterns and die to it a few times. Main place it doesn't measure up for me to FTL is the music. It's not bad by any means, and it fades into the background nicely. I just hold FTL's OST in that high of regard. The game does have a space ship in it, but you don't get to fly it sadly.Pick this game up if you want some of that FTL fun-ishing difficulty."
76561198014172199,Recommended,318230,15724198,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lentobombe,"The game approach a bit FTL in the idea : you go around, collecting equipement, and fighting enemy to get to your objectives. However, I don't think it got a lot further, because there's no timer whatsoever, and you essentially need to get some objects rather than going to a certain place before it's too late. The game got a bit repetitivity in it, but it's perfectly possible to enjoy it ! And it's keep being updated to add new stuff (and correct problems) with a responsive team, so..."
76561198174767563,Recommended,318230,20055758,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Georgie,Well Im posting this review after ive defeated the unbeatable boss. Turns out it was a lie!!! It all started with me winning a ship from a game show. His name monty and he was a keeper just like my 2 starting veichles. Next i get totally lucky and find 1111 scrap. Used some heavy beam lasers won from a kjl convoy that gave me 400 scrap and 3 of the buggers and there is still more game to play. Best Game ever! Fanboy 4 Lyfe.10/10 ~ Lord GabenP.S. If you like this youll love ftl.
76561198165606179,Recommended,318230,30782972,Posted: 27 March,all,Ajssouthlake,"Sure you drive a car to work, but then you get convoy and you drive a massive tank with 6 guns with smaller tanks around it and it becomes chaos. you thought driving was easy, you were wrong.  destroy your enemy or get destroyed by your enemy (or run out of fuel) howerver you die, you WILL enjoy this game.8.75/10-FML"
,Recommended,318230,31690799,Posted: 11 May,all,Th3Grimmi,"Great mechanics and great ideas, but the lack of variation makes it quite monotonous. It's always the same looking map with the same working battle mechanics, with the same events happening over and over again"
76561198001436773,Recommended,318230,33368861,Posted: 8 July,all,WMD,Lots of fun. Reminds me of Roadwar 2000 on the amiga but its real time.
,Recommended,318230,34532956,Posted: 27 August,all,[Q.K.] Entharion,"I quite liked FTL but I found it a bit too difficult and random to finish it completely.This game plays a lot like FTL and with a different theme. But what sets it apart the most is that it lets you set your own path, you're not being chased into a corner like in FTL. This gives you a bigger degree of freedom and the time you need to explore the map which is randomized each time and take on quests on the while also collecting the 4 components you need for your ship and prepare to defeat the final boss.If It has to improve somewhere it would be that the voice lines get pretty old pretty fast. They could try to make a bit more variation and add some more different characters.It took me about 16 hours and 5 playthroughs to finish the game (defeat the final boss) and I'm going back in for more.I definitely recommend it!"
76561197979875269,Not Recommended,318230,15602443,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Yashua,"This is the furthest thing from being a roguelike, I'm not sure whats going on here but it feels like the only roguelike element is that your missions are scattered on a map and sometimes you encounter enemies for no reason and there are bosses, FTL just feels vastly bigger and I think my biggest beef with this game is it's not worth 16.99 This also doesn't feel like FTL at any point aside from you can equip things.The missions also seem quite frustrating but not in the good way, I don't like that I've completed almost every mission which are very few in numbers and now if I ever encounter those missions again which will happen since this game has very few ill know what to do, I swear to god I've helped some chick steal treasure and shes given me scraps more times then I can count.Aside from that one major reason some FTL people will not like this game is simple, as the game sits right now it feels like no matter what you do it doesn't matter, there are no serious mistakes I've lost a car a few times in the desert but almost immediately found another one which was better, I don't even read the dialog anymore I just click the first option and keep moving towards the boss, in FTL your choices mattered."
,Recommended,318230,16284845,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,hellbuny,"FTL + Mad Max = Convoy = Win.This is an absolutely fantastic game, and the little details that keep coming out are amazing.  I can't wait for further development and look forward to many more playthroughs.  This has replaced FTL (for now) as my rougelike -rouguelite esque game.  <3<3<3"
76561198051955814,Not Recommended,318230,16124296,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Unexpected Spaniard,"I would love to recommend this game, I really would. But it's just too buggy. I've never gotten farther than five minutes in before either the game doesn't let me move around the open world map or I instantly run out of fuel mere seconds after leaving the spaceship. It looks like a really fun game however in its current state is just simply unplayable."
,Recommended,318230,15486836,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jinsaku,"Convoy follows along the path that FTL magnificently carved back in 2012. Originating from the same kickstater footsteps, though not as successfully, Convoy should have been an evolutionary follow up to FTL: open world exploration and lots of customization on your convoy as well as a different combat system entirely.Unfortunately, Convoy might have had some big ideas, but those ideas are fundamentally flawed.In Convoy, you play a squad of crash-landers on a planet and you need to scavenge parts to fix your ship and return to space. You start with a core rover that you don't control that has an EMP weapon and two extra trucks that can move around and shoot. From this humble group, you can wander around, complete missions, buy stuff, add new trucks, upgrade your vehicles, and eventually find all the parts you need to fix the ship and leave the planet.Convoy has a similar to narrative-driven mission system as FTL. You have random encounters and encounters you can drive to on the map. All of the story points in these are driven through narrative choice, giving you a sense of agency in the game. The story points were cute and fun, and I have to assume have an element of randomness to the results. In one game, you choose option A, in another you choose option A again and perhaps get a different result.Unlike FTL where you're constantly moving right and difficulty scaling the further right you go, Convoy is more open world. This makes the progression feel less fun overall and focuses that progression solely on your convoy. The difficulty didn't feel to scale very well either, but that might change with subsequent playthroughs.The combat system is where Convoy vastly differs from FTL. Instead of a static ship to ship interface with your little dudes moving around the ship fixing and working systems, you have little trucks that move around the map, shooting and ramming things, and environmental hazards along the way while the combat always is moving to the right. It's a good idea and well executed, but outside of a select boss fight or two, even on one playthrough the combat got super repetitive.At the point of this review, I played about 2 hours, only 1 game, and beat the scenario on Easy during that playthrough. For comparison's sake, FTL on easy took me about 70 hours to finally beat once. I'm sure the game is much more difficult on harder levels, but similar to FTL scaling difficulty just means fewer resources, maybe a bit harder of enemies, but nothing more interesting.I enjoyed my playthrough. I'm not sure there's enough content to keep me interested in achievement-based unlocks, which is all of the progression left in the game after you beat it: be able to start with a different core unit and different trucks. I don't believe the core 4 missions change at all.I enjoyed it. It's a fun experience. This will definitely get a lot better with more variety, and I will definitely come back to it in the future."
76561198138318193,Recommended,318230,16242897,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,WraithAgain,Great game seriously worth checking out. I completed it in 3 hours so more content needs adding! However it's soooooo pretty watching enemies go KABOOM in a puff of pixels.
,Recommended,318230,24502711,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sliver,Take FTL. Make it non-linear. Now give it a Mad Max setting. Enjoy!
,Recommended,318230,18076531,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Dreganius,"A bit short-lived once you get good at it, but I definitely enjoyed it. The soundtrack is really good, and they need to release it as a seperate piece of merchandise outside of a bundle on their website/on GoG, for people like me who bought the game BEFORE the soundtrack was available with it.If this game expands in the future and has modding support and custom assets, I will be all over it."
76561198040996114,Recommended,318230,15975497,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,scrawford65,"It really is Mad Max mashed with FTL, but it lacks many of the things that makes FTL great and contains none of the thrill that makes MM so intense. Overall 8/10.That's the summary, here's my review.I thought this looked really enjoyable and bought it the second the trailer finished. My one and only regret is not waiting for the price to go down. This game isn't worth $15. It is easily worth $7-10. So if the price goes down, jump at it. Here's why.This game is intensely engaging. The atmosphere is oppressive, even on mute. You start obsessing over that kilometer counter, praying for those digits to tick faster. Your spine will be wrecked as you sit on edge praying that a chance encounter won't pop up because your Man Carrier Vehicle is shot half to hell and your squad doesn't have much left before it falls the rest of the way. It's wonderful in that regard.The combat is endearing but not a real selling point. You fight by managing your vehicles, which means directing your fire and your position, as many weapons need a line of sight to shoot, obviously. This can be irritating as first, but once you get good at it it starts to be a thrill as you abandon the pause button in favor of high speed maneuvering (within the screen limits) and rapid fire combat.The story is fairly engaging. You are a spaceship stranded on the planet of Omek Prime due to an on board catastrophe, and must take your MCV and vehicle squad traversing across the planet to find the parts necessary to repairs. One of them is a flux capacitor. 'Nuff said?The random encounters are fairly well spaced and don't ever strike me as unfair. But they are incredibly repetitive. It's not that there's only a handful; there's at least a dozen special ones and a fair few ""just fight"" one's. And at all times in negotiations/quests/encounters you have the option to flip♥♥♥♥♥♥and start shooting. The problem is that the dialogue trees never get changed up; the same path always leads to the same result. So once you play once or twice you know exactly how to get the desired results from the encounters.It would really be great if future updates would include some combat overhauls. The ability to target weapons or wheels in the same way you target compartments in FTL would be wonderful, as would the ability to shove a car into the way of an oncoming building instead of trying (and usually failing) to trap them in front of it. And I will warm that I have effectively made the game unbeatable due to a combination of starting vehicles and weapon choice. I don't know how to fix this, but I really hope a way is found. It's kinda boring now.This really is a great game though. As soon as it goes on sale, get it."
,Recommended,318230,20203834,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hepcat560man,"This Game is absolutely wonderful, Roguelike elements are challenging and fun and the atmosphere is set well I do quite enjoy the wacky world of Omek Prime and it's warring factions, my only complaint is a lack of steam workshop content and unforgiving difficulty in the normal and hard modes.Pros:-Nice pixel graphics, Visually appealing-Smooth gameplay, rewarding objectives-Random events pop up as radio signals to be investigated-Decent variety of cars and MCVs to unlock and choose from-Remarkebly stable for an alpha build-Charming story line and fun challenging mini-bosses.Cons:-Had some issues running on Windows 7-Hard and normal difficulties unapproachable to those new to Roguelikes-Occasional freezing during combatOverall Convoy is a lovely game with remarkable combat and vehichular mayhem blazing across an apocalyptic planet lost somewhere in deep space. I absolutely love this game and I recommend getting it, though the full price is a little expensive it is worth it, however I suggest you grab this game while it's on sale."
76561198028090740,Recommended,318230,32876502,Posted: 27 June,all,SiNnEdBtHyNaMe,for a game that follows the ftl and other genres    this game is good      can be buggy some times  but the overall  fun factor to me kept me busy for times when sitting around waiting  was  good       to me a great rainy day game when  you dont want too heavy a game    but you want a challenge    when its on sale buy it   if you like  a building searching quest type game  while  trying to micro manage
,Recommended,318230,32783373,Posted: 25 June,all,Dr. Cold Medicine,"Basically FTL but much more active gameplay-wise and enjoyable free-form exploration of a much more confined (but more cohesive without being rushed into skipping landmarks) planet with a decent amount of variety between weapons and vehicles and some very amusing quests and mini-bosses. If you like FTL, there's a high chance you'll enjoy this game!"
76561198022415153,Recommended,318230,19876137,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,invaderzim48,"""Actually, We'll just kill you"" is a viable dialouge option. I'm done."
,Recommended,318230,23659195,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ArmensPeas,One of my favorites of 2015; highly replayable with a fantastic soundtrack.10/10 - Would crash on an alien world again (& again).
,Recommended,318230,20407919,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SuperPope,"I enjoy this game, although it is frustratingly unfair and not nearly as compelling or polished as the game that inspired it: FTL.  My main complaint is that the strength of the enemies ramps up rapidly to meet your skill, so unlike in FTL you can never get a really clear advantage on your opponent for long.I've yet to successfully finish a playthrough.  Once I got down to the final stage of getting the final part I needed, and was just overwhelmed and destroyed suddenly.  Unlike in FTL, when you lose you'll probably quit the game and try again another day, rather than feeling compelled to immediately give it another go."
76561197973818633,Recommended,318230,22317404,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dubcee,"Great game.The core madmax inspired, combat gameplay is very satisfying.  The strategy map, multiple choice story elements and the car customization layers are not as satisfying.  The difficulty progression triggers feel odd too.  However, everything works well together and focuses toward the game's strength:  the tactical combat.  Very much an FTL-like game."
,Recommended,318230,22339602,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Zygomorphic Glop of Cake,"Now, I don't post reviews unless I really like a game, or I really hate a game. In this case, it's the former. It has great gameplay and pretty good mechanics. However, a game is not without cons. Convoy has a pretty reppetitive storyline, and has quite a few bugs. However, this still remains as one of the best games I've played in a while, so 9.6/10"
,Recommended,318230,30347726,Posted: 5 March,all,Dangerous Beans,"You wander a post-apocalyptic desert encountering random events and battles. The rewards you gain from these can be used to upgrade and repair your convoy of trucks with weapons, armor, etc.This is not a rogue-like by any stretch of the imagination, but it is reminiscent of some old procedural text adventure games, and is similar to FTL in that regard."
,Recommended,318230,33430823,Posted: 10 July,all,Huib,"A fun and challenging game with quite a few challenges on the way. Mainly controlled by the mouse, and you have to micromanage quite a bit! If you enjoy games like FTL, you will enjoy Convoy."
76561198037999256,Recommended,318230,15891741,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tools of Math Instruction,It is like FTL meets road warrior.  I like it as i  did FTL though FTL has a better soundtrack. I play it often and like the theme.
,Recommended,318230,19443553,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bormotoon,FTL + MadMax in 75:25 proportion. Perfect!
,Recommended,318230,19993899,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TitaniumPants,Highly recommend to FTL fans.
,Recommended,318230,19985932,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ness1228,"I'm gonna try my best to review this without mentioning FTL and/or Mad Max.... and I've failed already.Pros:Light Real-Time Strategy combatAble to give commands in combat while the game is pausedEasy, Normal and Hard modes to suit your playstyleLots of things to unlockSteam Workshop CompatibleReferences such as Back To the Future, Doctor Who, etc. scattered throughout the gameOptional replayable tutorial to get the hang of the game for beginnersSelective objective markers point you where you want/need to go so you never get lostCons:The map is the same each playthrough, the only difference is the objective locationsThe music, catchy as first, gets old after a while, and the final boss music leaves much to be desiredLong initial startup loading time, I sometimes think the game freezes on startupCombat is unique at first but gets repetitive rather quicklyNot many different weapons to choose from; each playthrough and battle feel almost exactly the sameVehicle pathing seems to be inconsistent; in some cases, one of your vehicles may instantly die because the AI steered directly into an obstacle you blatantly told it to avoid.The gameplay is divided between traversing the map and being in battles (that occur as frequently as a random encounter in an RPG). In the world map, you simply move your convoy to the objective points in a top-down view. In battle, you have escort vehicles which you can command to move to protect your convoy, as well as command said escort vehicles to attack enemy vehicles. You can gain bolts (the currency in the game) and fuel (which allow you to traverse the world map) from battles and events, and you can use the bolts to buy new weapons and upgrade your vehicles at camps (i.e. stores) scattered throughout the map.The game is very entertaining with moderate replay value, but within 3 or 4 playthroughs you've experienced everything the game has to offer. The combat is nice, but gets very repetitive and monotonous rather quickly, and the 'random events' all feel the same after a while.My overall thoughts:You probably wouldn't enjoy this game if you didn't already enjoy FTL, as the replay value is restricted only by your desire to unlock the other vehicles and/or achievements. I think it has a lot of potential; similar to the Advanced Edition update of FTL, I feel this game could definitely benefit from such a content update."
76561197977400499,Recommended,318230,23830791,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LeeHarveyOswald |LMC| (Pschwomp),as good as FTL imo
,Recommended,318230,18671765,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,Basically FTL in Australia.
,Recommended,318230,33259441,Posted: 4 July,all,Alexi Ayres,"Convoy is a  fun game BUT requires a lot of patience to learn the mechanics.A lot of the initial gameplay depends on luck.During my games  I found some random encounters that are so difficult and unfair it becomes eventual death, even in the beginning on easy.Tutorial does not give me enough information to prepare for survival."
,Recommended,318230,34618882,Posted: 30 August,all,Exustio,"The game becomes a bit repetitive, and the pool of scenarios is somewhat limited. I encountered several events twice in just two runs. However, this mix between classic RPG and RTS elements are in my oppinion a bit of fresh air and easily makes it worth it's cost."
,Recommended,318230,32890695,Posted: 27 June,all,benjamin,"I rarely write reviews for games, but...... so far, this game is good fun, quite similar to FTL in some ways, but totally not in others. It's my type of game, I'm liking it.But the Discworld-referencing-random-encounter just made me cry-so-happy. Good works guys, now I love your game _forever_."
76561197993750786,Not Recommended,318230,15569260,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,[GD12]KevinM,"Ugh too many game breaking bugs.Had the main quest line permantely break on me twice, which sucks as its a fun game. Let this one cook a bit and maybe they will fix it. For now avoid this or just get it only on sale."
,Recommended,318230,24534305,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,genkipro,"OVERVIEWConvoy is described as a ""tactical roguelike"", heavily influenced by FTL and Mad Max, according to its developers.Your spaceship experiences damage in an asteroid field and is forced to land on a post-apocalyptic-style desert planet where three factions are at war. You take control of a small convoy of armed vehicles as you set out across the planet to gather the equipment and supplies required to repair your spaceship.GraphicsConvoy's pixel graphics are fairly raw, but have definite appeal. The post-apocalyptic wasteland they portray reminds me of Borderlands, with neurotic NPCs and bright, loud shops. Unfortunately, though, there's little variation in the battlefield graphics and most of the vehicles look very similar, with only a handful of basic types that you see repeated often. There are not even any significant differences between the vehicles used by the three different factions. Weapon effects are good, though.The game interface, however, is a bit messy and nowhere near as elegant as FTL's. There's a lot of wasted space, you can only get weapon and vehicle tooltips sometimes, and it looks pretty ugly.Video options are limited, but you won't encounter any graphics-related performance issues even running on integrated laptop graphics. I did find it much easier playing in full screen than windowed, due to font scaling causing the text to be hard to read when windowed.SoundThe game takes a minimalist approach to sound that is very similar to FTL's. There's background music that is relatively benign and unassuming playing throughout, and a few sounds as you press buttons and open and close parts of the interface. Then there are occasional event sounds, which are typically short and serve mainly just to highlight the event as something new.Battle features much more comprehensive sound effects and is quite satisfying. There are no voices and no all-pervasive engine and off-road vehicle sounds, which is both good and bad.GameplayConvoy plays very much like a ground-based FTL, which I can only assume was the developers' intention. You begin the game with your Main Convoy Vehicle (MCV) and two escort vehicles at the landing site of your spaceship. From there you travel by right-clicking on the 2D overland map towards the mission waypoints that are added for each of the four components you need to repair your ship. The map also highlights other points of interest such as camps and any radio transmissions you detect.As you travel you may randomly encounter groups of enemy vehicles for any of the three factions: Raiders, T.O.R.V.A.K, and Privateers. These encounters usually provide a number of dialogue or action choices, which almost always end up with you burning some of your limited fuel by escaping, or engaging the vehicles in combat.The game then switches to a sort-of side-on three-quarter view showing your convoy speeding across one of a small number of types of desert terrain. The enemy vehicles approach and you manoeuvre your vehicles around in real time (using space to pause and issue new orders if required), using their weapons and utilities to dispatch the enemy before the enemy can destroy your MCV. Damage from one battle carries over to the next, so you regularly need to find camps with repair facilities or return to your downed space ship in order to repair your MCV and other vehicles.The game only allows a maximum of four escort vehicles plus your MCV, but you can upgrade vehicles in shops and find and purchase better weapons and equipment as you play, allowing for some pretty formidable vehicles. Combat can also get pretty hectic, so it's worthwhile pausing the game every now and then just to check that your vehicles have an appropriate target, and line of sight allows clear attacks. Unfortunately the interface doesn't make this as easy as it could be, and I've often forgotten which weapons and equipment are mounted on which vehicles, or not noticed when a vehicle is not attacking because its target has moved out of line of sight.I've noticed a few reviews here saying that Convoy is easy and has no replayability. Well so far I've spent over four hours just on one play through of the game before my MCV was destroyed. I can see that the lack of a time limit reduces replayability compared to FTL, because each game of Convoy can last for much longer and show you much more of the game, but there are still many hours' worth of enjoyment here.Convoy is largely similar to FTL in mechanics, but it's not a carbon copy. Here's a quick comparison list of some important differences between Convoy and FTL:+ Convoy has Steam achievements and Trading Cards (I can't believe FTL still doesn't have proper Steam integration!)+ Convoy seems to have a less random difficulty; each game is generally better balanced with the last than FTL~ Where FTL continually pushes you forward, Convoy has no time limit, allowing more exploration each game, but at the cost of replayability~ Where FTL is serious, Convoy has a sense of humour (including modern popular culture references)~ Convoy's combat is faster and with less precise control; some players may like this more- Convoy is much less polished: a messy, unintuitive interface; and much worse writing with hordes of grammatical errors- Convoy seems to have fewer interesting random events, which seem to be much more similar each play through than with FTL- FTL's races make a big difference, whereas Convoy's factions are pretty much irrelevant- Convoy has fewer challenges and unlocks than FTL, again costing replayabilityPROS AND CONSPros:+ A fun setting inspired by Mad Max, Fallout, Borderlands, and other post-apocalyptic worlds+ Replayable, although not as much so as FTL+ Steam Achievements and Trading CardsCons:- Unpolished- Could be so much more replayable with more random events and challenges leading to more unlockablesCONCLUSIONConvoy is obviously influenced heavily by FTL. Some of the departures it takes from FTL's mechanics work well and others not so well, but it's a good fun game in its own right. It just needs a bit more polish.7/10"
,Recommended,318230,19791714,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bombs,"It's all about protecting the Convoy so you can get the necessaries pieces of the ship and GTFO.This is game ♥♥♥♥in amazing, i had a lot of fun with it, i already beated it on Easy, Medium and Hard.The game might seem like hard at first but once you understand the game patterns it gets fairly easy.The only downside is that the number of events are so small, and after u played it like 3~5 times it gets pretty easy to know what is the best decision for each scenario, which means the game should have been made with many more situations, i say 3x times more, other than that is a pretty fun game and worth the money, looking forward for the next products of these developers.Music is 8/10Gameplay 9/10Replayability 0/5Story is 7/10Overall i say 8\10."
76561198068431321,Recommended,318230,29531675,Posted: 27 January,all,mijxero,"I saw the trailer for this game and thought that it looked great, but was worried that it wouldn't really deliver.  This game is much like FTL, but seems to play out even smoother.  Moving your vehicles around and using abilities feels very rewarding.  Every time you box in an opponent and run them into a mountain you gotta give yourself a high five."
76561198027983219,Recommended,318230,19431724,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,poobah_kryos,"This game is very similar in feel to FTL, but completely different. A wonderful game and I recommend you buy it!"
,Recommended,318230,19347084,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"yep... it's fun, addictive, and has tactical depth. I never really know if a rogue-lite/rogue-like is going to have that certain feeling I'm looking for (that balance of RNG and risk vs. reward where it feels challenging but not unfair..if you're into these kind of games I'm sure you know exactly the feeling that I'm trying to describe) well this game has that feeling. {Solid purchase: 8.5/10}"
,Recommended,318230,19408238,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FESTY_666,"Perfect successor to FTL.Graphics are nice and sharp, gameplay is super smooth. Combat itself is much more active and involved compared to FTL, making you maneuver through mines and other damaging objects, plus it just feels cool being in a high-speed pursuit on the barren sands of a lawless planet.The number of vehicles and weapons you'll find /are/ a little limited, meaning you will most likely encounter all of them during a single playthrough despite there being a pretty good number of both. The vanilla contents was just fine for me but if you're a person who likes a ton of variety the mod community greatly extends what the game can provide.Worth the money? Absolutely. I've finished the game three times so far and it's still extremely fun."
,Recommended,318230,19340353,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blobbert,Awesome game. Very FTL-inspired but holds its own as a unique game concept.
,Recommended,318230,21229530,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"Convoy is very profoundly OK.  It's not great.  There's a point where you're 'working things out' and a point where you feel like 'things should have been explained better'.If you think that FTL should have been based in the Mad Max desert, and that there wasn't enough variety of weapon and explosion noises, then you'll probably enjoy Convoy.  It's different, and with a ton more polish, it could be great.  I played it for a few hours while suffering from insomnia, and I knew what I was in for.  I got what I was expecting.  If you're good at games, save it for when you've got a severe hangover, and you're looking for something that's highly repetitive, but not completely repetitive."
76561198083801284,Recommended,318230,20435109,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Alien Hands,"Very good game, quite fun to play on harder difficulties. Definitely worth the price. Though I wish it had a little more content, it is always fun to play, and quite unforgiving in the beginning."
76561198104298220,Recommended,318230,15990183,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Elek,"It's entertaining. Not great, but certainly entertaining.The story is fun the first couple of runs, the references are amusing if somewhat overdone, and gameplay is challenging enough.If you like FTL or Sunless Sea and want a change of setting for a couple of hours - go for it, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,318230,16970760,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,omony,Very nice! Like playing classic fallout and FTL at the same time.
,Recommended,318230,18044211,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Astronic Horizon eSports,"A very interesting concept. Difficulty is really hard, but easer than FTL. A must have in your library.Ign rates 10/10 would run out of fuel again."
,Recommended,318230,20582224,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Skewie1k,"FTL and Madmax made a baby. Need I say more?The game is clearly heavily inspired by FTL (another great game) so if you liked that, try out Convoy! The art and graphics are not as polished, although the mechanics, style, and uniqueness of it makes the game enjoyable. Like FTL, there are side quests, (mini-)bosses, customization, and more.Updates are a little on the slow side, but I'm sure after a little polish here and there the game will be very much worth your time."
76561198067473564,Recommended,318230,15776087,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,francis_rob2000,"Great game, try it at easy first it is really hard."
76561198134701797,Recommended,318230,19397224,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rapscallion_Lad,"Named my Rig Furiosa and my two starting vehicles Mad Max and Nux...went YOLO with Nux and drove both myself and the enemy vehicle into rock wall while screaming ""What a day! What A Lovely Day!""10/10"
76561197972397723,Recommended,318230,19402104,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Batpimp,Awesome! I've been waiting for something to come out that had the fun and spirit of FTL.  Great game!
,Recommended,318230,19648920,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,GreyKnight,A cracking little game. I loved it!
,Recommended,318230,21165939,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SJET Inc.,"This game is so awesome, you could play this game for hours just focusing on the main objective alone, lots or replayability   however the game is quite difficult when you first pick it up if you don't know what you're doing. But other than that this is one that I would recommend to any fan of strategy/Mad Max esque games!"
76561198002102595,Recommended,318230,21383932,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BardsSingOfMe,FTL on the ground! Super fun for several play throughs. If you enjoyed FTL then this should be right up your ally although just a smidge less difficult IMO. Highly recommended.
76561198051212542,Recommended,318230,15491647,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,gunslinger.mc,"Initially, I ended up with a Not Recommended for this game. The devs have addressed some of the issues since then, and since that did affect some of my grievances, I am confortable with recommending this now.When you hear this is similar to FTL, think 'vaguely similar'. It has equipment management, it has general storyline, it has bosses, it has unlocks. What is different:* This game is significantly different in 'easy to learn, hard to master' area, because it's harder to learn, and, being open-world and all that, is somewhat easier to master... on Easy difficulty at least.* Time pressing isn't really pressing, so you can farm. The game does gets tougher the tougher you are, but you can still hang around the camp and repair after each combat.* Backtracking. You will do a lot, but that's rogue-like open world to you.What will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off early on:* UI and controls. Especially vehicle behaviour early on. Hint: invest in vehicle handling.* Different outcomes for the same decisions. Hint: deal with it, it's the designer having fun with you.* Boss difficulty. Hint: try to drop your starter cars for something tougher.* Endless cultural references with next to no original writing. No remedy for that, guys.What you should look forward to:* Multiple 'Hell, Yeah's as you build up, one-shot enemies, hit everyone with a single missile or push a foe into a rock face.* Flexible difficulty* Unlocks that actually matter* Solid replayability."
76561198193865253,Recommended,318230,16003933,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,VisioningWand,Good game but when you arrive at ceaser's chop shop and shoot him the game bugs and doesn't let you leave.
,Recommended,318230,19447639,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jord68,"~Reference: The Game!~Great little game, very fun. But seriously guys, tone down on the references next time. I feel like I'm playing a family guy cutaway joke every few mins lol"
76561197990706325,Recommended,318230,20922009,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sledg,"Awesome game! If you like FTL, then you will like this."
76561198127238736,Recommended,318230,21166173,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tbaet,By god I love this game
,Recommended,318230,21931619,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Desertdare,"For years now I've been looking for a game that somewhat related to FTL, and if this game doesnt surpass FTL for you, it'll atleast compare equally. This game is quite strategic and has some brutal punishments if you make even the slightest mistake XD. Get it."
,Recommended,318230,19387394,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Draegunier,"Convoy is a very challenging game. It takes several tries to figure out a strategy that will work for you, and the battles get very interesting. There's humor injected in some of the scenarios here and there, and you can find several means of getting better. Unlockables challenge you to try different starting combinations.Managed to finish one game so far, looking forward to my next game."
,Recommended,318230,19405057,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,luke.1947,"3 hours in and i really enjoy it, it can get unfairly hard late game but i guess thats part of the appeal"
76561198083210076,Recommended,318230,19437525,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Mullen [5th RB],"I really love this game. It plays much like FTL: Faster Than Light, which is one of my favorite games. It is a scrolling, 2D, point and click game but has great value. I have not yet currently beat it but I am very close. Convoy has good story line and funny narratives. It is strategical and is a game I have been looking for. Think of it kind of as a mixture between games like FTL an and that mission in Halo 4 where you you have to protect the elephant. You are a convoy (hence the name). You are supposed to protect the main truck – called the MCV - by moving your convoy's trucks around destroying enemies while avoiding projectiles, wreckage or natural elements. There is a mixture of upgrades and chooseable vehicles. I highly rate this game. 9/10"
76561197968601969,Recommended,318230,21212975,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Xeitz,Convoy is FTL meets Mad Max. If you're a fan of FTL's style of gameplay I'd recommend giving this game a try.
76561198038592281,Recommended,318230,19415151,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Blu Waffles,skipped some convo with some bar hag and got my convoyed blown to bits. Read everything is the lesson I learned. This is FTL with wheels and some nice weapon upgrades. for the price its fun and got tons of replay value with all the unlockable trucks!!
,Recommended,318230,24407949,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,PaMelrabo,"Far too easy, you climb to overpower until you complete the quests and the cheato final boss with cheap doomsday weapons you've never seen in the whole game appears. Blow all his weapons without really much problems and you'll face the laser that 1-hits your maxed vehicles.Pfff...Could do with some additional work in the world map and minor details, but it's ok if you bought it on sale. Don't see myself coming back, anyway. It's a pity, I love vehicular combat."
76561198002450835,Recommended,318230,29812606,Posted: 9 February,all,Nutlaw,"Although not quite as involved, this is a great game for someone looking for a new FTL-like fix. Buying or finding and upgrading and outfitting all of your vehicles is a lot of fun. The quests are serviceable and good enough to keep you busy. Outposts are spaced far enough apart to make things difficult and keep you on the edge of your seat. Lots of unlockables add to the replay value. Highly recommend!Some tips: Note that most vehicles have a line of sight, so reposition or retarget so that your vehicles don't stop attacking. Note the three different types of equipment (red, yellow, and white) and where you can equip them. Don't miss the fact that your central vehicle equips white items. Engage in any battle that you are healthy enough to fight. Otherwise, you'll start to run low on scrap and fuel."
76561198007182373,Recommended,318230,21123668,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lionhead Bookends,"So, it's a good kind of fun. It's got a lot of similarities with FTL, but the combat's a bit more fast-paced. It's also just a touch less interactive, in my opinion. Although, I did lose an escort vehicle my very first combat, and didn't manage to keep its replacement in one piece for very long at all, so someone with better luck might find the extra vehicles change things significantly.I did Quite A Lot of ramming my vehicles into other vehicles, which was unpleasant, but effective. I didn't much care for losing health with every hit, but it did a significant amount of damage, allowed me to control the positioning of my enemies, and make them run into walls. That was the main method I used for eliminating targets.The parts of the soundtrack I heard were alternately nice and unremarkable. Not very intrusive, but enjoyable when I had attention to spare for them.Traversing the main map is boring. The icon that represents your convoy moves really slowly, and slower over higher elevations. It doesn't make it clear how this affects ""scenario"" rates (the games term for encounters), and is just ... well, they could double the speed without losing much.The writing is a bit of a clashing mix between bizarre pop culture references, slapstick comedy, and serious wasteland survival drama. Not really a selling point, but I didn't find it frustrating enough to be a turn-off, either.My final recommendation: buy it on sale."
,Recommended,318230,30216145,Posted: 27 February,all,Blaargh,"Like everyone said: FTL meets Mad Max.The main story is a bit short but that's compensated bay the variety of the encounters, making sure every run is different.And finding stuff like this is priceless:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=624065868"
76561198123634613,Recommended,318230,33084577,Posted: 1 July,all,honcho12,"The description says it's inspired by Mad Max and FTL, and it's pretty much Mad Max set in the FTL universe.  It's not as hard as FTL, but it is definitely challenging and has great replay value."
76561198014010602,Recommended,318230,33119787,Posted: 2 July,all,sinister wang,"Think FTL but on the ground with an open map and a convoy of vehicles in a post-apocalyptic setting. I picked this up for $3.75 (Aussie dollars that is) during the 2017 Summary Sale and I'm very happy with my purchase.Can't help but compare to FTL - it's very similar but with a enough notable differences to make it feel like its own game. It doesn't have quite the same level of polish, but if you loved FTL than you will probably find this game value for money even at full price."
76561198006919561,Recommended,318230,28899337,Posted: 1 January,all,Dunkelzahn,"Great game.Looking for FTL but with deeper combat tactics rather than gear checks and a Mad Max feel, this is the one for you.It doesn't have the sheer level of random events FTL does but there's plenty to keep you interested and like FTL the ""Correct"" path is randomized so you can't just learn them anyway.The game manages to be difficult without requiring 1 specific way of building in order to win with any consistency and has me repeatedly coming back for another try with another MCV/Escort combination.Cannot recommend this game enough."
76561197973897623,Recommended,318230,22169509,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nathan2000,"This game is phenominal, I won't write out a lengthy review, seeing as there are plenty of those, but I will say that this game has taken place as one of my favorite games of all time. I hope that as time goes on, we get more talented modders in our community so that this game may flourish in all it's glory."
76561197992833880,Recommended,318230,15495054,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Danimosity,"I am really enjoying this game. I have been dreaming of a Roadwar 2000 remake, and unitl that happens, this is a great addition to the vehicular combat genre.  Combat is tactical and enjoyable, and the game has relatively high replay value, with new vehicles and such unlocked upon completion and various achievements. If you think you would like it, then you will."
,Recommended,318230,15694592,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Insane,great fun!
,Recommended,318230,15576427,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ConCave,"It is reminiscent of FTL, but has more engaging combat, lower wait times, and is more sandboxy with its progression."
,Recommended,318230,19927644,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gg unit,The number one reason I play is to try new things.Convoy is a novel game in among endless recreations. Not just re-arranged elements but a gameplay style I haven't seen before.There is no doubt it is 'FTL meets Mad Max' but it gave me that same feeling I remember from consoles as a kid.5/5
76561197970493966,Recommended,318230,15753595,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Precache,"Convoy is basically a retro strategy version of Madmax. When I saw the kickstarter I was a little intimidated by the seeming complexity of interface, but I found it simple to jump in and start playing. Most of what needed to be figured out I was able to get a handle on in the first 20 minutes. While the game starts off being mostly resource management, it quickly switches gears to exploration and powering up your convoy about midway through your first playthrough.The graphics are a bit lackluster and they don’t really get across the wild atmosphere the rest of the game is striving for. The grayscale hex based landscape feels more like you are exploring a desolate moon rather than the psycho-punk desert wasteland described in the text.Speaking of which, while I hate reading walls of text, they weren’t a problem here. Most of the text is short and to the point.Total playtime will run you maybe 6 hours to beating it on easy, and 30 hours to completing most of the challenges. No bugs to speak of.Final Grade: B+Similar games: Pirates!, FTL, Weird Worlds, Wasteland"
76561198044662948,Recommended,318230,15527380,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,The Taco of Truth,"For the price, it's definitely a good buy.  Visuals in this game are nice, and there are lots of fun, little easter eggs and references scattered throughout the world.  The combat is great and it feels really great to outsmart your opponents by cutting them off and making them run into cliffs or ramming them off the sides of bridges.  There a few bugs here and there, but the game's only been out a few days, and those should be resolved pretty soon.  If you have an extra $15, I'd definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,318230,15671416,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Grayson,"It's missing the depth, polish, difficulty, variety and excitement of FTL. It's repetitive and small. It's neither tactical nor a rogue-like. Dialogue choices exist that are insta-lose. Combat quickly becomes a repetitive slog, and equipment progresses linearly: you simply buy the better item.It feels like there are so many missed opportunities. Why does my convoy begin every fight in the formation I ended the last one in? I've driven forty kilometres--we couldn't have gotten back into a formation of my choosing? Why can't I control my mcv's movement? It's a car with a driver, so how about letting me drive the thing? How do you develop a vehicular combat game and not include manoeuvrability-reducing effects?But it's still a lot of fun. If you're told ""it's an FTL clone with cars and a tenth of the content"" and still want to play that? You'll get exactly what you expected."
,Recommended,318230,16605537,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pin-Up Punk,"As many have said before it, this is pretty much FTL meets Mad Max. If you loved FTL, then you'll love this. If you like Mad Max's vehicular, post-apocalyptic mayhem, then you should check this game out. The only real complaint I have is that the game's difficulty can be pretty sadistic at times, even on Easy. I also kinda wish the game was a little bit more like the Mad Max films thematically. I didn't expect so much emphasis on sci-fi over the gritty wastelands and insane clans that the movies like to show off.All in all, a neat little game that will hold your attention for a while. I wouldn't pay more than $12 for it, though."
,Recommended,318230,15691408,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,A Slightly Overweight Duck,spent all of my money upgrading a vehiclecrashed it during the next encounter10/10
76561198069296571,Recommended,318230,23293112,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Thurian,"This is a great game if your lookin to get more of that Ftl ""Fix"". very fun and intriguing gameplay, and the dialouge/story made me laugh a couple times"
,Recommended,318230,17282573,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Jdoki,"The game Convoy is somewhat disappointingly not based on the 1978 movie starring Kris Kristofferson and Ali McGraw!Instead, Convoy is a roguelike with heavy influences from FTL, Mad Max and a few knowing winks to popular culture. And it's a mighty fine game.Let's get this out of the way. FTL is probably slightly better from a gameplay stand point. Although a lot of that will depend on your preference of either sci-fi or post-apocalyptic wasteland setting.The main premise of the game is to complete four objectives to repair your crashed spaceship and get off the planet. To do this you pilot a giant MCV across the wastelands in search of components and people, battling through ambushes and surviving random encounters with a host of weird characters.Your MCV is fairly defenceless, so to help survive you have assault buggies and jeep that can be upgraded and armed to the teeth. As these vehicles can be maneuvered during battle it adds a much more tactical element compared to FTL. Batles often go down to the wore, and losing the MCV means game over. The challenge is high in this game, and one random encounter can easily spell doom... Just at it should be in a roguelike. Managing fuel and money is a critical skill.Overall this is a fine entry in the genre, with great music and graphics. Gameplay is solid and taxing. You can check out more on Convoy in my playthrough vids below:https://youtu.be/hZdued3T5zI"
,Recommended,318230,24798174,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Skelebutt,This game is really fun and i recomend it... unless you cant play stressful games
76561198014154790,Not Recommended,318230,15770553,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BaleFire77,"i like the idea of the game, but in the hour that i tried, it unrecoverably(inrecoverably?) glitched out 5/6 games i started. and the 1 that didnt glitch i died within the first few minutes because 1 of my vehicles didn't promptly obey a movement command and it crashed into an oncoming obstacle.maybe i'll come back to it if it continues to get patches and stuff, but for me at least it is totally unplayable..."
76561198119184217,Recommended,318230,21045810,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,REDSHIFT,A great combo of Mad Max and FTL. The combat system and replayability factor make it a really good game.10/10Would encounter the Bearded Bunny gang again.
,Recommended,318230,21041742,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cyberholn,"If you liked FTL, you will probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,318230,21058627,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nox,"Wow ok this game was a total surprise find.  I love it.  It's car wars, baby.I highly recommend it.  It's not easy, and I hate the save system, but man it's fun."
76561198077815717,Recommended,318230,19561406,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bob,"It's really goodPros:Intense & strategic combatFreedom of exploration with classic-Fallout style overworldA roguelike game that doesn't screw you over as much as other roguelikes (I consider this a plus, dunno about you)Great for fans of FTLCons:Massive difficulty spike (you will know what I'm talking about)UI sometimes a little clunky8/10TL;DR: It's good."
,Recommended,318230,17667524,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tetracross,"I was never a backer of Convoy since I never knew of its existance until about 2 weeks ago. I debated on purchasing because I haven't kept a stern following with games like FTL or the top down rogue like games currently out there.Purchased it and loved the game for probably 4 hours. Then i realized that the game is VERY limited in scope. The replayability is great but the core dynamics of the combat are repetitive and get rather dull over a long play. I found myself wanting more out of combat and wanting more vehicle options but nothing changed. There are factions in the game but those are just there for looks it seems or possibly place holders for later. I couldn't seem to align myself with any faction or build a reputation that could net me any benefit.The Audio is repetitive and it loops continously. Combat audio is the same. After the 10 battle I realize the music wasn't going to change.I only recommend this game as a small time waster but anything more and you'll just get bored with nothing new happening within the world, other than the same random diologues, and small sidequests."
,Recommended,318230,33491725,Posted: 12 July,all,EBoyCheese,"Not as good as FTL, but it is still very good. Seems hard at first but as time goes by you'll get better. I would give a 11.7/13.38"
,Recommended,318230,33240012,Posted: 4 July,all,[<3] Metalacil,"I'm the first who beaten the game on easy, normal and hard !!!UNPAUSED!!! Go watch the run if you dont believe me!https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4787796Convoy is roguelite inspired by Mad Max and FTL. You are in a wasteland in search for parts for your Spaceship.In Convoy you got a main unit always the same speed that can use up to 4 skills.And additionally you can get 1 to 4 escorts to protect the main convoy. The 4 escorts can be move separately and can target indivudally. They can have weapons or shield or a taunt.The main convoy can have weapons/ shield or drones that repair or leech hp. There are also shops troughout the map where you can buy escorts or items and upgrades.Every escort can have its stats upgraded, like better aim/defence/speed. There are 3factions that are fighting for control which can help or hinder you.The biggest selling point is the RNG + the random events. The events will have alot of references to sci-fi movies for example: ""Flux capacitor from Back to the Future..."" The events will grant you either an escort/or drop. but sometimes you just get damaged or insta killed. HOWEVER they did nerf the insta kill events. Which kinda sucks...It has epic bossfights i liked them!Also you will have some impact on the events because you can pick your choice what to do. And that will change the quest lines for mainquests aswell. They did alot of nerfs and buffs because peopel complained it was too hard...I never complained except for having cheese ways that needed fixing. Some people abused certain events but they finally nerfed that. I myself finished the game on Easy, Normal and Hard UNPAUSED!!! when it still had lots of insta kill events and without cheesing events.Pros- Bossfights- Mad Max/FTL style- Pixelart- Random Events- Map has Faction war- Variety of Main Convoy units- Variety of Escorts units- Variety of weapons/upgrades- Make your own voicepack- Can complete the unpausedCons- Sometimes too much RNG- Nerfed too much... Hard mode = Easy mode now.I can really recommend this game as i had alot of fun and i felt great being the first unpauser. Can sometimes be very ruthless due RNG but they nerfed alot making it easier due community complaints hard being hard... *Facepalm*So if you like roguelite games and willing to stand to some RNG then go get it very fun and nice game!"
,Not Recommended,318230,16228578,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Amerikhan,"This game freaking cheats!I'm there at the very last battle of the game, and what does it do? It spawns a building right in front one of my escort vehicles, destroying it instantly with absolutely no time to react. That is ridiculous! I would have won the final battle if the game hadn't screwed me over like that!Devs, FIX YOUR GAME and STOP CHEATING!"
,Recommended,318230,20546440,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gunseng,Launch gamePlay for several hoursConsider reccomending this gameCome back to it later and play some moreGo to adjust sound settings and realize THEY GO TO ELEVENImmediately reccomend this game11 / 11 - Would wake my neighbors again.
,Not Recommended,318230,16581712,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Snigel,"This is like FTL, but not as good. When I play this I feel more like replaying FTL than exploring this for the same amount time. It's not bad, it just doesn't have the same depth as FTL or as artistic graphics.FTL feels like it's lot about your crew, leveling your crew, buying the right upgrades, timing and a bit of luck. This is more like, remove the crew, remove the leveling system, remove most of the timing.I don't know, this can certainly become good, but then the creator needs to up the gameplay and the artistic part of the graphics.If I could rate this neutral, I would, but when I have to choose either yes or no, it's sadly a no. I wanted this to be better."
,Recommended,318230,32915787,Posted: 27 June,all,M3TA,I love the combat but it could use some more story.
,Recommended,318230,15482131,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Batailian,"The first game I ever bought was FTL and I fell in love instantly.I was egear for more content after 50 hours of play and the advanced eddition came out. After another 60 hours I still wanted more and thats when subset games said they were done. Then I heard of Convoy and waited three months for this game and boy, I just got it and I'm loving it. If you are looking for another game kinda like FTL look at Out There Omega Edition its more about the story, but I can't wait to play more and more of this game!"
,Not Recommended,318230,16583898,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JumpJet27,Technical issues:-Game crashes at startup unless launched in Windows XP compatibility mode-Tutorial is broken and impossible to completeGameplay issues:-Writing is bad-Music is repetitive-Combat lacks variety3/10 would not wander accross wasteland again
,Recommended,318230,15479827,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Grill3dCh33z,"Do you like FTL? You'll love this game.Do you like explosions? You'll love this game.Do you love big guns? You'll love this game.Your ship explodes and you need to repair it by finding certain parts scattered around the planet. It's up to your convoy to transport those parts back to your ship!You'll find yourself surrounded by bloodthirsty pirates, a technology hungry company, and a money grubbing band of thieves. Random encounters and sidequests galore, you'll find yourself laughing, and cursing up a storm at what happens.I played a game of chess with some pirates and gained 700 bolts! I rescued a turkey and got a car! The fun is endless.Highly recommend so far."
76561198090795529,Recommended,318230,15942464,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Renven96000,"fun game on a bus or tram going to and from places, but with multiple crashes for no reason, I would suggest holding off for awhile"
76561198168903944,Recommended,318230,16631423,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Meenanarian,"This game is one of the harder games I've played. It is worth the money and I completely recommend it. I would suggest playing it with a mouse, it's a lot easier with. It runs nice even though my Mac OS X is 10.6.4."
,Not Recommended,318230,16763117,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Counterfeit Decoy,"The 'buy this if you like FTL' reviews are odd.  Because I adore FTL and this is... not at all the same entertainment.While 'polished' it is one of the poorer attempts at the 'rogue-like' games.  There is a lot of tedium involved and the randomness and futility of much of the game is much higher than most games of this style.  It simply feels like you get through purely on luck with no learning available.  There is a tedious amount of traveling and then a high chance ou run into an enemy who is simply imposible.  Other games of this genre like FTL actually provide constant activity and even micromanaging without this level of tedium.  Random losses happen, that's what you expect in anything using the 'rogue-like' naming.  But this one is just a waste."
,Recommended,318230,17105307,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Distonic,"If you can put up with the amount of glitches such as; rapid fuel loss, infinite bolts screen, ability to purchase fuel and not have it restocked, lag, black screens and so forth... it is a very enjoyable game.5/Enjoyable.Needs more bug fixing.Apparently the xml file in the game folder is an issue?"
,Recommended,318230,16572747,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bolexle,Great game!
,Recommended,318230,19046191,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,oHAKu,"A great game overall, haveing aspects of FTL and apparently Mad Max, a game I've never heard of before. The game is still in it's early stages, still getting updates, and unlike FTL, it has a steam workshop for mods. Has a huge amount of potential, and if you can't wait, get a mod. Although, the community is smaller than some, so finding many mods will be hard. It has a  certain RTS feeling to it, when your convoy vehicles speak to each movement command and selection. The RPG stlye of FTL's weapon system and the unique pausing, turns into a RTS fight system, still with the pausing. You can challange yourself to do certain things to make the gameplay harder, and there are even achievements for them. As I said before, it has a huge amount of potential. Not sure what the devs are planning, but there can be more: events, vehicles, weapons, enemies, maybe a new map, and basically anything. It still feels like a ""polished"" game, a glitch here or there, but the devs are working on it. I genuinly cannot wait until this game gets more content."
76561198078285325,Recommended,318230,17758533,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Hobo in Kmart,"Amazing game, Scenarios are funny as hell, Great price also."
76561197967289081,Recommended,318230,16577294,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LordNykon,"Excellent game a hell of alot of fun to play. The final boss is super frusterating, I hope to beat him soon. The concept is super cool and I hope the keep releasing cars and weapons for the game. Lots of replay value, I would definately buy again."
76561198020016988,Recommended,318230,15512496,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Grimlash,"An awesome game for those who loved FTL. Intense, strategical combat will leave you feeling rewarded after every fight, Humourfilled text and an awesome overworld keeps the non-comabt gameplay refeshing and fun. Can take a few hours to beat a run in my experience but totally worth it :)"
,Recommended,318230,15938248,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Maniac,"It's a fun little time sink, less depth than FTL, but it still can hold it's own. It's mostly important that you like games like this.RNG play quite important role here, even if you choose the same options in random encounters it may end differently.In my first few attempts I got cars and mods that were less than suitable to handle the late game encounters (as in the encounters were grindish because I was lacking firepower), but then suddenly one new restart and got few cars with double red offensive slots got a ""dragon"" + hovercraft from the missions and I was set. I had enough firepower to take out everything in my path, camps were also selling MCV guns/missiles. Felt like I was getting the super easy play session.Final boss fight was also nothing I was prepared for and it was a blast.I do hope they keep adding content, more random events, more variation to it, new equipment that would create interesting combos, maybe even mechanics where two cars were needed to be effective in something.And it was quite interesting to watch the Mad Max: Fury Road after completing this game. I wonder who ripped who off :D"
76561198072169342,Recommended,318230,15504678,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,xxxccccccccc,"An enjoyable offering. If Faster than Light didn't exist this could be seen as something special, as it does this remains a fair offering which will appeal to the FTL brigade and mad max fans.It is a love letter to FTL but it can stand on it's own two feet (drive on it's own four wheels) and provides some open world feel than FTL didn't. It's a reliable and functional build but perhaps lacks a wow polish.My bigest criticism of the game is that at the time of this review it appears to be quite limited when it comes to random events, in part this comes from its commitment to being free roam without the same constraints as FTL. They really need to add in more random events for this game to offer more replayability."
76561198029173802,Recommended,318230,15575907,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,OurlordJeremy,"After playing this game for about 16 hours i can agree that this game isn't bad. It's can be rather slow to start, but will quickly pick up mid game. From what i can tell the devs are also constantly updating this game, and adding new content as well as fixes. If you have money to spare i recomend getting this game, and if not try reavaluating it in a month or two."
76561197975677814,Recommended,318230,15667677,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bryserker,"FTL-like, but unique in it's own way. Alot of fun to play."
,Recommended,318230,15586342,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,_wolfie,"Despite the majority of this game sounding like it's been written by kickstarter backers, there's a pretty touching Terry Pratchett tribute that gave me so many feels I had to go lie down. The gameplay's nice enough, though. If you can divide by 100 in your head."
76561198071992672,Recommended,318230,15664867,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Madyoss,"This does not stand well agains FTL.The script is too long and boring.There is not nearly enough variety.Decisions do not matter nearly as much (Both during battles and on the world map).Everything feels repetitive.If you wanted something like FTL, you will likely have 2 hours of good fun with it.Then you will understand how everything works, that there is no room for experimentation, and only the tedium remains.The game needs a major variety upgrade.I would still recommend it, because I think we have been spoiled by FTL.Get it at a discount though."
76561197969907665,Not Recommended,318230,16696111,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sir Snipeington,"Some people say it's a must for FTL fans, but i disagree, i don't like this game at all and i couldn't tell you exactly why. I've played a lot of FTL but i don't feel compelled at all to even start convoy up anymore. It's not bad, but its... i dont know, it's not FTL good."
76561198130758422,Recommended,318230,15506358,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,C1uny,"This game can be very challenging. I believe the biggest aspect of this game that keeps it playable is that you can lose everything in a fraction of a second if you aren't paying attention. This game combines fantastic FTLish animation with a very unique style of combat. It is very difficult your first few runs, but just like with FTL, it takes time to master, so relax, push forward, and keep playing."
,Recommended,318230,16315891,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PrimusAvatar,"I loved FTL and I somehow find this even more appealing even though combat is more strategic and viceral than FTLs tactical disaster managment. :)The thing that was most missing from FTL, an open ""world/universe"" to explore, is present in this game, ant it's even more awesome when you consider the logistical challenges of fuel management."
76561198078884408,Recommended,318230,15634186,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,xxwhaaatxx,"When beating the game on normal, the MCV didn't unlock for the achievement for beating it on mdeium mode."
,Recommended,318230,15715677,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dog Slayer Gim,"Solid game, devs seem to be working bugs out rather quickly.EDIT:  Game is broken again after patch for me. Duplicate handle error."
76561197965222225,Recommended,318230,15526329,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Rahtr1ck,Super fun! Well made game.
76561198064574999,Recommended,318230,17066443,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sviss,If you like FTL then you'll love this. The factions are so different and lots of fun to fight. Definetly recommend
,Recommended,318230,16243578,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,InGroWnToENaiLs,Great game. More addictive than FTL.  Working out how to repair was tricky. It needs a save option which can be reloaded from after death. For the price I reckon its worth it.
,Recommended,318230,16933106,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Exka,FTL on land.
76561198067438557,Recommended,318230,17459706,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Meggy,"If you enjoyed FTL, this is IMO a slightly easier version of it with a bit of a different way of playing, still able to pause and plan tactics and the roguelike elements shine through but generally a really fun game.wasted 3 hours on an amazing first run with OP weapons and managed to find the dragon quest and basically glided through the rest of the game until the final boss, just like FTL in that sense and again I got to the final boss after many hours of careful playing and planning, then got caked in 20 seconds due to complete decimation via multiple OP attacks and insanely long health bars.So to recap if you enjoyed FTL, wasting hours trying to make your way to the final boss and screaming at your computer when you die, throw your money at these♥♥♥♥♥♥head developers."
,Recommended,318230,17496338,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lattrommi,"This game is really fun. I originally had pirated it and enjoyed it so much I decided it was worth the $15. As advertised, it is very similar to FTL, reminds me of fallout 1 at times and has a lot of nerdy cultural references including Robocop, Back to the Future, Star Trek, Dr. Who and more.A single player turn based strategy science fiction roguelike game.The Steam Workshop also has great mods, like having your Main Carrier Vehicle a flying strip of bacon.Best indie game I've played all year!"
,Recommended,318230,17440853,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,alcoholic_angel,"am really starting to get into this game now. wasn't sure at first n i see alot of people complaining about the ftl comparison but they only said that ftl was an inspiration for it, i mean come on do you all really just want a clone of ftl based on roads instead of in space? then you'd all complain about them copying lol.ok so what you have here is a great strategy action game. Am getting used to the combat now seems hard at first but get some upgrades done to vehicles and you'll be blasting the raiders, torvak and privateers like a pro.there's a great sense of humour in the writing too had alot of laughs in my last playthrough as i get deeper into the game am really enjoying itif you're considering buying it check out some gameplay vids before making your mind up but from me it's recommended"
76561198135614484,Recommended,318230,24128946,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Co-op Arcadia,"Saw a knight in shinning armour.Approach knight.Knight asked for help to slay a dragon.(Wtf there's dragon in this game? Isn't this a post apocalypse game?)Decide to help knight.Went to dragon's coordinate.DRAGON APPEARED!One of the toughest random encounter fight ever.Finally slay the dragon.Got some scrap and items.Thought it was over.SUDDENLY KNIGHT SAID HE WILL ......(spoiler)If you think you like FTL or other games similar to FTL, do not hesitate just buy this game!"
,Recommended,318230,23450105,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Othium,A must have for FTL fans!(I personally believe this game is better than FTL)
,Recommended,318230,15926752,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,- Vaz,"Really fun. Requires some level of skill to actually play around with the game, but hey.Although there's nothing more than to just shoot, complete the objectives, run-and-farm, I do hope more updates will allow us a more broader range of things to do.It's still quite a game that isn't finished, so don't hate too much.Overall, give it a try if you think it's cool."
76561198004368051,Recommended,318230,28335212,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DFuxa,"Convoy is an interesting game that will remind you of FTL - though instead of flying through space you are driving across the sands as a car convoy. You essential protect your convoy truck as you gopher parts for your downed spaceship - all the while annoying the denizens of the various factions of the world - and eventually the faction the keeps all the other ones in check.Essentially you travel around the sandy world dealing with various encounters. Some are hostile leading to car on car combat, though some are passive, and others can lead to various quests. There are settlements you can visit where you can trade - buying new weaponry, items, repairs, fuel, or combat cars.The key aspect of this game is that you are using combat cars to battle it out against each other. Essentially you have the pause and go feature that you have in FTL and you position your cars to battle it out against other cars. Each car have weaponry or various special equipment to use. Tactically you will have to position your cars to protect your convoy truck and defeat the enemy cars. You'll have to be careful to keep your cars alive though, as without them your convoy truck is a sitting duck for the most part.And the loss of your convoy truck spells the end of your run. Now, it is noteworthy that your convoy truck can also have some equipment on it. These are usually heavier or more tactical equipment that can greatly change the scope of the battlefield. However, with no ability to reposition your convoy truck you really do rely on your combat cars to do most of the grunt work in battle."
,Recommended,318230,27500207,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arabin,"If FTL, Mad Max, and the original Fallout were combined into a single game, it would be Convoy."
76561198006543535,Not Recommended,318230,17722068,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,El Guapo,"FTL-clone with a fresh setting and some nice ideas. It's rather shallow in comparison though and as an effect gets repetitive and boring rather quickly. If you fance rogue-like games and don't already own ""Faster Than Light"", get that. If you really love those games and already own FTL, then go for it. It's not bad, it's just not nearly as good.5/10"
,Recommended,318230,24958542,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gloryhole Edwards,FTL meets Mad Max. Absolutely incredible.
,Recommended,318230,16572087,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Alpharius,Why is the lone man with the sandwich sign a suicide bomber?    Why?
76561197963283516,Recommended,318230,15507438,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Johncat,"Fun and brutal! FTL all over again in all the right ways, with a great tactical battle-system to boot."
76561198255596335,Not Recommended,318230,32840035,Posted: 26 June,all,Rick Bishop,"Maybe wait to buy this until the developers plug in a little better learning curve. There's no sense of difficulty levels here. You don't know what's coming, you get obstacle courses your vehicles are simply too low level to handle, and if you last a few combats you might finally have a few serviceable vehicles. Then, boom, you lose one completely to a crash into a rock. At some point, there's a cost/benefit issue to the effort here. I really want to like this game, partly because the retro-80s theme is great and the garage-pixel Car Wars look is, too. It's the summer sale, so take a chance on your own frustration level. Of course, I may just be part of a group of people who'd prefer the beginning of a game to feel easier than twenty hours into it."
76561198043654979,Not Recommended,318230,31565372,Posted: 5 May,all,Theresiusemesenusothicles,"Neat but meh. Not helpful, I know, but really there's not much more to know about this game than what the trailers tell you. It's fun, but it is not rewarding enough to really recommend spending your time on. If you haven't played FTL go play that, if you didn't like FTL... well, I can't really speak to that."
,Recommended,318230,27658331,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Astrobia,"I paid like $5 for this on sale and feel like I got my moneys worth.The comparison to FTL is far though it's got a little less depth. There are interesting things you can do in combat and one can argue that the fact you have multiple vehicles to manage means there is more going on but what is going on is a bit more simple. It's pretty much lock target, decide to stay in range or move out of range and on the odd occasion decide if it's worth ramming them. There is some strategy is lining up vehicles to block enemies path and timing special abilities but that it and it's all less hectic the FTL. Which may be good thing for some people.The main difficulty seems to come from the fact I only seem to be able to have 1 or 2 encounters before I need to find a camp (think shop in FTL) to repair vehicles or I'm almost certain to lose them and you burn most you're fuel backtracking to said camps. Maybe I'm rushing objectives to soon and should spend more time grinding but you are very much at the mercy or RNG for that. So that will require a lot more meandering about.So that's about the crux of it. If you want a more relaxed and laid back version of FTL with more aimless wandering and less pressure to get the end, then this is the game for you. I favour FTL personally but for $5 I'm happy to have this in my library for when I'm in a more lazy mood."
76561197998386920,Recommended,318230,31224235,Posted: 18 April,all,Big_D,"This is probably the closest experience to FTL that fans will get, and it makes some amazing additions on top of that. Unique and Brilliant!"
76561198080345074,Not Recommended,318230,26480799,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DontGoJohnson,"I WANT to like this game. I really do. I love FTL and crave more content (either from FTL's creators or similar games) so I was optimistic when I came across Convoy (which, in its description, boasts being like FTL and even has a quote from one of FTL's devs in its trailer talking about their game).This is NOT FTL, nor is it even close to as complete or as fun of a game as FTL was. So if you're looking for game that will fill the void left by FTL, this is not that.I've sank about 7 hours into Convoy, attempting about 8-9 runs and have not won once (which is not necessarily an issue itself, I have barely squeeked out a handful victories in FTL and have played 10x as many runs) but even with that time invested I left feeling frustrated because there wasn't really anything I could do or learn from those experiences.Combat is non-strategic (beyond trying to avoid unnecessary damage with your vehicles) and a lot of the time there is no way to avoid it. You can't escape a battle that's gone completely wrong or even gauge what an enemies strength might be before hand, you're simply thrown into skirmishes which pit your convoy against 5-6 enemy vehicles (who quickly begin to outgun you the longer you play). God forbid you're unfortunate enough to lose your support vehicles/don't have a damage dealing weapon on your main vehicle (which can't be moved...another annoying tidbit which makes your main vehicle feel like a liability) because you will be forced to either quit out or watch the slow death of your unit...And it WILL be slow, the damage dealt by weapons versus the health/armour of some of the vehicles seems to be way off and cause battles to really drag on with nothing more for you to do than just sit and wait for something to die.The missions are pretty much all the same (go here, enter battle, kill stuff, repeat), again not necessarily a huge deal but since combat is already so lackluster it really gets repetive, frustrating, and just straight-up not fun REAL quick.There is no way to gauge fuel-economy or manage resources or even tell (beyond that you move fasters on roads/flat land) what terrain will cost you to move over it, etc. There is no map to navigate from so your forced to pick routes based on a lose arrow-marker (to your objective) and the distance making for a lot of inefficient driving around (in a game where you need to conserve fuel). You can't repair armour and HP separately, which is frustrating because you're going to need to repair stuff a lot...I found myself entering a camp, repairing, leave, drive barely a hexagon in distance on the map, get sucked into a fight, lose a lot of health, have to go back to immediately repair everything all over again...this happened WAY too often. It's frustrating because I felt I never had enough in-game money to properly prepare for the challenges the game was issuing to me because ALL my money was going towards repairing my vehicles. The only real way to gain currency is via battles or sidequests (which usually lead to battles anyways).The game is not the worst game I've ever come across...But it really isn't great either.If you like FTL, play FTL. If you haven't played FTL, go play FTL.3/10"
76561198125254167,Recommended,318230,15573577,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,lummisam,"I like it a lot.  It's a lot like FTL.  Feels solid, and well thought out."
76561198038944892,Not Recommended,318230,29243063,Posted: 14 January,all,Comrade Lenin,"Okay, so Disclaimer; I love developers like these, but this time they missed the mark.Convoy, at its heart, is a good game. BUT it has no sense of a difficulty scale whatsoever. The fact that any random encounter you have has a chance of being a couple small vehicles to 5 highly-weaponised Doom tanks makes the game impossible to get into. I've tried a few times, but this game, while based on a good premise, has an absolutely terrible scaling system, and doesn't seem to account for how long youve even been in-game.And that's why I'm labeling it ""Hard just because it can be"".Some games, like Dark souls, Bloodborne and others, do difficulty very well, as they actually make you feel like you're progressing. But not this one. The fact is this game COULD be fantastic and super immersive if this was changed, but it hasnt been, and I honestly don't understand how anyone manages to stay immersed when you're losing and restarting from scratch, and the whole flow of the game is absolutely lost.Sure, you could say I'm bad at this game, but the fact that you could, on your first random encounter, run into a huge troop of enemies or a couple dingy little trikes, says otherwise.Don't buy this game. But check out other similar titles by these kinds of guys. They're good developers, and can't get it right everytime."
,Recommended,318230,15487138,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,skurleton,"This game is really goddamn fun.Like, imagine FTL but the battle is in your ship and all of your crew can be controlled like mini-ships.And you also explore a wasteland freely.That's Convoy."
76561198052929627,Recommended,318230,19713293,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,rockiavelli,Solid roguelike with a pleasantly stiff learning curve. Though I might just be horribly unlucky.
,Not Recommended,318230,33456602,Posted: 11 July,all,Nihohit,"A weak FTL-like, with battles that are as hard to control as they are boring."
76561198130739156,Recommended,318230,34083801,Posted: 7 August,all,geekpride,"The first few times I played Convoy, I died.  I thought the game was being unfair and that made me swear at it.  But then I realised that this isn't a game where you can just jump in and take everything on.  You have to start off being careful, balancing risk against reward and building up your convoy with additional vehicles, upgrades and weapons.  Once you have a decent force, you can start taking on more fights and tackling the missions.  By the end of the game, the tables have turned completely - you can take on anything except a boss battle and be confident of winning.Don't buy this game if you want your hand held and everything explained to you.  Do buy it if you want a game where you can have  a quick blast or play for longer periods, and where you are free to explore and experiment and find your own way."
,Not Recommended,318230,32872508,Posted: 27 June,all,BigZ,"Loved FTL so had high hopes for this game.  As some of the other reviews mentioned, the learning curve was way steep and right as I feel like I am getting the hang of the game it goes and screws me over.  Started a battle and right as it started two of my vehichles instantly hit a rock, literally right as it started, I had no chance at all to save my vehichles.  That is very poor design/development.  If this bug (if it even is a bug) ever gets fixed I will consier changing this to a recommended product because it has great potential, but for now it is simply unplayable."
,Recommended,318230,15493318,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Johnny_Devo,"After getting this game, I spent hours into the night yelling at hitchikers, cursing my fuel situation, and overall just raging at simple misfortunes as I repeatedly was forced to press that ""new game"" button.10/10.This game offers a true roguelike experience."
,Recommended,318230,16739869,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,bog except spooky,CAUSE WE GOT A LIL OL CONVOYROCKIN THROUGH THE NIGHTYEAH WE GOT A LIL OL CONVOYTAUINT SHE A BRUAITUFL SIGHTCOME ON A ND JOIN OUR CONVOYAINT NOTHING GONNA GET IN OIUR WHAYWE GON ROLL THIS TRUCKIN CONVOYCROSS THE USACONVOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY
76561197977166693,Recommended,318230,16543414,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jackpine Savage,Witness me/10
76561198062385564,Recommended,318230,16181201,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Kuvoo,It's hard but fun.
76561198023687979,Not Recommended,318230,15836271,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Question Mark,"The developer can't be bothered to release game updates that work. I bought Convoy, and could play it just fine until the first update came along: since then I haven't been able to launch, and as time goes by, it is become increasingly obvious that THIS GAME IS A MONEY GRAB SCAM that doesn't actually give you anything for the money you pay.Avoid at all cost."
,Not Recommended,318230,16769668,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nerf ICBM,"This game is a great little concept, but unfortunately is buggier than many early access games.I haven't been able to play it for more than five minutes at a time since buying it - when one bug is fixed, another one stops me from being able to play the game."
76561198001849291,Recommended,318230,15514890,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Wasavi,"FTL meets MAD MAX.It is wonderful pixel art & music.The game play is very fun, too, i love it!"
,Not Recommended,318230,16060839,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lupollo,"So th0se 0.5 hrs you see, that's me going to the menu, trying to start a new game, and then looking at a black screen. The tutorial worked, until I got to the map screen, which then proceeded to let me to nothing expect look at the tool tips. Couldn't move, even when the only thing the tutorial message was saying was ""Right Click to Move."" That 0.5 hrs is also a bit misleading since I've spent close to an hour trolling forums trying to find a clue as to how to fix it. Most reference a file that doesn't seem to exist in this version, or if it does it isn't getting created (even when I have run the game as administrator). The output files also references this missing file, saying it can't access it, which isn't suprising, since the file doesn't exist. So... how would I review this game? Well, I can't... which is a problem. It looks fun, and reads like people enjoy it, but I have never faced a game that I couldn't play right away (or at least fix with a simple tweak easily found on a forum). So I have to say no for now. With so many people playing and enjoying the game, it appears that I may be a rare bug. But I'm going to comment on it as I see it, which is from the point of view of someone who can't actually see it."
,Recommended,318230,15496151,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Psiursus,I love it.Story is greatGameplay is newFull car nudity
,Recommended,318230,15497873,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kylerb888,Convoy is one of those games where you are proud to reach the end of the game. You're almost there! And you're dead.
,Recommended,318230,16652154,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,THE GAY AGENDA,"Not as deep and addictive as FTL, but charming and fun in its own way."
76561197972371054,Recommended,318230,16673160,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,"David, Aero Shaman","Fun, highly addictive, very challenging, well-drawn, and refreshingly quite unique. An excellent and enjoyable roguelike with inspiration drawn from FTL, yet wholly unsimilar. Great replayability!"
76561198059866623,Recommended,318230,16651019,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,xylax,"Saying that this game is like FTL meeds Mad Max is a very good description, there's a fair amount of random encounters and general sandbox feeling is great. I played the game relatively short but I'm enjoying it despite not finishing the tutorial - learning on your own is very intuitive and fun. It reminds me also of Fallout 1 a bit, specially the humour and post-apo feeling of it.There's a fair amount of issues and bugs at this stage but I can see the devs are paying attention.10/10 would play more. I hope they will produce DLC's as I am willing to shut up and give them my money."
,Recommended,318230,17363919,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,MidgetSpinner,They see me rollin' they hatin'
,Recommended,318230,16100590,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lupus64,"The lack of variety in the side missions rears its head during the second playthrough, and the unabashed use of movie references almost wipes out any chance of the world having its own story.In spite of those grievous shortcomings and others that prevent Convoy from matching FTL's depth or immersive world, Convoy still shines after many hours on the strength of its endearing rough and tumble gameplay that rewards smart positioning and all the varieties of vehicle and loadout mixes that you can think up.FTL veterans won't be blown away, but nor should they pass this little gem up."
76561197973332706,Recommended,318230,15778558,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BobbyLeeSwagger,"If you review a game negatively because it's ""too hard,"" you're not really reviewing the game at all. Like others, I have had frustrating times with RNG and being able to win the game. But after sticking with it for a few hours, I've been able to beat it numerous times on the Easy difficulty now. I think it's a tall order to beat Normal and Hard at this point, and I'm sure it will be adjusted over time. The damage you do to enemies and the battle rewards are simply too low to be feasible.  But don't let that deter you---each and every playthrough, whether I've won or not, has been addicting and genuinely fun. I always come back for more. And isn't that what you're looking for with a roguelike? For a genre that's quite sparse with GOOD games here on Steam, this is a must have for FTL roguelike afficionados."
76561198073298630,Not Recommended,318230,16248719,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gothicangell,"An interesting joining of 2 ideas that I enjoy. The graphics and gameplay of FTL, which I am a big fan of, and the plot of a Mad Max movie. The vechicular combat is enjoyable and the strageties that you can employ are varied. Set up your crews cars with many different guns and utility items and rush into combat. The constantly moving battlefield is a great setup, as you'll have to dodge rocks, mines and rock walls. Ramming enemy cars into those things are a blast too.The problem I have with this game is that it constantly freezes. I'll get stuck in a message telling me what loot I've earned from the previous battle. I'll click the command that lets me move on and it will deposit the rewards into my holdings, but the message doesn't go away and I cannot continue playing. If I'm lucky I'll quit the game and it will pick up where I left off or right before. Other times it'll still be stuck and I have to discard my progress and start a new game. If you're about it you can sit there and collect the loot over and over and after you max out fuel and scrap you can try and quit. If it works you'll have so much resources you won't know what to do with them! But what's the point of the game if you do that? It removes all the fun. I've been playing for about 5 hours now, 4 separate games, and I've lost once. The rest of the times I had to restart my progress because of bugs.I'm running a AMD 6-core, Radeon HD 6800 and 8Gb of RAM. No reason to have the freezing and some framerate issues that I've seen.I like this game, and if you enjoy FTL you will too, but it needs some patching to take care of some of the bugs.EDIT: Hours later and I have successfully beaten the game on easy mode. Unfortunately I feel that I have to change my reccommendation of the game to a thumbs down. This is due to the fact that the game just does not run properly. Not only did I have the same problem that I described when I first reviewed the game, but there were multiple times during my playthrough that when I selected a dialouge choice nothing happened no matter how many times I click and had to pick the choice I didn't want in the end anyways. Other times I didn't receive rewards for completing a mission. They were displayed, and I had a choice to either not take them or abandon a weapon I already had. Even worse is when I would discard one of my weapons to free up space and the game still didn't give me my reward, effectively making me lose two good items at once because a game bug. After many,MANY times having to save, quit out and continue the game I finally made my way back to the homeworld ship that I had been repairing the entire game. I encounted the final boss in a truely excellent battle that had me thinking ""Good thing I stuck it out. This is great fun!"" I lost all but one of my weaponized cars in the battle and my MRV had no armor to spare. I clicked on the last dialouge option the said I was leaving the planet. However, the ending credits did not roll when they were supposed to. Instead I was dropped back down on the map and charged by a duplicate final boss? I had to beat the ending boss AGAIN with far less resources to do with. I barely pulled it off in the end, and after winning a second time I was awarded with achievements for completing the game and was treated to the credits.Games like this are meant to be hard. Perma-death and a high difficulty is part of the charm and adds to the replayability of the game. However when you cannot complete a game most of the time because the game is a buggy mess I can't consider it a good game any longer. I did play through most of the sidequests in the game and bested one of the three mini-bosses. If I had not beaten that boss the second time I'm sure I would have been much more frustrated.In short I like the game, but it's a buggy mess with gamebreaking issues. If they patch the game and improve I'll be sure to update my opinion, but until then unfortunately can't reccommend Convoy."
,Not Recommended,318230,15676275,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,polverso,"meh,  its a five dollar game, not a fifteen dollar one."
,Recommended,318230,30667727,Posted: 22 March,all,Fnord Perfekt,If you love FTL then this is worth buying!
,Recommended,318230,15645659,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,⎛⎝ itsZdan ⎠⎞,"i love this game, its a mix of FTL and one of my childhood heroes, Mad Max.love the jokes and references, great replayability.WARNING: Bottlecaps and Bearded Bunnies!! XD"
,Recommended,318230,19399996,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Gemeril,"Like FTL but a little more action-y.  It's a great little indie game set in a generic 'mad max' type of world.   Do random quests, choose different dialogue options, amass a horde of scrap and vehicles to ravage three different bandit tribes.  It's a steal for $8 but totally worth it for $15!"
76561198074680806,Not Recommended,318230,16571222,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Polygon251,Not fun at all.  Repetitive and uninteresting.
76561198067584440,Recommended,318230,15528405,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Already A Demon,FTL and Mad Max's beautiful love child
76561198107907307,Recommended,318230,15546835,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pundamonium,"I'm going to just say, even though i hate comparing games, that although I love FTL, i always felt it was too restricted. This game is an astounding open world alternative with completely different combat mechanics. it also has a plot that feels like Mad Max in a way that there are road raging battles in a desert wastland"
76561198010193816,Recommended,318230,15616738,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ang? Do you like that? Ang?,gameplay: 9.0/10bottlecap: -9.0/10total: 0 /10f**king bottlecap.....
76561198041844478,Recommended,318230,15683832,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,HerbalTurtle,"great game, ive wished for a ftl 2 for years, and here it is"
,Recommended,318230,15689259,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,McTrigger,"I really like the combat in convoy and I love the environment. I would however  like to see many more quests, weapons and vehicles. I wish the vehicle and item managment was more complex, but its a great start. I think its difficult with vehicles only being able to hold 1-4 items, to make them as complex as they should be. Perhaps an engine horsepower size could limit the power available and be upgradable to add more customization to the vehicles.The bottom line is the combat mechanics are as good or better than FTL, yet somehow the game has LESS replayability.I still recommend it, simply because all of my negatives are about quatity not quality and there isn't anything out there better than this game that can give you this experience.  It has well designed mechanics, but in its current state its just BARELY worth the price and nowhere near the value that FTL is."
,Recommended,318230,15769935,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,bvesco,"The description of FTL meets Mad Max is fairly accurate. It's very light-weight, and controls are a bit finicky, but still is a lot of fun."
76561198033125143,Recommended,318230,16035954,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Int,"Good game. Could be great, but a little too small. Too small map, too few weapons and cars. But still fun and fresh."
76561198034498125,Recommended,318230,16767319,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Instant Replay,"It's fun for a little while but there is no where near as much replayability as FTL  because its nowhere near as balanced and that's the ultimate downfall of Convoy. Many of the items are useless. The drone things that allow you to heal are particularly useless IMO. I've finished the game on normal, and there was never a time when they saved my life. The only time my cars ever died was because I was careless and they ran into an insta kill object (this also rendered the speaker useless as well). Other items that allow cars to ram may be useful in the beginning but its useless against the final boss because you have to keep dodging stuff (plus, having to double click every 2 seconds on a boss gets very annoying very quickly). I find myself using the same loudout and using the same cars because the other loudouts just aren't as good. Not to mention, you'll just get better cars from quests anyway or shops so what cars you start with only dictates what style you'll pay initially.To sum up my opinion, it's okay. If you're looking for a rogue-like to kill time, try it out but don't expect too many playthroughs."
76561198024943851,Recommended,318230,15640795,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,crisper,"I wasn't sure if a cruelly-random roguelike-like could be for me, but with the new Mad Max movie coming I was in the mood for some desert chase and gave it a try on sale. My first, like, ten or fifteen games had me thinking, no, this is probably not for me. Then I started getting good at the fights, took more care in prowling around the map, and started making real progress - though ultimately still getting horribly wasted at some point - and began to think, hey, actually, maybe this *is* a game for me. But then after twenty or so tries I finally built a fully-escorted fully-upgraded fully-armed convoy team and got all the items and then, of course, hit the final boss and, ugh, no, this is not my kind of game. I know there's plenty of gamers out there who are, above all things, into brutal final boss fights that go on forever with like twenty different phases of all-new brutality, but I'm not one of them.EDIT: Changed my thumb from down to up after playing one more game. So, uh, yeah. It really *can* be done!"
76561198129631929,Recommended,318230,16069758,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,GLITCH,"this game is so great! I play it like every day, i think im addicted. it has a great balance in difficulty, i have some of the best vehicles in the game and yet i've only defeated the boss once, on easy.10/10 would die again.P.S. kill andy, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,318230,16735594,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Herzzolf,"I'll try to be brief. Every flaw that was mentioned in other reviews is true:- The world map looks plain bad- The pixel art, although very nice, doesn't scale well on displays with larger resolutions- In 10 hours of play I encountered a few bugs - for example a battle not ending properly (saving and restarting the game helped every single time though)- The writing is less mature than in FTLThose things don't stop me from wholehartedly recommending the game though. The batlle and upgrade system is fun, and the whole game makes you feel like you're the main hero in Mad Max. Although the game studio behind this game doesn't seem very experienced, they did an amazing job.Definately worth the 10$ they want for it."
,Recommended,318230,16590635,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Commander,"Great game if you're a fan of FTL. It's definitely different but envokes the same emotions as you play. Frustration, Fear, Triumph, Excitement. My only gripe is that there aren't enough unlockables (or the ones that do exist are too difficult to obtain)"
76561198154896795,Not Recommended,318230,21090923,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dam Son,The games fps is running so low. I have turned the setting to the worst and it is still running super low. I have many other games that take way more to run than this game and they are perfect. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!! Its a fun game but it should not be running at 5 fps.
,Not Recommended,318230,24001024,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,thewhistles,"Like FTL, but with less strategy. During battles you can move your vehicles and try to ram the enemy into obstacles, but this doesn't make it very interesting. In between the battles the world map is pretty basic and bland. There doesn't seem to be a great variety of weapons/armor/customisables for your vehicles. Overall, this game is *ok*, but I'd rather play FTL again."
,Recommended,318230,16571962,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,FatKarate,This is a Solid game for sure. These people really lived up to thier pitch and gave me my FTL experience again with some MAD MAX flair.
76561198006521303,Recommended,318230,15584801,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mission,Bad Max.
76561198148834994,Recommended,318230,15763306,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Destrin1,"This is an amazing game for strategic geniuses and hard-core gamers. I would toally recommend this for a YouTube series, as the difficulties and changes of vehicles allows many episodes to be made. I've defeated the boss twice, each instance of pure concentration and strategic guesses as exhilirating as the last. Some people think this game is too hard, but I think its the perfect combination of skill and patience. I recommend this to players who understand the need to power through tough situations and know how to accept failure as a way of learning. I hope you have as much of a blast as I had playing it. Good luck to you, and don't give up!(BTW, you need Andy in your team, or atleast his type of convoy vehicle, to beat the boss. You can get Andy by going to the guy in the Sasiak Milkbar, and defeating him. If you only assist him, the chances of him joining your Convoy is very slim indeed. Speed and insanely O.P. weapons are required!)"
,Recommended,318230,16460834,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wisp,"I recently watched Mad Max: Fury Road, so when I saw that this game is a combination of Mad Max and FTL, I instantly bought it. I would definitely would recommend this to anyone who has played FTL. Also, a lot of fun culture references."
,Recommended,318230,15498910,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CaptainRyn,2 hours in before I knew it.  I got my road warrior on.  Great game and dig the pixel look.  bit off more then I could chew in combat.  Always know where your closest camp is and keep plent of scrap
76561198134626519,Recommended,318230,16639974,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cole,>Finnaly get good vehicals with decent stats and guns>About to bring in the last material>Gets attacked by punk raiders>Completely destorys raiders>MCVP is destroyed seconds before the map shows up by a mine10/10 Would punch another hole in my wall again.
,Recommended,318230,15495280,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,madattak,"As good as FTL? Maybe not, but if FTL left you wanting more rouge-like-like action, this game definitely fills the gap.The combat is fun, I wouldn't call it amazing but it's defintely fun still. Especially the smug satisfaction you get from ramming an enemy armored car that's been giving you trouble off a cliff and into oblivion. Like FTL it's real time action with a pause, which I personally enjoy alot as it feels more fast paced than a turn-based game but still gives you enough time to think and manage rather turning into a reaction time test like in some RTS games.There are a wide range of scenarios with a wide array of possible outcomes depening on your choices and sometimes the whims of the Random Number God, some short, some long, all generally well thought out. No problems here.There have been a good number of bugs, but the developers have responded very quickly to bug reports and feedbacks. Notably the lack of V-Sync support has been fixed, and the randomness of the game has been given a hefty nerf after complaints about random events taking out vehicles without warning, which would basically mean a loss. This is no longer the case, fortunately.The games biggest failling is it's writing. Instead of taking you to another world with it's refined finesse, it seems to throw  as many unsubtle references in as it possibly can, like a kid shouting 'THE CAKE IS A LIE!' in an attempt to look cool. We all love a good reference devs, and especially a salute to Terry Pratchett, but only when they are more rare and subtle. Having them in every other sentence just takes you out of the game.tl;drThe game isn't perfect, but this first release from the indie company Convoy Games will provide you with plenty of hours of fun for your £10 if you don't mind having to endure some clumsy writing. An easy reccomendation for me."
,Recommended,318230,15521557,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,tvardary,"Any instant classic and an amazing game. Not only have a enjoyed every minute so far, but I've bought and given away several copies to my friends. If you enjoyed FTL this is like finding out FTL has a younger sister that likes you too!"
76561198065686239,Recommended,318230,15879954,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,RunningInThe90s,Playing this game reminds me of the classic anime Trigun. I enjoyed this game but it needs more like attributes and a deeper story.
76561198004809272,Recommended,318230,28333727,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mr.Z_E_D,"i dont understand it. I love FTL, i played so mutch either i cant see it. And now? no other games like FTL are alife?Hell yes! i found one which is made like FTL. and this is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!i dont understand that peopel that always hate games like these cause they ""copyed"" from FTL.So ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to give a great game a negativ rating!be happy that other developers do games , like this genre for players to have moregames to choose!!!And why are peopel cant be happy about sutch things?Im happy i find convoy.Convoy is the Brother of FTL but not in space, its on earth. you travel with youre ""truck"" and youre buddys. Many upgrades. New gameplay like crashing /bumping enemy cars into objects to destroy them.In my opinion a great game.Peopel that like MAD MAX Fury road and FTL, They will love this game to, maybe as mutch as FTL."
,Recommended,318230,18080763,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,thecontrarian42,Its a better ftl.
,Not Recommended,318230,26060975,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Wolfe Procter,"I like the premise of the game, with a star trek meets mad max setting, but it's absolutely impossible to complete on any difficulty."
76561198040145283,Recommended,318230,21262603,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Doctor Salt,WITNESS ME
76561198005152337,Not Recommended,318230,19410704,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Optimism,"*after win on normal review*was a fun game, some hectic times, some grinding, some clever plots, bottle caps.after unlocking a bunch of more rigs i'm seeing zero replayability here...going to play FTL instead*quick edit* hotfix the morning after i came here whining and it load now! devs that listen? from a kickstarter? *hope for world rising*played once for a couple hours.  next time playnig it wouldn't load.  went looking for why and found their mentions of 'make antivirus exception' so i did that, and a restart and still no dice.  game is broke for too many people.  this might require a rebate... i already regret buying it...aside from it being broken it's also a shadow and far cry from FTL that it's acclaimed to be better than(even spoilering it for myself and checking wikis) the compareative content is laughable, AND that content is linear and with minimal viable branchesalso the map doesnt generate each playthrough? that seems like a really sad copout...i seemed like such a sure thing... serves me right for not trying before i buy..."
76561198088973976,Recommended,318230,33205680,Posted: 3 July,all,Doc Hale,"It's like FTL, Domina, and Mad Max but with a with hotline miami-esque soundtrack. (i dig it!). and for 4$ on sale. yeah."
76561198060135098,Recommended,318230,33248718,Posted: 4 July,all,aou ti kkele sou,+please implement cloud saves
,Recommended,318230,16611251,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Patton,Best Rougelike ever.
,Recommended,318230,25065606,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,wolfthatwonders,FTL Meets Mad Max Enough said. Two Thumbs upi think FTL is harder then this. But if you like FTL you will proably like this.
76561197964120751,Recommended,318230,20107963,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"Great game. Very enjoyable.As you can probably tell by my avatar, I really really like the inspiration taken from the art of Dune 2. Combat is viscreal, explosive and satisfying.While the game is very good, and I recommend it, there are two areas of weakness I felt could have been improved. For one thing the writing isn't very good, relying on pop culture references rather than standing on its own two feet and telling its own story. You'll see the same quests each time you play. While some of the progression through some quests is randomised, it's always the same text. That's not really a problem for a one-shot, linear, throwaway game where you're only meant to play through it once, but for a replayable game taking cues from roguelikes it's a bit annoying to read the same text each game.The other problem is the gameplay balance is a bit off. If you have the good fortune to find the best vehicles/weapons in the game then you pretty much slaughter everything you come across from that point on. That's still fun, I guess, but not very deep.Still, I had a great time and do recommend this game.edit: one more thing: this game is NOT FTL. It's not a successor to FTL. I don't know anything about the developers' intentions, but the game they have created is not FTL nor apparently trying to be, though it takes some stylistic inspiration from it. The two games play totally differently, FTL is much deeper and better written, and comparing the two does neither game any favours.If you liked FTL you may or may not like this game. If you didn't like FTL you may or may not like this game. Take it for what it is, on its own merits."
,Recommended,318230,32703440,Posted: 23 June,all,Vladimir Lootin',It was fun for a few hours and got old pretty quick. No regrets though.
,Recommended,318230,32781980,Posted: 25 June,all,Omega4500,"great game, if you liked FTL you will love this."
76561198050046878,Recommended,318230,28646260,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Osel,Nice and Hard.
,Not Recommended,318230,22751094,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Thandas,"An uncomfortable and tedious grind throughout, a farcry from the great games it attempts to imitate."
76561197984177193,Recommended,318230,26607683,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lande3D,Alongside FTL this has to be among the best roguelikes iwe had the pleasure of playingVery well thought out and memorable pixel visuals and good gameplay.Absolutly recommended!9/10
,Recommended,318230,26075497,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PlainOldJim,It's like FTL but slightly different. Just as pixel and soundy. A bit easier  to beat but just as fun.
76561198051354595,Recommended,318230,26521655,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,lacrosse117,This is a great game. It reminds me of FTL. Theres so much potential for mods.
,Recommended,318230,26608898,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zealot,"Kind of like planetary FTL. Battles are once again quite tense, and resources scarce."
76561198385455984,Recommended,318230,33987319,Posted: 3 August,all,boogie666,This game is just awesome. 10/10
,Not Recommended,318230,17554390,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,С Г エ χ,"Convoy is a lite roguelike, pretty similiar to a land based FTL. You have a main 'transport vehicle' with support items typically, and then you collect other smaller battle vehicles to protect yourself.  Your mission is drive around on a map finding parts for your broken spaceship and fighting or bartering with other forces on the planet. Customization feels a little low. There are linear upgrades for your units, and a selection of different weapons.  The reason I don't recomend this is the combat. It feels so... loose? Like the opposite of FTL where you know what your weapons can do, what the enemies weapons can do, and how to effectively use them or try and counter the enemy.In convoy the weapons just seem to range from ""this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ starter weapon"" to ""oh yeah this kills things good"". Yes, this one weapon might do more armor damage over another but honestly it's all irelevant. You just find the biggest weapon you can put on things and go with it. You can move your smaller battle cars around on the map but it's also very straightfoward and unrewarding. Move them into firing range, don't let them crash into cliffs. Focus fire on enemies.The writing is pretty bad. It tends to range from boring to ""ha ha LOOK A REALLY BLATANT REFERENCE, ARENT WE CLEVER?""Overall convoy isn't a terrible game, but you aren't missing anything but skipping over it."
,Recommended,318230,15481096,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,This here is a rubber duck and we got Space Pirates on our tail. I wonder if this is what Conway Twitty was thinking about when he first wrote that song. P.S. this game is awesome... and punishing. Think FTL... except by Space Twitty. 10/10 would sing Convoy while playing Convoy by Convoy Games.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5u5rtS42jU
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,318230,19431499,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,fabio,"Here's where I'm coming from: I had fun with FTL for a while, but eventually got sick of how winning or losing was 90% luck: not being thrown into sun flare events, finding random shops when you needed them, and the shops having the right items when you finally had the money to buy them.So when I heard that Convoy was a lot like FTL with the random number generator (RNG) factor toned down, I jumped at the chance.Pros: The RNG factor is toned down. Shops where you can repair and buy stuff are shown on the map the whole game and you can visit them whenever you want. There's no random chance to miss for weapons. Loot is fairly consistent and there aren't many instances of ""must have"" items where you restart if you don't find them (crew teleporter in FTL).Cons: The combat is much, much more tedious than FTL. FTL had a cool Wrath of Kahn feel to it. The combat in Convoy is mostly just watching vehicles plink away at each other's health bars. You order a vehicle where to move, and who to shoot at. That's it. You can try ramming people into the path of oncoming rocks to crash into, but it's so hard to do and the payoff so small that you don't bother. Buy the highest dps guns you can, upgrade your range stat, and that's it. There's no real variety to the weapons either. They all have the same range and no unique properties. All you care about is the dps stat.Another flaw they imported from FTL is a frustrating final boss battle that's 20 times harder than any previous fight and you need to learn the ""trick"" to beating him. You can breeze through every fight in the game (even the mini-boss) without a scratch but still get slaughtered by the final boss. It starts to feel like the final boss is the only real challenge and the hour you spend getting up to him is just a filler waste of time to get another shot at it.In the end, Convoy takes the FTL experience and does away with the harsh RNG but at the cost of interesting combat. Watch a Youtube video of just how simple and tedious the combat is. You're going to be doing a lot of it  :("
,Not Recommended,318230,16712921,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Graduate M E L O N,"Summary 6/10For the price, I'd say get FTL or wait a long while for another game. Faster Than Light is great. Convoy is good. Convoy is not great.The Good:- Fun combat with yes, that Mad Max feel- Random encounters that keep the game fresh- Easter eggs, making the game more interesting and humourousThe Bad:- Very copy cat outlook to FTL; nothing truly new presented.- The Mad Maxfeelis there, but not at all the theme. In fact, the theme is a crashed space vessel (FTL), salvaging for repairs (FTL), and collecting guns and drones to help (FTL).- Drab story, alond with tedious bumps and missions with more bumps to slow you down.- Repetitive with no real replay value to show for.ConclusionSave your money on this one. If you are an FTL fan, you'll be very miffed by the similarities and if you are not, you may reach a half hour in and quit to never play again. This game, I personally, was looking forward to possessing and it pains me to see the turn it took. The concept was poorly executed and misleading."
76561198119429393,Not Recommended,318230,15561317,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Druid,"To be honest, it looks better than it is.Ive played what ? 1 hour ? And i'm bored as hell allready."
76561197978473145,Not Recommended,318230,15499948,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TheBeefiest,Not enough variety / content.
,Not Recommended,318230,15894658,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Arkterus,"Well, at least in FTL, I didn't have to fly all the way back to base to repair my ship after every 5 min long battle with pea-shooters.Fight, go back to base and spend more money on repairs than you looted.Fight, go back to base and spend more money on repairs than you looted.EtcEtc.Maybe I'll have to work on ""getting good"" to stop enemies from targeting the giant, immovable object in the center of the screen to avoid this.Also +1 for random movie quotes that have nothing to do with the actual encounter.HA HA I AM THE NIGHT RIDER.Oh man, I'm expecting a mini-boss here.No, just 3 random cars.  Nice effort, though. Did you guys just have a meeting one day with the objective of ""Lets cram as many movie quotes in here as we can without it having any meaning or bearing on encounters or the game.  At all.""It's like if I made some Medieval conquest RTS game and one of your Knights just randomly shouts ""YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER AND YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER, EVERYONES OUT OF ORDER!"" when attack moving.♥♥♥♥♥♥ it would've made MORE sense to have the ""Just walk away.  Leave the parts and walk away.  No one gets hurt, leave it, and walk away."" Humongous quote from Mad Max as a decision encounter to either pay or fight.  Ha ha, not here, instead we get ""EVER DANCE WITH THE DEVIL IN THE PALE MOONLIGHT?"" like your audience is supposed to just throw up their hands in a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL, smile and exclaim ""I KNOW that movie!!!!!!""This game is largely boring and not very engaging, unless you're into the whole ""click once or twice every 15 seconds and wait for life bars to go away"" thing.  It's sluggish and unresponsive.  I know it takes my Jeep a full 5 seconds to steer and swerve around a random, truck sized boulder in the road.  Are our vehicles' steering wheels locked out of going beyond 2 1/2 degrees from center until we upgrade?  Oh that's what the Handling stat does!  ""HEY GUYS!  We can turn 'em to NINE o'clock now!  Yee haw!""The unit moving is ridiculous, at best.  It's always a responsive maneuver and never a pre-emptive one aside from not running into random things.  My guys just sit and shoot until an NPC decides to randomly jerk away so I have to move MY guys because they're too dumb to pursuit.  Then we sit around for another 5 seconds until the RNG AI decides to make a random pathing into a rock and kill itself.A game in a similar vein/theme, Death Skid Marks, got everything right about how car combat should be handled. This game should've been in some sort of turn based/time lapse idea instead of this car wreck. It's not a Convoy, it's fun as hell. This isn't and is forever uninstalled.Overall, DON'T be like heroic outlanders in Mad Max: JUST WALK AWAY!"
,Not Recommended,318230,24020646,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RJBS,"I really thought I'd like Convoy.  It looked, as it says, like ""FTL except with armored trucks.""  I found it perplexing, though.  I was almost never sure what I was doing, the tutorial was quite minimal, and there's no in-game help.  The basic starter gameplay isn't fun enough to keep me playing repeatedly to figure things out.  I'm moving on."
,Recommended,318230,29776045,Posted: 7 February,all,Major Dick Bong,"Oh, what a game. What a lovely game."
76561197972787671,Not Recommended,318230,34343815,Posted: 18 August,all,Portland Cement,"Played one session. In session had no problems what so ever riding around having little difficulty with every encounter. Upon attempting to return the last section of your ship you're attacked by a boss unannounced. Even with a full health squad of 4 decked out cars and mcv I couldn't get through it. Got through all boss sections and minion cars, which felt approprietly difficult and well designed, when he miraculously grows a death laser that tracks your cars faster than they can move and does more damage than anything presented thus far. Death laser destroys my tankiest truck in 5 seconds of fruitless evasive maneuvers then pumps away at my mcv as i impotently sit and wait to be ♥♥♥♥ed by this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I'm fine with a difficult boss and realize its a staple of the rougue like genre, I would be dissapointed if the boss offered no challenge. But after breezing through the game, to suddently be presented with that steep of a difficultly spike with no forewarning whatsover is stupid. It's almost like they realized they needed to have an FTL style crazy armada ship with no build up leading up to it. Not only that but i can't explain how stupid it felt to watch a tracking lazer tear apart my trucks 1 by 1 as i fruitlessles serpantiened. I honestly would have recommended it if it wasnt for the last 10 mins."
,Recommended,318230,15526258,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Daza_NZ,"Let me just say right off the bat this game is way more fun than FTL hands down. The random encounters and choices to make the gameworld more alive. If anything i'd wish there was more of these which balance out the combat phases. There is literally random outcomes, but sometimes that can go in your favor and is part of the charm especially if your chips were down and you managed to wing it. I could really see potential for expanding this game in an addon or sequel keeping all the same elements and expanding the map, story and interactions with characters and variety of vehicles.If you enjoyed FTL then this is game ought to be parked in your Steam garage right along side it. Do you see the dust clouds over yonder? them be Raiders approaching. Well what are you waiting for, go get em!"
76561198008619080,Not Recommended,318230,15524428,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Automator,"There is a difference between the charm of a game being in its difficulty. Its another when its just unfair and unbalenced. I loved FTL. It was brutally difficlut. But this game, strait unfair even on easy. I want to like this game! I really do! But as of now it seems like it is in need of some serious play testing and balencing!!"
76561198099704746,Not Recommended,318230,31595171,Posted: 6 May,all,Terrahex,"Even on the easiest difficulty, it will bombard you to the point that if you don't get the perfect set of random circumstances, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. I do NOT reccomend."
,Not Recommended,318230,16578055,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NoXie,"Tutorial is broken, GG."
,Not Recommended,318230,16624614,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Drowz0r,"Gives you the option of ""Easy"".Game still incredibly hard.Harder than FTL.Game is one big troll."
76561197975054310,Recommended,318230,16775877,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bloody_Mustache,"If FTL and Mad max had a baby, it would look like this game.And it is.10/10 wouldplayagain"
,Recommended,318230,16665086,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jon Rando,"A good game in the same vein as FTL.  While it lacks the depth of mechanics, lore and strategy that FTL has, it's unique vehicle combat and exploration are fun enough to make for an enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,318230,19977464,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BKutsu,"I want to like this game; I enjoyed FTL quite a bit. Maybe I need to invest more in the ""handling"" skill upgrade, but I just can't get over how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the pathing/response of your escort units can be. There's a wall that they clearly have time to avoid, but instead they take like 5 seconds before they start to move and crash into it like dumbasses. So then you permanently lose those units, and if you're early on that means you get to restart again. Yay."
76561198032057952,Recommended,318230,16664387,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kane_Severance,"Pretty excellent game.  Challenging, with good gameplay.  Very much like FTL.  The game itself is pretty short, even if you do all of the side content.  It's got decent replay value with random event results and the like, but I do feel like it could do with a bit more content for the price tag.  More side missions and fleshed out faction interaction would really kick it up a notch.If you enjoyed FTL and you like upgrading vehicles, you would enjoy this game."
76561198073508946,Not Recommended,318230,21034304,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Darconious,I could have liked this game if it had a normal save load game option. After 2 hours it's kind of a drag to have the caravan slaughtered...
,Recommended,318230,16576709,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Arekan,"It's perfect if you're the kind of person into games like this. Judging by how long it's been released, and the fact that the last update (as of the time writing this) was only a week/couple days ago, it's got a really nice future ahead of it. Add to that the fact that it has workshop support."
,Not Recommended,318230,24181638,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zed,"Convoy is bad mad max skinned FTL. End review.It's easy, simplistic, and lacks tension. It isn't a terrible game, but for something that so clearly wants to be FTL it barely brings anything new to the table and generally fails to realize what made that game great in the first place.Painfully mediocre is a good description for Convoy. Only bother with this game if you've played FTL to death.2/5, would not get one in the yarbles again."
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,318230,33343360,Posted: 7 July,all,Korva,They say this game is suppose to be FTL but with cars.But FTL has a sense of fairness and reward.
76561197970409239,Not Recommended,318230,22934670,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,MistaLee,"I really want to love this game.  The material, the indie vibe, the general concepts and theme...It's just way too damn hard.  I know there's some randomness involved, but after 4 runs now and just getting smashed RIGHT out of the gate, on easy, I just don't have the patience to keep trying until I luck out and get a good game start to enjoy it.I saw some twitch guys play it who lucked out and got some great random weapon drops right at the start and it set them off on a great run, but I just get wasted long before I have any interesting decisions to make that could impact that outcome.Also on a macbook, the resolution has all kinds of issues.  If I didn't know a trick about hitting cmd+F ahead of time to toggle different modes, I would not have been able to play at all.  As it was, my cursor didn't correspond to what it was over much of the time when I wasn't full screen.  So bummed.Really sorry for the dislike :("
76561198049532510,Not Recommended,318230,22067984,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Itara,"The description let me to believe there'd be a lot of in-depth strategic options; there weren't.Hoped for FTL-levels of options (deprive them of oxygen, teleport them into space, start melee fights on their ships etc), instead it was mostly ""manouver your cars in between them and you mcv"", ""shoot the cars by focussing fire/mines"", repeat.Interface is also really cumbersome; I get the retro look, but please learn from 20 years of UI ideas"
,Recommended,318230,24883883,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,tigertank44,1. Start first game2. Read tutorial3. Go into the desert4. Find s strangler and fix his ride5. He joins your group - his vehicle turns out to be uber powerul6. Loose that vehicle in first fight by driving it into a rock7. Throw mouse out the window10/10 - Would Convoy againMore serious notes:This game shows that decisions matter. There is no save/load functionality. Only Save & Exit to contine later. Whatever you do - its on you and you have to contine the mission with consequenes.This game has great replayability. On easy you can finsih the game in 1-2 hours. But you can always start over on higher difficoulty or try to get achivements which will unlock better starting vehicles.One piece of advice: there is no Karma or Reputiation systems in this game. Generally being a Hero of The Wasteland does not help you in completing the mission. You see a guy asking for a ride - shoot him.
76561198132310886,Not Recommended,318230,17908739,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,xylose,"Played through my first easy run in 2 hours, beat it. Who the hell beats roguelikes on their first try?! Tried again on medium, was the exact same damn game and won again. Literally no variation. Seriously half-arsed product here.Basically, take FTL, remove all charm, challange, and fun. And to rub insult onto injury, give it worse graphics.Thumbs down."
,Recommended,318230,33648711,Posted: 19 July,all,Graysongdl,"*T.O.R.V.A.K asks me to deliver some cargo for them*""Anything for my buddy T.O.R.V.A.K!""*Gets attacked by T.O.R.V.A.K encounters twice in a row**Delivers the cargo**They reward me**Yeah, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you guys now**Blow up their checkpoint**Take all their things**Make an effort to fight T.O.R.V.A.K whenever possible**Destroy as many checkpoints as possible**Destroy the pylon facility**Shoot down their drones**Refuse to comply when asked to power down my weapons or let them scan me**Absolutely demolish their weapons exposition**Bloody T.O.R.V.A.K..*Great game. A little unfairly hard, but if you liked that about FTL, you'll probably like that about this game. Unlike FTL, however, less seems to be at the mercy of RNG. A lot of things still have randomized outcomes, but usually, you'll get a good feel for what to do as you progress. Yes, that drink is always drugged. Of course, being selfless with that guy will always get you a new vehicle. But there's still enough random stuff to keep it interesting. Definitely pick it up if you like FTL."
,Recommended,318230,28717332,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kalkin,gud.
76561198042065338,Recommended,318230,29474055,Posted: 24 January,all,Palookamusician,"Great game to sink some time into, but can get frustrating"
76561198035419369,Recommended,318230,34739179,Posted: 4 September,all,papersuit,Just a really well polished fun game. If you enjoy FTL you will enjoy Convoy
76561197991303896,Recommended,318230,34110798,Posted: 8 August,all,TDuke,"It's good, but not amazing like FTL. The weapons choices are limited. The unlocks (new vehicles) fail to make the game fresh and each new play through becomes progresivly stale.It's not fair to leave a thumbs down though, I've had a lot of fun playing the game and I'll probably eke some replayability out of it in a few months."
76561198128678053,Recommended,318230,15673195,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CP| Hero_Gman,"So FTL and Mad Max bump into each other in the park. Mad Max introduces himself to FTL and comments about how beautiful she was. With the pickup being a success, Mad Max has FTL go out on a date with him. They date for a while and eventually get married. While on their honeymoon, FTL slowly aproaches Mad Max and gives him some shocking news; they were going to have a baby in three months. Confused, Mad Max told FTL he thought their child was going to be a disappointment, and that when he was born, they would have to abbondon him. Three months later, they did just that in an alleyway on a rainy night. Walking home from work on that very same night came non other than the legendary Mass Effect, a single dad. He heard the baby's cries and could not help but get attatched to him. Mass Effect decided to adopt the child and teach him in his ways. This child's name was Convoy.Pros:-Does not require imense amount of skill to play.-Lovely artwork and gamelay.-A large variety of vehicles and weapons to chose from.-Nice dialouge.-Very quirky and ""strange"" events.-Sometimes completely random things that do nothing to you whatsoever.-Ability to pause game and give commands.-For once, top-down is not so bad.-Very fast-paced, will get through game in 2-3 hours.Cons:-Extremely hard to find ""The Dragon"" and minibosses other than James Sykes and Andy.-VERY unforgiving game, (no reverse loads, no exit-and-escape) I got to The Boss, had only MCV left with half health, boss had almost nothing. Died and had to start all over.-Needs large amounts of gas to get around unless on a road.-Several Bugs and glitches that still need fixing.-Extreme prices for certain items.Final Verdict: Realistic gas price simulator 20159.5/10 Would kamakaze final escort to save dying MCV again.-"
76561198012826662,Not Recommended,318230,16568242,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spenraw,"Fun when I can play it, Crashes 90% of the time I try and play it"
,Not Recommended,318230,33215014,Posted: 3 July,all,NinjaSnarl,"If it's possible to absolutely murder the crap out of everything before the end of the game and then the final boss handily wins by virtue of nothing but gimmicks like massive-damage massively-sized attacks, endless insta-kill moves, and some the most incredibly poor pathfinding possible, the game isn't worth the time.Even on sale, save yourself the money and buy something where the devs have some basic understanding of the difference between ""challenge"" and ""garbage""."
,Recommended,318230,15668019,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Rex,"PROS!------Best 2D game ive played in YEARS!Spent over 3 hours farming to make my cars OP!Killed ""The Boss"" after 4 hours... but god daim, there was just that moment when I saw my old gaming life when I was about 7 (the time when you play a game and its just... wow!).CONS------In the 8 hours (atm) I have had only one problem with spamming thru menus that made everything stay on the screen, but everything else was amazing!9.5/10!!"
76561198035912685,Recommended,318230,19399584,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Poptart Legend,gud
76561198011665771,Recommended,318230,15657193,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Gendor Skraivok,"To new players: Easiest way to just get more trucks and a better chance: Just drive on the (black) roads and back and forth around a camp, after having runforabout 6000 kilometres you'll have unlocked a new truck.Like FTL This game can be paused with <Space>, and you get new unlocked trucks if you do certain things (Beat the main boss or minibosses usually for main truck and smaller ""achivement"" like things for the rest of the convoy) and a playthrough of hours can be wasted if you didn't get that one thing done.However, unlike FTL you don't have to think about saving missiles, where your energy should be spent and such. However, you will have to concentrate on keeping your trucks alive, sometimes it's harder then it first seems, but the game can be very unforgiving at times and give you a bad time. For an example you wont have any ways of finding out how much HP your trucks have in midfight, you will just see a Red/Blue bar telling you what you might expect.The game is very random it seems, and the first two times i played it i lost in less then 10 minutes, but on the third try i played for over 3 hours and unlocked 2 Main trucks and two convoy-trucks, beat the dragon went through the main mission got a mini-boss down and i could never feel i was being treated unfairly, but you have to be very lucky.The only thing that made the game possible for me was a random event where i met a girl in a colloseum alike thing and got some artefacts, then she would join me once i found her truck, so a definite tips for you too make early.Sadly the game has things where you just travel, and an event pops up and you only have one choice: Dodge the mines, you get no saying in ""Burn extra fuel to make it easier to get out"" or anything, you just get to hope that they wont take away your best vehicle, with your best weapons, with full upgrades, and you wont even get the scraps the vehicle has become.If you like to Micromanage while having all the time in the world, or liked FTL but wanted it to be easier, this might be it for you, however it's still roguelite and you might fail miserably until you start to get going."
76561198086841881,Not Recommended,318230,33943198,Posted: 31 July,all,vugak,"Combat is clunky and it is hard to tell the difference between your vehicles and the enemy's. This gets especially bad when you have more than 3 vehicles.The game is also too random. I understand that a degree of randomness is inherent to the rogue-like genre. But this is way too random. You might have all the upgrades and great weapons. But then a random encounter gives you 5 enemies all of which target your MCV as soon as the battle starts and kill or heavily damage it.I rarely regret buying games, but this is one of them. Not recommended."
76561197970239047,Not Recommended,318230,34004596,Posted: 3 August,all,Hugin,The most frustrating game I've played in years.  It's like FTL except with insane random difficulty spikes.  Simply trying to obtain enough fuel to get to missions is a nightmare.
,Not Recommended,318230,33163751,Posted: 2 July,all,AndHobbes,"It's got great art and concept, but the gameplay is repetitive and kind of shallow.Just play FTL instead."
76561198005654890,Not Recommended,318230,34542879,Posted: 27 August,all,SHIT YEAH!!!,need some updates
,Not Recommended,318230,32905055,Posted: 27 June,all,softinus.com- SpaceTrader,"So many bugs, The game freezes everytime when a MCV is broken down by exploding debris.Poor user interface. They may not care about readability of fonts."
76561198148140258,Not Recommended,318230,21139717,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,IAmAGroceryBag,f
76561198118889572,Not Recommended,318230,22785724,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Large Rodent,This game looked a lot cooler and then I played it. Imagine a bad straight forward and boring FTL.
,Not Recommended,318230,25555201,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Higger,"Wow. How can this be called a FTL anything? its so limmited in gameplay, makes no effort to explain how to advance, extra defence veichles are so rare that I die before I can even complete the starting misson.It's very unbalanced, please save your money and buy FTL or some game with actual depth and gamplay."
,Not Recommended,318230,19473001,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Geofferic,Locks up more than Masterlock.
76561198181872687,Recommended,318230,31725558,Posted: 13 May,all,Flame Boy | cs.money,This game is a work of art!!
76561198202321520,Not Recommended,318230,18307729,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,deathstroke23401,EVERY TIME I TRY TO START A GAME MY COMPUTER GOES TO A BLACK SCREEN
76561197998710555,Recommended,318230,15505501,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Skyleaf,"Game is fun but i cannot say if it will motivate me the same amount of time as ftl did (i beat it on my second go on easy, not knowing anything about the game). Especially the amount of weapons seems rather limited and if you do not unlock more i don't know how much ""progress"" you will feel in different playthroughs. Otherwise very well designed combat that might lack a bit in strategy department and focuses more on dodging and bursting enemies down."
76561198239614840,Not Recommended,318230,18894714,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SGT,"would be a fun game if it worked...read up on the game and you will see the ""black screen problem"""
76561198156974657,Not Recommended,318230,29050830,Posted: 5 January,all,iron_9009,If i wanted to get screwed this bad i would have just joined congress.
,Not Recommended,318230,25020469,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Duckroll,It's like a really terrible FTL. Your vehicles will often instadie as a rock comes out of nowhere and the vehicles won't fire unless told to. Fullscreen + Stretched is a must as the text is too tiny to read otherwise. Concept is interesting though.
,Recommended,318230,25284391,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SeaDawg,Worth every penny.
76561198120125260,Recommended,318230,31938171,Posted: 24 May,all,Ukroppen Offizier,"great game, but i would still give it a thumb's up just for Terry Pratchett reference"
,Not Recommended,318230,28875853,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wigs,"""It's like FTL!""- Every promotional description and review of this game""It's not like FTL.""- Me when I filled out my refund request with Steam Support"
,Not Recommended,318230,26701042,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Floke,FTL is much better.
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,318230,32622081,Posted: 21 June,all,Gammar51,Loading screen froze every time i tried to start the game. Make sure your game is functional before putting it on steam.
76561198045841988,Recommended,318230,21468713,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,GRUNKY PEEP,"If Mad Max and FTL had a lovechild, you'd get Convoy.10/10, 100/100, best Mad Max-esque game I've played."
76561198035793734,Recommended,318230,17098582,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,6shootah,"Convoy is a Roguelike that will remind you of Madmax, and also commonly gets compared to FTL.The game is Difficult, but not as difficult as FTL on anything but the hardest difficulty.The events are humorous, varied, and fit into the ""Madmax"" theme quite well, but I do wish for more events in the future.The starting vehicles are also varied, you can change your ""MCV"" and your first two vehicles.You can customize offensive weapons and utilities, depending on the vehicles.All together this game was worth the price, and I also hope that the modding community grows as the game ages."
,Recommended,318230,16944755,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ik1ne,"The only thing I don't like in the Convoy game is I have to learn weapon info - which is exactly what I've felt in FTL.After learning it, you'll fall in love with Convoy."
76561198037284047,Recommended,318230,17359402,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MotokoV2,good times !
76561198007324938,Recommended,318230,18305704,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Nice little game.Has interested me for a while, then got somewhat boring.It is a bit too expensive for what it offers, but I'll recommend it because it's a game with a soul :)"
76561197992611366,Recommended,318230,18975897,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,David Dores,Fun little mad max game
,Recommended,318230,17851233,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Krockobil,For you who liked FTL (faster then light) and want something different.If you have not play FTL then play it before you do this game.I think its great! Cant wait for more updates. =)
,Not Recommended,318230,17334108,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,uran238,"I was a big FTL fan and really looking forward to play this, but this is not anything the same. The setting is good but all this references to old games an movies constantly kill the atmosphere. This is so anoying. You can dive in the setting... If you like it hilarious perhaps this is for you. I prefere a good and fresh story not this nostalgic crap..."
76561197971067751,Recommended,318230,16800239,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,chevy1988,"This is great game!. So this game is like FTL only it has not recieved nearly the attention that game did. FTL is great too but  I like Convoy more.First and foremost Convoy gets rid of the one thing I didn't like about FTL in that there is no overwhelming force chasing you. Instead Covoy is more of a free roaming game where you need to complete missions to ultimately complete your main objective of repairing you spaceship and all the while surviving too. The latter includes not getting blown up of running out of resources.The gameplay primary consustes of navigating yor convoy around a map, making encounter choices, and combat. It should be noted that just like in FTL you will see encounters you have seen before but I have actually seen different results at times for while making the same choice that I had before.Combat does jump to a different screen and like FTL this is where you control which weapons fire and what they will be targeting but you also control your vehicles that are protecting your main vehicle which only travels in a straight line but if it dies, you die. So the battle is not static as enemy vehicles and yours can manuevers around the battlefield in real time. This is important because you do have range, you can ram vehicles, and there are environmental obstacles as well such as debris, mines and structures. Some of those hazard can result in your vehicles blowing up if your not paying attention as they smash head on into a building. It kind of reminds me of a scene from Mad Max Beyond Thundrerdome where they are trying to protect a fuel truck from the bad guys.Any way if you like FTL you should like this game too.9.5 out of 10."
76561198079436548,Recommended,318230,16154656,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Fraustratedcheese,This game is very good I got it right after I saw Mad MAx Fury Road whoch is a ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME MOIVE btw the one thing that I wich you could do is add a few more MVCs' to the game for example the dragon would be awsome and maybe a flamethrower system too
76561198121842620,Recommended,318230,16340142,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FirstAidMan,"This is a good game. I like the fact that you have to control the cars, tell them what to attack, and move them to avoid wrecks and obstacles. The only problem I've encountered is that sometimes when you get a screen showing that you can collect loot it won't let you leave that screen to play the game. Also, when I try to start a new game, all I see is a black screen."
76561197972345823,Recommended,318230,17726159,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,maltert,Mad Max meets FTL gameplay. Nice challenge and a lot of replayability here. I'd reccommend starting on Easy first.
76561198031394328,Recommended,318230,17516574,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Wookieelicious,"I was really excited to play Convoy, and it lived up to those high expectations. The game really does feel like an open world FTL meets Mad Max. The gameplay is good, except for the insane jump in difficulty from the main gameplay to the final boss. Limited replayability."
76561197999801552,Recommended,318230,17126686,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lowrider,"Your starship crashed on a planet and your mission is to collect items to repair it.You travel around on a map and in special encounters the view switches to a arcade car-view. You can have several of different cars which you can equip with various stuff you buy at shops or find in encounters. This part of the game is the most fun part: It has a very strategic part to it.The game gets hard fast. And before you first will see the boss you will die a few times for sure.It is a nice time killer :DThere are only two negative things i personally do not like that much:- It is too much based on luck for my taste. A single, random event can be extremly devastating. Which in turn takes away some/if not alot from the fun.- If you get all the parts and arrive at your spaceship before the boss reaches you, the game just waits until you fight the boss. This is especially annoying, when the boss kills you."
,Recommended,318230,17127809,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,FIREARMS UNITED,"The description ""A mix of FTL and Mad Max"" really is 100% spot on. I love it!"
76561198136235875,Recommended,318230,18015380,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Palermo,"Buckle up, this is a good one!Have you ever dreamed of being a leader of a convoy driving through the wasteland searching for parts and troubles?Then this is a game for you!Drive, fight, search, make decesions, become who you want to be.I had a great time playing this game.I recommend it!"
76561198051980158,Recommended,318230,15772108,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,kkcc,i really injoy the game. but my problame is when your spawn ona brige and one of your cars fall off  becouse it spawn off the brige...  fix the spawns plz
76561198088213774,Recommended,318230,19646600,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,spots2012,"If you like FTL, you'll like this, very similar game, worth having."
,Recommended,318230,19375234,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mr.PhailPhox™,Very hard and very fun good luck.
76561197994599525,Recommended,318230,19433116,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ZenTeapot,Good and fun game. Would love to have more content though. After a few playthroughs I've seen most of the scenarios and can clearly identify conversation patterns.
,Not Recommended,318230,19426771,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Timje,"Well, hm, I'm torn.The Good:The gameplay is great, especially the tactical battles. I love the movement and the targetting, swerving out of the way of wrecks and mines and blocking shots on your main convoy - truly engrossing. The storyline was entertaining enough, and the factions each have a distinctive and interesting culture.The Bad:I finished the game on my first run, without any help or guidance. I guess that means that the game's easy to pick up, but I can't help but feel sorely disappointed to have run through the entirety of the main storyline in my first try - I guess I expect roguelikes to be tougher than this. FTL definitely ate more time before I managed to get anywhere with it, SanctuaryRPG took a few days to get through and I'm still struggling through Out There. I'm just not sure that there's enough replayability in there when all that higher difficulties add is tougher resource management."
,Recommended,318230,19450092,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ruffletum,I made my crew into fuel. 10/10
76561198059537359,Recommended,318230,19523005,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheBoxGhost,"It's been a long journey trying to find something that scratched the same itch FTL did, but this little game hits the spot just right.  From an overworld system vaguely resembling Fallout 1 overlaid with FTL-like radio beacon events, to the engaging vehicle battles (with a handful of sometimes optional boss fights), Convoy presents itself strong.  My only real complaint lies in the games overall attitude and atmosphere; it's serious and silly in a very Borderlands kind of way, but it becomes a bit tiresome when EVERYTHING in terms of scenarios and dialogue is some kind of unnecessary reference to a tv show or meme.  There's still plenty of room for this title to grow, mainly just in terms of adding more weapons and making scenarios more subject to chance rather than always having one right answer.  I feel Convoy will do just that, whether it be by the developers or mods.  Bottom line:  if you need a strategic rogue-like, look no further."
,Recommended,318230,19402859,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Veritas,"As good as FTL in certain points, just FTL have easier fighting mechanism, despite that, more freely-exploration  and more control during battle."
,Recommended,318230,19339049,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ratbuddy,Fun.
76561198145930115,Recommended,318230,21309984,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Franklin Roosevelt,"This is a great game, it is replayable and you unlock new stuff. I'd recommend it if you wanna play a text based and attack based combo, I would recommend you buy it"
76561198084706898,Recommended,318230,21101419,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,a sad dude,"So, in a game about looking for spare parts for a spaceship on a derelict planet I just found a dragon. And died.Needless to say, it's a great game."
76561198025009628,Recommended,318230,21240090,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Toad Elevating Moment,"We're going to come up for a name for ""games that are kinda like FTL but slightly different"" in the same way that we all stopped calling open-world games ""GTA Clones"". I'm suggesting ""Tactical Roguelikes"".""FTL but not as good"" sounds like a much worse review than it is - I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,318230,21256551,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SimplyLeon,"This game is great. Its a lot like FTL but has its own elements within the game that makes it unique for example you have the ability to drive around the map instead of picking a location to head to like in FTL, they aren't the same game but if you were to maybe watch a few videos or read a few more other reviews then you would understand why people like myself compare them. Like I said before the game is great with the odd con but more pros then anything. The game is short once you finally get good at it instead of constantly getting butt f****d by the enemies you face and can prove to be challanging however you have more fun then stress when playing the game. The game can last for however long you want too making sandbox since your main mission is to repair your spaceship, oh you have quests too so you have the main quest and sde quests which you can choose to pick up on your travels. Another thing that makes this game great is the mini bosses, they're hard to go against but it creates a bigger challange late game."
,Not Recommended,318230,21179570,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fl3sh,"As others have suggested, it's a lot like FTL. The problem is, it's just not as good as FTL. If the theme is really exciting for you, then give it a shot. Otherwise, you might as well go play FTL instead as it's the superior game."
76561198011968674,Recommended,318230,21161596,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TheOneTheyCallBruce,"It's a good way to kill an afternoon, but you'll probably see just about everything there is to in a single playthrough. So if you're particularly concerned about your dollar-to-hour ratio, you may want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,318230,21573695,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,dolan49f,"Fun Game, beat within 4 hours. If you liked FTL, you will love this game."
76561198011275042,Recommended,318230,21972801,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Lee,"Charming graphics with a theme that roughly reminds you of Mad Max. I said roughly~ Very fun gameplay with simplistic controls and strategic pause. Lots of unexplored potential, though. The difference between units is little to none and some are too hard to unlock to even be worthy the bother.The game is super short and pretty repetitive after a short while. It's good fun for a few hours but then... Eh.Why reccomend it, then? More people buying this is a thumbs up for the devs to work harder on a Convoy 2 or even a big DLC with lots of new things to do in this game. Or, who knows, something similar where they put more effort into it. The idea is already out there and the potential is up for grabs.If you want to pay dirty cheap you can wait for some sale. I paid nearly nothing for this."
,Recommended,318230,20979854,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gower,Awesome game
76561198120443741,Recommended,318230,21632876,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,roinflavon,Awesome.
76561198057194771,Recommended,318230,21916391,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"Good concept and very well delivered. It doesn't quite have the longevity of FTL, but it is far and away the best contender for the ""FTL-like"" title."
,Recommended,318230,20400724,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[TI] Ajf151,"This game plays a lot like FTL, though it is a much different setting and there are a few mechanics that differ quite a bit. It is also balanced like FTL in that getting to the final boss isn't that hard, but the final boss cheats, pulls out multiple forms and ultimate weapons, and crushes you to death even if you play correctly. I've always hated that about FTL and I am disappointed that this game went the same route. Overall, the game is fun to play, so I recommend it. However, if an impassible barrier at the end of the game ruins it for you, stay away from this one. If you like the challenge, then go for it."
76561198026609213,Recommended,318230,20434534,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Aeon,Fantastic Indie Strategy game. We need more like this!!!
,Recommended,318230,20611912,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nettrow,Its FTL with cars.
,Recommended,318230,20697540,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ϟϟ Colchis,"Great game, love the battles. Excellent sound effects for the weapons. When using the cannon or machine gun it sounds like there's real power behindThe world map could use some variety and the same goes for the battle map. For example the world map could have really hostile terrain that is dangerous to enter, reflected in the battle map with far less space to manoeuvre and more obstacles, including moving obstacles, i.e., fireballs of magma.Hoping the devs will make another game or expand this one with even more content, including open-ended gameplay, something the FTL devs have not done to my disappointment.Recommended for the current price. With the achievements and unlocks you could easily squeeze 50 hours out of this."
,Recommended,318230,19949818,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"Dec 2015This game is a good reason why you shouldn't rate a game until you really played it. My opinion on it has changed a few times and after a lot of hours I really, really like it.The combat is fun but I also found if you do play it a second time it can be different. I found new cars and weapons and my experience was different. I'm now looking forward to playing it a 3rd time (completed it once). Quests change and can be full of surprises giving you some cool cars\weapons\boss fights.Pro's ---Free roamBattles are really fun and originalInteresting questsGood boss fightsCool looking carsGood weapon\combat systemCon's ---Fuel bug (dont run out!) plus first time game-start fails. Alt-F4 and restart required each time.Game is too short (minor issue)Cars look different but are pretty much the same thing.World map looks dull and repeditive. Quest pointers required to get around. No landmarks.I'd like to see more car types. Maybe bikes as well. (very minor issue)The sounds and music are terrible. Recommend play on Mute with your own music.____Overall a damn good game and could be expanded upon. After the last boss battle I'd love to fly to a new world and do it again. I'd love to see this as a much, much bigger world or with the ability to visit new worlds (new maps), new vehicles and weapons. Thats a bit of a game changer but shows a lot of potential.A fun, casual game with car battles."
,Recommended,318230,20170622,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Quartz,"This is a really well done homage to FTL. I normally scoff at games that say ""Yeah, this other game is so good I made my own"" *coughminecraftcough* but this game is a pretty good homage, like I said. There should be more roguelikes that are not ""guy wandering around the dungeon"", and this is a worthy addition to the genre.My only complaints is the lack of structure compared to FTL (Driving across hexes vs warping to systems will do that), and the raw struggle at the start of the game, you're often either finding useful gear or dying rapidly, which is frustrating. But those complaints are endemic to the genre, so cheers."
76561197961979501,Recommended,318230,25878323,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,(|=sTm=|) gnu_lorien,This game was exactly what I wanted. The combat is fun. The randomized events keep you guessing. The challenge escalates at a pace that's doable.
76561198125582124,Recommended,318230,26048497,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,RoberLink44,"A bit pricey when not on sale, but it's a very good game. You can unlock new vehicles by completing certain achievements and try new stratagies with them, giving this a very good replay value. It even has references to other things like Starcraft, Monkey Island and Back to the Future! So yes, i recommend buying this.P.S Super Heavy Lasers and Super Heavy Railguns. If you can, BUY THEM."
,Recommended,318230,19359098,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cyrix,"After playing this more I'll have to change my recommendation from a No to a Yes. Convoy has some design flaws - the biggest one of them being the insta-kill obstacles which your drivers won't automatically avoid and are very difficult to dodge if you wait until theyre onsreen. Those goddamned things nearly ruined the game for me. It does warn you with flashing skulls on the right edge of the screen, but they are easy to miss in the heat of combat, and to be honest I didn't realize what they indicated until I reached the boss for the first time. Your first time through, I HIGHLY recommend pausing every 2 seconds to look for skulls so that you can move out of their way in time.Combat is hectic and intense. It's very different than FTL - there aren't nearly as many layers to it, but I wouldn't say that it is necessarily much less challenging or tactical than FTL. Instead of moving around crewmembers and choosing which parts of the enemy ship to disable and when to fire your weapons, you're telling your escort vehicles where to move and who to shoot at. When limited ranges and line-of-sight weapons come into play, combat actually becomes very complex and exciting - especially if you can manage not to pause for long periods.You can put weapons and utilities onto your escorts - though only some support utilities - and your main convoy vehicle (MCV, which I don't think actually stands for Main Convoy Vehicle...). There isn't as much noticable diversity to the weapons as in FTL, because you don't need to time your shots with the escort vehicles' weapons; they boil down to their HP DPS and their armor DPS. However, whether they require line of sight is also an important factor, and choosing the right weapons for each escort can make a big difference.There are relatively few weapons for the MCV, but those function more like weapons in FTL - they have long cooldowns and you have to carefully choose when and where to fire them.The ability to ram enemy vehicles can also come into play, although I'd only recommend it if you have the utility that negates ramming damage to your own vehicles. Once cool aspect to ramming is that you can occasionally use it to force enemy vehicles into instakill obstacles, although to be honest you can accomplish that about as easiy without ramming them.One thing that bothers me about the game is it is chock-full of random pop culture references. There are sooooo many of them. It hurts the ambiance of the game, and it's a sign of laziness on the part ofthe developers - copying some dialog from Back to the Future or A Clockwork Orange iis easier than thinking of your own dialog. Unlike FTL, I quickly found myself skipping all of the dialog.The inexperience of the developers shows in the sometimes clunky game design - it's obvious that they copied certain mechanics from FTL without fully understanding them. For example, the scrap costs and rewards use very similar numbers to FTL - but shields are the exception rather than the norm in this game, and consequently you have to spend much more on repairs than in FTL. If you start a Normal game with the wrong vehicles, you'll lose more than you earn on every encounter, and unlike FTL there is no way to escape an encounter without completely killing the enemy."
76561198032858683,Recommended,318230,24665342,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,P U G P A R T Y,"If you liked FTL this is a great game. Your spaceship crashed and you need to travel around and battle bad guys to get parts to fix it. You even have a lil' convoy of warvehicles to protect your mobile base as you look for parts. Fun game with lots of nerdy references and hell, the voices for the vehicles come from Command and Conquer.However, nothing makes me want to rage quit and uninstall faster than spending an entire evening failing and starting over then finally getting all four major parts- having the final boss show up and ♥♥♥♥ up your convoy like they're paper mache and then you've got to wait five minutes while it blows up your mobile base."
,Recommended,318230,24553882,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Isn't Betty a Woman's Name?,"It's a fun title with a fair amount of replay value, and it gives you exactly what the package says.I've enjoyed it a lot, and I hope to see more similarly nice products in the future from these guys."
76561198088672701,Recommended,318230,15537376,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Protodip,"Take FTL and throw in a little open-worldiness and you get Convoy... a very enjoyable game still being updated by the developer.  If you liked FTL, you will love Convoy.  LOL, make sure your cars are prepared for the boss battle (ugh)."
,Recommended,318230,24968451,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Charming Dazz,"This game is amazing, it's like it saids. ftl mixed with whatever. not mad max however but something where you're in a car that shoots itself. the FTL part is where you just pause and decide where they go.Favorite part about that is trapping their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a corner to hit a wall and die in a horrible explosion so that way I have a huge chance of winning, even know that causes (hype) damage but so worth it."
76561197975111544,Recommended,318230,27800551,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Woolfe,"Good game.  So everyone keeps calling it FTL like.  It kind of is, but only in the sense of it being a roguelike and tough with random missions and encounters and autosave etc.But the actual gameplay is of course totally different.I'm really enjoying it.  The combat is all about manuevering your vehicles in order to bring as much to bear on the opponents whilst taking as little damage as possible to your vehicles and MCV.Terrain plays a part, and there is nothing quite as satisfying as a well placed ram that sends the other vehicle into an oncoming obstacle.I haven't yet worked out the best weapons mix and vehicles etc, but it is interesting.Overall a good game, and for 5 dollars well worth it."
76561197977537354,Recommended,318230,27513994,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kakashi,I prefer it to ftl because I'm not forced to outrun a fleet the whole game.  Great game!
76561197972382223,Recommended,318230,27555631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Falcon,"Do you like “rogue-like” gameplay? Do you like squad/fleet management?  Do you like vehicle customization?  Do you want all of this rolled up in a beautifully-simple, elegant package with a space-western backdrop (and retro graphics)?  Congratz: convoy is for you.Solid gameplay, plenty to unlock, and enough content to make each game different while keeping the replay value pretty high.If it’s on sale for 5 bucks or less I’d say you could easily get your money’s worth out of it even if you don’t love the genre I described above as much as I do."
76561198088813640,Recommended,318230,27387027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,trash_skeleton,"I very much enjoyed this little game (I say little not due to price but to actually time length) but I did have my little niggles with this game.First off, the diffuculty curve is odd. It slowly increases in difficulty as you progress, stops in a medium-ish range, and then becomes a lot harder at the end with almost no warning. I was able to get through the hard times, but my cars had never gone that low in health.Second, weapons do not slowly increase in value, you can get very high powered weapons at the beginning of the game, but that is just a factor of RNG.Third, this game has an obsession with the number 4. You main car can only have 4 items, so can your cargo hold, there is only 4 cars you can have along with your main car, there was 4 objectives; and whenever you either get more than 4 cars/storage is full and you find a new item you have to get rid of it without scrapping it.Fourth, when the game says it was inspired by Mad Max, it is mainly talking about the scene where the War Rig was being defended by the War Boys against Rusty Sonic's Raiders; and when it talks about FTL it is talking about targeting and pausing the game. Not the worst things, however don't expect really anything else.Lastly, the whole driving aspect (not the battles, getting around the map). I liked that it was a topographical map, and the areas with road you drive through you drive faster than areas without road. Its just that fuel went out way to quickly if you tried doing a direct route to your destination.Overall, I loved this game. I got it for sale so I can't really argue about the price (I would have though). I also loved the combat sections, where you had to navigate terrain and ram enemy vehicles to gain an advantage. I found the whole planet (and its random encounters, talking about you teleporting guy) to be very atmospheric but at times there was comic relief when it was acceptable (for Instance, helping out a hitchhiking hippy)TLDR: Mad Max Car gets shot at by ""pirates"", raiders, and The Brotherhood of Steel Outcasts with cars, then spaceship."
76561198052965201,Recommended,318230,27617549,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Derrick Rifkin,"Imagine if you took FTL, crashed the ship and decided to run a Mad Max-type scenario on the remaining ground forces. That's probably the best way to describe this game."
76561198019783087,Recommended,318230,28586331,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Frooples,"I judge all such games now by FTL.  By that standard, this isn't quite as good because it doesn't provide quite the same deep variety as FTL.  But it has some cool differences, including travel ability that's more freeform, and the different kind of combat experience.  Lots of depth here and if you've exhausted FTL, this may be a good choice for you.  Btw, if you're not familiar with games like this, the learning curve can be a bit steep, especially since the instructions are pretty darn minimal, but if you can keep with it, it gets really fun.  (Disclaimer: I've only played for a few hours, lost a few times quickly and then won one campaign on easy level.)"
,Recommended,318230,28016697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,#Shovin'ThoseWaves,"Decent timesink of a game. whilst the nuts of the game come down to ""make the enemy stop hitting my main convoy"" there's enough rngesus in the game for you to have fun grinding out more vehicles to use."
76561197973742846,Recommended,318230,28704019,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Afbee the Cutpurse,"Sort of like FTL, but with more tactial freedom.  At least it seems like it as you can do a lot of cool manouvers with four vehicles with various weapons/tactical configurations.Control up to four vehicles of various types with a main bigger vehicle that can only equip special (usually awesome) weapons(four beams FTW).I THINK it is slightly easier than FTL, but it is hard to judge.  I am having about as much fun as when I first played FTL, though the RNG can really screw you at times.  Still need to try normal to see how it rates in luck leaning with the RNG.Be brutal.  Blast, smash, arm, and build."
,Recommended,318230,28563222,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tntt987™,"Fun game, easy is, well, easy, and can be kinda funny at times.9/10 $"
,Recommended,318230,28639064,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ghostornamental,"really excellent game! very much in the ftl vein but that's a positive thing. highly recommended. one thing though - watch out for buildings and rocky outcroppings! my first playthrough it didn't occur to me to beware these things, and watching both your escort vehicles wiped out in quick succession and then the agonizing process of your unarmed mcv being gradually pummeled to death by a single raider dunebuggy is just heartbreaking. RIP hot coffin, red dog 13, and mad stone"
,Recommended,318230,28649725,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,superjamie,"I like this game. Mad Max meets FTL doesn't do the game justice, it's got its own ideas and does things pleasantly differently.You drive your convoy around an overworld map, you have free reign to do sidequests or objectives or just explore. There's nothing forcing you ahead like in FTL, you could probably play for a long time if you were good enough.Combat is top-down, and you manage the positioning and targeting of your vehicles. You can block some enemies from shooting your central unit, at the risk of depleting the health of your smaller units.It's very difficult at first, but give it a few games and you'll get a completion. I had my first within 5 hours of playing the game and I am not great at these sorts of things. There's a LOT of difficult unlocks for players more advanced than me.A lot of reviews complain about lack of path finding or things which don't happen automatically. I think that misses the point of the game. It's supposed to be about strategic micromanagement. If you think things should happen automatically then this isn't the game for you.Sure there's a few interface niggles which could have been better, but overall Convoy is a great looking, great sounding, fun and unique game. Recommended."
76561198118014508,Recommended,318230,28981842,Posted: 3 January,all,[KO]_knight_COMBATWA4LES,"I love the game and i think a second one could be a good choice, but the second one should have more things like after 6 runs all i got was the same side missions all the time. The way you unlock the new cars and stuff i think could use some improvement like it should say something a little warning so that you could have some idea on where to go to do the missions for the unlocks. The game is great though i would have to recommend."
76561197989224389,Recommended,318230,28998913,Posted: 3 January,all,Thundar,I am a big gan of Autoduel.This is a roguelike remake of Autoduel.From what I've played so far it looks like fun.
,Recommended,318230,33231331,Posted: 4 July,all,The Bastard,"This game preserves the FTL experience while maintaining its own identity.  I believe this could be the start of an FTL-like sub-genre.  Convey preserves the look and feel of FTL, but boasts an entirely different setting with a new over world and combat system.This game is delightfully unforgiving and appeases the desires of this masochistic gamer."
76561198149469276,Recommended,318230,33293015,Posted: 5 July,all,BiosHazard,The game is quite okay if you do not expect it to be too much like FTL.The main missions and combat are a bit repetative.The battles and the movement on the map are a little bit slow paced.Playing it with speedhack (x2) solved that for me quite well.I would not recommend getting this game for full price (13€).But I think getting it for around 5€ is pretty worth it.
,Recommended,318230,29099271,Posted: 7 January,all,Int,"After the first few minutes in it I've been left with an impression that the game just sucks.I decided to give it another shot though and well, it paid off.I'll just put a list of random thoughts about it below, there is really not much to talk about:- Game mechanic is rather close to FTL- Most of the time you will abuse pause button to give away orders to your units.- Side quests are well-written and rather entertaining at times.- Sound design is rather dull and just OK, nothing worth mentioning about.- Poorly balanced compared to FTL, there are just not enough options to proceed with.- Enemy encounters feels rather repetitive except for few unique mini-boss battles.- Replayability is doubtful: you are getting the same side mission every run as far as I noticed.You could tell that this game is not awesome based on the thoughts list but I did enjoy the time spent with it. The game has some interesting design decisions making it worth checking out at least once but that's just it. Buy it if you miss FTL rogue-like pause-based RPG experience, just do not expect much from it."
76561197979969103,Recommended,318230,29174081,Posted: 10 January,all,Kiros,Well made twist on FTLs formula. Not as good as FTL in my opinion but a good game in its own right.
76561198004701225,Recommended,318230,29282704,Posted: 15 January,all,van the man,"FTL re-imagined is one way to look at it, FTL reskinned would be another. I played FTL until I was sick of it, so this game burned out for me in only 3 hours, because they're really similar in terms of decision making, resource management, quasi-tactical real time combat, memorization of narrative trees, and the scope of the production.The soundtrack is some decent psytrance stuff. Made it a little bit more enjoyable.In a vacuum, it's a great game. In the same market as FTL, it isn't novel, it's more of the same. Thumbs up because, for some people, that's perfect."
76561198027504150,Recommended,318230,29410563,Posted: 21 January,all,fletchedit,"I liked Convoy, in general, as it reminded me of FTL, but with a Mad Max kinda vibe. Pauseable real-time battles made it playable for someone with low dexterity like me, and the theming was neat (and occasionally hilarious). I enjoyed customizing my vehicles, and every time a battle plan came together (especially crashing enemies into stuff) it was great fun.That being said, it got very grindy, and after two runs, I was done. The battles became very repetitive, and after a while, I stopped finding useful stuff to add to my convoy. Once the same missions started popping up over and over, I decided to stop.So, a fun little romp, and worth a look if you like top down rogue-likes, but not a game I expect to play over and over."
76561197997927151,Recommended,318230,30121976,Posted: 23 February,all,nbilyk,"Overall, Convoy is a very fun game.Likes:I enjoyed the combat mechanics, they were fast paced and well thought out. The way you use the terrain to your advantage was fun-- knocking the opponents into walls or mines. The music and graphics were good, and the boss battles appropriately epic.Dislikes:I feel like they shot themselves in the foot comparing themselves to FTL; they're not even in the same league.  The variance in gameplay isn't there, and it's just not very replayable."
,Recommended,318230,29998020,Posted: 17 February,all,Cromagna,"Running and gunning!Convoyis a fun Rogue-lite game with plenty of laid-back action and strategy. There's just enough world building, questing, and choice-driven NPC encounters to make it a lightweight RPG.Convoyis one of those games that I love to pick up for an hour or two when I get home from work and want to chill out. If you play on the higher difficulty settings, the game requires a fair bit of tactics to win a fight - not too much to be frustrating, but enough to be an exciting challenge. I've also found that the game has great replayability. This is my third or fourth play-through and I'm still thoroughly enjoying it. When you pull off a carefully calculated strategy against a large enemy force, it's very satisfying. Every fight I win makes me feel like a triumphant road warrior, shiny and chrome."
76561197991828645,Recommended,318230,19430932,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vintage Rum,"IF YOU PLAYED > 20 HOURS OF FTL, YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME. ( PUT IT ON YOUR WISH LIST,* I bought if at $7.50*, THE NEXT TIME YOU SEE IT ON SALE YOU DO SO AS WELL) It's a crime that this indie gem has remained hidden this long.  All this game lacked was a little polish and the same critical reception at a timely window for an indie piece to succeed in the same manner.  This is a bit too expensive without a ""advanced update"" in spirit of the devs who declared the game a strongly ftl influenced game.  THEY JUST NEED TO RUN THE BALL A BIT FURTHER ON A FEW MORE WRITING PIECES, PIXEL THEME PIECES FOR MOODS IN DIFFERNET AREAS (E.X. GREATER VARIETY OF CAMPS, A FEW MORE TUNES, AND PERHAPS A MORE EXCITING WORLD MAP THAT SELL THE ENVIRONMENT ) However purchasing on sale for $7.50  I am %110 satisfied with this game being a enjoyable roguelike experience with 12 hours logged.  I'm sure I will add many hours yet with all the starting convoy achievements much like FTL starter ships.   This game definitely still feels close to an amature flash game in some regards if you want to be a short attention spanned millenial who never wants to read or just take a moment to sink your teeth in and feel the heart of a game... and really pretend along.   IF YOU PLAYED > 20 HOURS OF FTL, YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME. MAYBE WE'LL BE LUCKY ENOUGH FOR MORE DECENT ROGUE LIKES SUCH AS THIS."
76561198114097712,Not Recommended,318230,17747426,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,old_lazer_eye,"If you came because of FTL and are looking for an FTL like game, don't count on it being like you thought. The only things that are really simular between the games are pausing mid battle, graphics, and sci-fi theme. I personally don't like the game, mainly because I was looking forward to something related to FTL, and this game didn't exactly meet my requirement. And if I recall, you would run out of fuel very fast. I know that happened in FTL too, but I remember running out fast in Convoy."
76561198260032145,Recommended,318230,32952674,Posted: 28 June,all,efallwel,"Mad Max-ian FTL-esk RTS/RPG.For less than $4, this was a neat little RTS. It took a lot of really quick restarts (like less than 5 min in) to find a viable strat, but after I did I enjoyed this game. Nice progression, felt like the RPG choices I made actually had an impact on the game. The humor in this game wasn't too-too heavy, and made me actually laugh a couple of times. Overall, its a nice little game that seems like it could have a lot of replayability if it clicks for you."
,Recommended,318230,33119761,Posted: 2 July,all,HughJas,"Great game... until the end boss, which is impossible."
,Recommended,318230,33480896,Posted: 12 July,all,Mr Gandarf,"FTL with cars however FTL is better, but this is still good."
,Recommended,318230,33583462,Posted: 16 July,all,Ransom722,Very interesting game. Somewhat in the style of the old masters like Fallout 2 (talking about the approach to the story).A drawback for me....it's very short
76561198031011148,Recommended,318230,33564894,Posted: 15 July,all,Habanero,"I played it q few times through. It is not quite as good as FTL for my tastes, but it did give me 40 hours of entertainment and I got it on sale. Don't pay full price, but it is worth getting!Lots of really cool references to the 'real' world as well."
76561198121130609,Recommended,318230,33600787,Posted: 16 July,all,Vamp,Bloody great game. It's just as said Mad Max meets FTL and theirs a lot of small cool side quests.
76561198143697612,Recommended,318230,33769295,Posted: 24 July,all,A Soviet Tank,"Convoy is a fun FTL inspired game. The combat is really well done, and there are a variety of ways to kill your enemies (Ramming them into oncoming buildings is one of my favourites). There is also a large selection of modules and weapons, and multiple MCVs and cars.Convoy is great for the first couple runs, but you start to see the same encounters over and over after that. There are challenges to unlock more MCVs and cars, similar to unlocking ships in FTL, which makes up for the lack of encounters a bit.I definetley reccomend it, as Convoy has a great combat system and great boss battles too. Beware, though, the replayability is not as high as you might want it to be."
,Recommended,318230,33931507,Posted: 31 July,all,alphasapien,"I enjoy this game more than chili rellenos.I like it more than FTL for the simple fact that you aren't on such a timer. No deadly fleet chasing you around, putting the pressures on. For me this meant I could take my time and build up my stats while I sucked at the game.Now that I can beat it every time, I just drive around the initial base/town and go back when I get too hurt for a little while until I find or can buy upgrades.I was a Mad Max fan until they butchered the new movie a couple years ago, so I enjoyed the story lines and trying to guess what to do much more than in FTL. The games are similar.Oh and don't forget, no matter how powerful, perfect, wonderous, or lucky your team/build is, if you a miss an obstacle or two, you may find yourself starting over. I did a few times. You will finally figure out and luck out and get a rare driver to join you and BAM! miss an incoming obstacle and now they're gone. GONE! Gone, gone, gone. GONE! Gone man. Let it go. Gone.Hahaa. This game is great."
76561198055463536,Recommended,318230,33998570,Posted: 3 August,all,Mac Daddy,"A very fun Rogue-like that has is heavily influenced by FTL, but does enough differently to have its own identity. The combat system is very strategic and requires a lot of pause and play especially with the more weapons and vehicles that you acquire throughout each run. The vehicle and weapon variety is plentiful and makes you want to keep coming back to try the different combinations. Also it's always interesting to see the different outcomes from the random encounters that come up while traversing through the map. All these elements combined with a slew of starter vehicles to unlock through successful runs requiring the player to beat the game through different combat means. Overall I definitely recommend this game to fans of FTL and the Rogue-like genre who don't mind a bit of a learning curve."
,Recommended,318230,35111838,Posted: 21 September,all,mr skeltal,"It's like an easier version of FTL, but at the same time not. There are a lot more real-time elements in this, so there's a greater learning curve, but the game is still overall fairer than FTL."
76561198107060384,Recommended,318230,35354045,Posted: 30 September,all,Zapperier,"Phenomenal game: entertaining, replayable, simple to play and difficult to master."
,Recommended,318230,35347585,Posted: 30 September,all,Fast and Serious,"The combat you see in the trailer is the only action you gonna experience in this game. There is allot or random elements, different paths, maybe you don't wanna give up your vehicles but if you do you get a random♥♥♥♥♥event to happen. even tho the action stays the same you find a few bugs (non of them are gamebreaking)Do not expect much of this game, I recomend other titels like: Nuclear Throne, Terrariabut you knowI like this game, it was something new for me and I say it was pretty unique"
