user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,318530,13233656,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Achelon,"After playing Wings of Vi for a good while I decided to do a proper review.DifficultyUsually I'd mention gameplay first, but I think the difficulty this presents will be the largest single deciding factor on whether you'll like it or not.Wings of Vi is a very brutal experience, you'll likely find that the difficulty ramps up faster than you can learn the game, meaning you'll have to crank out repetitive grinding to overcome some areas, boss fights especially are showstoppers, as they're both tanky and spammy, so you'll need to dissect their patterns to nigh perfection if you want to progress. However Wings of Vi never pulls cheap shots, everything is approriately telegraphed so the amount of foresight required to beat obstacles is sparce, however if it's a laid back sunday platformer you're looking for, I'd look elsewhere.Note that the game does have difficulty settings: ""easy"" is a lot more gratious, but by no means any kind of autowin, Grynsoft has voiced an interest in trying to soften the experience on ""easy"" difficulty to accomodate a broader audience though, I'll update this review if any significant progress happens on that front.GameplayThe platforming elements of Wings of Vi are heavily vested in both precision, timing as well as resource management: Using the right actions, at the right spots and in the right amount. You'll mainly be working with two mechanics: Jumping and fluttering. Jumping is a familiar friend and it works as you'd expect, with the exception that a lot of obstacles will require you to drop off the edge and then jump to manuveur below a platforming section, midair jumps of this sort count towards the same charge as a ground jump does, so learning the distinction of when to use one or the other becomes a vital choice. The flutter works as a sort of midair glide with a slight amount of lift, which you'll want to use when you want a greater amount of horizontal (rather than vertical) traverse.While the platforming elements are mainly static, the combat feels somewhat more dynamic and RNG-based, where you have to learn the behaviour and patterns of enemies and react to them rather than use memorization. The boss fights have some RNG too, where which pattern (and subpattern) the boss cycles to is randomized, but the patterns themselves can be dissected and memorized in full, the boss fights are extremely engaging and fun, with a weighty feel of tension to them as you slowly and surely wear them down after having practiced the ordeal religiously.The controls are extremely tight, midair control has a nice sweave to it, the flutter works as a counterstop, falling speed is light and feather-like, though the resource management part of the controls may feel unintuitive at first.Stylistic ChoicesThe game has a very pleasant and vibrant aesthetic with sleek-lined and fluid spritework, the music has delightful chiptunes and groovy waltz, sometimes with a bit of an apocalyptic intermix, the sound work is meaty and gritty to accomodate the demonic side to the story and the dialogue is witty and charming.ConclusionWings of Vi is a well-realized platformer, with tight controls, difficult but imaginative platforming and a pleasing style, it's a grand adventure through a variety of themes, a little quirky and self-ironic and shouldn't be missed by any platforming fan looking for a challenge, highly recommended."
76561198004776219,Recommended,318530,13227879,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Denferok,"After 20 hours of playtime I finally beat the game on mortal mode and I've gotta say, it's easily one of my favorite platformers to this day.Difficult platforming and awesome bosses, just the way I like it.If you're looking for an even bigger challenge there's also demon mode for your masochistic needs. I'll definitely be doing a second playthrough on demon mode aswell as speedrun the entirety of it on mortal mode.There's about twenty and a half billion secrets in the game for character customisation. You can make your angel look like a demon, cat, bunny etc.Can't stop playing this great game, and for such a low price? Why would you not buy it."
,Recommended,318530,13819775,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CircumSamurai,"This game took me by surprise.I read how hard it was, but I thought it couldn't be any worse than games like Dark Souls or Super Meat Boy......But boy was I wrong.The level of difficulty in this game is absolutely absurd, but I kinda love it.I was pleasantly surprised to see that the platforming is actually pretty unique, and refreshing. (At least to me)You basically have one or two jumps stored up, and every time you land on solid ground, those jumps come back.This means you can jump in midair, and do many unusual maneuvers.The combat isn't too great against normal enemies, but it shines on the boss battles, as you must dodge, figure out their patterns, and predict them accordingly, while attacking.Their is a lot of progression in this game. It feels great to unlock a new ability, or even just a cosmetic item.I found it very pleasant that you can customize your character, Vi, with a myriad of options that you find in hidden areas.It's a fun little distraction and adds a bit of re-playability and exploration to the gameThe difficulty is the main thing that I would feel set most people off. Even though there is a ""easy"" mode, you will still be grinding the same sections and rooms and bosses over and over again just to progress forward. The mix of platforming and conbat work well, but even someone who considers themselves seasoned in old platform games will be taken off guard by this game. There are many gauntlets or boss battles you will see where the only thing you will be able to think is, ""I'm supposed to do this? This is a joke right?!"" But you will still have to accomplish the challenge by means of trial and error. If you are one to give up easily, or don't have much time to spend on games, you may not make it very far in this game.Overall, this game has wonderful sprite work and animation, good combat, decent story, great platforming, and insane difficulty, (Even on easy!)I still love this game. (Even though it'll probably give me a heart attack!)"
,Recommended,318530,13208209,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wvrldsmoji,"WARNING: This game is REALLY hard, even on the easiest mode. You will die. You will die over and over and over and over again. If you rage, I strongly recommend you do not play this game.That being said, this game is amazing. The controls are tight, the game is well made (not including the problems at launch, which many many games have), and most of all, it is a ton of fun. The tech in this game is really solid. Sliding, jumping, ranged attacks, melee attacks, double jump, flutter, and much more. Honestly, this game not only does an amazing job with the tech introduced throughout the game, but it also is really good at giving ""easy"" obstacles to practice the new tech, and ramping up from there. I felt like every part I played in the game was possible. Nothing felt stupidly difficult, jsut really REALLY hard. There were a couple parts I was getting really salty on, but I managed to overcome them. I'm near the end of the game now, and even though I have lost to the same boss probably an upward 300 times, I am still enjoying myself each fight.And on top of all that? Completely unnecessary content in the form of character customization. This game has so much great platforming and numerous fun bosses, it feels like customization is something the game didn't even need, but it is very appreciatted. Sure, it probably isn't difficult to make these simple customizations (the cosmetic ones, of course), it still was something the game didn't even need to be amazing, it just makes the game that more amazing, and adds a lot of replayability in the form of returning to levels and collecting missed items and secrets.I give this game a 10/10. As an avid Boshy fan, I can say this game is even better then Boshy. Keep it up Solgryn, I'll continue to follow you through all your game development.TL;DR: If you don't rage, like difficult platforming/bosses, and like being a super kawaii angel, GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,318530,13585945,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,damag0r,"This game is very difficult. I'm surprised how difficult actually. I expected a challenge, but not quite this much of one! - Don't take this as a complaint though.However, because the controls are quite tight, certainly much better than say the controls in Bunny Must Die, that it ends up being less frustrating despite actually being more difficult.  Not perfect, but very good.I only compare it to Bunny Must Die because in a way it's quite similar just without the Metroidvania.This game is basically split into ""sections"" that you have to tackle and you don't really do much real backtracking in it.Actually... that's my only complaint about this game. It seems almost 100% linear so far... more like Castlevana 1 than 2 for example. I think I would enjoy it a little bit more if it was more metroidvaniaish, or had alternate paths.Regardless, I certainly recommend this game to anyone who likes:a) Very difficult platoformers with pretty damn tight controlsb) Very difficult boss fights.That is all, hope this review has been helpful to someone."
,Recommended,318530,17446929,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,kmyc89,"I'll try to introduce basic information and to be honestThe technical part1. A characteristic feature of this platformer is thefly-jump:In every known you platformer (with real physics)you jumping from the edge of a platform to go on another one.Here, you have to fall andin a good momentto ""jump"".2. Through the Innovations could come up with a mass of puzzles.Withtrials and errorsyou will have to stand up to the challenge,with various enemies (of course).3. Difficulty:The game is primarily so made that aggression and frustration are daily-It starts with the choice of difficulty level:*""Angel Mode"" isnota term for ""easy""- Isthe easiestmode butif you think you complete the game faster...*""Mortal Mode""- the defaulttrapchoose.*""Demon Mode""- for (half-) gods recommended.4.No freezepause- youmustreach the next Checkpoint .The audiovisual part1. I do not think that the game has gained attention,if the main protagonist would be a boy or chicken.Therefore, we have anhotchickangel.You can costumizeViwith items you found or unlock- example with abikini.2. Amazing aspect of the game are very unique Bosses.3. Any area and any Boss-area have a incredible soundtrack.4. WoV is a side-scrolling game but because is ""evil""-not all transitions are smooth- mostly are switching to fight areas.Miscellaneous1. The developer updates thisMasterpiece:*by embellishing the environment and other visuals;*changing properties from bossesalso into harder;*fixing bugs- unluckily, many bugs still not repaired; new come; they increase yourdeaths-counter.2. On Steam- is currently a handfull of people trying to help you .3. Contact with the Developer-Solgryn- is like with this game-hard.The final conversation1. If you are a casual gamer- avoid it better.2. 15 Euro for a Danish RNG-platformer sounds much- try the Demo version. Highly recommended.3. If you beat it and start crying- you will really understand what it issatisfaction."
,Recommended,318530,13276384,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Aerie,"Wings of Vi is a fantastic precision platformer with great music, solid controls, and challenging bosses.The gameplay is what you expect it to be. It's a hard game with tight platforming. You will die, but every time you die, you get one step closer to the next checkpoint, and getting to the next checkpoint after a couple attempts is a great feeling. Being a precision platformer, it's not for everyone. You're going to need patience, and a lot of it. Previous experience in precise games is recommended, though not required.The game throws new mechanics at you in a nice, relaxing pace, unlike how it makes you learn these new mechanics. Once you get a new mechanic, you're thrown right into a much more challenging platforming experience, requiring you to step your game up. The learning curve might be steep some places, but mastering it after a while gives you a sense of satisfaction.For someone new to the whole ""hard games scene"", this is a great start. Even if it's one of the - if notthehardest game I've ever had the pleasure to play, it's a great experience. If you like challenging games, if you just want to try out something hard instead of one of the ""hold right and press X once in a while to win"" games, I'd go for Wings of Vi."
,Recommended,318530,14428563,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Clippy,"Any game that keeps me going after 4,000 deaths must be doing something right."
76561198067350187,Not Recommended,318530,14353910,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Frost_Ermine,"Do not pick up this game unless you really, really like extremely challenging platforming.  Yes, this game has cool bosses, combat with regular enemies, and some mild exploration, but 90% of your time with the title will be spent dying over and over to tricky precision-demanding jumping segments.To post a review I had to either pick 'Recommended' or 'Not Recommended'.  I ultimately chose the latter, but not because I think Wings of Vi is a horrible game.  It's pretty well designed for what it is, and there's a niche that will love it.  I just don't think it's something that will appeal to most gamers, even ones who think on paper that they want a challenge. I'm not averse to difficult games, but I found Wings of Vi too much for me even on the easiest mode.   Maybe if I had played and loved extra-extra-hard games like I Wanna Be The Guy I'd feel differently.As of writing this review I'm about halfway through it.  I'm certain I could beat it if I kept at it, but I don't know if I will.  I don't think I'm having enough fun.  It's more like a grind, and like I'm trying to force myself to like it more than I do.  When I beat a difficult part rather than feeling happy and accomplished I more often found myself thinking ""Ugh, what will I have to do next?""  Once I decided I wasn't sure if I was going to continue or not I watched footage of the rest of the game to satisfy my curiosity about what I might miss.  I learned the second half is more of the same, for better and for worse, and that the parts I've played are enough to let me draw some opinions on the game.PLATFORMINGThe game's levels are mainly a series of short, tough platforming challenges divded up by liberal checkpoints.  The areas are technically continuous, but since you'll usually have to retry each jumping bit several times before you pass it, they feel very segmented.For most of the game your core platforming toolbox will consist of a Double Jump and a Flutter/Hover Jump, which you can do in any order before hitting the ground (e.g., Flutter, Jump, Jump; Jump, Flutter, Jump).  Later in the game you get some other movement abilities, but they're context specific.    Each platforming segment feels like a mini puzzle since you'll have to figure out the right order of actions to get through the obstacles (""Oh, so I've got to fall down, Flutter between the first set of spikes, then Double Jump through the other ones"").  The game gets a lot of mileage out of that central set of moves and is able to keep throwing fresh and varied challenges at you.A big reason I didn't find the platforming as fun as I could have is that doesn't give you a lot of 'breathing room' or 'joy of movement'.  In a game like Super Meat Boy the levels have a clear path through them, but usually you have enough open space that there can be some flexibility and variation in how you jump and run past the obstacles.  Wings of Vi often has you leaping through narrow spike-filled corridors  that aren't much wider than your character, or over pits that you barely have enough ability to clear.  If you don't execute your two jumps and a flutter exactly how the game wants you to then you'll die as you graze your head or toe on some spikes or fall into the abyss.  Speedrunning is less about finding the ideal, skillful way through a level then just being able to pull off the one right solution on your first try.The jumping controls are tight and responsive, but your character still moves in a fairly clunky way.  Super Meat Boy is fun to control for his own sake.  He can go fast, jump really far, alter his direction in mid air, and jump off or slide up walls.  Once you master the controls you can zoom through the levels and feel like a badass.  Vi runs slowly and all she can do are the already-mentioned standard short jumps and a hover.The platforming challenge is fair for the most part.  It's tough, but if you die it's usually your fault.  There are a few semi-cheap bits where you'll have to jump blind between screens, or get hurt upon entering a new room, but they're easy enough to handle.  A few obstacles have overly large hitboxes.  Some platforming bits require you to dodge enemy projectiles, but the timing of the shots isn't always consistent between retries.COMBATYour character has a melee weapon that soon gains the ability to fire projectiles when your enemies are farther away.  There are several hidden weapons you can find, but they're just slight variations on your starting one.Combat against the game's bosses is excellent.  They're all really well-designed and just challenging enough.  They're the highlight of the game for me, and I often found myself seeing the platforming as something I had to put up with in between the bosses.Combat against regular enemies doesn't feel as well designed.  For one, it feels pretty inconsequential.  Often you'll be fine with playing sloppily and taking some hits on them because another checkpoint is never far away, and who cares if you have a little less health when you're probably going to die soon on a platforming bit anyway?  Many enemies just quickly fly straight at you and can't be hitstunned, and you'll find yourself mashing the attack button to kill them when they get in range, taking a hit in the process.  Your weapon has flashy effects which often keep you from seeing what's going on.  They especially hinder you from spotting small proectiles.EXPLORATIONWings of Vi isn't a Metroidvania title, though I've read it being referred as one once or twice.  Progression through the game is linear, with one spot where you can choose which order to do two levels in, and a few places where you can pick in what order you want to tackle the small branches of an area.  There are lots of, mostly cosmetic, secret items to collect, but they're all found just off the main path.  There's an item that lets you re-visit previous areas, but when you do so you can only use the moves you had at the time.   There are only one or two spots in the game where you can mildly re-explore an old area once you've found a new movement power up.GRAPHICS AND VISUAL DESIGNI like the game's graphics.  They've got a simple, clean SNES quality to them.  I really like the visual design of the enemies and bosses.  The good guys all have an anime big-boobed angel thing going on.  That's not my style personally, but your mileage on that will vary.  I did find the ability to dress up your character to be a fun distraction.MUSICSome of the tracks are really good and catchy, some are a bit forgettable.  No complaints.  The boss tracks do a good job of speeding up as the battle progresses to increase the tension.STORYBarebones, but it gets the job done and is fine for a platformer.PERFORMANCEI heard this game had a ton of bugs soon after it launched.  I bought it a few months after that and didn't run into any gamebreaking issues.  I was still affected by a bug that prevented me from playing in fullscreen mode though.  Not a huge deal.  I'm sure that will be fixed in time."
,Recommended,318530,13925087,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Seyren,"Wings of Vi, Where do I start with this one? This game certainly was an adventure!First I have to say the most important thing is that 95%+ of the population has not beat this game as of a couple months of this game being released. The game is extremely difficult even on Angel Mode (Easy) for a majority of players, and Mortal Mode (Regular) is much more difficult. Take into account this game was made by the person who made 'I wanna be the Boshy' which is known as one of the most notoriously difficult games to date.With that said, this game is absolutely stunning.* The Controls are great, they are very responsive with both a keyboard and controller.* The Music is fantastic, I ended up buying the Album and I rarely buy music, Ashton Morris definitely put his heart and soul into his tracks.* The games length is quite long, and with the difficulty it will give you many of hours of fun (and agony). Every boss is very unique and most of them are very difficult so expect to die a lot until you get their attack patterns memorized.* There are quite a lot of secrets in the game which all give you garments your character can wear, also defeating bosses and getting achievements earn you them too. There are also several hidden weapons to find in the game, though are not needed to complete it.* The story is decent, nothing extremely special but I didnt jump into this game expecting a deep story but it gets the job done. Pretty much 'kill the bad guy save the world' kind of deal.Here are my bad experiences with the game.* There are a few parts in the game that will legitimately make you angry and want to quit unless you stay persistant and learn to perfect an obstacle until you get past it. There are a few parts that require perfect timing and execution so you will die hundreds of times on some parts of the game.* Also, the last boss is one of the most frustrating experiences I have had in a game in a very long time. Every other boss you progress further as you learn their move sets and for the most part are very enjoyable, but not the final boss. You will bash your face on it for a long time, nearly everyone I have spoken too will agree that it is not a very enjoyable encounter at all; to which many have quit and not finish the game.I seriously recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an extremely challenging platformer. If you do pick up Wings of Vi I truely hope you enjoy this game as much as I did!Cheers!"
,Recommended,318530,18651468,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Vertigo,"Extremely hard platformer from Solgryn, creator of “I wanna be the Boshy”.Great graphics and sound, challenging levels and bosses. Like, really challenging.Gamepad strongly recommended.Buy this game if you hate your life. 10/10"
,Recommended,318530,15260782,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lazarus 💀,"""Hey, I beat super meat boy and handled it pretty well, this shoudln't be that hard!""Boy was I wrong."
,Recommended,318530,13722963,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,KingBrad,I Wanna Be The Megaman: Cave Storyvania
,Recommended,318530,16350638,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Plexi,"This. Is. A. F*cking. Hard. Platformer. But it doesn't have cheap deaths!I'm playing on the Angel difficulty (easiest difficulty) and even so I'm raging so hard and even had to retry certain parts of the level well more than 50+ times, and I think I've only reached a quarter of the game! My friend who was watching me play at the time commented ""I would never play this game, ever.""You play as the angel, Vi, and after screwing up and accidentally set a powerful demon free, it unleashes hell onto heaven and everywhere and you must fix everything back to normal.As you progress you will unlock more and more actions that you can perform (double jump, hover, new attacks, etc.), and the game will test you to the very limit with your new actions. The more actions you unlock, the harder the game is. Some jumps looked IMPOSSIBLE but you have to be really precise with your jumps, hover and attacks, use your head and you will make the jump.The controls are tight, responsive and precise, you really feel like you're controlling Vi's exact movements and that is a huge plus since the platforming difficulty in this game is unforgiving. If you fail, it is purely your fault. So keep practicing!The game also rewards you for exploring! You'll unlock vanity items that you can use to customize Vi's appearance like hats, wings, tails, pets, outfits and such. They have no boost or benefit to Vi whatsoever, they're just vanity items. A really nice touch tho!For people that loves HARD platforming challenges and 2D pixelated goodness, this game is for you! Me personally, I really like it.[RECOMMENDED | WORTH TRYING (Demo available on their website)]"
,Recommended,318530,19425263,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lickagoat,Hardest dress up game I ever played.
,Recommended,318530,13174937,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Axwaryuu,"ATTENTION: If you rage so easily do not buy this game.Nice 2D platformer, the controls are really tight (This game is not impossible so if you die its your fault) the game is way too hard you might die and die and die die die~You can unlock customizations for your character a really nice point in my opinion~ <3If you like challenging and platform games this is a good game for you."
,Recommended,318530,13312117,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,sp1nz,"Disclaimer: I beat the game on Mortal difficulty - it took 5000+ deaths and 30+ hours by in-game tracking and that's not counting couple uses of back-up saves, due to issues which should be ironed out by now but backing saves is definitely recommended for this game even if the game seems stable.The ReviewThe game is a real treat forchallenge seeking platformer fans. A few cheap shots and brainteasers are present, and you do have to die a lot to get better at many areas but in my opinion the action is very rewarding, well varied and accompanied by pleasing aesthetic and sound. The controls feel excellent but the protagonist's large hitbox might take some time to get used to.Boss fights are very fun and offer a good balance of offense and dodging to be beat but some of them might make you experience fits of rage after hundred(s) of deaths; you probably still appreciate their design and the feeling of accomplishment you had after finally taking them out. Normal enemies do serve a purpose too and you usually have to learn how to fight each enemy type to progress.The game gives you new major / minor abilities as the game progresses, so if you are dissatisfied with the original single jump you might want to keep going a bit further before judging the game for lacking movement options. The abilities are fun and you will have to get increasingly better at using them as the game progresses.The fact that you have a health bar is also a nice thing as you are afforded to make some mistakes without taking the fun out of the game for a less elite player. It's still unlikely that you can easily breeze through the game even on Angel mode if challenge is not your usual cup of tea.The story is run of the mill wishy washy stuff to work as a basis for the action and to give the heroine a motive - not that story is of great importance in a game like this but it does its job. Secrets are pretty fun as they provide minor exploration possibilities and you get to play dress up. The game (sans secrets) is pretty much linear but couple deviations do occur and maybe a place or two where you might wonder where to go next.The price point is fair, if you are part of the supposed audience - people thinking they were getting a relaxed platformer might feel robbed though. The supposed audience will have their money's worth and then some because the game provides multiple difficulties and even modifiers that make the game even harder (if you so choose), so you can assume that only handful people in existence might beat the game with the hardest configuration possible. The amount of content in the game is more than sufficient and the challenge only elongates it.Don't expect the game to be coding perfection however; some bugs and glitches are more than possible and backing up saves is highly encouraged. The developers seem to be quite quick to act on reported issues though and may even fix saves if something goes horribly wrong, so that's another plus.In closing: It's refreshing to play a game that doesn't guarantee your victory - you have to earn it."
,Not Recommended,318530,13905655,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Justin_Brett,"So one of the selling points for this game is that it rewards skill and doesn't punish the player arbitrarily. Another is that its made by the creator of an I Wanna be the Guy-style game. You might wonder if this might contradict the first, and unfortunately it sort of does.I haven't played I Wanna be the Boshy, but in this game at least the developer has done away with the gotcha moments of I Wanna be the Guy; what you see in the platforming segments is mostly what you get. Bosses do get extra moves later on in their fights, but that's reasonable, although there is a problem with it I'll get to in a bit.But those of you who have played I Wanna be the Guy and other games like it know those moments aren't the only ways in which it was difficult. You often had to make precision jumps between spikes or other hazards which you wouldn't get the first or even fifth time, and sometimes under a time limit from another hazard. In that game this was helped by the Kid being a very small target.Vi, meanwhile, is fairly large for a platforming protagonist compared to say, Meat Boy, and her hit box is quite big as a result. She's also feels clumsy to control in parts, with enemies often hitting you because there's no reliable method of avoiding them besides mashing attack to kill them before they damage you.The game's certainly difficult, but the difficulty and skill it requires is mostly about figuring out what the developer expects you to do here. Generally each section only has one way of completing it, and you have to figure out what combination of Vi's abilities (as of this review, I have a double jump, a glide move, and a slide) will let you do that. I wouldn't mind ordinarily, but this game is stated to be inspired by Mega Man, Castlevania, and Cave Story, all of which allow the player a lot of experimentation and freedom for problem solving.I found the first two areas generally simple enough, but in the Grotto area the difficulty spikes massively, with a few areas nearly requiring pixel perfect movements to get past instant kill traps (of which the game has many), which often just barely clip you due to Vi's size. I'm on Mortal mode, and it doesn't really feel like 'Normal' difficulty, especially so early in the game. The easy mode isn't much help there either, since getting hit by a hazard in that will still send you back to the last checkpoint, just with some damage.I do like a lot of aspects to the game - customizing your character with stuff you get from achievements is a neat idea, and the game really shines during its boss battles, which are pretty well-designed so far. But I don't think it expects skill of its players in a reasonable manner. If you want a platformer with a female hero that does that, give They Bleed Pixels a try. But bottom line, if you don't like these kinds of games where your death count is guaranteed to go above a hundred, I'd probably give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,318530,15008352,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Rawrzaur,"To start I do recommend this game to people who enjoy trial and error there is a lot to punish the player and little to help. The jump mechanic used in this game will you put you in danger for almost every intricate jump you need to do. Boss fights are trial and error as well as RNG you'll feel as though you're making no progress and I feel that none of these bosses could be beaten within your first 10 tries excluding the first. The difficulty curve is at a 90 degree angle and though I love hard games I absolutely hated almost every level and boss in this game. The music feels out of place in a lot of the areas, and is very forgettable there's only one track I can remember off the top of my head. The art is actually pretty unique and beautiful. The controls are ridiculous, because later on you will get new abilities one of which is a projectile which is mapped to the same key as your melee you need to be close to an enemy to use your melee but the distance is messed up in situations and you'll end up pulling out melee and attacking obstacles rather than enemies. Usually even with these types of games you feel some kind of rewarding feeling in beating a new boss or gauntlet for the next save. In my experience I felt no reward whatsoever. It also feels like the game wasn't tested properly as if bosses, enemies, obstacles, segments were just tweaked to make it worse on the player. The game is still constantly updated and it's mostly to make things even more unforgivingly difficult. Finally the Final Boss....I got it down to 1 HP after 22 hours of attempts it throws so many ridiculous brutal  unrelentless mechanics at you that to learn to even start fighting the boss you probably need about 5 hours of attempts or more. I can safely say I will no longer be buying games from this company as there are too many bugs, too many issues, every thing feels rushed and untested, and I was very disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,318530,16761884,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,♠,"Mercilessly Hard - and that's a good thingLemme just preface this with two facts:This game has a button to respawn. This is a red flag already.This game was made by Grynsoft, the same guy who madeI Wanna Be the Boshy, a ridiculously difficult mod for the hardest game of all times,I Wanna Be the Guy.I hope you already know where I'm going with this. This isn't any platformer.This is, most likely, one of the top five hardest platformers ever made.And that's why it's so good.Wings of Viis a refreshing change, amongst a sea of mind-numbingly EASY games. And its the good kind of hard game - the kind that doesn't cheat. The rules are there, very clearly for the player. No save-zones that were traps all along, no pay-to-win DLC to beat a tough boss. Its you, the deathtrap-filled stage, and a massive boss at the end that will eat days of your time. But hour after hour of persistence, progress comes. Slowly, you git gud. And finally, the massive boss is defeated, and the hours of frustration reward you with happiness and pride. You won because you are skilled, and you are skilled because you are persistent. It feelsgood, and its a feeling I haven't felt in a long time with games.Challenging Platformer Isn't All of It, HoweverThe story is simple, but enough to keep you going. You are Vi, an angel, on a journey to fix a mistake you made that put the world at severe risk. Along the way, you'll defeat all sorts of bizarre, twisted demons and monstrosities, and meet other characters, which you can talk to and learn about the lore.In addition to the platforming and story, there is also the exploration -Wings of Viputs just a foot over theMetroidvaniagenre, rewarding the player that goes beyond the beaten path with secret chests. These chests contain unlockable cosmetic items for your character, that can be customized at any time.So, the result is two parallel challenges at the same time: To finish the tremendously difficult campaign, and to get 100% exploration and acquire all the customization pieces. The collection of unlockable pieces is quite big, and after some time it begins feeling like a dress-up game - on top of the platforming and exploration.I am very impressed withWings of Vi, being one of my best purchases in the last Summer Sale, and I must say that I recommend it. Its an obscure indie game, and its tough as nails, but I feel its definitely worth it."
76561198071421958,Recommended,318530,19775338,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Best modern platformer I've ever played, freaking 2 hour prologue!Insane skill based difficulty! Now i say this for a lot of games, but I spent 2 hours on the prologue's 2nd boss! Jeez!SKILL BASED, NO RNG. (With a tiny bit of trial and error)It's artstyle is original, and the soundtrack is refreshing with something new, gameplay is top notch and so is platforming.The platforming is so difficult it is like a puzzle."
,Recommended,318530,18268263,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ChrisJD10,"Great platforming with well designed challenging bosses. If you want something tough to beat, this is your game."
76561198044061973,Recommended,318530,13263013,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Shark,"This game has left enough of a mark on me so far I feel like I have to leave a review.Warning, don't buy this unless you're prepared to play a really hard game. Easy mode only blunts the steep curve of the difficulty cliff. That being said, it's well designed difficulty, that doesn't feel artificial or cheapshotty. Just git gudPros:-Pixel Art Style!-Good Music!-Tight Controls-Fun, varied, bosses-Character customization-Fair difficulty-Comparing global steam achievement stats to yours is good for self-esteemCons:-Buggy on release. Most glitches have been patched out by the time of this review.-You will never actually complete this game.-Can be quite frustrating, difficulty is a turn off to some-Those sections with stone throwers-No hotkeys for switching weapons quicklyOverall:I find myself enthusiastically recommending this game to strangers but I would not actually recommend it to my friends because they would probably kill me."
,Recommended,318530,13195211,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,xs2007,Very nice and hard challenging plattformer from the short part I've seen so far.+ Nice artstyle+ Tons of customization for Vi+ Hard- no real 1080p/Fullscreen Resolution (looks upscaled to me)Warning: Do not play if you are frustrated easily! You will die alot. Otherwise I'd warmly recommend this game. Go and check it out. :)
76561198109029077,Recommended,318530,17362491,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fluid-X,"Amazing game for old-style platformer lovers who enjoy a challenge, one of my best Steam purchases. This game is definitely not for quitters, it offers a very good challenge (i.e. you will die often, but restarting is fast and save points are frequent). Graphics are good, controls are excellent, replay value is absolutely outstanding thanks to the various difficulty levels and modifiers (and leaderboard). Became totally obsessed with this game, simply love it!!"
,Recommended,318530,27168693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Morgan of Seren,"Wings of Vi is, without overexaggerating, an insanely hard game, especially when played with a keyboard instead of a controller. It pushes the player's synchronisation, perception and ability to dodge to the limit and is bound to make the player feel as uncomfortable as possible when doing so. I highly recommend this game for someone who is in for a real challenge and has the patience of a saint. One thing is for sure however, fully completing this game is definetely going to take hours of gameplay, especially if the player wants to complete it in Demon (hard) mode as well. Other than that, the graphics and scenery are well designed and the music is really catchy. It is a deceivingly cute and lovable game, which hides a mean and merciless gameplay."
76561198152711436,Recommended,318530,31303968,Posted: 22 April,all,DREWTLE,"This game will stomp on your crotch harder than something that stomps on your crotch really hard. People say it's harder than dark souls. I wouldn't know. I've never played dark souls. But I have played this game.I've died more times than I can count and have said ""F this"" to minecarts, an elevator, spikes coming dow from the ceiling, a plant, and much much much more.Spose' I should mention the boobs. People like to mention the boobs. I don't care. I really don't. I bought this game because it looked like a rage inducing fun thing. I was right.I'll say that the art is amazing. Everything pops with color. Even Hell looks great.The plots nice. good characters. Fun bosses. I wanted to keep going because I wanted to see what was next.There's a full dress up thing going on. You can unlock scarfs and so many cool things. But you have to work for it.DIdn't kill that boss flawlessly? No outfit for you! Didn't make that near impossible jump? No cool wings for you! Didn't leap off screen because why would you jump into the abyss? No Bikini for you!!!I'm going to talk about the main character. Vi. She has a thing for puns and references. She is a nerd. She is the bae."
,Recommended,318530,14837236,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Thanadrax💜,"One of the best games ever.Lovely, cute game with freaking sharp, big teeth.Enjoyed every death alot."
,Recommended,318530,28741950,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hunky Peanut Butter,"Great game for a masochistic gamer.Wings of Vi is not difficult in the same way as many other hard games, so be advised that you will die many, many times, especially in your first playthrough, and doubly so if you're a total noob like me. For perspective, I am at about 2,800 at 31% completion (yes, yes, I'm really bad).My advice is this: don't give up and keep pressing on. Learn from your mistakes and correct them. This game requires as much skill as it does memorization, and the immense feeling of satisfaction upon beating a boss (or occasionally that small portion of an area) makes everything worth it in the end.In addition to the skill-based difficulty, the story is interesting and the characters are likeable. There are collectible aesthetic customizations which make your version of Vi come to life. The girls are cute but (at least in my opinion) not sexualized to the point of distracting me from gameplay.Overall, this Wings of Vi is a perfect 10/10 to me, and I have recommended this to many friends. I truly don't think I could be happier with a game."
,Recommended,318530,13182882,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"Probably my favorite Jump 'n Run on steam. As the game progresses Vi gains more and more abilities that you have to master and combine to progress further into the game. Then she learns new abilities and the game becomes more complex.The platforming is really challenging but since the controls are so tight, it's almost always the players fault when Vi dies. And she dies often. Extremely often. Specially in Boss battles. Those are all about pattern memorization, good RNG and muscle memory. All the good stuff.The only complaint I am having is that the game sometimes starts lagging for 30 seconds or so in fullscreen mode. But that's probably an MMF2 issue and can't be fixed completely.I can fully recommend Wings of Vi to people who can chill and relax to challenging gameplay. ;)Update 18.12.2014: No framedrops in the past 15 hours of playing. For me, these aren't an issue anymore and I've got absolutely nothing to complain about anymore."
,Recommended,318530,19949327,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,If you're gonna play one hard platformer with big boobie angels make it this one.
76561198046816686,Not Recommended,318530,22904336,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Blue Candle,"My new and revised review.I have now beat half of the game on normal and I can say it just feels very lazy. Much of the hit detection is very noticabley off and seeing how this game forces you to be pixel perfect most of the time that is a major flaw. Being pixel perfect isn't good game design, its the lazy way to make your game diffacult.Thier are still some bugs in the game that needs some fixing but nothing major though that needs to be done. The creator of this seems to be done with this game now.As I said you have to be pixel perfect and with that comes a lot of trial and error. I managed to beat many diffacult games like the first ninja gaiden for NES, many of the touhou series and still had fun with it. I only beat half of this game and hating every bit shows thats something is wrong with this game.Lazy game design all around. If you want it just for the cute angel girl you can find better games with cute characters. If you want to boost your ego by beating a game thats only diffaculty is poor game design then this is it."
,Recommended,318530,13956795,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Fonz,"This isn't your grandmas anime dress up game. If you want pretty costumes and accessories you've got to work for it.Got a cool demon tail from that one boss? Cool, now do that fight perfectly if you want the good accessory. Secret platforming puzzles too hard? No scarf for you."
76561198049422597,Recommended,318530,28198864,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,someone_unkown,"I honeslty feel I have stolkholm syndrome towards this game. I'm 80% done and nearing the end. I've restarted this game a few times whenever I took a long break so I wouldn't feel my skills fading and when my file corrupted, that felt crushing. However, I went back to it and I made more progress and beyond from that point and i've taken steps to prevent that from happening again. However, knowing that i'm nearing the end.... I feel a bit sad. Not at the game, but that i'm finally going to beat it and never touch this gem of a game afterwards. I've had this game in my library since around the day it came out and it's been on hell of a ride with it. If you like masochistic games, then this is the one. The platforming is very difficult, but if that's what you like, this game is for you. The music is quite soothing, the voice acting is good where it is, and the mechanics are fun. The animations are very good and the secrets you unlock while not so helpful, are cute. I think this is a fine game and even casual gamers should give a go at this game."
,Recommended,318530,15179509,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dash Retro,"Watch my VIDEO REVIEW here!https://youtu.be/DMhcURH5rDoAfter watching the PAX Prime coverage of The Binding of Isaac Rebirth six months ago, I only recently was compelled to check out the host's Twitch stream, MANvsGAME.  I tuned in to him on his 1500th-or-so attempt to defeat ""Supreme Jeh'Oul"" in some game I had never heard of called Wings of Vi.  What I saw floored me.  The perfect pixel art and smooth animation with video-game♥♥♥♥♥presentation, the fast-paced action of a true boss battle, the kickass sound design matching the sound effects to the boss theme... I was blown away.  ""What game IS this?"" I said, ""I see the name, but WHAT IS THIS GAME?""  I could only watch for a few minutes before I had to buy the game on Steam and play it for myself.Turns out, Wings of Vi was created by a fellow by the name of Solgryn.  He is well known for his insanely difficult parody game, I Wanna Be the Boshy, and appears to be an affable fellow who is very in-touch with the community.  In fact, he was actually tuned into MANvsGAME's stream at the time I was, watching MAN be slaughtered by his creation along with everyone else.  From my little research, Solgryn has created several small games, mostly parody games that garnered attention through insane difficulty paired with legitimately wonderful game design, and Wings of Vi appears to be his first official, original, on-Steam-shelves, pay-money-for-this game♥♥♥♥♥game.So what IS Wings of Vi?  It's a side-scrolling action platformer.  It took me a long time to write that sentence, because I kept trying to add phrases like ""simply put"" or ""basically"" to try to somehow make ""action"" sound more actioney.  But no, that's what it's genre, so allow me to expand upon it.  This is an adventure game with light Metroidvania-type elements in that it's not entirely linear and you can return to old parts of the world at will.  It is a platformer with insanely nuanced controls, and it has tons of action-packed combat mixed with its platforming and kickass boss after kickass boss.BASICALLY...SIMPLY PUT... this is a capital V, capital G, mother ♥♥♥♥ing Video Game.This is a rare case where I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this game.  Every part of it is second to none in quality, so let me hone in on a couple key things that particularly strike my fancy.Graphically, I enjoy pixel art quite a bit, but a lot of artists screw it up by rotating sprites smoothly on a high resolution.  The biggest offender to me is Hotline Miami, but even my beloved Binding of Isaac Rebirth pulls this from time to time.  I also dislike when sprites are stretched, causing pixel size not to be uniform.  Wings of Vi, on the other hand, practices rotating sprites, but keeps the pixel art's resolution intact, so it doesn't look out of place.  This is how pixel art looks best.  All pixels are the same size, and they don't rotate and de-align with the rest.  Nothing looks weirdly out-of-place or pasted on.  THANK YOU, WINGS OF VI!Let's talk about the controls.  I had a very strange experience because of this game.  This game's controls are so tight that after playing it for several hours, Rogue Legacy's controls felt sluggish by comparison.  Mafukin' ROGUE LEGACY, a game whos controls are universally applauded for how tight they are, feels slightly sluggish in comparison to Vi.  That is insane.The soundtrack in this game is incredible.  It is composed by Ashton Morris, and I've been listening to it non-stop during my work hours, over and over again.  There are four or five tracks I can't decide between as my favorite, and not a single one I'm even tempted to ever skip past.  At certain times where this game is most difficult, part of what drives me to press on is my desire just to hear the next song, similar to how I felt about Hotline Miami.The overall presentation of the game I find fantastic as well.  I love the characters, the bright and varied color pallete, each boss having its own theme song... the pacing between platforming, combat, platforming and combat, boss battles, and story elements feels perfect.And to finish off my gush-fest, I gotta talk about where this game stands out most: the boss battles.  This game was clearly designed by someone who loves video games, and it stands out most during these parts.  Each boss is super unique in their look, has distinct attack and counter patterns that make them feel unique, I mentioned they have their own theme songs, they feel like they're part of the world even without having their backgrounds explained to you.  When you enter their arena, they're introduced by name in cool pixelated Gothic text, and a big health bar appears across the bottom.  Also, these aren't fake health bars.  You know those dumb bosses that run through and attack and then stay dizzied or stunned while you hit them down to a pre-designated amount of health?  None of that♥♥♥♥♥♥here, you have to figure out how you're going to dodge these attacks, and then figure out how you're going to deal damage WHILE you do that.  Chip away health points at a time until they're defeated.  This is how bosses are supposed to feel.  Each boss also has its own gimmick that makes them feel suuuper different and awesome, making each boss even more special, but I don't want to spoil any of them.The only part of this game that isn't above and beyond is the story, which is understandable being from a single designer.  What I like about this, though, is that the story isn't trying to be anything more special than it's capable of.  It's not ending on a fade-out-to-gunshot or any dumb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that.  It's a simple set up where we accidentally let the bad guy loose, so let's go get him! It's short and to-the-point and that perfectly serves this type of game.  I also tend to like stories that heavily favor female characters and portray guys as drooling idiots...  I find it charming, and I'm not gonna pretend I don't like playing as extremely attractive female characters.Is that the note we're going to end on?  I guess so!  Let's sum this up!As I mentioned before, there is really absolutely nothing negative to say about this game.  I would recommend this game to almost anyone.  If you enjoy video games, buy this game!!  Many people will be scared off by its notorious difficulty, but there is something to be said about that.  There are many gamers who prefer slower-moving games, or just a different type of game, and I mean no disrespect; Picross kicks♥♥♥♥♥  But this is one of those games that I would recommend even to you.  You might not be able to beat it, but it's so well-designed that you'll still enjoy it.  You'll still appreciate it, and jumping into the deep end may even expand your gaming horizons, making something like Dark Souls seem more managable.This game earns a five out of five with flying colors.  I absolutely recommend it.  It is available on Steam for $15, and there is a demo available for free.  Check it out, you owe it to  yourself.  For being a gamer, you have earned the opportunity to enjoy one of the best experiences any medium of entertainment can offer.I love this game."
76561197967650673,Not Recommended,318530,13736960,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Pascal,"I'm a fan of hard games. Super Meat boy, Rogue Legacy, Dark Souls, and Castlevania 1 and 3 are some of my favorites of all times. I wouldn't say I'm an expert at hard games, because I always spend a lot of time dying, but I can enjoy the challenge enough to pull me through to the end if I feel that the challenge is fair.That said, Wings of Vi was a disappointment for me. I beat the boss of the second world, but after that, there wasn't anything to keeping me motivated to continue playing. It's hard, but there's nothing satisfying about it. The difficulty seems to me like it comes from bad, or downright lazy design rather than an honest challenge.Enemies either drift randomly through walls where the player can't reach and shoot ranged attacks, or hurl themselves straight at the player, often in enclosed spaces where you have little room to maneuver.The range of Vi's attack is just a little bit too short, and obscures what you're aiming at. Without the knock back that most games have, this leads to a lot of accidental bumping into the enemies. The hitboxes in general are awkward. It's difficult to hell how close to something you can get before being hurt, and with such a short attack, that's very important to understand. With all the options for customizing Vi's appearance, I'm surprised ""no wings"" isn't one of them. I know she's an angel, but you can turn the halo off, so why not the wings?Platforming segments are bearable due to their short length, but require annoyingly precise movements. There were several times where I became stuck because I wasn't sure if it was even possible for me to make a particular jump, or if I had missed an upgrade I needed. Also, the background and foreground are often unclear, leading to a lot of confusing of what I can and can't pass through.Bosses are definitely the high-point of the game. I fought three, and though they were each pretty creative, the problems with Vi's attack tarnished what would have otherwise been great fights for me.You won't miss much by skipping this one."
,Recommended,318530,13134413,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Reidzz,"Who those of you who love a challenge and enjoy difficult playformers, this game will be right up your alley. The controls feel tight, the art style is fantastic, hard to find secrets, character customization. What more could you want? Definatly worth the price. Well done, Grynsoft, you've done brilliantly. I'll be waiting for more games from you in the future!"
,Recommended,318530,24089329,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,glue eater,i get off to mental torture
,Recommended,318530,13164399,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lazlatin,"Well to start of i knew what this game would be cause i played I wanne be the Boshy and watched "" Wings of Vi""  from the beginning when it was still in Alpha.I played the game for about 8 hours now and think that i can give a review about it.  Everything now is in my opinion and ur free to coem to a different conclusion.Pros:--> 3 Different Difficulties ( one for the casual gamers, normal and hellmode u will die alot gamers )--> Inccredible tight controlls ( if u die , its ur fault )--> U will die ALOT ( sometimes 1000x in one map or more )--> Achievemets which tell u how pro u are! ( Try beating every boss flawless )--> The anime-like artstyl ( either u like it or dont )--> Collectabels, Secrets, Customisations--> The incredible feeling when u beat a boss flawless ( best feeling )Cons:--> There were some bugs on launchday. ( Patch is already out , was created on the same day )--> U can get frustrated really fast ( trying to beat a boss 200x and dying while he/she/it has 5% life left )For now those are the things i like and dislike and ur opinion my very well differ from mine!So if u want to have an incredible challenge and die over 10.000x times , wanna prove how good u are and of course have fun, then i can only recommend the game to u!"
,Recommended,318530,13821284,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,pews,"This is the game for you if you want some hardcore raging, but also a great sense of accomplishment when you get past obstacles. Also you'll able to play anime dressup with some angel chick. And pixel bewbs."
,Recommended,318530,22486367,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,kddddddd,"I think it is my new favorite game! <3The best spent 15€ in my life so far :PPros:+pleasent pixel graphics+beautiful characters' desing+hilarious OST+awesome and difficult challenge+great mechanics+lots of secrets to find+character's customization+tons of rages -  good rages of course+A little and cute Boshy can follow me ^3^ (""It's Boshy Time!"" all the way)+Rubi's so hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Cons:-I guess this game has no cons actually, really, everyting is so best!-Maybe the price is a bit too high, but it was TOTALLY worth it!I can easily give 10/10, super recommended!"
,Recommended,318530,13916229,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:An interesting theme and platformer game character customization.However, the game is too hard for many of the basic player. The game is still worth trying, and offers little between challenge and playable even if another date. However, a testimonial! :3FIN:Mielenkiintoinen teema ja tasoloikkapeli hahmon kustomoinnilla. Peli on kuitenkin turhan vaikea monelle perus pelaajalle. Peli on silti kokeilemisen arvoinen ja tarjoaa vähän välillä haastetta ja pelattavaa vaikka toiselle päivälle.Suositteluni kuitenkin! :3"
76561198101453313,Not Recommended,318530,15971779,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mreitsma,"While I haven't beaten the game, I'm very close to the end, judging by the wiki and various other articles on the internet.Wings of Vi has been described as a tough-as-nails, pixel perfect precision platformer. That's a pretty good description but there's quite a bit of combat, too. At first, you'll only be able to use a melee attack that has short range, but a wide attack radius. It's pretty easy to use and works well. Eventually you'll acquire a ranged attack as well. It uses the same button as the melee attack. The melee attack will activate automatically if there is an enemy in range, otherwise, you'll fire your ranged attack. At first I was skeptical of how well this would work, but it actually works very well, so I applaud the dev for doing a good job on this. The combat is relatively straightforward, you just need to hit things until they die, and not get hit yourself. Running into enemies hurts you, as usual. Obviously, combat can sometimes get more complicated when you fight bosses, but it never gets over-the-top convoluted. Speaking of the bosses, they're very unique. All of them are very different from each other and fun to fight (usually). Additionally, the intro to the boss is automatically skipped when you re-fight it, so you don't have to watch the same intro over and over again when you die over and over again. Another thing the dev did right is balancing hazards from enemies and the environment. In many games, such as the Mega Man games, the environment will often pose a much more serious threat to the player than enemies. Thankfully, they're balanced in Wings of Vi, so enemies are never a joke.Another thing I liked in Wings of Vi was the amount of secrets to find. If you go out of your way to explore every nook and cranny, you can find treasure chests that contain items that you can use to customize Vi, the angel you play as. Most of the items seemed pretty distasteful to me, such as turning Vi's head into a giant eyeball or giving her a bony tail, but there were a few that seemed nice. The items don't actually change the way Vi controls; they're purely cosmetic alterations.The music is nice as well. I particularly like the Amethyst and Dark Annihilator tracks. All of the tracks are at the very least decent, and the music is a real treat.Unfortunately, that's where the good things end.Pixel perfect is no exaggeration in some parts. Don't get me wrong, I love hard games. I've beaten Spelunky the special, extra hard way at least 7 times, gotten golden god on Super Meat Boy, beaten Super Ghouls n Ghosts... the list goes on. But Wings of Vi, without a doubt, is the hardest game I've ever played; sometimes for the wrong reasons.As said before, there's the pixel-perfect precision. The timing required for some jumps is ridiculous, and you may die hundreds of times just trying to clear one jump. There's only so many times I can smash my face against a brick wall before it stops being fun. Dedication is one thing but actually enjoying this is another.""But you can change the difficulty to an easier mode if you're having a hard time!""This would be a valid argument, except there are still parts that require pixel perfect precision, even on easy mode. Easy mode makes checkpoints more frequent, and makes bosses have less health and attacks,  and adds platforms to some areas that require precise midair navigation. This is very appreciated, but it doesn't alleviate all of the issues, and some parts still require ridiculous precision.This problem is compounded by the fact that the hit detection is wonky. If you're going to make a game that heavily relies on precision, then having wonky hit detection is an absolute no-no. One part requires you to wait until the absolute last moment to execute a jump over a hazard; too late and you'll touch spikes, too early and you'll  collide with an overhang. The thing is, Vi would sometimes be killed even if her sprite did not intersect the spikes' sprite. It would be very clear that she wouldn't be touching the sprites, because Vi freezes when she dies. Several parts requires you to do a mid-air dash past a one-hit-kill hazard. Quite often, Vi would dash past it, only to teleport backwards and have her death animation play over the hazard.  On one occasion I actually fell THROUGH a hazard and off the map. It's completely unacceptable.Another problem with the platforming is that sometimes, the game doesn't respond to button input. This seems to be particularly bad with the action button; a button used for sliding, dashing, and fluttering. Probably about 1 out of 20 times I would try to do something like dash multiple times in a row it would flutter instead, or when I tried to flutter after dashing, it simply wouldn't do anything at all.This is a little bit of a nitpick, but I found it to be annoying. One hazard will cause Vi's death animation to play directly over it; it's a sort of mouth in the ground that eats Vi. The thing is, if it's located at the edge of a platform, and you brush the side of the platform, you'll teleport on top of the mouth thing and die. Obviously this makes no sense, and should be changed.Another thing I didn't like is the art style. Too many indie games adopt a pixel-art style. I don't have a huge problem with it, but I would prefer game developers to just add their art in normally. Better yet, add the option to use filters in the game.Despite the fact that the game is a 2D platformer with a pixel-art style, this game has performance issues. My PC isn't the best, it's just a FX8320 and a 260X, but it's at least decent, and should be more than enough to handle a game like this. But it isn't. The frame rate drops to as low as 15 FPS frequently in later areas. You shouldn't need an elite PC to play an indie game with a pixel-art style. The poor optimization is completely unacceptable. The developer did try to fix the frame rate issues- by breaking one of the big areas into several parts. But it still lags badly. Again, completely unacceptable.I think I've mentioned everything. At it's core, it's not a bad game. It doesn't require any major revamp, it just needs some polish. If the hit detection, button input, and optimization were fixed, I would definitely recommend this game. As it is now, though, I can't recommend it. Until further updates are released, I'd recommend you stay away."
,Recommended,318530,13134165,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sinful Sorcerer,"This is an absolutely lovely game, and by far one of the best platformers I've played here on Steam. I'd even go as far as say it's one of the best platformers of recent times, up there with classics like Super Meat Boy. The reason I bring up Super Meat Boy is that, like that game, this game is also very difficult. As stated in the game's description ""Wings of Vi is a challenging 2D platformer..."", and it means it. Do not pick this game up expecting some walk in the park that you can simply breeze through. It takes quiet a while to get into the game's mechanics, mainly the drop-jumping and floating which you get a little later on. For me it took maybe 2 hours or so of platforming before I got anywhere near decent, and once I thought I had got aquainted with it, the game handed me another powerup and gave me a bunch of new challenges to overcome. It does a good job of showing you what you can and cannot do with said abilities, and does its best to ease you into it which it also does a decent job of. Some rooms may seem impossible at first, but if you experiment with which order you use your abilities in, be it dropping down from a ledge, then floating a bit and finishing it off with a doublejump, or maybe dashing at the start for some extra momentum and instead jumping early for some good height before you begin floating, it's really fun trying your way forward until you find that one combination which seems to work and perfecting it until you complete the task at hand and may continue onward.The game looks gorgeous with beautifully drawn and well animated pixel art, an interesting array of characters and from what I've seen so far a fairly good set of enemies as well. The game also features massive bosses which may feel like yet another huge difficulty spike, and may get you stuck on them for a while, but never in such a way that it feels unfair. You simply need to try again and again until you figure out what to do and how to do it, and when you succeed it feels great!For people who are accustomed to the platformers of today, this might seem like an impossible, cruel and downright idiotic experience. But to those who enjoy the challenge of older platformers, or those who simply are willing to give the game a chance and aren't too afraid of a challenge, I recommend this game whole heartedly. It has got what seems like quiet a lot of content, several difficulty modes, (Yes you can play on an equivalent of Easy, I have not tried it yet so I cannot say if it is still difficult but the option is there at least), Unlockable accessories which you can customize your heroine with; ranging from wings, hats and dresses to tails, glasses and hairstyles. (You can even unlock different companions who follow you around.)The game is, so far at least, straightforward so it's not really a Metroidvania type game, but the upgrades you obtain help you progress in new and cool ways and help keep the game refreshing. Exploring a bit and jumping off where the game doesn't seem to lead you often awards you with a chest filled with collectibles. The devs weren't sure exaclty how long the game could be, which is understandable since it is a very skill focused game, and someone who learns fast and is a master at platforming will beat the game much faster than someone who takes a few tries to get it right (That's me), but somewhere around 20 hours could be expected. So far I am 5 hours in and only 20% complete from the looks of it, so seems pretty much spot on.The game's soundtrack isn't extremely outstanding in my opinion, but it makes every stage feel different and keeps you going despite how frustrating some of the rooms can be at times. A few of the tracks are really nice to listen to by themselves as well, so I do hope the soundtrack makes it way to Steam. I would likely pick it up.If you aren't afraid of a challenge, and feel you could fancy a bit of oldschool platforming, pick this game up! It is definitely worth the price and will likely be worth replaying more than once!"
76561197997068175,Recommended,318530,23762020,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Phantasmagoria,"Here is my short review for newcomers who might be thinking if it's worth to purchase Wings of Vi or not.PROSNice pixel artGood musicPlenty of hidden items/cosmetics.Responsive controlsCONSToo few checkpoints.Repetition through trail and errors.Difficulty can be unforgiving but not impossible.Overall it's a masochists playing field just like (I wanna be the Boshy) Before it.This game is no stranger to nailing your balls on the celling, and it tends to do that alot."
,Recommended,318530,13154992,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jolsson,"A legitimately good and challenging game. For me it's way to hard, but im still coming back for it!"
76561198003812019,Recommended,318530,13219314,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MistahWabbith,"You should always backup your savefiles for now. But i am enjoying the boss fights and the platforming sections all the way. :) Having a really good time, you have to be really patient though! =)"
,Recommended,318530,16348531,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ArchlordPie,"If you consider yourself a hardcore gamer, you're obligated to play this. If you can't beat it on at least Mortal before giving up in frustration, your ""hardcore"" card is officially revoked.Don't let the angel boobs, gorgeous retro graphics, or lighthearted-yet-awesome soundtrack fool you. This is easily the most difficult game I've ever played, and yet it manages to still be fair while being ridiculously hard. I've seen piles of angry rants about how stupidly unfair this game is and how Solgryn needs to die in a fire or something for being a terrible developer... and yet there are plenty of speedrunners out there who can beat it with double-digit deaths or fewer.No, this game isn't ""cheap"" or ""unfair"". You're just BAD. And you're going to stay bad until you bite the bullet and pick up that controller (trust me, you want a controller) and start grinding away at the cursed castle in the sky until you figure out how to navigate all the flying demons and mounted chompers that seem to exist solely to make your gaming life miserable, then manage to execute the precise series of jumps and flutters that will get you from point A to point B without being devoured.The first thing you'll notice is that this isn't one of those games that's nice to people who mess up. Sure, you can take a few hits from the enemies (even fewer on Demon mode), but fall into a chomper pit or black hole or even just jump-flutter instead of flutter-jump and you're instantly dead.(Unless you're playing on Angel mode. You wimp.)You're probably used to games that only kill you if you do something seriously wrong. This isn't one of those games. Even the simplest of platforming errors will get you sent back to the nearest checkpoint, which become scarcer and scarcer the higher you crank the difficulty. Speaking of checkpoints, they do fully heal you, but only if you aren't tagging the same one you just tagged. No ""move forward, kill an enemy, go back to heal, repeat"" nonsense here.If you can survive the dastardly gauntlet of jumps and flutters and flying demons long enough, you'll get to try your hand at one of the several boss battles this game has to offer. Bosses in this game are incredibly well-done. You'll employ the same grinding away until you learn the pattern, then grinding again until you manage to execute the moves you need to execute in order to survive the varied attacks and whittle the bosses' health down... and then you hit the 40% health mark and the boss gets angry and the next attack wrecks you. Back to square one!Some bosses are more focused on this repetitive grinding to defeat, whereas others are more RNG-based. The RNG ones are probably my least favorite, mainly because the sense of progress you get from learning the grindy bosses' patterns and seeing their health bars get lower and lower with each successive attempt isn't there when your progress on a boss is mainly determined by how long it takes for the boss to hit you with an unavoidable attack pattern... even though you'll quickly find that most unavoidable attack patterns stop being unavoidable as soon as you stop being BAD. Only a few truly unavoidable patterns exist in this game, and they're rare enough that if they do screw you over, you'll get another 10 tries or so at least before they happen again. Hopefully you'll beat the boss by then.There isn't much of a story, but then again, this isn't exactly the kind of game you play for the story. It's the kind of story where you'll watch the cutscenes the first time through, go ""oh, cool"", then skip on every playthrough after the first.The graphics are great. If you're a fan of the 16-bit style, you'll love Wings of Vi, and even if you aren't, you'll probably still be able to admit that its graphical presentation is of pretty good quality.The soundtrack is done in the same 16-bit style as the graphics, and is equally impressive. You can buy the whole thing on the developer's website if you want, and IMO it's worth the purchase as far as video game OSTs go.Overall score: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,318530,25137150,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,716green,"I discovered this developer because of my interest in IWBTB at AGDQ. Plain and simple this is an AMAZING game. It is extremely difficult but it is extremely well made. You will die, thousands of times but when you finally beat that boss, the feeling of satisfaction is unparalled. The platforming is very challenging- but fun and (mostly) fair.The SNES style graphics are flawless, I would have spent significantly more on this game (Solgryn is a true artist in many aspects). I actually enjoyed it so much I purchased copies for a number of people who I wanted to spread my love of this game with. I highly advise anybody who  enjoys video games buy and play this. You owe it to yourself as a gamer.I have beat the game twice (so far) and completed the boss rush recently. I will be coming back for more. I've never enjoyed any boss fights in any game ever and I've been a gamer for almost 20 yearsI was watching YouTube reviews for this game and I heard something that I feel explains it perfectly: ""This game was clearly made by someone who loves video games.""Solgryn/Grynsoft is an extremely talented video game developer and very involved with the community and his fans. I'm on the edge of my seat waiting for his next game to be revealed.I played it with the Steam controller and 'Flutter' mapped to the Right Trigger, I'd recommend the same, or use a keyboard. Some people live the Xbox One controller but I think it's a bit wrong for this particular game.Buy this, you (probably) won't regret it."
,Recommended,318530,13864686,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,-AmbY#,"i highly recommend buying this game, WHY ?1- Awesome Story.2- Awesome Gameplay.3- It's A Challenge game.4- Simple Example of Dark Souls. (In Difficulty)NOTE: You Have To Bring a Cup of Tea Everytime You are Going to Play this Game because you will die Thousands of Times.REMAMBER: Everytime you will die, you will get closer to success."
,Recommended,318530,13181127,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,{Ez0}Mash,"I played this game expecting it to be hard. and Well it is indeed hard even on the easiest mode availble, which is funny that you also have the option to make that mode harder by turning on 1 hit kill wounder mode. lolSolgryn and the team from grynsoft did an excellent job with the game over the past years of devlopement!It was nice to have him stop by during the blind cast and answer questions, also we all witnessed hours of work to show how excited I was to play this game. This game is in no way even close to being a boshy like game or even a metrovania style game as its a Sinister game wrapped in a lewd and cute package of death and challenging feats."
,Recommended,318530,13163388,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,♡Woof-Tepka☆.｡₀:*ﾟ,"Great game, it is difficult but fair. The levels are all designed very well and the 2D graphics are charming and pleasing to the eye. The soundtrack will have you mesmerized by how great and catchy it is. If you're not afraid of a challenge then you should get this game, you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you don't. 10/10! Recommend!"
76561198138099036,Not Recommended,318530,22357990,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cionnix,"As of now, I just finished this game on “mortal” (A.K.A  normal difficulty).This game manages to be fun only for the first half of the experience. Afterwards, the number of mechanics and precision jumping in the platforming segments and boss fights becomes very unforgiving.By the time I finished dealing with the final boss and beat the game, I did not have the happy feeling of “Wow, I finally finished Wings of Vi, this is great!” Instead, I just wanted to never see this game again.In short, beating this game gives you the same feeling as finishing having a root canal. You are just glad that it’s over and you don't have any sense of accomplishment.With that being said, while this game promises and delivers a challenging game, I honestly could not recommend this game to anyone, seeing that I was not having ANY fun during the final half of the game."
,Recommended,318530,23427977,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kragor,it's like i wanna be the boshy but with monstergirls
,Recommended,318530,33259057,Posted: 4 July,all,M. Night Shiyamalama-sama-kun,"Breaks wall, finds wall chicken.""At least I have chicken.""   -ViNever change, Vi. Never change.10/10"
76561198073019919,Recommended,318530,20164819,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr Saturn,"Holy Hell.this game is a work of art. The music, the puzzles, the platforming,It is also a work of SATAN. It is a great game, but it is by far the most difficult platformer Metroidvania I have ever had the pleasure of playing.Overall, if you think you're a skilled gamer, get the game! (It will prove you wrong)If you don't like Bullet Hells, bypass this one.I thoroughly reccomend you buy it, however."
,Recommended,318530,13243364,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ManBearChihuahua,"Pros:* Hard gameplay with a lot of secrets, will keep you playing for hours.* Easy to learn controls, new abilities will be unlocked over time, so the game doesn't get boring.* Beautiful graphics, environments that will stun your eye for the duration of the game..* Variated enemies, every level has its own type of enemies, and bosses to look forward to.* Updated regularly, if you find a bug in the game, you can just say this in the discussions and it will almost certanly have been taken care of within 2 days.* Amazing soundtrack, epic music that changes with every level and boss.Cons:* Maybe too hard gameplay for some, expect to get stuck and die thousands of times.* Pretty buggy, the game is newly released, and have a lot of bugs.* A bit unclear, will you die if you fall into that hole? Sometimes you don't know where you should go to progress, this can be problematic when you have just completed an incredibly hard segment.Total: Wings of Vi is a game for those who want a real challenge, this isn't just ""another sidescroller"", this is a creation made from the creative minds of Solgryn and Chaemirix. Might feel a bit expensive, but on the long run it's probably worth it."
76561198013560257,Recommended,318530,13856005,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zayne,Oh wow it is hard. But when you finally beat that part that killed you 100 times it is the best moment in the world. I love this game so much.
76561198160868511,Recommended,318530,25955189,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An extremely good metroidvania/action platformer game that also happens to be extremely challenging,the first time i bought it i ended up rage quitting after a few deaths,but knowing that this game is definitely outstanding albeit difficult i kept it to to my wishlist and now i finally bought it again and although it's still extremely difficult, the excellent graphics and flawless controls make up for the game's difficulty."
76561198040488723,Recommended,318530,26472718,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"The game is pretty, controls are good, angels are cute and there are ways to have the game more or less difficult with settings. I have a blast with it and I totally can't wait the future game by Solgryn !"
76561198199118782,Recommended,318530,33035850,Posted: 30 June,all,Tropic,Very challenging game but very fun. Yes it has it has some glitches here and there but apart from that I really enjoyed my time playing this game. If you like difficult platformers this game is defenitly for you.
76561198028261812,Recommended,318530,33360548,Posted: 7 July,all,viktorhallo,"even tho this game is great, its not for your average gamer.even the easiest difficulty is harder than the soul franchise by far.me myself started at the mid difficulty, which is slightly easier than battletoads and the toughest nes+snes games imo. the max difficulty is just ridicilous.its platform hell, bullet hell, difficult bosses and difficult in every other way possible.atleast 10 times in this game i have been thinkin lol, this is impossible this stops here, but after countless tries i have been able to progress somehow.thinking before you act does not work in this game, its all about learning patterns, muscle memory + eye-finger cordination."
76561198012278782,Recommended,318530,14031388,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tegozumi,Do you enjoy dying a lot? Because you're gonna diea lot.A must buy for anyone who likes challenging platformers!
,Recommended,318530,29066796,Posted: 6 January,all,Party ghost,trash kids with 0.8 hours saying it's too hard lul
76561198029894536,Recommended,318530,13230124,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Yagamoth,"Not for everyone, but definitely an amazing challenge for people that enjoy such a thing."
76561198061007916,Recommended,318530,21857389,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HOTCOCO,"One of my favorite games. Love the customization and with lots of practice, the results are satisfying. I can beat the game in about 1H40M"
76561198116974851,Recommended,318530,15421339,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Emimi100,Should I even say something about this game ? My time will talk by itself and other people reviewed it already so I don't feel like saying what's already been said. I feel like I stole the game for how cheap I paid for it.
76561198070122733,Recommended,318530,13377207,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tachyon,This game is absolutely spectacular!Full of numerous surprises and fantastic boss fights! What feels you get when you finally beat some of the end-game bosses! Thank you for the game! =)
,Recommended,318530,13220654,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,RoTTa,"played for roughly one hour and I'm hooked already, very typical solgryn game, rage inducing but still keeps tight grip of the player to not quit. Visuals and audio are amazing too! 9/10"
76561198048493133,Recommended,318530,24082360,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tiem,"If you love platformers and hate yourself, this is the game for you!"
76561198056798052,Recommended,318530,29936796,Posted: 14 February,all,QuiteSeriousNejo,"This is the best 2D platformer ever created. I honestly say in terms of gameplay, it's flawless. It is the most difficult, sure. But it is completely fair, and every mistake you make is your own fault. The game has ingenious level design, and has the best controls I've ever seen in any 2D platformer EVER.Story is meh, and the graphics are not so great. But the gameplay and music more than make up for that. The boss fights, the levels, the difference between easy and hard difficulties. This game is a must have to any fan of 2D platformers, and those who are looking for a great challenge.Also, I'd like to point out that 90% of people who didn't like it are either not fans of the genre (Fair enough), or are put off by the high difficulty. This is NOT a troll game. It is NOT an unfair game like other Grynsoft games. This is NOT I Wanna Be The Guy. It is an amazing experience with a high difficulty curve."
76561198003949842,Recommended,318530,33461128,Posted: 11 July,all,Fitzou,A good game to destroy your computer... xDGood point :- Fun & addictive- Oldschool & Hard- Ost- Boobs :pBad point :- Rage xD- Die and retry as hell- Oldschool Hitbox...Another question ? xD
,Recommended,318530,13884100,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Jadefeuer,After 2 frustrating hours and endless deaths Im getting closer to beating the 2nd boss (around 30 tries in currently). Looking forward to normal and (maybe) hard mode once Im done with easy mode...
,Recommended,318530,17390122,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Antonisthier,"The bosses in this are just amazing. Thirteen wildly different boss fights, each with their own theme, which changes and gains in intensity and speed throughout the fight. The whole experience of each boss fight is so awesome, you will *want* to spend more time with them and get the Flawless achievements (that is, beat the bosses without taking any damage).There's some mild randomness to the bosses. But only as in, how the bosses move, which attacks they use, that kind of stuff. You can get yourself in a bad situation if you don't pay attention, but you do always have the chance to recover. The difficulty always feels fair in this game, which is remarkable, since the difficulty is completely over the top.Try the demo for yourself. If you prevail, you might just stand a chance at beating the rest of the game."
76561197976737452,Recommended,318530,14458140,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,gettactical,"So I was watching a speedrun of this game, and I was like: Yeah, I could do that!One million deaths later...This game is an insanely hard platformer, and it will kill you many, many times.  Often the only thing standing between you and death is a single wrong jump, a single wrong pixel movement to the left or right.  Every single moment is downright unfair, and you'll learn to hate it.  But once you beat a boss, or pass that next checkpoint, you feel like a really bad dude and will want to continue."
,Recommended,318530,17232188,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jetty,"It's incredibly satisfying to die to the same boss hundreds of times, only to later be able to kill it without taking damage.Challenging game with a good payoff."
,Recommended,318530,20488015,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nietona,"Having just now completed the game in Angel Mode, I can safely say I am glad I decided to choose it for my first try. Make no mistake, Wings of Vi is a difficult game and it knows it, its precise platforming and intense (yet unique) boss battles being the main attraction here. There are three modes; Angel, Mortal and Demon. On your first time through the game, I would recommend Angel Mode as the game is very relentless, even in this mode. The platforming is top notch, and the controls feel smooth. The music is incredible, and ranges from peaceful sounding tracks to very intense, blood-pumping tracks. Regardless, each track perfectly fits the area that it plays in and you will quickly find yourself humming along to the memorable tracks. The boss battles are incredible, each one being completely unique, having unique abilities, and tough as nails attacks. The world is full of all sorts of secrets in this game, there being a ton of collectibles and extra weapons, should you know where to look.Despite the game being sold as a difficult platformer, however, I would not say there was even a single point - outside of purposely hard to get collectibles - where I felt actively angry at the game. Every time that I died, I felt like it was my fault and not some ridiculous difficulty mechanic. Very much a trial and error game, you WILL die until you learn how to complete a section. Nonetheless, it does not feel unfair.I would recommend this game to anyone who loves platformers, and to everyone who loves a good challenge. It is worth every second of your time."
,Recommended,318530,30045654,Posted: 19 February,all,Zakdawg,"If you like hard platform games with interesting and hard boss fights this is a great game.If you like spendings hours on the same boss, get smacked by the same abilities, understand and overcome said abilities only to get smacked by more dangerous abilities during enrage... eventually overcoming all the challenges the boss could present, do a fistpump, be proud of yourself for not giving up. Then this is a game for you! :)The game is hard, but mostly in a challenging way rather than frustrating."
76561198015954929,Recommended,318530,30847341,Posted: 30 March,all,CutieMcBooty,"This game is a beast of an action platformer. It requires a butt ton of precision for both it's platforming and it's combat, but if you like these kinds of games for sadists, then this one is certainly up your ally.It's much more linear than a Metroidvania and it shouldn't be viewed that way. You will backtrack here and there, but it isn't very much so I wouldn't label it that way. It's not like this is a point against it, it's just not that kind of game.You'll probably tear your hair out, but it's a game I come back to a lot these days. This is because the game, while undoubtedly very difficult, is also very fair. The difficulty ramps up faster than you can probably learn it, so you'll die quite a lot in your first run. But it's more akin to something like Super Meat Boy rather than I Want to be the Guy in that you just gotta suck less rather than just ram your head through a series of surprises. It is absolutely possible to conquer each platforming challenge without dying and occasionally you'll find a platforming puzzle that you won't die to even once, which feels really good.But make no mistake, this game is extremely difficult. But if you're like me and you like a good spankin', this game is more than worth your money."
,Recommended,318530,28030067,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Toasty,"It's an interesting question: can you make a platform hell game - a genre that treats difficulty as a joke at the player's expense - feel serious in its intention to provide a tough but fair challenge? The answer offered by Wings of Vi is yes... with some reservations.Though Wings of Vi pedigree traces its lineage back to masocore freeware games like I Wanna Be The Guy, you'll find none of the joke traps or obvious, gleeful sadism that made those games infamous. Vi plays its difficulty straight. Environmental hazards and new mechanics are typically introduced with a soft enough curve (relative to the rest of the game, anyways) to allow a degree of practice before their trickiest permutations appear. Bosses, though always difficult to beat, are rarely difficult to grasp mechanically. The game even places camera-scrolling demon eyes near complex platforming segments to let you survey their deathtraps in full heart-sinking glory. Wings of Vi wants you to understand its difficulty, not surprise you with it.Wings of Vi hasn't completely escaped its roots, though. A few segments and bosses needle the player with demands for frustrating precision. You can almost envision the playtesting sessions where the developer played through a challenging section, mulled it over, then impishly dialed it an extra degree towards punishing. As you die repeatedly to platforms placed one hair past the comfortable apex of your jump, or laser timers one millisecond too short to clear, or bosses with one attack pattern past the realm of manageable, you may feel your skills flexing to close the gap, or you may feel like the goalposts were shifted to create it. What should be challenges of execution sometimes devolve into challenges of patience as you struggle to squeeze the last few frames of perfect inputs into a sequence of maneuvers you've long since figured out.One thing I'd be remiss not to mention is the final boss, perhaps the most unnecessary dogpiling of player abuse I've ever witnessed. The aggressive and occasionally erratic movements, combined with its already trying attacks, would have been enough. To have to deal with these on a battlefield that's contstanly poisoning you, with sometimes poorly timed health orb spawns as your only remedy; on platforms that may summon pentacles that may set you on fire for standing near them, which can ruin one of the boss's few chances for free hits; and while juggling the enemies that spawn towards the end of the lengthy battle... it was all too much. That one fight alone took more than 8 hours of attempts and 700 deaths on NORMAL.And yet, gripes aside, I would still narrowly recommend this game. The exhiliration I felt from beating it, even just on the medium difficulty, felt like earning a crown studded with the jewels of dozens of bested trials. Besides that, from going back on the easiest difficulty to earn the last few achievements I can say with confidence that Wings of Vi is thoughtful enough with its application of difficulty modifiers that anyone who knows at least to expect a high but generally above-board challenge should be able to find a difficulty that suits them.Wings of Vi has its flaws, and I wouldn't recommend it even to most platformer fans. However, if your reaction to overcoming (sometimes unfairly) steep odds is more triumph than relief, you might want to give this angelic platform hell game a try."
76561198083584002,Recommended,318530,13965741,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Machinae Prime,"Great precision platformer with a nice artstyle. Features character customization, secrets to look for and extremely challenging bosses. The moment where I beat the third boss with 5% of my health remaining was the moment I placed this game among my favorites. The sense of satisfaction when you win against all odds is just gold. Although the game is designed to be really difficult, it still feels fair. Very rarely will you face a cheap death and when you do, it will mainly be against a boss. The controls are tight, the music is compelling and the artstyle is pleasing to the eye. Really, the only reason not to try this game is if you absolutely hate precision platformers. I used to stay as far away from them as possible, and this game still managed to win me over."
,Recommended,318530,13276581,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Roman,"This game is really awesome. Alot of challenging platforming and bosses. Hidden areas with secret items to customize your character. A nice graphic design and fun achievements to even try for something harder.Definitely recommending it to anyone thinking about getting it,"
76561198067666595,Recommended,318530,26392201,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lamb,"Play the demo to know what to be prepared for, the game is mostly skill based but a few bosses require a minor, yet relevant amount of luck to defeat in a timely manner (Death is inevitable). When I purchased this game the demo did not exist, but I was still excited for the ""Cheesy"" puzzles that quite simply require speed and observation.Really, its a great game, but from my experience, which of course is the most relevant part, the great amount of deaths definatly outweigh the few successes so far. I say far, because I have yet to complete the game for as long as I have owned the product.All in all, none of my words matter, just be sure to play the demo if you want to buy this game."
,Recommended,318530,13244547,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Siglamii,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, this game is awesome. I'm not sure I'll ever be able to beat it with the amount I rage. Although, that is why I'm recommending it, it's a challange. Love you Solgryn <3"
76561198047372888,Recommended,318530,13373739,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Firiq,"2D platformers aren't normally my thing, but I had really enjoyed games like ""Cave Story"" and ""I Wanna be the Boshy"" in the past. This game looks beautiful, is fun to play, and provides a fantastic challenge. Actually, this is probably the hardest game I've ever finished. This game has my respect for being demanding, but also being enjoyable. I'm addicted.Beware:This game has a history of bugs and balance patches. I think it's finally hit a good spot.This game is hard. If you aren't familiar with precision platformers, I'd suggest starting on the lowest difficulty."
76561198059776357,Recommended,318530,13169944,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Spyro,"You will Die a lot, but there are Hats"
,Recommended,318530,16535065,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wronald Weasley,"This is easily the most difficult platformer I've ever played. At times it's like banging my head against a wall and I have to wonder what the devs were thinking.It's a BLAST.What makes this game great is just how well the controls work. When you die, it's not that the game didn't respond properly, it's that you missed your pixel or frame perfect input. But while the game is incredibly brutal, it's reasonably forgiving in terms of checkpoints and respawn time, so it's very easy to recover. And the best part comes when you finally beat a hard section that you've died a lot on and you know it's because you've actually gotten better at the game. For me this first came after the second boss which took me 77 tries over two nights to beat. And yet it's still fun because you learn the mechanics of the game a little better with every death. You perfect your skills gradually over time rather than getting huge powerspikes with a level up or a new piece of gear. It's tough, but it's an incredibly rewarding game.I only have two complaints about the game. 1) The menu is keyboard driven rather than mouse driven which is a little awkward to manage. 2) When I use a 360 controller (I HIGHLY recommend you use a controller), it seems that if I rebind the keys more than once, it bugs out and maps respawn and attack to the same button. This renders the game unplayable and requires quitting and restarting. On the bright side, because you always spawn at your last checkpoint, you lose no progress. Definitely give this game a chance.I recommend starting on Angel mode unless you're amazing at platformers. Then start on Normal. Save Demon mode for your 9th playthrough or something."
,Recommended,318530,15487790,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ショタ男の娘,"Wings of Vi is an excellent action platformer. The game is extremely well designed, and it very rarely seems ""unfair"", and is instead legitimately difficult. There are 3 difficulties: Angel (easy), Mortal (normal), Demon (Hard). The difficulties change how many save points are available, how much health and damage enemies/bosses do, as well as having more/less attacks, and nerfing/buffing enemy/boss attacks, so difficulty isn't just ""you have to grind more"", it legitimately changes the difficulty of the game, and is a big selling point. Angel is better for a more casual experience (if you have little experience with platformers), mortal is a bit tougher, and demon is extremely difficult, and i would only recommend it to experienced platformers. If you want a fun, albeit difficult, platformer then i highly recommend this game."
76561198144422513,Recommended,318530,13625073,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Liam7300,This game is amazing and anyone who things otherwise can be eated by satan
,Recommended,318530,13279302,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,HeroCalledZero™,Solgryn made me cry.
,Recommended,318530,13812516,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,🅱rostbyte ❄,♥♥♥♥ you Solgryn.12/10
,Recommended,318530,15125580,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Luparax,"Alright. Let's try this.Review of Wings of ViGeneral Info:I started the game today (as of the writing of this review) and am currently about three hours into the game. I am really glad my controller is worth more to me than my sanity, otherwise I would need a couple new controllers now. Someone hold my salt, my aquarium is ringing.This game is the hardest and most infuriating game I have every played. That said, I actually enjoy it, to a certain degree. The controls feel nice and direct and are actually customizable for both keyboard and controller, the sound design is appropriate and ties in well with the game world and the pixel-y art style looks surprisingly good. A well animated, well designed platformer. So much for (game-) design choices.I may attempt a description of what the gameplay is actually like further down in the review, but it really comes down to whether you are a perfectionist or just looking for some relaxing platformer. So instead I will list a few things that I found make this game stick out from the crowd of platformer games.Pros:+ Addicting straightforward gameplay. There is few ""random"" deaths. Everything you do feels earned and every deaths is something you as a played screwed up. The game actively challenges you to try harder.+ Sound design. I was not sure whether to put this under Pros or not, but it is really solid work and ties in well with the gameplay and game world.+ Art Style. I am a sucker for good pixel art and this is certainly one of the better ones.+Angel Boobs. Seriously, the only way the main Protagonist called ""Vi"" is walking straight is because she has wings to support herself. ;)+ Decent progression. Every couple of levels you get a new weapon or move. Every achievement gets you a new customization option for Vi.+ Customization. There are games calling themselves RPG that are featuring less. No boob sliders though. ;)+ Insanely hard difficulty. I enjoy the challenge.+ Customizable Controls. For a platformer like this an absolute must-have.Neither Pro nor Con:* Story. It gets the job done and that is honestly all I ask for in a platformer like this.* Same with dialog. Solid work, got a few chuckles out of me.Cons:- Insanely hard difficulty and you can crank that up even higher. If you don't enjoy learning every single move of a boss battle to neigh perfection in order to beat him while dying repeatedly you will not have fun playing this game.- Frustration level: Over 9000. Again, I value my controllers more than my sanity or this would have been a very expensive game.- No pause. You can not pause the game. That is mostly okay since checkpoints are usually safe, but in levels where you start in an unsafe spot, that can get really annoying.- Prepare some object you can punch in case of the inevitable death. Try and keep your pets out of range while playing.- I spend about half and hour trying to find actual Cons apart from the difficulty level.Allergy warning:This product may contain traces of puns.So, on to the question that has been burning on the tip of your tounge for the last minute:""Is this game actually worth 15 bucks?"".If you can relate to any of the folling statements, the answer to that question is ""yes"".""I enjoy hard challenges""""I want to play a platformer game that is not over after an hour""""I enjoy playing games to beat highscores""""I am a masochist""The game is well made and I can imagine a developer actually putting enough resources into this game to justify 15 bucks, and the time I will spend with this game is long enough to justify that as well. It really just comes down to whether or not you will be playing this game or just put it aside after the first hundred deaths or so.Disclaimer: Neither me nor the game's developer are responsible for any physical or mental damage to you, your pets or people in your immediate vicinity. All grammatical mistakes you find in this text are subject to adoption.This is Luparax, signing out."
,Recommended,318530,14923309,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,alfasketer,"You know what? I read through many of the reviews that are saying that the game is harder than Super Meat Boy itself. $#!+ they were right. At the start it is hard but fairly simple, but later it gets allmost unfairly complicated to make through the courses. But the feel of accomplishment is priceless when you make it in one piece. I don't suggest this game to the easilly frustrated, unpatient and the people who has the habbit of trowing the controlers everywhere. If you like a good challenge and a game you can cry over for hour pick it up. Just remember: ""Be careful what you wish."""
,Recommended,318530,17084168,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kaja117,"Got this game expecting just another difficult platformer.MAN WAS I WRONG. This has got to be one of the most enchanting and rewarding games I have played in a long time, there's just something about it I cannot get out of my head.That being said, it is not for people who don't enjoy extreme challenges.You know the kind of friends/people who always say stuff like ""I just died like 150 times to this boss, and I've gotten him to 40%! Soon, I'll get him and it will be awesome!""? Well, if you cannot fathom why these people would be putting enjoyment to their suffering, this game is not for you. Plain and simple.TL;DR- you die, a lot. the majority of the fun lies in satisfaction bred from frustration"
,Recommended,318530,19579320,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Duck,"--Game Facts--Ingredients: Cute angels, boobs, demons, deaths, great soundtrack, challenging platforming, deaths, death counter, dress-up, deaths.Warnings: May cause severe frustration, uncontrollable sobbing, denial, thoughts of homocide, extreme swearing, loss of sanity, ""just one more time"" syndrome.Directions: Pray.Ask your psychiatrist if Wings of Vi is right for you."
,Recommended,318530,21981489,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,"Wings of Vi is on my top5 platformers there are. It's fun, engaging, and of course hard. Insanely hard. Especially on the hard difficulty(demon mode), I don't care if you're a platformer-games veteran, you're gonna die, and rage, and quit, and play again, and so on until you bleed.It's a huge challenge that provides an enormous amount of satisfaction when you manage to beat it. If you can."
,Recommended,318530,14687063,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Def Not Tea,"10/10. I reaching about 100 deaths. In ANGEL MODE.This game is very difficult. Period. Or I suck at games.It's very smooth and pretty, like a dream.I highly suggest mapping your own keys."
,Recommended,318530,15163110,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,taprus,"This game is excellent in all regards I would say, not only it does the two most important things in a video game right in my opinion (fluent controls, and fun ,challengeing level design) but it also has some very pleasing to the eye and ears aesthetics (or grafics depending on how you say it) and music.But what the game really shines though its in the boss fight, wish are mostly really fun and rewarding yet still hard as balls.One problem I do have with the game is the ultra-cryptic stuff at the end(path of decay, summoning chamber)that you kinda need a guide or a video to pass.As is probably one of the best platformers ever made I will give it a 67/69Good job Solgryn, good job(I didnt mean to post this April 1st though)"
76561198083585627,Recommended,318530,20388873,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,MF DOOM,"One word AMAZING. The challegne in this game is unreal which may seem like a negative but believe me it's not. Even though I have lost saves and had to restart on 2 occassions (Due to my computer not the game) I have always come back to it due to the insane amount of enjoyment that comes from it.At $15 US I would suggest buying it now, don't worry about waiting for the price to drop further this price is worth it."
,Recommended,318530,13233573,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,否デブ女 - S T A R G A Z R,"Crazy hard platformer that's really rewarding. You start out with nothing but a wimpy attack and a single jump that can be executed at any time, on the ground or falling. You then gain more abilities as you progress through the game, and instead of getting easier as a result, the dev's use this to add continually harder sections. It has a very megaman feel in both difficulty and how it controls. Like megaman you're quite heavy and this took some getting used to as I generally play games like They Bleed Pixels which is very floaty. Some of the boss fights also have a cadance much like megaman boss fights, both in their timing and in memorizing their abilities. Unlike megaman though the bosses in Vi use their attacks randomly making each attempt different enough that you can't memorize the pattern of their attacks.They also let you customize your appearance, which I'm a total sucker for. These are unlocked throughout the game either through story events or finding secret chests.Dying is pretty painless aside from a solidly difficult checkpoint system. It doesn't respawn you automatically, but you can respawn at will with the press of a button. So while you have to quickly tap the button every time you die, there's no waiting around for death or respawn animations.The devs are also really awesome. Back when they were having trouble with save corruptions, one of them added me on steam and gave me a new save file at the exact checkpoint I was at! Seriously good people. I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561198006444163,Recommended,318530,13261167,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Casey,"Holy Gumdrops batman! It's like mega man difficulty plus an extra dose of frustration for this game. It kicks your butt and you keep going with a smile on your face. I've laughed, cried, and screamed at this asking ""How is this possible"" to ""This is impossible!"" To ""It is possible!"" Plat forming difficulty multiplied by 5000 on easy and over 9000 on hard.  Don't turn this game down, it changed my view of how a game could actually beat you down and get you back up. Like dark souls but more cuddly and chaotic in 2D."
76561197962605237,Recommended,318530,13226590,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Argus Tangentti,Classic Grynsoft. Didn't get even past the first boss. <3
,Recommended,318530,13875945,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Frog,Wings of vi is a hard game but you get a great feeling then you beat a boss thats what keeps me playing i just wanna rekt dem bosses Oh! and items to make youre vi look like a bunny 10/10
76561198053141693,Recommended,318530,14229544,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Muffin,"This game is really a challenge. When you complete a passage and after 100 deaths, constand swearing and changing your outfit 25 times, you feel like all your problems in your life vanished at once.If you like platformers like Castlevania or Super meat boy, then this is your game."
76561198044683516,Recommended,318530,20949657,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Doomsdayboss,"These are the difficulties present in this, including one with a modifier:Angel Mode = Normal ModeMortal Mode = Hard ModeDemon Mode = Insane ModeDemon Doomed Mode = You Die In One Hit, Go To Hell And Stop Playing This Game ModeThis is a good."
76561198026673593,Not Recommended,318530,16367683,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CrazyHermit,"As platform games go, it's less of an obstacle course with a finish line and more like ""figure out the precise jump/float/slide pattern we intended you to follow to not die on a given obstacle, then do it all again for the next one, oh and sometimes you'll just get hit anyway so SUCK IT UP SCRUB"". It's lot like the latter-day Sonic games (you know, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones) in that regard. The scrolling is pretty janky too, with quite a few points where you have to leap off an edge of the screen to progress and hope it pans to something you can land on. Overall, level design just feels too busy for its own good; you're constantly dodging through one spiky helltrap after another without any relatively simple stretches to give you a breather, and believe me, that will wear on you. I, for one, have been playing video games too long to put up with that♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.One last thing, and I guess this goes out to indie developers in general: if you're not just crowing about it and actually do care about ""balanced difficulty"", consider swapping out your testers sometimes, assuming you have any besides yourself (in which case recruit family or friends, just anybody willing to suffer for you); someone who's played through a thumb-breaking, deathtrap-ridden hellfest a thousand times in debug mode is bound to lose perspective of how frustrating the experience really is for everyone else."
,Recommended,318530,17621235,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Divywenneck,"A challenge indeed and if it's not enough it's diffrent difficulties and challenges.Art is beautiful. The game will make you rip your hair off a few times, worth picking up!"
,Recommended,318530,21061022,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Circu~,"A torture fest of endless platforming, enemies, and bosses in order to save everyone in the land from a horrible epidemic.Wings of vi is a platformer where you need to run, dash, fly, and battle your way through multiple levels as you collect cool aethstetical gear and powers to defeat your enemies.  One of the very few games I really like the look of the game due to pixelated games having a charm to them.  This game is great for anyone who wants a challenging platformer and I hope people try this game out.P.S.: to anyone saying this is hard, you might wanna go try the harder difficulties and then tell people it's hard."
,Recommended,318530,13664812,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spooney2,Good and challenging game to play. Nice visuals to entertain.Quite hard though D: even on easy.:myougiLaugh:
,Recommended,318530,19240862,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lord Baricus,"This game is great. It's a really fun challenge and has a lot of re-playability. The music and art design are fantastic, I would recommend this to everyone."
76561198092836248,Recommended,318530,21307231,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kdroid1,"Wings of Vi is a difficult platforming games all about skill and learning patters the controls are fast to pick up and the gameplay is great. with a variaty of difficulties ranging from Angel (less hard bosses and more savepoints) to Demon (hard bosses with more attacks and less save points) you can have a fun time while not feeling to chalenged or of more advanced players not to easy of a game. There are plenty of secrets to customize your character, different weapons to match you're play style, and unique bosses each with flawless (take no damage in the fight) accesories and some with special achivments"
,Recommended,318530,20360685,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Skadisson,"If you watch all the 2d platforming speedrunners at AGDQ each year in awe and want to taste a bit of the speedrunning cake yourself - this is the perfect title to get your started (beside all the console classics of course). You can map all your controller or keyboard buttons, the game is based on quick resets, got death counter per stage and per game and even a precise timer built in. And a bit of character customization, because the pixel artwork is some of the best available on PC. And an top of it all there is a time- and deaths-based leaderboard for all difficulties."
,Recommended,318530,15021484,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,GODKaiserOs,"You take the role of the angel Vi, who mistakenly free's the Demon Lord Jeh'oul.Unleashed from his chains Jeh'oul promises perish to the holy lands of heaven and its up to you to save the day.The game features challenging plattform sections wich take inspirations from older megaman titles, build into a metroid esque world.Up till now a very challenging and unforgiving plattformer, with great Visuals and an absolutely awesome Ost.Recommended for fans of games like ""I wanna be the Guy"", ''Castlevania:Sotn'' and ''Megaman''."
,Recommended,318530,16572916,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Heropon,"Its the brutal platforming of I wanna be the guy + The bullet hell of Ikaruga + The crazy bosses and fairness of Dark SoulsMy only complaint is the frame stuttering in the caverns, but I don't know if its the game or my PC."
76561198155869719,Recommended,318530,16456152,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LastRespiration,"Wings of Vi ReviewWings of Viis a brutally difficult 2D platformer produced bySolgryn, the creator of the infamously hard gameI Wanna Be the Boshy.Pros:Challenging, but fair, platforming through most of the game.Multiple difficulty settings which affect both combat and platforming.Highly customizable character appearance.New mechanics introduced frequently throughout the game.Cons:Bosses can employ certain attack patterns that are unpredictable.There are no separate keys for melee and ranged attacks. The game chooses your attack type automatically.Persistent bug regarding fullscreen mode.In conclusion, I would recommend this game only to fans of excessive difficulty and those seeking a real challenge."
,Recommended,318530,14260530,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dustbin,"Cute angel anime♥♥♥♥♥♥and waifu dress-up.Also a REALLY solid platformer with decent mechanics and with AMAZING music and art, but it is very very hard so beware if you're easily frustrated. I died over 300 times on one small section if that's any indicator of difficulty. That being said, despite the huge difficulty and my ineptitude at punishing platformers the game does keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,318530,14718497,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TJX295,"This game takes the idea of a hard 2D side-scroller to the next level. It was inspired by Cave Story and Castlevania, and if you like either of those games you will surely like this, that is if you can handle the difficulty. Wings of Vi has a stellar sound track that really sets the tone for the game.In the game you must face many twisted demonic beings. There are some very difficult bosses as well as brutal platforming sections. The controls are tight and it is satisfying when you complete a difficult platforming section. There are a ton of unlockable cosmetic items to be found and earned as you play through the game, this includes companions that mirror your actions one step behind you (such as Boshy!). There are also several different weapons to be discovered along the way. If you are a fan of action based 2D side-scrollers and can handle the difficulty then--this is a great game to pick up."
76561198131876996,Recommended,318530,15274261,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Parus_owo,"ohey cool angels + boobs best game evar V/V (like roman numerals) .0.This game is definetely not for most people, if you're thinking of buying this, at least try the demo athttp://grynsoft.com/wingsofvi/The demo is a pretty good representation of the game, just the full game has everything, and gets a lot harder as you go through levels.The main problem with this game is that there is no easy mode, only an ""easy"" mode called angel mode, which still is very hard, this isn't a game where you breeze through levels, this is like IWBTB where you die 20 times trying to get to the next save point. Also, I don't like how large Vi's hitbox is, it is easy to tell where it is, i just don't like how tall it is.I personally like the level design, the music is wonderful, and really like everything except for the problems above. But, the no ""easy"" mode could be considered a feature, since instead of going through easy mode and getting used to the game, the game constantly throws you into obstacles that are really hard for you to get past, so you have to take a lot of tries, and when you finallly get to the next save point, it feels amazing. This game is also great to speedrun if you know the game and have played through it a few times.Overall, I would say this game is a great game to rage at while looking at nice art/graphics and listening to nice music."
,Recommended,318530,16347278,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sgt. Spookbutt,I like the concept of the game but the only downfall for me is everytime I respawn my screen stays black but over all good game
76561198044142359,Recommended,318530,14885708,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Cewkie,Feel like life isnt stressful enough? Play This.P.S Its really good c:
,Recommended,318530,14202573,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Xenlonow,"I heard that this game should be super hardcore and I just bought it without even seeing a gameplay or screenshots.I thought that I am good at this game and started in demon mode (medium or normal)and I am near the last boss after 35 hours. I tried it in angel mode (easy) and was at the same point after 3 hours.I never raged at this game which is a huge pluspoint, I just wanted to make it, so I tried and tried and tried...Enough to the gameplay; It has angel boobs. Normally that would be enough reason to buy this game, but you can also customize your character and for the good parts, you need to make hard stuff. In addition to this, there are lots of secrets, which want to be found and it makes the game even more fun10/10+angel boobs--> would buy again"
,Recommended,318530,13734437,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Pips~,"Awesome platformer game, play it if you like challenging games. The difficulty curve on it is great, I recommend Mortal mode difficulty for first playthrough."
,Recommended,318530,25702763,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SeymourButtes,welcome to die
76561198253534287,Recommended,318530,25407443,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,theragdollcorpse,"this game is very very hard, i'm playing in easy dificulty and i barley made it through stage one. After that i raged quit... i dont wanna give it a thumbs up but it defenitley does not deserve a thumbs down i would give 3.5 stars out of five."
,Recommended,318530,16011096,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Wolf,"I wanted to give this a thumbs-up after only a few hours of playing, but figured I'd wait until I finished it before doing one. Little did I know this would take a little longer than I thought, clocking in today at 4,038 deaths and just over 36 hours for my first playthrough on Mortal (normal) difficulty.Keep in mind that Wings of Vi is straight-up difficult and challenging all the way through, getting progressively harder and harder. If you're looking for something you can breeze through effortlessly on your first try in a few hours or so, you might need to prepare yourself for something a bit different. It's very rewarding if you stick with it, and getting that one step closer towards progressing through a level or almost killing a boss feels very rewarding.Wings of Vi is pretty awesome in all aspects. The controls feel responsive with various mechanics being introduced to the player as they progress, often teaching the player to make use of these properly before throwing them into the deep end. The gameplay never becomes stale or uninteresting, level designs are each unique and challenging in different ways and you get a great sense of satisfaction when you finally down a boss or get past that one room that you've been stuck on for a while. The art is pretty impressive too with some crazy good boss designs, and the music and sound effects blend in with the world and mechanics really nicely, with the Terrestrial Vale BGM probably claiming my favourite music track in the game alongside a couple of the boss themes.If you're a fan of platformers or generally really challenging games, give this a shot without hestitation. If you're not a fan of either of this, still give it a shot because it's just really damn good."
76561198148134917,Recommended,318530,21358432,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,FiukusDookus,Wings of Vi is dope!  Super challenging... interesting mechanics... aesthetically joyful.  Hope to see more from this developer.  Learned about this game from ManVsGame.
,Recommended,318530,28246710,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Harpmony,"I've touched the reset button more times than i've touched my dong.In all seriousness, this game is really fun overall for anyone that enjoys it's style, as i can expect not many people liking this game's difficulty.The graphics are also really nice; no two places are like eachother, and the backgrounds are colorful and varied.But, the plot is really weak and the dialogs and character interaction are kinda meh-ish (wich can be excused, as it's main focus is the gameplay). Sometimes the dialog is really quick, and uses no time to establish a character's personality, or opinions on a matter at hand. (For example, after beating the first area's boss, a character doesn't react to the recently-caused conflict).However, as i mentioned before, it's main focus is the gameplay and it does a heck (hehe, pun) of a good job. It handles smoothly and makes you feel satisfied after pulling off that complicated platforming segment that you previously thought was impossible.I would reccomend it to anyone that likes a good challenge, but i can understand people being dissapointed on this game."
,Recommended,318530,22222743,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,scachich,"This game can be really difficult, but the bosses and lore make it really worth, i died over 3300 times on my first run, was stuck on the same obstacle course for over 2 hours , but i didnt mind, because the peaceful soundtrack did keep me calm..this game has many demonic bosses, needless to say that in most of then i nearly had a few heart attacks.i mean, I  WENT REALLY OBSESSED WITH THIS GAME! and with merily 30 hours,, which was a single run, the game has SO many secret, but i kinda didnt had enough.i want wov 2.10/10 this game gave me life.i did quit cancerous fandoms because of this."
,Recommended,318530,34050722,Posted: 5 August,all,CoolSteve10249,"Things I like:How the profiles show their emotions (Pretty neat)The change in music when the boss's health is low (Similar to the Sonic boss music!)Being able to jump in mid-air (I learned that the hard way;I played Mario games before this game)The controls are simple (Compatable for Sega Genesis Controllers!...We can't use them though.)I could DREAM about them (Everyone has a Dream World;Everyone dreams.)Fun and challenging at the same time (Somehow like Black Mesa's challenges.)Being other chracters by drinking Potions (Vi only LOOKS different, but everything else about her is the SAME!)Being able to customize Vi (You can even save sets!)Things I dislike:The difficulty (Especially on Angel Mode)The frame rate doesn't stay the same (Could've been the same)No Betas (I thought there are Betas or Alpha versions,but whatever)Fullscreen (The screen goes black after a death)"
76561198060705215,Recommended,318530,29991402,Posted: 17 February,all,inspectorcat,I thought of myself as a decent platformer player. Never have I been sooooo wrong. I couldn't even handle the 2nd boss... on the easiest difficulty. The 2nd of 13.
,Recommended,318530,13534334,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sobert,"Ok, that's a challenging game even in normal mode. It's been a long time since I find a game with this level of difficulty."
76561198004358155,Recommended,318530,19024745,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Gaffer Gonz,"A very tough, but very fair platformer.  Dying gives you the feeling of ""I messed up!"" rather than ""That was cheap!"""
,Recommended,318530,14581984,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kepsert,"Took me 99 hours to beat a game others beat in 40 minutes.10/10, I recommend!(please note, this comment is a joke, I obviously know these are speedrunners who practiced for a gazillion hours to get those times, would still recommend, 10/10!)"
,Recommended,318530,15673047,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Critticalt,"Beautiful Game. Beautiful Soundtrack. Beautiful Gameplay. Beautiful Boobs.Seriously, this game is awesome"
76561198165515696,Recommended,318530,17607271,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rymael,"u will die, a lot.No matter how good u r at games, ur almost certain to die 1k+ times on ur first playthrough, but the number of deaths on ur second playthough will be greatly less.i spend hours to get from point A to point B, and feel amazing when i finally manage it. Only to look ahead at whats next and think ""Can i go back?"".Sometimes i get to a spot and say ""How is that humanly possible?"", and then get past it, and then do it again after dying to a worse spot before the next save point.Having never played a game harder then Mario, im surprised by how much fun a challaging game can be.The game itself is well designed, so unless u have a rly bad computer, all the deaths will be your fault.To the people who get less then 50 deaths on Demon mode (Hard), i am genuinely awed by your skill, and i hope to at least achieve that on Angle mode (Easy) one day."
,Recommended,318530,14875999,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Cibus,Amazing game. The entire concept of it is beautiful. I love this game. Love love love.
,Recommended,318530,24776233,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,41,bad game
,Recommended,318530,19213857,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Lumi,Solgryn. I hate you. Please die.
,Recommended,318530,14100179,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wyres,Gave up after the first level. 10/10 would rage again.
,Recommended,318530,14983127,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,FriedPenguin,10% luck20% skill15% concentrated power of will5% pleasure50% pain100% reason to purchase this game
76561198011253310,Recommended,318530,14343961,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,maxze,Sometimes frustrating but fun!
,Recommended,318530,14086406,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,brue,"This game is so hard by the end of the first boss you might feel like a McDonalds French-Fry.Salty and delicious...But seriously my actual reveiw....I expected this game to be a broken mess like ""I Wanna be the Boshy"" but its not.Its fun and difficult, very very rewarding when you get to the next checkpoint...Pro's and Con'sPros:-Enjoyably Difficult-Nice Controls-Fun and Unique bosses-Angel Boobs~ (Sorry, but its true.)-Lots of movements.-Leaderboards-Difficulty Selection (good for newbies, still hard even on easy.)Cons:-Not a good game to play if you are new to platformers.-Will probably make you angry at alot of points.-No multiplayer.Thats all. Its actually really fun."
,Recommended,318530,13638276,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jasun,It's like marriage. You hate it but you constantly come back for more. 10/10 wouldmarryplay again.
,Recommended,318530,14385736,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,br4t,Fastest and Best Respawn simulator around.
76561197975873271,Recommended,318530,13179546,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tredyn,"It's a pain in the butt difficult kinda game, but If you play it on the lowest difficulty it's pretty acceptable. You really should play non the lowest difficulty and then when you get the hang of the puzzles replay it on more difficult settings after that."
,Recommended,318530,13624739,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CrispFunk,Fun and hard. Sounds sexy right? The game is fun and worthwile. Try it out. Wouldnt recommend to ragers though.
,Recommended,318530,13219772,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,"Ochipi, King of all the Cossacks","very good game... but every time that i try to respawn, the game screen going dark and i can´t play (aka i need to put alt+f4) (only in fullscreen mode) im in the terravine battle with all bosses (exept myugi in flawless)"
,Recommended,318530,25069053,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lampenpam,"Challenging and great plattformer with amazing boss battles.If you want to try this game, I recommend playing on the easiest difficulty since that one already is extremly hard, but the challenges are fair and satisfying when you beat them. Wings of Vi is definitely one of th best plattformers I have played on Steam."
,Recommended,318530,14229954,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zelse,"Challenging gameplay that isn't impossible (though you'll swear some parts are) or pointlessly hard. You'll have to take your time and really think about what to do for the next segment in many cases. Its very rewarding being able to overcome (and getting flawless on) the boss battles, especially on harder difficulties. Customizing Vi's outfit is fun as she can take on many looks to suit your preference. Storyline is simple but still enjoyable. The soundtrack is very nice, every song feels fitting and you won't get sick of any of it. Overall a really good game and well worth the effort."
76561198050356022,Recommended,318530,13224903,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kasshu720,"Tired of the boring platformers that don't seem to challenge you enough?  Tired of speed running those things with your eyes closed?  I swear this is the game that listened to those people and pumped up the insane difficulity up to 11!  I have always been confident with my platforming skills but this game truly does put it to the test!  This isn't a game for casuals, it demands lots and lots of deaths from you until you learn exactly when it is the best time to use your ONE jump you got so that you may proceed.  I also love the look of the game. Wonderful colors that pop out and the customization options you get for getting an achivement is always an amazingly good feeling of accomplishment."
,Recommended,318530,24434046,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mystith,10/10 would burn computer down again
,Recommended,318530,26586559,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bloughsburgh,"What looks to be a lovely platformer with challenge is actually a kaizo like rage fest in disguise.The game is brilliant when it comes to art direction and style but I seriously question some of the challenges that are presented. I can appreciate hard games and especially hard platformer games...but This is a bit much.Playing on ""normal"" more or less gives you around 4 hit points (sometimes 3, sometimes 2.) to tackle the next series of challenges as you strive to reach another checkpoint. While a lot of it is skill and learning patterns, I find it very hard to believe that one can best some obstacles without dying multiple times due to the nature of the platforming involved.The same principle applies to the bosses. I conquered two bosses and gave up on the third encounter but I found I had to learn patterns through multiple (in a sense, unavoidable) deaths.Your character is very agile and the controls are stellar with double jumps, gliding, 8-directional attack power, sliding, and more. The game expects you to use these abilities to their fullest extent and it heavily punishes if you fail to learn quickly.In short, I found the game to cross little past the line of artificial rather than skill based but that is my personal experience. If you are one for masochistic platformer tendencies and expect multiple upon multiple retries at small segments/boss fights then definitely give this game a try!For people that know me, I enjoy difficult games and do not give up easily but I also think my stress levels will thank me by banishing this game back to the depths."
,Recommended,318530,13290609,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ping 平亞倫,"A waifu dress up simulator where you will kill your waifu over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again. Good game."
,Recommended,318530,15303581,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,12p Ronald,"Got it between the sale and bundle, bought a copy from the bundle for my brother so he could understand my pain."
,Recommended,318530,15034977,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Cute Shotta,About as infuriating as Dark Souls.But about as fun as a 20/0 Blitzcrank.
,Recommended,318530,15171534,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,〜re_exist☆,Improve your Timing: The Game
76561198054731577,Recommended,318530,26530470,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kai Bannon,"There's a TLDR at the bottom for those who don't like reading :DI can only just BARELY give Wings of Vi my reccomendation. Basically, this game offers only a few things and I honestly cannot decide if I like it or not. Those things are:-Fun, fair platforming with a clear objective.-Extremely demanding, unfair-feeling, pixil perfect platforming with no clear way to beat it besides ramming your head into a brick wall repeatedly.-Fast paced and exciting bosses that feel good to beat.-Horrifically difficult, buggy bosses that make you feel like dragging a cheese grater across your face.-A few really good music tracks.-A lot of forgettable music tracks.-One music track that trolls the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.-The inability to tell wether or not youre having a good time.-High blood pressure and potentially even rage based heart attacks.The gameplay pattern goes something like this, there are a certain ammount of screens between you and the next boss and your job is to use a variety of jumps/dashes, paired with a weapon to slay demons and traverse trecherous territory and get to the next boss. Its standard but it provides a good base for the gameplay.Lets talk about the platforming first. This game will feel difficult from the very beginning. Its jumps push a mechanic that requires you to fall off a ledge THEN jump, which will feel unnatural but is not hard to learn. A decent chunk of the games platforming is well designed and feels good despite being very difficult and taking many tries to clear a single screen. At around the halfway point however (Judging by my percentage complete that is) MOST of the platforming starts to feel unfair and... just plain bad. Sometimes some of the jump buttons dont work, and the game rushes you to use a dash mechanic that more often than not will not respond properly to the direction you chose and will ram you into some spikes, killing you instantly.The game is meant to be hard, I get it, but the jumps start to reach into the realm of insanity, at least for your average player. As someone who plays alot of and really enjoys difficult platformers, this game has made me ragequit more than any other.On to the bosses. Several of the bosses I've encountered have been both very difficult but very fun, either because it was fast paced or just felt good to dodge its attacks. The others have just been buggy, ill constructed nightmares. The bosses feel like a big selling point but Vi is not really outfitted for combat, dispite all the unlockable weapons. Some are good, but alot are bad.TLDR: Difficulty for the sake of difficulty is not good game design. If you can deal with some really glaring inherant flaws and dont mind spending an hour on one platforming segment or boss, give it a go, as when it remembers its supposed to be a game not a torture simulator, wings of vi is very fun and I think the positives do make it worth it. There are so many games that do the whole ""Difficult but fair"" song and dance better, however.Don't pick this up expecting to be great at it, it will kick your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198067346020,Recommended,318530,13621603,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vagrant Toof,"Imagine, Dark Souls 2, in 2D format with Angel Babes."
76561198041057065,Recommended,318530,15397736,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Will,Loving this game so far! About 2100 deaths in but still going strong and having a good time. Determined to finish what i've started.
,Recommended,318530,15403953,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Plumbo Jumbo,You can have a little Boshy follow you around.69/10
,Not Recommended,318530,17873738,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Antroid,"Note: the whole opinion is based on playing on the hardest difficulty, ""demon mode"". I believe that if a designer can't balance the hardest difficulty of his or her game right, they don't actually know how to make a good challenge, so I judge every game by how it plays on one of the hardest difficulty settings it offers.I can't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have a ton of free time and literally nothing else to do.The game's store page says it's skill based. That's a humongous lie that makes people think that being good at this game is something to be proud of and strived for, when instead it's just a sign of how much time you wasted banging your head against a steel wall until the steel wall gave out. Which is why it's simply funny when people brag about just how difficult this game is, as if sheer difficulty automatically makes the game better.Let me explain. The challenge of the game is two-fold, different for combat (mostly bosses) and platforming.The bosses have a set of moves which they choose from in a random way (with some patterns here and there), and the way to beat a boss is basically play against them enough so that you know how to dodge each move reliably, or maybe most of them, and executing it afterwards. It can be satisfying and I think the bosses might be the better part of the game (admittedly I haven't faced that many before quitting the game). There's maybe actually some skill involved because you do sometimes need to think quickly and react and adapt to what the boss is doing just because of the randomness and how it can sometimes give you arrangements you can't prepare for or predict.The platforming is basically a puzzle game mixed with muscle memory training. You get a bunch of movement abilities and before anything you need to figure out exactly how to apply them to every obstacle. Some of them can be sort of interchanged sometimes but it's still precise as all hell, which means you just have to make yourself ""feel"" it: the correct timings of pressing all the buttons, etc. While better games rely on actual skill, maybe reaction time and quick thinking, this game makes you figure out and then memorize a sequence of inputs with ridiculous precision. Don't know about everyone else, but to me that's not what makes a challenge fun.I personally enjoy it when you can sort of ""master"" the game as a whole and then, hypothetically, if it threw more levels at you you wouldn't die even once since you're good enough. With this game it's practically impossible, because it's very dependent on trial and error. Essentially, in my opinion, it's taking the exact wrong things from challenging games it seems to have been inspired by and multiplies them tenfold. A good game rewards being adaptable, attentive, thinking quick, etc. This game rewards only the time you put in it, which manifests in you knowing how to pass every single obstacle. Sure, they might get easier and quicker to figure out and master if you're ""good"" enough at this ""game"", but is that really a skill you want to spend so much time developing?I'm not gonna touch on the art and music. Some of the music was nice, some of it extremely unmemorable. Some of the art is pretty, some is ugly and garish. Personally I'm not a fan of the main chatacter's sprite and animations, for example, but I'm not minding that when I give out my general opinion on the game.And the opinion is as follows: when it comes to challenging platformers, I think you should do yourself a favor, not buy into the idea that you need to prove something by overcoming this game's ridiculous challenge, and avoid it in favor of better indie platformers that might not quite demand as much but give back much more.Of course, if you read this review and got very excited for this game from my descriptions, by all means go ahead and get it. Although I urge you to reconsider and instead do something productive!"
,Recommended,318530,14188168,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,DankBank~,♥♥♥♥ing solgryn
,Recommended,318530,29281737,Posted: 15 January,all,BunnyChuChu,Great game all around and one of my favorites of all time. Some of the best and most challenging platforming and boss fights.It is incredibly well designed be all skill-based. The boss fights in particular are just amazing. Most attacks bosses do are able to be manipulated by how you approach the situation so it's in your hands as much as possible.My one major demarkation is the regular enemy combat which I did not enjoy so much. The aiming system is a little awkward and of course the game is unforgiving. The regular enemy combat took away from the platforming at times for me.There's a lot of fun to be had collecting all of the hidden cosmetic items which gives it some more replayability.
,Recommended,318530,15208669,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TakingDOOMP,Play if you like being challenged. Avoid if you like crying everytime you fail a jump and then have to write a 500 word essay about why the game is unfair.
,Recommended,318530,13990845,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Klisk,"This game is exactly like Yoshi's Island, except that there's spikes damn near everywhere, you die constantly, and the aesthetic is about as demonic as a Gwar album mixed with Nichijou.Would pay top dollar for a SNES port."
,Recommended,318530,27879666,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jackies_stories,"This game is like Dark souls just in 2Dand the main difference between Wings of Vi and 2D soulsborn games,is that Wings of Vi is based completely on your skilllike it"
,Recommended,318530,31571729,Posted: 5 May,all,HighCaliberTree,Would kill myself for these pixel graphics anyday.
,Recommended,318530,29402339,Posted: 21 January,all,✪ cry0 | bolt.gg,I play this with a keyboard. I no longer have a keyboard.angel boobs = 11/10 game ignbuy if you hate yourself
76561198079345753,Recommended,318530,31211377,Posted: 17 April,all,Hittichi,"Looking for a well made game, looking for a challange with that game? This is it.you will need dedication to get trough the game on normal. still unsure about getting the game? try the demo it doesnt disapoint as well."
,Recommended,318530,27423358,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WIN EASIEL,Great hardcore platformer with interesting gameplay mechanics.
76561198055915000,Recommended,318530,27988284,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Icemaniak Youtube,"It's challenging, but definitely worth the time and effort!"
,Recommended,318530,15056923,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Akka,From the store page: Wings of Vi aims to cut out arbitrary difficulty in favor of skill based gameplay.This game is nothing but a whole bunch of difficulty. Purchase it only if you've become the guy and/or the boshy. You won't get far in this game unless you have a lot of patience and timing.
,Recommended,318530,24760312,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ApexSpartan,"1. I wake up in the morning with sunshine over my face and a smile.2. I make myself a cup of coffee.3. I open my favorite streamers, forums, websites and browse a bit.4. I go out and stretch out a bit.5. I come back to have a shower.6. I sing in the showe and think to myself, ""What a wonderful day it is!""7. I decide to play Wings Of Vi.8. I do great, I laugh and I die a few times.9. I reach some jumping puzzle.10. I die over and over again.11. I pass the puzzle and now I'm super happy.12. Time for a boss fight.13. Beat the boss after a 10th time.14. I'm now mad.15. Reach another freakin' jumping puzzle/trap and die over 20 times.16. Turns off the game.17. Punches keyboard.18. Punches monitor.19. Pulls out a gun.20. Shoots myself.A very lovely and fun, but very frustrating game. There will times when you will do great and all of a sudden, out of nowehere you reach a part that you don't know how to pass and it is F R U S T R A T I N G.However once you remove the frustrating parts, after that it's a very beautiful game with beautiful art.PROS:-Angels-Boobs-Wings-Babes-Fun gameplay-Secrets-Character CustomizationsCONS:-Everything that pisses you off.8/10 game, worth for this amount of money if you got the nerves to play it."
76561198044660010,Not Recommended,318530,13423305,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tenwug,"If I could sum up my experience with Wings of Vi, I'd have to say that - in stark contrast to the advertising - it's an arbitrarily difficult game (Keep in mind this statement is coming from someone who has played through most of I Wanna Be the Guy). Though I have to admit the art style and environments are impressive, the gameplay itself is mediocre at best; you play as an angel Vi who, after letting loose an ancient demon, has to run around trying to stop him along with her friend Ruby (who usually makes the situation more complicated). This involves running around and making sure you don't fall into different traps, killing enemies with quite possibly the weakest offense in the game (at least starting off), and gaining different power ups along the way that enhance your platforming skills. However, before I continue, I want to address what specifically was good and bad:Good - As mentioned above, the aesthetics are great, and they're probably the only reason why I managed to play for so long. Along this, the character customization seems somewhat in depth, and what little I do know about the plot didn't turn me off from the experience.Bad - The game is most certainly arbitrarily difficult, and the game spikes in difficulty for no reason in certain places. Alongside this, the hit box can be incredibly fat at VERY crucial points. While the game does teach you certain basic elements of gameplay through showing instead of telling, this style of teaching is quickly tossed out the window in favor of the style of I Wanna Be the Guy - constant death, very little progress, and no hints as far as how to get through. Ultimately, the game fails to show you that you can indeed beat the game and have fun; by doing this, it loses all sense of reward.If you're dead set on playing this game, just wait until the price drops. Either that, or go on YouTube and watch someone else's playthrough of the game."
76561198215878617,Recommended,318530,34889737,Posted: 11 September,all,Wasdukannst,"Best game ever (at least until Roah is released).Do not buy this if you dislike fun, good game design or difficulty.Keep in mind that I'm not talking about dark souls levels of difficulty.This game harder by several orders of magnitude (on normal difficulty), so you should stay thehell away if you are prone to complaining about ""cheap deaths"" ""unfair gamedesign""""fake difficulty"" or whatever new buzzword peaple use to justify putting down a hard game.If that is not you, you will be able to enjoy some of the best platforming and bosses of your life aswell as a very good soundtrack, well thought out difficulty options and tons of replay value due tovarious optional modifiers and the sheer difficulty of this game's hard mode."
,Recommended,318530,32132242,Posted: 2 June,all,Arashi_Tempesta,"the game itself is a hardcore 2d platformer, it has 3 difficulty levels and the first one add a bunch of platforms so you dont rip your hair off, still, its not that hard to beat. The bosses are amazing and beating them in perfect gives you neat skins for vi, everything is unlockable in-game and you can even revisit areas if you forgot to do something there"
,Not Recommended,318530,29931222,Posted: 14 February,all,Kerma,"I can safely say this game isn't for me. So while you're reading this review, take into consideration that although this is coming from somebody who gave this game a decent shot, it's something that does not appeal to them at all.I honestly dont understand this genre of ""I Wanna Be The Guy But Not Really"" platformers. You die to the same instakill spikes 500 times and eventually you get past them to die to the next instakill spikes and have to do the first instakill spikes part all over again because there's no checkpoint for an entire half a level. When you finally get to a boss you are lucky if the game is courteous enough to throw you a bone and not make one of the bosses's moves a pixel wide box to dodge in or an instant attack with almost no wind up. Of course this is all on top of the fact that there is a good chance the bosses's moves are in a random pool and you can't predict what's coming next. Wings of Vi is no different.What I can say positively about this game from an objective standpoint: the art is pretty good, I like the music although it sounds a bit overproduced for the style it's going for at times. The secrets and collectibles are well hidden and make you go ""aha!"" when you find them, adding a sense of discovery to otherwise linear levels. There's actually a story and it seems decently put together (as far as I managed to get) but I found it hard to care about any of the characters. I like that you can customize your angel, and it's funny that you can make them look absolutely appalling to the point where you're generating enough particles and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that it makes the game harder to play.Otherwise, this game is appallingly frustrating to the point where I don't feel even the slightest urge to keep playing. How can I be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to complete a game when every screen is just a new formation of the same annoying tricks and instakill traps? I initially started out on Mortal difficulty, because I figured that it was the way the game was meant to be played, hard or not. The game kind of laughs at you for this by putting invisible checkpoints along the levels showing you ""if you played on easy here's all the points you COULD be respawning, but you won't be here!"". Eventually I just was done with backtracking halfway through a level just because I missed a jump or died to a midboss and went down to easy.On easy the bosses are much more manageable along with the enemies, but there's still the annoying jumps that will most likely instakill you. You are given more checkpoints so you can practice each of these jumps more often without having to do a large portion of the level, but it's still a frustrating annoying jump that isn't fun in the slightest. You are pulling hairs constantly in this game, it just feels like trials and ordeals you have toendure, notenjoy. That is the fundamental reason I do not understand people's appeal for these games, it's just pain and misery until you move on to a bigger pain and misery. In games that are hard but not impossible to progress through for the first time like La Mulana and Dark Souls, you are given rewards for your continued attempts to get better, and eventually when you do get past the roadblock you feel accomplished because the game has slowly pushed you along to help you get better at these. With IWBTG-Likes (yes I know this isn't much like it, but it's the best name for the genre I can come up with) you are not given rewards for continuned play and attempts, you are punished. The only thing the game gives you is a death counter if you turn it on, which is just another way to laugh at your feebled corpse lying at the bottom of a pit.So of course there is no way in hell I can personally recommend this game. I didn't enjoy my time playing it at all and I can't give it a pass just because I feel like a small genre of people might like it if they're masochistic enough. I feel like game design like this is punishing, not rewarding, and if I want to get abuse from something I'll just talk to my extended family instead of playing video games."
76561197983412898,Not Recommended,318530,16372301,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"For a game who's description involves specifically avoiding arbitrary difficulty, that is how all the difficulty of the game is generated.  There are better games to play."
,Recommended,318530,13148503,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Smasheroonie,"I've played this game up until the second boss and these are my conclusions thus far, in a nutshell:-DIFFICULT-If you like retro, pixelated art styles, this game has a pretty damn good one.-Good mix of DIFFICULT platforming puzzles and simple but challenging combat, until you learn how to deal with all the enemy types.-Throws you right into the action.-Provides a lot of unlockable customisation that you can equip on your character as you progress.-Storyline leaves much to the imagination but enough information is given to motivate the player.-DIFFICULTController is recommended. Keyboard is usable but gives you quite a disadvantage.Buy this game now if you are interested, because it is on sale as of my writing this review. I'd say it's worth the full price too if you miss the sale."
76561197973935543,Not Recommended,318530,16402193,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tamarocker88,"Challenging? Yes.  In all the wrong ways?  You bet!  Most platforming in this game is extremely precise to the point that you'll have to die repeatedly to memorize how to perfectly squeeze through obstacles to avoid insta-death.  Checkpoints are available, but it doesn't make this feel like any less of a grind.  It's not a challenge because it is difficult to master, it's a challenge because practically every instance of platforming requires absolute perfection or else you die."
76561198058210208,Recommended,318530,13219924,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Oshiri Overdose,"I got a red mark on my forehead from facepalming so many times.The pain, i just can't stop...nnnNNNNNNNG!!!!Will write an actual review when i git gud."
76561198083003979,Recommended,318530,30294159,Posted: 3 March,all,H.y.BabaDook,u want to feel some relaxation...u want to clear your mind....play wings of vi and say goodbye to all your stressgame is so easy and great its like setting on the beach and listening to the ocean sound with some classic music background.
76561198035018019,Not Recommended,318530,19153180,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,A_Gulper_Eel,"The game does not have customable input, and the one set by default on my controler are very unpractical, B is for restarting  right next to all the other button i need to use and i keep pressing it by accident when i need to be fast, totaly ruined the experience for me, even the nes had games with custumable input so there is no excuse."
,Not Recommended,318530,19353116,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,aids,"This game genuinely makes me want to hang myself.Well then again it is made by Solgryn, the sadist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who made I Wanna Be the Boshy.No amount of angel cleavage is worth the horrific agony this game will give you. Keep away if you value sanity."
76561198058653272,Not Recommended,318530,16282566,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kudaaj,"Do you like getting frustrated, stuck in one little area for sometimes up to an hour?Do you like dieing over and over again? Making you feel like an incompatent gamer?Come play Wings of VI!!!I've been playing this game steady for a day, I do not recommend buying it, due it not being the least bit fun.Why?People don't play games to be stuck in tight-knit situations in which there is not even a way outA lot of the game is jumping platform to platform trying to get through a little area, there is 99% of the time only ONEway through the stage.On normal difficulty I am at 450 deaths at about 30% way done the game....I've played my fair share of hard games, but this game is just ♥♥♥♥in' stupid.Spoiler:One boss the dark machine (Can't remember the name) Is a boss which walks towards you, bombarding you with barrages of attacks, a razor blade, rockets, lazors, lazors x2, more rockets, and an undodgeable at times, ""floor fire."" (Some times the floor is covered with fire, with NO escape. No you can't fly over it, you must take the damage, mind i add, the boss seems to bug, IMO, flooding the floor with fire than it is supposed to, I say this because there is no ♥♥♥♥ing way a person can beat this boss without cheats and not take a single hit, the ONLY way, would be if you didn't get fire on the floor, ♥♥♥♥ ya RNG.)Hell.One part of the game, you have to hit a button, which initiates about a 3 second countdown and then race from point A to B before the timer goes out, or the door will shut, and you will die.you are left with no less than a split millisecond to be able to get through the door.I feel the creators of this platformer actually had taken the fun out of a possibly good game, but in the end created a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥poorly programmed bad game.Take some time to put a little work in to your♥♥♥♥♥♥project, maybe people will actually ENJOY playing it and not frustrated with every room. you come acrossWings of vi in particular, a bad investment, you will buy it and not beat it, I'm going to continue playing it and beat it for the simple fact people actually believe this game is impossibleWhich is partially true,So yeah, if you really do enjoy dieing and doing the same room over and over and over again untill you ""skillfully"" pass it, good job, you got 400 more rooms that are harder coming up."
,Recommended,318530,13158516,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,WolFe,"Man, this is worth every penny and some I think. The art style shines and the music sings to your ears as you rip away in this world. Even on the easiest difficulty, it gives you a sense of pride when you finally get through something. The first boss alone kicked my butt for at least an hour, even though it seems so simple, it is hard to get through just him alone. I give props to the dev and all the work in this art piece of a game. I'm glad to have picked it up, and honestly, I think you should too!"
,Recommended,318530,14349222,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Crollus,"This game will slap your♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 soundtrack, great art style, smooth controls, lots of great boss fights, bouncing angel boobs."
76561198074753930,Recommended,318530,17391878,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,bloks27,"Very challenging, yet oddly addicting.    There is also a great community and dev team backing this game, so that's always swell.  10/10"
,Recommended,318530,14502477,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Silly,Literally harder to beat than cancer! Love it!
,Recommended,318530,13327284,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Satori,If you're here for sexy angels in skimpy clothing; hit the road.if you're here for 2d platforming and desk banging rage; you've found the perfect game.
76561198037871227,Recommended,318530,17387907,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pandora,really hard and fun game
,Recommended,318530,14344238,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TheGamerGuy500,"Review powered by soda and lack of sleep.Let me first start off with some facts. There once was a man called GamerGuy500. He loved boshy, and found Wings of Vi, which became his peak interest. This is his story.I've played the alpha version and immediately fell in love with this game. Later played the older ""beta"" prototype, and it was quite the experience. I was very interested what went on behind the curtains and the whole development cycle.I tried what I have never tried to do before: make friends with a popular game developer.I failed. Badly. SOLGRYN PLS :CThat being said, I still like this game despite its butt-ripping difficulty while being kept motivated by the lovely art assets.It's a game of hot angels and scary demons.Too bad I have a mac. So I had to download the game and run it through WineSkin to make it work with my mac. it runs great aside a few minor graphics bugs. Don't let that 5 hours on record fool you, I've been playing it outside steam on my mac for over 30 hours beyond that.I don't know what else to say about it. It has made me some good twitch highlights, laugh at the awesome references from secrets, question my existence, wake up everybody, and much more.Solgryn your game isbrokegood."
,Recommended,318530,16376142,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ringo ✪,This game is REALLLYYY fun
76561198048043960,Recommended,318530,16372113,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Inari,Absolutely disgustingly challenging... I like that.
,Recommended,318530,29652124,Posted: 2 February,all,omni homeless,finally a decent game no easy way out like dark souls 9999/5 i bought it for 3 friends and they tried it and never played it again they are afriad of it
,Recommended,318530,13321942,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,A Pink Sentient Switchblade,"It's an addicting game, but extremely hard to say the least. I mean, I started out with the regular difficulty, but ended up starting a new game in angel mode and I'm still dying 20,30,40 times to move to the next checkpoint. Definitely Megaman style alright. Not that there's an issue with that, but it's not necessarily my coup de foudre.The only flaw in my opinion is this: despite what the description said, there ARE pixel perfect jumps. A lot of the time, I'm dying a lot just to get past one certain jump because you have to time your flutter just right.All in all, good, but a little over the top."
,Recommended,318530,13358528,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,zxcv,"It's an excellent game i got exactly what i was looking for, i'm playing it on mortal mode and im loving it so far... it's quite difficult so it feels very good to progress through the game :)The boss fights are very fun :D"
,Recommended,318530,13796228,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,prower,"This game is good. All the bugs people were complaining about seem to be fixed (or at least, I hardly noticed any). Crisp, difficult platformer with some nice-looking ""retro"" pixel art and pretty tight controls.Pros: Difficult but fair. Never felt like the game was cheating; all of the challenges could be accomplished by better execution. This game is NOT a ""I Wanna Be The Guy"" style where it just throws random deaths at you repeatedly. Nice artwork. The achievements/character customizations are a nice touch. Progression was enjoyable.Cons: Easy mode may still be too difficult for a lot of people, especially the later sections (underworld/path of exile) will make some people really frustrated. It's no surprise that less than 2% of people have actually beaten the final boss, according to achievement stats. Would have been cool to be more ""Metroid-like"" in that new movement abilities could unlock areas/secrets in previous sections, but that's really minor.Overall: Really fun, but you need a high tolerance for repeating the same section/bosses over and over--not due to luck, but simply learning and obtaining the skill to get past some areas. If you liked Super Meat Boy you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,318530,14731660,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,CrEaTiOnZ2790,"To Be honest this is the hardest platform game i have ever played, i wouldn't recommend this game to people who get frustrated easily or doesnt like a challenge, but if you like challenging platformers then this is the game for you"
,Recommended,318530,13333343,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TheMerryMeatMan,"This game is nothing short of phenomenal. It's odd twist on classic platforming elements make it uniquely challenging and fun to play, and creative character designs make the world extremely entertaining. While I don't really care for the supporting female character (her slefishness and sass aren't e very good combination, but that's just personal preference), Vi and Myougi play off of each other in a great way."
,Recommended,318530,13291982,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lies in Reality,"WARNING: This game is hard, you will die. This fate is unadvoidable. But dont give up, this game is also really fun.I highly recommend it to anyone that likes a challenging side scroller. Its worth every cent."
76561198087945582,Recommended,318530,13317501,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TomatoHotel,"I like it. It's a hard game that's for sure, but two things about it are just enough to keep me interested in the difficult and frusterating gameplay. Female protagonist because that's always interesting (the female aesthetic can be appreciated if done respectfully) and unique theme and design. If there's a criticism to be had though it would be that it's a tad on the corny side with the almost adolescent design of Vi and the other ""sexy women"" featured here (jiggling anyone?) but I guess it can be overlooked as a toungue in cheek sort of thing. It's not like they are trying to hide it, but maybe the game could have benefited from a bit more creativity in the clothing department. Art's not perfect though so we have to take the ability of the developers into consideration and respect and appreciate what they have done with that.Anyway here are some key points for those of you looking to purchase it.Don't play it if you have problems with these gameplay points.1. Precise (and I do mean precise) manuevering is REQUIRED. Wasted movements will kill you. The controls are tight and fluid so it will likely never be the games fault that you died.2. Every part of the game is hard. You'll probably find yourself stuck just on the obstacles for awhile before getting the hang of it. Same thing goes for bosses.3. Some of the bosses have tells but they tend to be unpredictable; within reason sometimes and others not, this will depend on you.4. This game  isn't for casuals even if you play on easy mode. Be prepared to die a lot either way. You won't get by often by taking damage to complete a portion so don't expect to.5. Although the developers claim this games difficulty is skill based as opposed to creating arbitrary difficulty I would have to disagree if you're the type of person to struggle with timing and precision. It does get seemingly random and unfair at times but nothing at all really changes about the way things work. So if you are struggling it isn't likely from what I have observed that this is the games fault.If you decide to purchase the game then good luck. It's interesting and rubs off on you immediately with a bit of patience. It's hard not to like Vi and her friends."
76561198079258862,Recommended,318530,13279785,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Schlomo Goldbergstien,This game will ♥♥♥♥ing destroy you. even on the easiet dificulty you will get obliterated again and again and again. if you want a challenge get this game.
,Recommended,318530,13793123,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[RMB]Cats in 3D,This game is great. nearly perfect if it wasnt for some minor glitches
,Recommended,318530,13280494,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,YA BOY BARKO,"Amazing, but 2difficult4miWhile an amazing game with baeutiful spritework, smooth controls, solid and well based mechanics and an intrinsically lovely story, the platforming in the game is excruciating on any difficulty.I mean it was giving me goddamn anal prolapse just to get past the first level. While I understand that Wings of Vi is meant to showcase intensely difficult platforming (which it more than does) the learning curve is very disheartening. There is a section of the first level, which is presumably a forecast of most of the game, where, even on easy difficulty one slight error spells death and I mean if you jumpone millimetretoo late, you're straight up ♥♥♥♥ed. fortunately the game has unlimited lives, and doesn't penalize you for the no doubt infinite retries you will need.so while the game is harder than dark souls, its certainly not cheap, but it is infuriating. expect a level of difficulty that will turn you into James Rolfe's alter Ego after just five minutes."
76561198011008050,Recommended,318530,22360988,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Gyrohullu,"The game is great, but quite difficult. I haven't beaten it myself (after 43 hours).Thankfully the penality for death is not so grave. There is a ""hardcore"" mode available once one beats the game along with other modifiers for the replay value.The controls take a bit of familiarizing, but are quite comfortable once rebound.This game is the best and definetly the most precise platformer I've played in a while.I love the visuals and the soundtrack. The setup is the basic good vs evil, but it doesn't have to be that complicated for a good game."
76561198060561012,Recommended,318530,18947257,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,-[FF]- Jan Itor,You pushed your luck way too far with the underwater minecart. Officially done playing this game. It is a really fun game and I recommend it for anyone to try but that minecart? No. I'm not finishing this game.
76561197982831995,Recommended,318530,22076697,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ighost03,"i really love this game, it does everything right.  but i cannot play it as i'm not good enough.  thats the only down side, this game is very VERY difficult."
,Recommended,318530,18166529,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SOS-団 | Elven Red,"Sexy angels 10/10Broke a controller playing this, would break again"
,Recommended,318530,19595023,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[HCLI] SpookyHeart,"I refunded this game because of how much this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but right after refunding it, I regreted it. It's really great if you like hard platformers, but it's really frustration."
,Recommended,318530,19379728,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Helliaca,The things I have done to the respawn-button... I dont think its legal... (ಠ_ಠ)6271/10 would press R again.
,Recommended,318530,19324986,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Christmas is a way of life,"Frustrating and difficult, but look at those boobs. 10/10"
,Recommended,318530,14169417,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lazy Bones,375+ deaths and I've only beaten the second boss. 375/10
76561198085811554,Recommended,318530,14121639,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Jlepbl4,"Be an angelShoot, Fly, Die"
,Recommended,318530,13976884,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,suzu,dark souls is some ASMR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t compared to this monster
,Recommended,318530,14178612,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Full Autismo,It's a Solgryn game. It's hard as hell. Play it.
76561198032704239,Recommended,318530,14116279,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,死ね,Wings Of vi 2 hype ?
,Not Recommended,318530,16345867,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lunaclysm,"Difficult game - absolutely love the boss fights, they're common and filled with a variety of mechanics and fast-paced action. However, I absolutely hate the level design - it feels very much like a subpar Super Meat Boy clone, with its very tight controls and obstacle placement that demands perfection. I'd end up switching back and forth between different save files, Angel / Mortal (the lesser difficulties) for solving ""puzzles"" the first time (figuring out the timings for jumps / mine carts / gliding / hitting switches / etc), and then back to Demon (the harder difficulty) so I could actually enjoy the boss fights rather than annihilating them. If you like hard games, you'll enjoy this, and again, boss fights are phenomenal, especially since many of them enrage when they get low on health, adding or changing existing mechanics as well as speeding up, but I found the level design to be a tad too frustrating for my taste.It's really hard for me to decide whether to recommend this or not - if I could compare the amount of time I had fun with this game (and some parts are a LOT of fun) with the amount of time I was frustrated, I'm pretty sure it does not balance out in this game's favor."
76561198039337300,Recommended,318530,15976079,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,James,"I was going to wait until I beat the game to review it. Then I realized it may be quite some time before I accomplish that. I'm playing on Mortal difficulty, basically the game's medium toughness.I'm about 20% done with the game (excluding collectibles), and there are times when I spend twenty+ minutes on a single set of obstacles, dying over and over as I try desperately to clear them.This game is hard, but every death is your fault. The controls are tight, graphics beautiful for their style, and Vi is the cutest angel I've ever seen.If you don't mind the teeth-grinding hellish difficulty, pick this one up. It's a gem for sure."
,Recommended,318530,13838358,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Hypemaster,"Not done yet. But if you want a game that will make you more salty than a bottle of gatorade, get this."
,Recommended,318530,15089381,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Stormstrike,"Amazing game so far, really recommend it."
,Recommended,318530,15678571,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Scarlet,"I really love this game a lot, so much that i even made a YTPMV off of one of the songs in the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtI_TlDYCmki recommend this game to anyone with a taste for difficulty and fun. this is one of my favorite games of all time :)"
,Recommended,318530,15043066,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Arcana,I would have an easier time getting my entire life back in order than I would have trying to beat this game.
,Recommended,318530,13709886,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SillySixPin,"It's a really hard game, but still very fun. The art style is very pleasant and polished, When you die, you get animations of how you died. The enemies with fire or projectiles have light effects. There are varieties of environments. There are different difficulties but the game is still pretty hard, however it's really rewarding once you're able to complete a stage, because you probably dies a lot of times to get here."
,Recommended,318530,21628833,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Makerrcat,"You've already heard all the other people praise the game, but I though I might as well add that the game has fightstick support. Or at least my Quanba Fusion works with it. So that's cool."
,Recommended,318530,29047795,Posted: 5 January,all,Sam,I'm glad I've never played a game harder than Wings of Vi.
,Recommended,318530,13171739,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RT | Poco!,"I like this game, it's fun.Difficult platformer that demands you conserve your jumps and powers and whatnot to clear obstacles.Kinda like how you needed to preserve your jetpack in the sanctuary in Cave Story.It's worth noting that unlike ""hard"" platformers like IWBTG, this one respects your time, and you won't be killed by a background prop or something, you will know exactly why you died.I have not encountered any glitches thus far.The easy mode will still ask you to challenge yourself, while not being cruel, and I'm sure that if you're looking for a blisteringly difficult game that will kill you endlessly, you will not be disappointed with the higher difficulties.Also when I found the ponytail accessory I squealed. There are plenty of secrets to be found here!"
76561198102773101,Not Recommended,318530,17336726,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ZombieMew,"Well I gave my friend a try at this game, and she struggled to get pass the tutorial. When she finally got through it, she continously died in the first stage. We then teamed up to try and get passed it. She moved the character, i would attack. 2 hours later, we're still on stage one. This game is too hard for us, but if thats what you're looking for then, this is the game for you."
76561197989966807,Recommended,318530,13385724,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bot Roh,"Die, to spikes, Die to monster, die to spikes, die to monster die to spikes, die to monster, die to spikes die to nothing? Checkpoint? OH GODS YES A MEANINGLESS SENSE OF ACHIEVEMENT.Welcome to Wings of Vi a game which claims to take out the arbitrary difficulty and install a system of skill based gameplay.However last I checked battering your head off a brick wall was not a skill valued outside of a mental institute.There seems to have been somewhat of a surge of games claiming to be skill based after the rise of the ""souls"" series. Wings of Vi seems to be the latest iteration of games in this series taking the tired formula of platforming and smearing a paste of overly tuned jumps and puzzles at you. Then claiming that these mentally simple but executionally hard puzzles are something only the skifull one wil be able to beat when in reality the age old formula of hitting rocks withe other rocks again and agains until one is vaguely wheel shaped works far better. Expect puzzles that can be mentally solved by your second try but you are unable to beat for hours on end because of the precise requirements and oh every complaint about checkpoint systems being validated ever.Complaining about the puzzles so far I've found said puzzles sadly linear. Far from the open spaces of They bleed pizels mid levels a series of tight spaces prevails here which can only be beat by a series of sequentially input in time button combinations. Oh look, we're learning button combos? May as well go play Street fighter, Blazblue, guilty gear, Mortal Kombat, Persona 4 Golden Arcade or any other fighting game because at least you will get internet famous playing those.That said the boss fights(one of them at this point but i've heard good things browsing the forum) have been entertaining so far to say the least. They give a face to the repeated grindfest giving you a desire to punch Myougis Chortling face in with your angel stick that combined with the dialogue gives you a good reason to get invested in the characters. These are the skillful areas we were promised with a difficulty level that can be beaten first time if you're good but probably won't be. Really this is what I would like to see more of with smoother less frustrating filler levels ( or more puzzle based seeing as the game is already basically a series of execution based puzzles) to prepare us for each boss.In addition the customization in this game is pretty extensive with secrets abound for obsessives definatly a stength of the game with which i can find few flaws beyond the get item immediately equip it cycling you can expect from such a system that doesn't really give you time to play dress up properly. The music doesn't seem to be anything to write home about, monotonous and repetitive it serves it's purpose but rarely excites me and is more there it seems to blend the minutes into hours into days.Finally those Angels are damn adorable and this is why I'm giving it a thumbs up. Sure it's not my type of game beyond Adorable Angels, playing dress up and a platformer style but for those who enjoy the mega hard ""look mama I got masochist of the year award...again!"" gameplay theres definatly a solid game here at a good price point with a nice aesthetic."
,Not Recommended,318530,14548332,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I am on the fence about this game. On one hand, it is an incredibly well-done platformer. On the other, the difficulty is almost too much. It begins to take the fun out of the game at some points. I will keep playing, but this borders on not fun for me.Get it on a sale."
,Not Recommended,318530,16608110,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Flippo The Hippo,"Unless you hate yourself and love games with required near perfect jump combos, don't pick up this game.  Even if that does sound fun for you, I'd reccomend VVVVVV over this."
76561198009183614,Recommended,318530,26492568,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Swish,Game is okay.
,Recommended,318530,13433960,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Shasko,I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS GAME... *while pressing R to respawn10/10 would play for 1000 deaths more
76561198029793050,Recommended,318530,13402765,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bread,"Tight controls, great music, appealing visuals and a perfect balance of difficulty. Wings of Vi is possibly one of the best platformers I've played in the last few years.I found myself truly stumped by some areas but I could never bring myself to admit defeat, always giving it another go since I could see myself getting closer every time I tried. The boss fights are also frequent and varied, each bringing a new set of skills to the table for you to learn and overcome.The only thing letting the game down right now is a few bugs, but the devs are currently working on those and adjusting game balance. This support for the game has shown how much the devs care for making Wings of Vi a joy to play and I hope it will continue well in to the future.If you were hesitant of buying the game you can try the free demo and see what it's all about.I recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenge."
76561198043320983,Recommended,318530,19258214,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bum Boy,"Wings of Vi is a Real-Time Strategy fantasy beat-'em-up platformer with some RPG elements mixed into the boiling pot of  underworld fecking nonsense that is Wings of Vi.You begin the game in downtown Detroit, Michigan, where your grandpa is chained to the wall outside the local malt shop. He beckons you over and says: 'Hey, Brucie,"" (Your name is Donald.) ""Fetch me some of that wockin' woll!""You are so taken aback by his fluency in baby wanguage that you fall backwards into a hole in the sidewalk. This hole transports you to a magical land of scantily clad manger babies that welcome you with open, peanut-butter-stained arms. From then on, you embark on an epic quest to save the world from the evil Qhrist Master, who views all life as futile and thinks you're a total dink. You ride your sick flaming chariot of incendiary butts through green forests, snowy mountains, the SKY, and a few castles with ducks in 'em.Epic quests insue as you continue on your epic quest, slaying man and beast to save the world, as well as sate your disgusting thirst for human blood, you sick Edward-Cullen-Lookin'-Aas-Metherfecker.In conclusion, Wings of Guy is a most top notch game about learning what it truly means to pee standing up, regardless of what type of junk you got down there. I'm looking at you, ladies. Hey. How's it going? You... want to get some ice cream after I finish typing this review? Ok, bye....Crushed Spirits/10"
,Recommended,318530,13233980,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,draculantern,sexy angels and scary demons
,Recommended,318530,23718679,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Horsemask,Challenging with great ost. Love it
,Recommended,318530,13262926,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,It's boshy time.
76561198042023990,Recommended,318530,24304314,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Phantom Smile,I kind of miss when this was qt angel racing sim. Now all this game makes me do is cry.
,Recommended,318530,15117304,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Xelphyr,I am crying.
,Recommended,318530,13493603,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TiVoKen,"I'ts like your first time playing a Dark Souls game, but in 2D!"
76561198146599585,Recommended,318530,21881813,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lenny,"if you want to suffer a stroke , this is your game"
,Recommended,318530,13409175,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Magical Zombie Moe Princess Eva,Wonderfully challenging metroid-vania styled platformer. Challenging but rewarding.
,Recommended,318530,20671436,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Supreme Jeh'Oul,pr'goras reminds me of my dadhe ♥♥♥♥s me repeatingly
,Recommended,318530,20917075,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Inc,Solgryn i ̶H̶A̶T̶E̶ Love you <3 11 breaking controllers of 10
,Recommended,318530,16358752,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lueshie [GorePixelGames],"If you like skill games , you will love this."
,Recommended,318530,13232908,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,The Guiggles,"Hard as balls""It's okay."" -IGN 9/10"
,Recommended,318530,13351113,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Uxi,Fun and challanging platformer.
,Not Recommended,318530,16302155,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bill Teh Butcher,"i really did like this game. but i haven't been able to get very far.in light of steams new refund policy i am currently trying to get a refund. but it says my purchase was incomplete for whatever reason so now i'm going to have to wait forever and hope steam even reviews my problem. the game was good, but whenever i died (this is a difficult platformer), the screen goes black but you can still hear the game going. i tried getting help in the community forum but nothing the developer told me to do worked and i got stuck with a $10 game that doesn't work.i really wanted to finish this game, but it's hard to do when you have to exit and restart the game every time you die. good game, i just had a bad experience"
,Recommended,318530,17241021,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,siyooooooooooi,Buy it now
76561198069291744,Recommended,318530,23382564,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,EleventhWorldStudios,i hired a dominatrix to bind & whip me while i play this game to enhance the experience which might explain why i have died so many times10/10 would vi again
,Recommended,318530,13578865,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ddrei,drives me crazy. i love it!
,Recommended,318530,13631514,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tentai,0/10 2 ez m8s
76561198273056479,Recommended,318530,21172694,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Logan,I found an item that turns my weapon into a ponytail.
,Recommended,318530,29895801,Posted: 13 February,all,June Flower,"One day, some guy said that Sans from undertale was the hardest challenge ever made in any video game. I shoved a copy of Wing of Vi up his♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993325156,Recommended,318530,24072711,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,RIon,"This game is one of the hardest game ever created. I finally beat the game on mortal mode.  I reccommend this game to anybody;however, if you have an invida card like i do, you might exprience slow downs, Other than that, the game is pretty awesome. Honestly, once the game froze on me do Invidia 2GB card but if you have an  ATI  card, you should be good to go. Most of the time, the game ran well for me."
,Recommended,318530,34749994,Posted: 4 September,all,Mojave,Awesome game. Can't wait for Roah. That game's going to be lit that.
,Not Recommended,318530,13462773,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Horace,"Game is hard, if you like hard games, this game is for you. I was looking forward to this after seeing some streams of it, but i'm dissapointed. Angel difficulty is still hard as hell, dispite the description stating that the bosses have less health and abilities. Also, its only partially true that this game cuts out arbitrary difficulty. When you're just moving around a stage with normal enemies, if you die, it's on you. But during boss fights, most of my deaths have been on the boss, not me. If you enjoy a challenge like THIS, i would give me game an 8.5/10, but my personal rating for it is a 6/10, at least until the difficulty levels are balanced out a little bit more, specifically making angel made actually an easy mode compared to the others.Soundtrack is lovely though."
76561198071207929,Not Recommended,318530,25466117,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bloblis,"This game has a problem with save files. I would recommend backing up your save files if you want to play this game. The secrets are fun to collect and the platforming is tight, but the boss fights are tedious and a pain to play through. I WOULD recommend this game if my save file did not randomly corrupt."
,Not Recommended,318530,23387395,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ekleziast,"It is VERY challenging. Not in a good way. It’s outright frustrating, because it demands top-notch precision in almost every jump you make. So, basically, if you make one small mistake, if you are one bit slower or faster than required - you fail and start from the last checkpoint.I like challenging games, but only when the challenge makes some sense. The idea of a nice platformer with a cute customizable protagonist with gradually opening abilities seems solid, but this game is so much more tiresome than entertaining."
,Not Recommended,318530,18935032,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mfcrocker,"I really didn't enjoy this very much. The level design is poor, the music grates very quickly and I'm just not a fan of the scantily-clad anime girl character design.I was expecting a challenge a bit like Super Meat Boy; this is solidly more I Wanna Be The Guy. If you enjoy that sort of thing, this'll be your kinda game."
,Recommended,318530,14448815,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Batty Ruberband Thunerstorm,Okay game.Too easy.
,Recommended,318530,13165518,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Okyaku-sama Dozo ! ! !,You play as my waifu and waif it up.
,Recommended,318530,13142598,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,crustyEddy,I came when I heard about this game<3 SolgrynThe difficulty is balanced very well and is incredibly rewarding
76561198040833301,Not Recommended,318530,14454632,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,volmat,"This game largely consists of trial-and-error nonsense and built-in clunkiness to make the game more difficult. If you want a good example of what you will be buying, google Cat Mario and you will have a remarkably similar experience. Bosses are incredibly random at times and can stand around doing nothing for 5 seconds or throw 2-3 mechanics in your face at once.  By far the most clunky aspect of this game is Vi's attacks after you get the ability to shoot three orbs and 'melee detection' comes into play. Regardless of your timing orbs will continue to shoot even in if the enemy is an inch in front of your face. I have no idea what the developer was thinking here but it absolutely does not function correctly.  The second half of the game is so buggy you will find yourself falling through platforms and enemies will continue attacking you after they are killed. This is particularly true with melee enemies where if you kill them there is still a few seconds where they can attack you despite their model being invisible.  Bosses will not spawn forcing you to commit suicide to reset the area and one boss can clip completely out of their area making the fight significantly more ""difficult."" Its like the game is half finished.Sound is what you would expect from this sort of title. Certainly nothing special but it is probably the least criticizable part of the game. Story is completely forgettable but that is sort of to be expected once again.tl;dr go play limbo."
,Recommended,318530,23808716,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BelueRF,"After playing up to the first boss I can safely say that I am going to thoroughly enjoy the game. Of course, I am a complete masochist and perfectionist in these type of games and love it. This game is for lovers of the platformer genre that want something of extreme difficulty but without the extreme cheapness that tends to go hand in hand with that kind of difficulty.I have not experienced the whole game yet, so my opinion might change. But for now I recommend this to anyone who wants this kind of extreme difficulty."
,Recommended,318530,13216822,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,Controller works now after a couple weeks of waiting for updates.  Now I just have to play fullscreen windowed so the game doesn't go black screen when I die.
,Not Recommended,318530,15040429,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,StrangeAxle,"Game devs:  ""How do we make things hard?  Put♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERYWHERE, and make your attack garbage and put all attacks on one button to make it context use only, and make some corridors tight, but with enemies ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere, and make some segments force the player to take damage to get through them!""I don't even care anymore Dark Annihilator is all I got to (third boss).When devs start realizing Ikaruga-style bullethell and memorization isn't ♥♥♥♥ing amusing, just tedium, I'll stop hating.  But devs putting♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the screen makes me tell them ""♥♥♥♥ off right to hell, dude."" really.  I can get past the precision platforming.  I love platformers.  But the bosses are pure autism.  And if DA keeps killing me?  Then I can only imagine it gets worse.Games that keep track of your deaths also♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  I'd always anticipate seeing if the game ridicules you for how many deaths you have at the end of the game.  Y'know a nice little ""You suck"" message if you died more than 10 times in it.  I'd flip the bird right to these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.With all the aforementioned factors, you will die.  There's even a ""Doomed"" option where you die with only one hit.  Now, c'mon.  It's not even possible with some of the forced damage I had to take getting through the laser segment before DA."
,Recommended,318530,13196860,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Zoph,"a very challengin but rewarding game , but the only thing i really dislike is the saves.I played through to the 4th boss and lost my safefile :("
76561198040204879,Recommended,318530,23814280,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sage,"This is my favourite game, my all time favourite. Thank you so much Solgryn, cant wait for your new game btw"
76561198039353072,Recommended,318530,13233295,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Practical,"Runs smooth as butter, interesting environments, but holy ♥♥♥♥ the hitboxes are annoying and the paths of some enemies are just unfair as hell, also the enimes take no knockback whatsoever so if one is charging at you in a confined area you are going to take a hit no matter what. its a great game, challenging as promised. For the wrong reasons I think though."
76561198043778613,Recommended,318530,27558094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sum Ting Wong,Hard as heck
76561198044140048,Recommended,318530,19611005,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,=(e)= Spat856,Its a good Metroidvania game and it doesn't hold back on difficulty!
,Recommended,318530,13137452,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ujaya,It's a platformer by Solgryn ( who made I wanna be the Boshy )Prepare to break your R key
76561198105539140,Not Recommended,318530,13998669,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,AkiraNarukami,"It is only possible to enjoy this game if you are a masochist. Seriously... This game is BEYOND frustrating, and I could swear the developer HATES gamers. That's literally the only explanation I can come up with as to why this game is so infuriatingly hard, and I MEAN that in the WORST way possible. The only redeeming factor of this game is its art design, and story, which are both interesting and appealing in more ways than one (if you catch my drift). However, I do feel like this game could benefit from being a LOT easier and accessible. So, as a personal favor to Grynsoft, PLEASE make the sequel, or your next game easier. I WANT to LIKE Wings of Vi, but, I just can't...This game is harder than Shin Megami Tensei IV, and that game is only hard because of its poorly designed map, and lack of clear instructions for side quests. I feel like Wings of Vi is extremely cheap in its difficulty, but I wouldn't be as frustrated if I DIDN'T like the game. I do. It's addicting, and the controls are tight and responsive, and again, that art style. I love the retro aesthetic; it's something I am drawn to, even if... the actual game itself is kind of a piece of garbage.Grynsoft, baby, I love ya, but dammit, this♥♥♥♥♥♥s gotta stop!Let me reiterate my point. I wouldn't be as frustrated if I didn't like the game. I do, but I just wish it wasn't as hard as it is. I love it, but I don't LOOOOOVE it.5/10+Great art direction+Appealing retro aesthetic is pleasing throughout+Character customization+Great, responsive controls-Difficulty-Plenty of cheap deaths-Developer obviously hates everyone and everything-Level design is extremely infuriating throughout the gameNext time, Gryn, don't make a game with♥♥♥♥♥♥level design."
76561198012732838,Not Recommended,318530,23074877,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CyanEyed,The unsatisfying trial-and-error gameplay became annoying almost immediately.
,Recommended,318530,13174700,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wire_Wolf,This game is varry fun but it is rather hard.
,Not Recommended,318530,20171278,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"""The game... [cuts] out the arbitrary difficulty of hidden traps and pixel-perfect jumps in favor of skill based gameplay"" is by far the most untrue statement I have ever seen claimed on a Steam Store page.Wings of Viconsist of nothing more than pixel-perfect jumps made infuriating by the control scheme (who the ♥♥♥♥ splits a glorified double-jump across two buttons?) and increasingly artificial, arbitrary difficulty. What happened to the so-called inspiration ofMega Man? Did it start and end at 'side-scrolling pixel platformer'? Give me a break; rubbish not worth suffering through, pretty as the art may be."
76561197967217161,Not Recommended,318530,22025983,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,HonestFlames,"Doesn't work when I plug an Xbox controller in. Seems this is a common bug that hasn't been fixed in some time.Going to try to get this refunded, as it's completely pointless unless I can use a controller."
,Recommended,318530,27406518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unranked,"The Best Game Ever, Needs To Win A Steam Award!"
,Recommended,318530,13171399,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zac,Super difficult yet fun game.
76561197968188600,Not Recommended,318530,16605765,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Outrider,"I don't recommend this game, but at the same time, I don't think it's bad. Everyone's reviews I had read about this game said this game was difficult. But there is a difference between difficult and memorizing boss attacks. You will die dozens of times to make progress on bosses by memorizing their attacks so you can dodge. However, they change at about 50% health, so be prepared to die dozens more. If anything, it is poor game design that makes me not approve."
,Recommended,318530,27894099,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheDudeTV,I cry everytime
76561198048505130,Recommended,318530,31923357,Posted: 23 May,all,metalfox57,"Amazing game, I LOVE IT!!!"
,Not Recommended,318530,13372948,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hollow Bastion Sucks,Can't do much but restart the whole game/make a new save due to this bughttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A63oE1J5VVA
76561198068553752,Not Recommended,318530,13972238,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sheshemax,"This is stupidly hard. There was no clear sense of where to go, and the platforming didn't let you make the slightest mistake. The combat seemed like a breath of fresh air compared to the intense platform action. Even on the first level on easy mode I was struggling, actually I never got past it.TLDR this game makes casuals ragequit."
,Recommended,318530,13191989,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,jerms werd,"Good: Difficult game with good game play, Lives up to expectations in this area and I'm glad the game isn't too easy.Bad: Weird art direction that seems to have been driven by a horny teenager(??) Some of the heaving bosum animations seem excessive and the voice acting is a little um...chibi.Overall; get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,318530,17108585,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Shabalaboom,"This game fails to follow good game design on many aspecs. Reducing what could be a great game to a frustrating experience.The bosses do not follow a definite pattern that would let the player learn, instead attacks are chosen randomly.In the bullet hell mini section the enemies also spawn randomly which again prevents mastering this section through trial an error and instead just frustrate. The collision boxes in this section are also too large and you get damaged way before you actually get hit graphically with still 8 pixels of emptiness between you and the missile.But the most amazing part is this is probably the only game featuring a pause menu that DOES NOT PAUSE THE GAME.Trying to use the pause menu in the bullet hell section is nearly impossible as the game keeps going in the background and every hit closes the menu.The designers have confused [difficult to master] with [I will randomly kill you unpredictably without hope of dodging. You'll just have to keep hitting respawn until you're *LUCKY* enough, your skills don't really matter.]"
,Recommended,318530,13148649,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blue Devil,Solgryns legacy.
76561198091749931,Recommended,318530,25373737,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MicrosoftOffice,This game is freaking awesome!Main Feature>Boobs
,Not Recommended,318530,22139410,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Katatonia,"Honest review for the first level of the game. 95% of my play time is LOADING and the other 5% is dying on the first level, it takes like 2-5 minutes for the game to load each time. it's literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. this game blows. it should be called Please Wait a few after you DIE."
76561197968377041,Recommended,318530,13965389,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Silent Player,____________________________________________▄▄█▀_________________________________________▄▄█▓█______________________________▓▓▓___▄▄█▓▓▓█▄▄██████████▄___________________________▓▓░░░▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▄▄_________________________▓▓░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▄________________________▓░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▄_______________________▓░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓█▓▓____________________▄█▓░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░▓▄_________________▄█▓▓░░░▓░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░▓▓█______________▄█▓▓▓▓░░▓░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░▓░░░▓▒▒█▄____________▄█▓▓▓▓▓░░▓░░░░░░░░░▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████▒▓▓░░░▓░░▓▒▒▒▒█▄__________▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓░░▓░░░░░░░░░▓████████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓░░░░▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒█________▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▌_______█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░▓░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓▓▓▓▓██░░░▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█______█▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▓░░░▓░░░░░░░░▄░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█_____█▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▓░░░▓░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▓░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒█____█▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▓░░░▓░░░░░░▄░░▀▄▄▌_▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▒▒▒▓▓▓▓██▒▒▒█__██▓▓▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▌______▀█▄░░░░░░██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▒▒█▌_██▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐________▓▓█▄░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▒▒█_██▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌_______▓▓▓██▄░░█▓▓▓▓▓███░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▒█_█▒█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌______▓▓▓███_▀▄░█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒███▒▒█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▌_____▓▓████▌__▀▄░███▓▓██░░░▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▓▓▒▒▒██▒▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░▓░░░░░░░░░░▀░▄▀▄____▓▓████▄___▀▄░▄▓██░░░░░▓▄▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▄▀▄___▓▓███▀▀█▄▄█▀░░█▄▄██▀█▀▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█_█▓▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░▓▓▓██▄▄███░░░░░▌▓█▌_▐▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█_█▓▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░▐_▓██▄▓▀▀████▒▒▒▒▒▒█_█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒█▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▓██_█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒███▀▀▀_█▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒███▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▓██▄▓▒▒▒▒▒▒█_█▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▓▓█_█▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▓▓█__█▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓░░░░░▓░░░░▓▒▓▓▓█___█▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▓▓▓█▌___█▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓░░░░░▓▓▒▒▓▓▒▓▓█____█▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒█▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓_█▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓█_____█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▒▒█______▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓__________▀█▒▒▒▒▓▓▓█______█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒█______________________________▀█▒▒▒▓▓▓█_______▀█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█_______________________________█▒▒▒▓▓█_________▀▀█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓█_______________________________█▒▒▓▓█_____________▀█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓█_____________________________█▒▒▓█▀_______________▀▀▀█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓█____________________________█▒▓█▀____________________▀▀▀████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█__________________________▄██▀▀________________________█▓▓▓██████▒▒█_________________________█▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒███_________________________█▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒█_________________________█▓▓▓▒▓▒▒▒▒█________________________█▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒█_______________________█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒█▀____________________▄█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒█▀_______________▄▄▄█▓▓▒▒▒██▀▀____________________▀▀▀▀▀
,Not Recommended,318530,29677016,Posted: 3 February,all,Boss Rabbit,Did not work with my GeForce 660 no matter what settings I put it at or whatever magic fixes people suggested.Will buy again when this is fixed.
,Not Recommended,318530,13760542,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Eva Dracona,"I thought this was going to a nice fun platformer, a little challenging but enough to enjoy... NOPE! This games platforming is a perfection nightmare, i enjoyed it at first but the dificulty curve just sucked all the fun out of the game, i found myself throwing my control and exiting~If you love a ♥♥♥♥ off imposichallenge then this is for you but otherwise i cant recomend.Pros:Cool bosses (although some times frustrating)Great sound track.Cute characters.Tight as hell controls.Cons:Hair pullingly frustratingBad FPS issuesNever get to enjoy the music (cuz your dieing every 3 seconds)No pause button?"
,Not Recommended,318530,15633335,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SHƦEDDEƦ,♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ AAAAAAAW ♥♥♥♥ FUUUUUUUUCK ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥
76561197988735037,Recommended,318530,13147116,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,๖ۣۜAdayu,I like the part where you jump around things~
,Not Recommended,318530,16442142,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Galetoloco,"the difficult of this game is so unfair, seriously stay away unless you like to get frustrated."
,Not Recommended,318530,13285471,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,d̶ig̵i̶t͜a̵l̡-͡style͞,"This is a great game, but why do I not recommend this?Actually I do reccomend this gameto any avid hardcore platform gamer. Its a great challenge and has some very unique mechanics I've never seen used in a game before. It does bring a lot of new things to the table, and I think it does it fairly well. If you are an experienced platformer, this is a very good title to try out!Why do I choose to overall not reccomend you might ask? I find this game to have some balance issues, and overall challenge of the game is something that the everyday gamer might find impossible to get through.Pros:-Visually beautiful game. The artist did a great job on everything, and the animation is very satisfying.-Character customization. Usually games like this have little to no customization, and it gives it a bit of a personal feel to the game when you can spruce up a character.-Very challenging. The game keeps you at a constant challenge, giving the player much satisfaction when you complete a level. (At the same time, this is also the game's greatest weakness)-The game mechanics. They are extremely unique, there so many creative combinations of movesets for you to use to progress. It really makes you think at times, and its not always obvious how to overcome an obstacle.Cons:-No pause button. I have no idea if this was a bug or not. But when I pressed start, the pause menu popped up but the game kept going in the background. This may or may not have been just me or been patched. So take it with a grain of salt.-Occasional camera issues. The game sometimes had poor placement of camera, where you couldn't see what you were about to jump into. Even times where there was no implied direction, so you had to jump off a platform in a leap of faith and hope its the right direction.-Learning the game. This game brings a lot of unique mechanics to a platformer game, that really challenges everything you know about platformers, and I like that. However I didn't really see much of an opportunity to learn the mechanics very much. Its good that the game has challenge, but I think that challenge comes too quickly. I would have liked to see dumbed down levels in the beginning to help me better understand the game's use of it's mechanics.-The difficulty. Now this is like I said the greatest part, and the worst part of the game. The game has difficulty settings that are for the most part pointless. I feel that easy mode is still far too challenging for being easy. It feels like medium and hard, with more checkpoints, and maybe health. I feel the game doesn't do enough to make an entry level platformer feel welcomed into this title. I think thats what sets this game apart from a ""recommended"" to ""not recommended"" simply because I think this game caters to a very specific gamer.-Sometimes its punishing for no reason. If there is one thing I don't like about some games, is that they are punishing, for the sake of being punishing. There are times in this game where the game will just throw you off with no warning. I like to at least have a chance to correct any mistakes I make. Even if I die in a game, I would only want to blame my lack of competence. Not the game itself==Summery==Overall this is a solid title, but it caters to a specific audience with little to no appeal to the average or beginner platform gamers. If you are experienced this is a great title to pick up and have at it. It has a lot of repetition, very unique mechanics, and requires creative thinking.If you are the developer reading this, I hope you found something useful in my feedback! I wish you luck on future projects, I look forward to what else you have to offer :)P.S. I did have a issues syncing my logitech controller. It was not being read by the game, and I had to setup xpadder to use my controller. Model # f310. This controller works with all other games. Not sure if this was just me or not, but if you're the developer, this could be useful information to know <:"
76561198062882306,Not Recommended,318530,13587370,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,superfagbutt,"I am sick of developers that think making their games purposely difficult equals a good game, anyone can make a difficult game. The controls in this game suck, your attack hits in the direction of where your character is moving so if you're trying to hit an enemy while moving backwards to get distance good luck moron, your attack will just aim the direction of where you're running so moving and attacking is stupid because moving and aiming your attack are idiotically mapped to the same thing. If you really wanna get this game then set it to the easiest diffuculty since it mitigates some of the stupid and cheap mechanics."
76561197971029547,Not Recommended,318530,13481921,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DENIS STILL HAS DUNE,"It's a competent platformer, but the visual design is cluttered and it's difficult to make out what is actually a platform and what is just background decoration."
76561198125405309,Not Recommended,318530,24084877,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SomeGamerFuccboi,Found game breaking glitch. When I die and the screen goes to black it stays in black. Until the glitch is fixed I will not recommend this game.
,Recommended,318530,13150489,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ki11s0n3,"This game makes Dark Souls look easy, but it's still so much fun."
,Not Recommended,318530,13876675,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Frog Noob,It all comes down to whether your save file gets corrupted or not.
76561197988985038,Not Recommended,318530,17684708,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Robo,"Bad Game, badly Programmed, Bad controls"
,Recommended,318530,31567758,Posted: 5 May,all,markp,good
,Not Recommended,318530,35373820,Posted: 1 October,all,Ty's Meat,"Though customizable , dogshit controls. Everything I could say about this♥♥♥♥♥♥can be summed up like so.. crap combat system (The game is riddled with unavoidable attacks, that it's combat system simply don't allow you to dodge). Biggest waste of money I've ever had the displeasure of spending. I have never refunded a game so fast in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing life . ""Maybe if you played it longer you'd get used to the crap combat"" is the same as saying I should try compromise for a game I've already spent money on XD as if me giving these drones my money wasn't comprimise enough.TL;DR: ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ you if you like it nerds lmao."
,Not Recommended,318530,13203337,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Atmey,"Pros:Nice visuals, character customization.Cons:While I usually don't mind hard games, this game requires you to die, memorize the level/enemy movement and try again, as enemies jump at you from outside of your vision range so you can't see them coming. Dodging/evading options are very limited, the heroine attacks with some sort of aura that doesn't feel like an actual attack (no animation/delay), I experience some frame drops when vertically scrolling/jumping. Jumps are requires too much precision for my taste, a simple mistake and you are back at the start, again and again."
,Not Recommended,318530,28065059,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DEATH,"Didn't find this game any fun. Lack of sound effects, limited animation, music tracks that loop for too long, cheap enemies and awkward jumping mechanics makes the game feel pretty tedious. It's difficult that's for sure but not in an interesting way. Feels more difficult due to the strange jumping mechanics than anything the design has to offer. Not a fan of having to walk off a platform, press jump, then press action to flutter and time those presses very precisely just to make it to the next platform and if I was a few frames off I fall or touch some spikes, die and have to reload. Pressing the respawn button takes longer than I feel it should for a game that kills me so often. Also the game doesn't have a fullscreen option in the menu and pressing Alt Enter resulted in a strange resolution, letterboxed and blurry as hell. Overall, not a terrible game but it's got a handful of flaws and weak presentation. It doesn't offer enough for me to enjoy it but I can see some hardcore platformer fans getting something out of this if they have lower standards than I."
,Recommended,318530,32358526,Posted: 11 June,all,『』,4/5 too easy needs to be made harder
,Recommended,318530,29282285,Posted: 15 January,all,Mr Noseybonk,"I have always been fascinated with technology, and this has driven me to study computing science in school, currently at Advanced Higher level. I have to be motivated within this course as I am mostly given direction only by the class teacher. My passion for the subject means that I am driven and strive for perfection within computing science and all my classes. I feel your Informatics course will allow me to continue to develop my understanding and interest in computers as well as continue to study mathematics. I thoroughly enjoy the challenge of both subjects.My career goal would be to find a position within the IT industry. Currently I enjoy all aspects of computing, so at this time I am unsure as to which position would suit me best. I enjoy many aspects of Computer Science from programming to looking at the actual structure of computers. Through the challenges of undergraduate study I hope to ascertain this. I know this course will develop the necessary skills and correct mind set to enhance and build on the skills I already have in this field."
,Not Recommended,318530,33735737,Posted: 22 July,all,jay,"Unfixable FPS stuttering made it look terrible and made the precise platforming much more diffiicult, disappointed."
,Not Recommended,318530,34113385,Posted: 8 August,all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"I don't like making bad reviews but flow & control of the game is terribly clunky. I love challenging old school platform games but this is simply not enjoyable to play. I love pixel art too but this is nothing special. All the positive reviews are from masochistic sickos. Has potential but is massive fail. Instead of calling it ""Wings Of Vi"" rename it ""Troll By Dev"" pls 2.5/10."
76561198169076874,Not Recommended,318530,29704297,Posted: 4 February,all,dawnofblades99,I have to say this game is frustrating as all hell... I just want to get through the story but it's so damn hard to even get through the game and most of the bosses have literally unavoidable attacks... and they take too long to beat. I'd say.... either add an invincibility mode to this game for those who want to play just for the story... or make the game much easier to get through... I am not impressed by this game. But hell.. if you're someone who doesn't mind wasting your lifetime trying to get through this♥♥♥♥♥♥.. go for it.
76561198170226634,Not Recommended,318530,33891415,Posted: 29 July,all,fractal9091,"I've played other games in this genre (I particularly liked Rogue Legacy and Ori and the Blind Forest), and I'm fine if not amazing at them.  However, I found Wings of Vi to be much too hard and frustrating, even on the easiest difficulty and saving every screen.  I also would have liked it better if it were less linear and more of an open world, like classic Metroid."
,Recommended,318530,24099778,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,◔◡◔ Ｓｏｕｌｉｅ,you know why i bought this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198146787380,Not Recommended,318530,28963978,Posted: 2 January,all,Hureno,"This is not a good game, don't play it.I keep coming back to this game thinking I'll have fun playing it, but the deeper I get into it, the less fun I have. The platforming is just way too taxing, both in figuring out how to perform it, and just simply performing it. Maybe I'm just bad at the game, but usually if I think a difficult game is good, I'll want to come back to it, and play again. This game I'll most likely play once and never touch again. As of writing this review, I am past the third boss, the giant robot more specifically, but I'm not sure how much farther I'll be able to go.Save your money, buy a game that's difficult but actually FAIR."
76561197989863550,Recommended,318530,13127063,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,kylebear,"This game is very interesting, but some how i got locked out when changing the key configuration. Now i am unable to choose anything from the menu, as it keeps blipping from main menu to continued file.Does anyone know what is wrong with this? My key board is not helping.I dont know what happened but i think all keys are bound to one buttone some how.This game is very fun, played for 10 minutes or so. Just having bad issuestrying to reset the keys.DEC 18 2014    ISSUEA problem has occured and a level just has me keep falling to nowhere and would like some advice in what is going on. This is a major bug preventing me to play the game"
,Recommended,318530,13135205,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Neptus,"You will learn to love the phrase ""Press Respawn""."
,Recommended,318530,13133795,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Amazing Blyatman!,"♥♥♥♥""10/10""-IGN"
76561198117647335,Not Recommended,318530,32735175,Posted: 24 June,all,Uventi,"The game itself will skrew you over from time to time. Example: Two enemies firing at inconsistant rates, if you get hit, that's half your life, and you will get hit because the enemies have two seperate patterns/firing speeds. Also getting really tired of dieing because an enemy fired at me before I could even see it, that's like Vectorman level of f-you. Not sure if game or commputer, but when I beat the first boss, the game froze and I had to do it again. And is anyone else having issues with full screen going all black? Advice: turn off screen shake and turn the effects down, otherwhise (never thought I'd say this about a single player-2d-platformer), you just might experience lag. I'd give this a so-so rating if I could. It's fun and reasonably challenging, but I hate how literally unfair and seeminly broken this game is."
,Recommended,318530,13133789,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DefinitelyNotNeet,10/10J U I C Y B O Y S
,Not Recommended,318530,13759735,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Scrubbe,This game should be more harder. It's so easy i won the game (Demon mode) in like 1.9h and like only i died ~1000 times.
76561198018230437,Not Recommended,318530,30696443,Posted: 23 March,all,I'm relaxed and doing fine.,"After death I press respawn button and the screen goes black. It is still running cause I can hear the sounds of my actions, but I can't see anythin. Otherwise it seemed fun."
,Recommended,318530,13161685,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,***,+ Cute Angels+ Beautiful Artwork- Hard
76561198055062644,Not Recommended,318530,23525398,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ExumiusIgnatius,"I have some considerations i learned playing this game.1 - i'm old;2 - in this game you play as an angel, but it requires ya ninja skills tbh;3 - playing this game is like someone asking ya if you like sex and then put you to play BDSM with a nazi torturer;4 - from now on, i'll check closely on tags on steam games. If there is even a mention of ""hard"" or ""hardcore"" tag, I'm out.Even the concept of a game is twisted in this game. Every game should bring entertainement to players. This one gives entertainement to ppl that watch your rage and your disgrace. Sadly i didnt experiment the game the moment i bought it... should ask refunds if so, coz mental harassing is not a funny thing."
76561198132915888,Not Recommended,318530,24803734,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,♥Pink Ravens♥,"Another ""brutally difficult"" game that mistakes♥♥♥♥♥♥controls for skill-based gameplay"
,Not Recommended,318530,32750581,Posted: 24 June,all,Kronegade22,Pretty well everything in the first area is insta death. Not a good way to introduce people to the game.It seems there is also a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of soft locks.
,Not Recommended,318530,28688650,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Beefster,"I might play it if it were just a couple bucks instead of $15 or even $10 (which is the price I bought it at) Or maybe on a ""family"" share from a friend's account. Not worth the money. Actually, on second thought, maybe only if it were free.Even still, you can't play in fullscreen because of some dumb bug (that hasn't been fixed for at least two years) that makes the screen go black on respawn.Respawning takes too long for how frequently it happens and having to press a button doesn't help. I like a good challenge, but this game does hard in such an awkward way that I find it incredibly disappointing and not very engaging. And I enjoy some really hard games- Super Meat Boy, Spelunky, and Crypt of the Necrodancer, just to name a few.I was very disappointed. Thank goodness for refunds."
,Not Recommended,318530,28654926,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Matt606,"Its difficulty is like ""I Wanna Be the Guy"", die over and over until you complete the platforming section. Then get to another section and do it again.If you like that type of gameplay, you might enjoy it.I though it was awful."
76561197999365337,Not Recommended,318530,13134548,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sky Leviathan,"Jumps: feels like stones are tied to my legs, Damage/dealing and taking: unforgiving taking damage in order to deal it and doing so little damage to the first level's enemies. Also never seen such a lack of explanation when it comes to starting this game up and jumping like a legless toddler. I want to like the game but right now i hate this thing for making me want to pull my hair out from the get go."
,Not Recommended,318530,13132260,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Anlysia,"An exercise in frustration from a designer that's just not very good.No, I didn't get very far because having my time wasted is just tiresome.The primary mechanic is a drop-jump, where you can jump anywhere in midair, but only once. This means basically every jump you think you MIGHT be able to make...you can't. Unless you run off the ledge, then jump in midair for that extra foot of boost. So every time you just approach a jump like any sensible game, you're going to be short. And die. And forced to replay a section.Then you get a flutter-feather item that allows you to hover briefly, and immediately are forced to use it to snake between instant-kill traps on the top and bottom. If you mess up? Yes, you're replaying a section again.The instant-kill traps are chained in succession immediately after you get the flutter item, meaning you're going to be forced to replay the same bits over and over right when a powerup should be FUN: When you get to play around with it and see how your skillset has expanded. Instead any enjoyment you'd derive from a new item and new exploration/manoeuvre ability is killed by immediately being told you have to be an expert with it, or else you're going to hit your head against the wall.Even in the short amount I played, I ran into three seperate enemies/obstacles that were invulnerable, but still reacted and appeared to take damage when attacked...only displaying a ""0"" showed me they weren't taking damage. This is honestly unacceptable. If you can't damage an enemy MAKE THAT PLAIN via another type of reaction. If they're never killable, make them not able to be hit at all. If you can do it, later, somehow...use some kind of ""bounce off"" where it's plain you're hitting but just unable to injure.Add to this enemies that fly around rapidly, take multiple hits, and who aren't hitstunned so they simply run through your attacks and hit you...and you have a recipe for tremendous frustration at the designer.At this point I just became frustrated and quit, I'm unwilling/unable to force myself through the bad design any more in order to try to find the ""good"" in the game.Could have used actual playtesting from someone not interested in how ""hardcore"" they are. I'd recommend it to no-one.Addendum: All the comments I'm receiving are ""You suck at this genre, so get good."" Maybe I do. But maybe people would like to know beforehand what the game is like, for people who don't excel in this particular genre of game. It isn't noted anywhere in particular that the game is extremely difficult in a particularly genre-specific manner. It just looks like a 2D platformer with some well-done visuals.If you know you like this type of game, my review isn't going to be useful. If you aren't aware what sort of game this is, and you don't like that type of game? It's probably going to be useful. That's why this review is here."
,Not Recommended,318530,13169435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kreittis,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198069323501,Not Recommended,318530,31638600,Posted: 8 May,all,Johnny Tsunami,Dis game is gey
,Recommended,318530,17793410,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cdude Gamer,"My journey so far: WHY WON'T YOU DIE?After they die: Hahahahaha! Kneel before me peons, for I am your new master! I shall rule this world with an iron fist- What, there's more platforming? [Dies another 100 times]No but actually, buy this game. Just... remember to tkae a break or your hands will cramp up. Trust me on this one."
,Recommended,318530,17511845,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,disackner,"This game is greatIt may be hard, well, really hard but all you half to do is have fun and enjoy the amazing soundtrack and awesome art work. Like I said it is pretty hard but laughfter is the best medicine, I would say to start on angel difficulty (The easyist) If you just want to have fun. You ma be woried that angel difficulty may be to easy but I'm 90% shure it would still be a good chalenge (I'm playing on the medium difficulty). Even if you dont get to far you will enjoy it if you learn to laughf :)"
76561198064153655,Recommended,318530,14126417,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,KarliN,There will be challenge after challenge. This is not a game that you can just sit back and enjoy. However in return you'll feel great accomplishment after completing each tasks.+) Cute graphics.+) Cute storyline.+) Easy interface. I think being confused and pressing the wrong button is a different matter.-) Difficult. Earning abilities have no meaning for the tasks before you will be harder as well.-) Some triggers get bugged after restart or death which makes you have to restart again.-) Fullscreen mode blacks out after restart.
,Recommended,318530,18082625,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SomeKindOfScientist,"Painfully difficult level and enemy design that make the successes you manage even more rewarding.  Lovable art style, tight controls, and a fantastic soundtrack.  Best action-platformer I've ever played on PC."
,Recommended,318530,17442800,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Upsetti Spaghetti,This game is incredibly hard and if you love challenges and love to rage this game is perfect for you 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,318530,17891056,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Disgusted.,"I saw this game on YT and thought ""oh, this is a pretty cool game"" but damn its like you put youre face in a bowl of needles filled with poison. but its a good game just too hard for me"
,Recommended,318530,17802543,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AliveEvilMorty,And I thought Dark Souls was ruthless...
76561198035780493,Recommended,318530,17692709,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Fuzz,Cute game. Free hernia with purchase 10/10
,Recommended,318530,17005272,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,microwave dolla bill,game am good
,Recommended,318530,13666077,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DJane,"Игра довольно уникальна в своём жанре, но я расскажу все по порядку.+ Милый арт дизайн. Ня!+ Уникальные противники.+ Довольно интересные битвы с боссами. О них подробнее чуть ниже.+ Музыка - шедевр для такого сорта игр. Определенно стоит своих 100 рублей в ITunes.+ Пасхалки и секреты. Куда без них в 2D игре?+ Тем самым Нашу девушку можно одеть во что угодно: От механического костюма до бикиниА теперь хочу вам сказать, что это игра - наследница I Wanna be the guy и I wanna be the Boshy. Известны они своей невменяемой сложностью.Почему вы умираете в сложных играх во время схватки с боссом?Super Meat boy - нужно включить голову, как заманить Их в ловушку. Нужна сноровка.Dark Souls - неаккуратное ведение бояWings of Vi - слишком медленная реакция.Ах да, Боссы.SMB - неразумные существа, которые только гонятся за героем, попадая под пилу.Dark Souls - Крутые рыцари, которые любят честных поединков на мечах, а не вашу магию. :DWings of VI - е*анутые существа, которые устраивают адовое побоище на экране, лишь бы убить вас. К тому же, туловище, ноги, руки, пальцы, нос, рот, все части тела способны снять у героя четверть жизни. Никаких лечительных средств! Здоровье восполняется только на точках сохранения.Из-за чего идет первый минус.- Кнопко дробительная игра. Купите геймпад, ради бога. пальцы будут болеть в любом случае.- Невозможно пройти до следующей контрольной точки без 100 смертей на счету. Благо хоть контрольные точки не так далеко.- Но тем не менее. Если в Dark souls у вас полчаса больше занимали на бои, то тут они тратятся на изучение маневров в данной локации и... да, 100 смертей, проб и ошибок. Только это.- Могут слететь сохранения. У меня уже так вышло, и я, слава богу, смог бросить игру.Мой итог, игра для любителей сложностей, но не для любителей эпичных боев с боссами, Dark souls в этом плане лучше смотрится.Игра оправдывает свою цену.Моё время - сутки. Я прошел половину игры и собрал 60% секретов.Мой рейтинг 9 сексуальных костюмов из 10"
76561198044127250,Recommended,318530,16569185,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,King Heavy Crab 𝓤𝓰𝓾𝓾,An extremely difficult platformer that has a gorgeous art style and excellent music.
,Recommended,318530,16397070,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,3pic Sexy Calvin,I like games that are difficult like dark souls or bloody trapland but this game is ridiciouis.10 outa 10 finnaly a good challenge
76561198042765669,Recommended,318530,13702496,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Paçoca,"Nice game, very difficult."
76561198134618066,Recommended,318530,13709539,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Heez,"This game is really hard and I think that you will need a lot of patience in order to finish it. I am not done with this game yet, but all I can say that sometimes it can really be frustrating!BUT it is a real challenge and this is great.The story is not clear , so for all story players I would not recommend this game. It is all about a hard challenging sidescroller.If you like challenges, this game is the right one for you!Sounds and music in general are awesome!"
,Recommended,318530,13564440,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Magically Changing Name,"This is possibly the best platformer I've played in years. If I could click ""Yes"" more than once, I would.Tight controls, amazing music, nice sprites, and some serious platforming await. Just do bear in mind it is very difficult."
76561198023277641,Recommended,318530,13600667,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ViaNegativa,On top  of this game just being every platformers wet dream the soundtrack is amazing and the creator is very active in the community playing his games on twitch the streaming platform. I would buy this game ten times over.
76561198079930561,Recommended,318530,13602106,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,caine (No Monitor),"Art direction is perfect, the pixel art is never lazy and always extremely detailed and pleasing to look at, the music is possibly the greatest music in a game I've ever heard, the characters have enough depth and background for me to be interested in them, the gameplay is phenomenal, the controls are extremely tight and responsive, the level design is insanely brilliant, like, some of the best I've ever encountered, and on top of that, its an extreme challenge that makes me want to keep coming back for more. The game itself seems to urge me to finish that one screen that seems to have me stumped, and I keep trying until I finish it. These areas give a very stong sense of accomplishment as well, adding to the overall expirience. This, quite honestly, is one of the greatest games I have played yet. Now, where can I buy this amazing soundtrack?"
,Recommended,318530,13556706,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,KJ,It has pretty angels and boobs and is also hard 10/10 would purchase again.
,Recommended,318530,13559972,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lexyz (Blaszy),It hurts us because it loves us.10/10 would die again
,Recommended,318530,14502084,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rizlen,"Hard as balls platformer, super geeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerdddddddddddddd."
76561197996450743,Recommended,318530,13897685,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Vailalex,"Good but extremly hard, even on easy mode! (requires you to master the controls perfectly)."
76561198098820210,Recommended,318530,14657709,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dust Bunny,"It is like the perfect marriage of Dark Souls and Super Meat Boy. Not to mention, it is one of the most masochistic games I have had the pleasure to play."
,Recommended,318530,14468321,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Marbass,"Very unforgivable and chalenging hardcore platformer. I`d call it Meatboy with boobs.But loosing is fun and if you enjoy this kind of gameplay - you will not be dissapointed. And by purcasing this game you help the creator of ""I wanna be the Boshy"" if this name tells something to you."
,Recommended,318530,14601238,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,applebaps,"I'm still working my way through this one.  When I beat it, I'll update the review.Wings of Vi is a platformer.  It's super cute and has customization of your main character, with secrets and cheevos that unlock new stuff to do that with.  It will also jackhammer your cervix until you're just like ""no, get off me, that's too hard.""The controls are super tight and responsive, but this game is really goddamn difficult.  They say they're aiming for skill-based gameplay instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and I guess in a way that's true.  But you should expect pixel-perfect jumping and difficult combat being required of you IMMEDIATELY, and it never lets up.  Every new movement item you get is followed by a platforming section that tests the limits of what you can now do, usually with some enemies sprinkled in on top of it.  Your sense of timing often has to be near-perfect to get through, and it only gets harder as you go.  I really recommend that you start on Angel difficulty until you get used to things.  Keep in mind when I say this stuff that I've beaten Super Meat Boy and They Bleed Pixels.I think part of the difficulty comes from subervsion of expectations when it comes to movement.  The way the jumping and moving works in this game, you can actually get to places that, in most other platformers, you really just couldn't.  The level design tests the limits of sliding, fluttering, and double jumping.  You'll see a screen and be like ""what the ♥♥♥♥, how am I supposed to get up there?"" but you totally can.  Also, some of the difficulty comes from your first weapon being really short ranged, kinda like a crappier crissaegrim (from SOTN), and enemies moving really fast, so you have to position yourself such that you can hit them as you're dodging them by a hair.It's a lot of fun, but just come prepared with lots of lube and be ready to restart a lot."
76561198002686867,Recommended,318530,16179694,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,adamalan,This game is absolutely difficult and absolutely awesome. I havn't beaten it unfortunately (stuck on a hard boss) but I look forward to conquering it.
,Recommended,318530,16270553,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheGypsyBrigade,"This game makes me want to kill a man, But it has a cute MC and great music, so I give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,318530,16350582,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hope,"This was one of the hardest games I've ever palyed in my life. If you want a challenge, this is the game to go. All this hair ripping and rage somehow gets made up with boobs. Great game, Hard AF and Boobs. I don't recommend this game to those who act like they're the angry german kid."
76561197967556700,Recommended,318530,16317784,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Zifadel,"Difficult, beautiful, amazing sound track, in depth boss fights. A must for any gamer who likes platformers."
,Recommended,318530,16376005,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hero,"Buy it if your a masochist, send it to your freinds if your a sadist."
,Recommended,318530,15498152,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Lloydian,Super fun and challenging!! Might drive you a bit mad though.
,Recommended,318530,18327181,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mosquito,"Purchasing this game is paying debt to Solgryn for his hardcore platformer I Wanna Be The Boshy (IWBTB).Ended this game on Ez-mode, shame on me I bored of playing half game on Totally-average mode.Thank you Solgryn for making this great IWBTB game :3"
,Recommended,318530,18572050,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Reala,its ok i guess
76561198193070447,Recommended,318530,18690871,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Jeyris,"I don't write reviews. I am not a reviewer. Great game 10/10 stars for sure. It is perfect. Very difficult. Zelda fans run, this is one of the most challenging games I've ever played.You can be a bunny. You can be a fairy. Angel. Demon. Skeleton flesh thingy. Need I say more!?"
,Recommended,318530,18671375,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,2 Finger Steve,"this game is hard as ♥♥♥♥, but i love the art styleAngel tats"
76561197970498270,Recommended,318530,13399490,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lord_Grassanoid,"If you like games that require you to be made out of twitch reflexes on caffine like Super Meat Boy, then ""Wings of Vi"" is right up your alley; that said, if you raged in Super Meat Boy there is rage to be had here as well. Also the boss fights are pretty cool once you get the boss' attack patterns figured out.P.S.- Like the game forums say: BACK UP YOUR SAVES! Put a copy of the Data folder from the game directory somewhere, it's no fun losing all your unlocked items, especialy the ones you have to 'flawless victory' the bosses for. :("
76561198047313361,Recommended,318530,13802569,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Abraxocleaner,The epitome of an rng ♥♥♥♥ fest
,Recommended,318530,13799479,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gh0stty,"This game is phenomenal. The only bugs I have encountered so far is the menu screen when trying to set up a controller, but other than that, this game runs very smoothly. As others have said, your movement has to be tight and precise. I only wish that this game covered additional expenses such as 3 new controllers and complaints from my neighbors. This game is about trial and error. You will die.. a lot. But regardless, Wings of Vi gets a thumbs up, share on facebook and eharmony from me."
,Recommended,318530,13751051,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Soul,yes
,Recommended,318530,13751839,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,S x a H i,Died a ton. Gr8 R8 8/8
,Recommended,318530,13620029,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Scylla Maelström,"Amazing game, Amazing Soundtrack, cool Protagonists/ enemies/ bosses Sprites ( i love pixelated games)  frustratingly Hard gameplay( but still great), really liked the player appearence Customization system too .Highly recommended to Players that love Hell hard Challenges."
76561198078125597,Recommended,318530,13630464,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Im only 9,supa cute ^_^
,Recommended,318530,13672791,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hexorcist [BL],"This game has to be one of the easiest games I've ever played in my life.Wanna know why?I beat Pr'gora - one shot. ez pzI beat Jeh'oul - two shots, glad to see there's a difficulty spikeIt took me an hour, just look at my recordsjk, who can actually do that10/10 actually a hard game in 2014"
,Recommended,318530,13673589,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Apiarist,"So horrifically frustrating that it is beautiful. Once you get past the idea of dying 500 times even before the first boss encounter, you'll be addicted. Victory is only as sweet as the sweat of excruciatingly hard work."
76561198106687344,Recommended,318530,13654126,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,STARPOWER,"the game might seem cuties but... the game covers all the base for a good game pluse more. also very diseving, pluse a oldest/newset feel. and a challange THAT IS HARD LIKE BALLS. so be a pro and give play the game a"
,Recommended,318530,13654528,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tyler,good game very challenging
76561198012654426,Recommended,318530,13655070,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Have,"This games difficulty really pushes the limits on possibility. I spent a good 20 minutes trying to get in to a bloody cart only to find I die 5 seconds after feeling accomplished, repeat. On every boss fight so far, it makes you lose over and over again until you finally learn his patterns and attacks well enough to get a wee bit further in killing them. It is tons of fun and it's excrutiatingly hard on every mode. I suggest you buckle up because you will want to punch everything while playing this game. It puts you in situations of impossibility and expect you to figure out the near-impossible solution. And the only thing hard than that is actually doing it. But it is tons of fun and a wonderful feeling when you get past a part only to see it got even harder. Sometimes it borderlines bullet hell with its bosses. This game is really time consuming and quite long tbh. God speed if anyone beats this game more than once."
,Recommended,318530,14289114,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ClassyLime,"There's a part in this game where you're being chased by a little worm thing, and you have to dash your way through a bunch of grabage with pitch perfect timing. After 500 deaths and 2 hours you get through, only to slide into 1 single spike placed right before the checkpoint and die.I didn't have gray hairs before playing this game"
76561198046403222,Recommended,318530,13725282,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,yeet!,"Crashes everytime I press the respawn button, will not be playing until it is fixed."
76561198041075875,Recommended,318530,15149650,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kankato,"Not for the feint of heart. The artwork may be easy on the eyes but the jumps are precise and death is frequent.  Only play if you're experienced with vidya gaemz, platformers, frustration and gitting gud."
76561198008148264,Recommended,318530,15157846,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Raminax,"Wings of Vi is a deliciously difficult platformer. Despite that, it's quite fair to the player. The rules, i.e. the hitbox, enemy types and so on remain consistent throughout the game, making your personal skill the only thing that matters. Most of the difficulty lies in the platforming sections, often requiring quick reflexes, precise movement and occasionally creativity. The platforming is broken up with a variety of colourful bosses, requiring sound strategy and endurance to outlast them. Wings of Vi is a good pick for platforming enthusiasts, because its brutal difficulty will likely deter all but the most persistent of players."
,Recommended,318530,15158419,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,YoiLikeOrange,"A very challenging game and very confusing- in spite of that it is very fun to play and fast-paced for this kind of game. I was actually really surprised how much I loved this game at the very start.I'm not one into the ""2D Pixel Platformers"" or whatever you call it. Now I realize what I've been missing.Pros-Everything looks absolutely beautiful!A interesting story to follow.Awesome characters!And little secrets you can find to customize Vi.Cons-Can become overwhelming challenging.(Other than that, I can't find anything else I dislike about this game.)I'll update this every once in a while as I progress."
76561198074541470,Recommended,318530,14209870,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,blender,"Took 40 hours to clear the mortal modeTook 9 pure hours to clear the last bossHowever, I do not think it was a waste of timeReally fun to playPretty recommandable"
,Recommended,318530,16493097,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Deimos,"This is the most frustrating, hair pulling, nail biting, palm sweating, obscenity-spewing inducing game I have ever played, and it has been worth every second so far.  I will admit there are a few areas where it feels the artificial difficulty was cranked up to 11 to pad out the game, though these areas are usually passable after a few hours of trial and error. Even on easy this game is brutally unforgiving, sometimes simply respawning after taking a hit is the best option, though a checkpoint rests in almost every room, so the game is very fair in that regard.All in all, a brutally difficult game, well worth my time and money."
76561197986354204,Recommended,318530,16908181,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sad Larry,"It is realy REALY REALY F**** hard. I wouldnt believe it reading all these other reviews from people saying it is much harder than Dark Souls.Well, it is. But it is a hell of fun and it somehow doesnt push my patience like other difficult games do. I realy like the music and it is nice to look at.Would recommend."
,Recommended,318530,16879984,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SwagginsBaggins,One of the hardest platforms I've ever played......you should get this game!
76561198049932674,Recommended,318530,16466492,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Squiddy,"This game makes me feel like I'm in an abusive relationship. Every time I get hit, I always come back with a black eye in hopes I can make something work the next time over."
76561197966342407,Recommended,318530,16460765,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,.ichibo.,Takes the best of Dark Souls boss fights and the platforming difficulty of Super Meat Boy.
,Recommended,318530,15975139,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,GiddyDitty,The game is hard. If you a ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ don't get it.
,Recommended,318530,16753464,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,wacoo',"Great game, hard but fun"
,Recommended,318530,16683371,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wil son,"very good game, good music, art, and very challenging. enjoy the boobs"
76561198100058882,Recommended,318530,15031280,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ChaosToGo,After many grueling hours I am proud to say I beat the first little section of the game! But seriously if you're looking for a fun challenge definitely give this game a try!
76561197997590714,Recommended,318530,14923272,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NastyLad,"This game teaches you how to appreciate checkpoints.If you have a violent temperament; Don't buy this game, as it'll induce a domestic abuse relationship between you and your PC.10/10 have to go cool down in Dark Souls, and relax a bit after each 30min session of this game."
,Recommended,318530,15023337,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Isolated Island Oni,I've never had more fun dying over 500 times in a platformer. Thank you based Solgryn.10/10 Need to unlock Rubi.
,Recommended,318530,14266983,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Blacknerd,An endurance test of my patience 10/10
,Recommended,318530,14359365,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JuleK,"It may look like fun watching twitch streamers speedrun it, but it is really just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥game that you most likely will not enjoy. Although that doesn't mean it's bad."
,Recommended,318530,17834168,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hiru,"I like character customization. So far my triket collecting adventure has lead to 1740 deaths. When my roommate sees me attempt a flawless boss kill for the 189th time just for a purely cosmetic item, he thinks I'm mental. gg Fashion Souls is hard"
76561198065635454,Recommended,318530,19260138,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SpaceyKAT,"you know i bought this game for the boobs, and stayed for the suprisingly good platforming i like it what else can you say?"
,Recommended,318530,19382206,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gorezzwow,Need some Dark Souls after this ._.
76561198043346768,Recommended,318530,19705763,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dat Random Turtle,"This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. You will run into extreme dificulty every single step of the way without exception. While games like this are typiclly very unfair in their dificulty this game is not, it's a very well designed game. But be warned, this game really isn't for the faint of heart.Before I played this i would have said that I was a huge fan of dificult games but this game makes me question that as I havn't had the heart and deterimation to beat it yet and ive owned it for quite some time now. I just eventually kind of gave up after the litteral thousands of deaths.To enjoy this game you must enjoy games for their dificulty and be willing to put up with a game that will be balls to the wall hard every step of it's unrelenting journey.As a side note, you've probably noticed tht i have only really been mentioning the dificulty, and that's because it's the only really stand out feature of the game. The graphics are fairly good, the music is meh, story is simple ect. This game lives and die by its dificult gameplay. That and it's character customization (my character's adorable :3).While I only recomend this game to people looking for an extreme challenge I recomend it wholeheartedly to those brave crazy souls."
76561197992233493,Recommended,318530,19544764,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Exodiquas,"Wings of Vi, a platformer with a difficulty level of dark souls, bloodborne and lords of the fallen combined. set on fire. I liked the challenge this game gave me. Normally I'm not that kind of person who rages at games, but sometimes this game made me a tantrum throwing 4 y/o in a super market whos parents won't buy the good sweet stuff.I love this game.10/10"
76561198074903614,Recommended,318530,19460368,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Doot McTaco,"You'll rage, you'll cuss, and then you will finally reach the next checkpoint and you'll say ""♥♥♥♥ yeah!"". Repeat. Wings of Vi is definitely one of the harder games I have played, but I have loved every minute of it. Would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,318530,14535949,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kuke,"After about 30hours Game time and about 4k Deaths I was able to kill the final boss.If you are looking for a hard game and don't have a problem with wiping on a single boss for hours, this is it. It is hard as ****. But, IMO, totally worth it. Would buy again."
76561198069101501,Recommended,318530,20781157,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ukrus,"Wings of Vi was a game on my wishlist for some time. Masochistic titles like Darks Souls have always been a favorite of mine. The art and gameplay of this game had me hooked from the beginning, and the varied flavor of enemies and worlds is purely on point. The only thing about this game that I need say; it contains a few glitchy things, as seems to be common among anything meant to enrage. If purely coincidental, these bugs will often find you getting jipped on otherwise good gameplay. If you have the mental fortitude, it is an essetial for those whom love to overcome a challenge."
76561198057471819,Recommended,318530,21140961,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,zachary_putnam,"Want to have a game so hard that it is going to break your soul and fry you with a Spirt bomb?  This game is for you(you are going to die)!  In this game, Bowser escaped from the prison of villens and controls all demons that want to r**e you!  You are a angle that has some deep plot and your job is to rek him, if you aren't dieing from Mega man spikes, hard hitters, enemy placement as bad as ninja gidan, black holes, and bull****!!  For the places you explore, there is ""This is not hard oh wait"" town, ""okey this is really hard"" garden, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mines, Middle finger death pit, the temple of poor level desgin and 2 really crappy bosses, the land of just.... no, and that level that has a boss that a tiny 0.01% of people ever beat on mortel difficultity!  Also, if your mind did not snap yet, try demon difficultity.  It is if that one hallway from castlevaina was the whole game!  So welcome to die!!!"
76561198043800032,Recommended,318530,22094046,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,filthy console peasant,"It is very easy to praise this game, but be aware it suffers from bad first impressions.First thing I want to point out, this game is NOT I want to be the guy or ""rage games"" like it, Wings of Vi is an incredibly hard platformer where carefully timed jumps, speed and timing matter. If I were to compare it to anything its more like the super dungeon in Cave Story, or star levels in Mario, only stretched out to an entire game. This games difficulty is FIRM but FAIR, and I love that.Every zone/level has a unique gimmick to it making every area different, and getting new powers does not make the game easier, instead, levels adapt to your new powers and introduce challenges and platforming segments that test them and your ability to use them. The level design is absolutely wonderful in this regard, and it always keep you on your toes. The game definitely gets more fun as soon as your first power is introduced.Enemies and bosses remind me of dark souls, in that they attack in a way and in patters where everything can be dodged and dealt with in a fair manner, you will take damage because you were too slow to dodge, or because you got greedy and tried to get extra hits in when you should have run away. The combat has it's own little rhythm and dance to it, and thats great too.Visually the game is nice and stylized, bosses look good, animations look good, and everything runs buttery smooth. The games' music is fantastic, every boss has a unique theme, every level has playlist worthy music in it, its great.On the negative side however, there seems to be a bug where when you slide your character will stand up randomly, and when you're dodging attacks this can lead to some unfair deaths, but it doesn't happen too often. The main problem is that everything I praised about the game, doesn't apply very much to the first level. Now, the platforming is still strict and well thought out, however every enemy type in the first level moves in a sporatic and chaotic fashion and do not have stun frames or knockback when you hit them. This leads to very cheap feeling opponents that deal damage to you in very unfair manners. With only a jump the platforming isn't very creative, so it does feel kind of dull jumping through levels in that regard, the music is nothing to write home about either. The boss fight is still good, but definitely the weakest out of all the bosses.Overall, if you love super difficult platformers and want to test your skill this is the game for you, I highly recommend it, but beware, you have a rocky start before any of the real fun begins."
,Recommended,318530,18013541,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,садись на бутылку,It's Boshy time!
76561198094073966,Recommended,318530,21286727,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jopagu,"This is an amazing game, if you love dying over and over and over. It has fun gameplay, good graphics, and amazing music. The only cons are that the storyline is a bit dull and sometimes some hitboxes are slightly off."
76561198067154648,Recommended,318530,20476754,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ThePantherize,"I've really enjoyed the little time I've spent in this game. I'd definitely recomend this game to anyone who enjoys challenging platformers, just make sure you have the time to play. And if you're not sure, there's a free demo."
,Recommended,318530,20498164,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,gamerjay,theres a bug where u dont respawn in fullscreen mode and it goes black. plzs fix
,Recommended,318530,20068610,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,OKIJIN,"Balls to the wall hard. Casual players can ony stand a chance in Angel mode. But, I find myself enjoying it. I love the pixel art style and how cute the characters, not to mention the ""physics"" <3. Anyway, this game is difficult for sure. But progressing through the game feels rewarding, being able to get through difficult enemy encounters and jump puzzles. Those looking for a challenge I for sure recommend. Casuals, proceed with caution,"
,Recommended,318530,25932758,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,icicle crash,"overall is a good game,the bosses reminds me megaman but when fullscreen i press R to restart the level the screen just go full black,maybe because my resolution is a bit odd"
,Recommended,318530,13838729,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HeavenlyShot,"This is a great platforming game that is incredibly hard. Fair warning if you are susceptible to rage at games this one would get to you,"
,Recommended,318530,25874371,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Teacup Tanuki,"Wings of Vi is masacore platforming done right.The gameplay challenges ramp up at a good pace, you slowly get more movement options and the game really makes you get the most out of them as it you progress. The bosses similarly are frustrating at first, but so rewarding when you manage to defeat them. Even moreso if you beat them without getting hit even once!Unlike some games, there's no 'gotcha!' elements. Apples falling upwards or sudden attacks from off-screen you need to die to in order to predict them. Even longer sections of the game let you preview what's coming up so you can plan for how you're going to tackle each challenge.There's a nice bit of non-linearity to the game, too. Lots of hidden treasures are off the beaten path and some sections of the game can be completed in any order the player chooses. There's no real backtracking, though you eventually can get an item that will allow you to return to previous sections of the game with access only to the abilities you had gained at that time.The difficulty selector is well done, with extra checkpoints or platforms at the easier difficulties. The easiest difficulty has so much of this though that even the worst gamer should be able to brute force their way to the end! Not that I would recommend this sort of the game to someone who wasn't into a tough challenge. It makes that difficulty setting's existance seem a bit odd.Wings of Vi isn't absolutely perfect, though. The biggest problem I had was an early vertical auto-scroll section where the player's hitbox did not seem to conform to the area the player's sprite took up and would seeming hit or miss obstacles in the same area without rhyme or reason. More minorly there was one instance of being confused on where to go due to wondering if I needed to find some upgrade to pass a certain platforming challenge or if I was missing some puzzle element and while the bosses for the most part do a pretty good job of giving enough feedback to let you learn their patterns, the ability to use a stage element to stop one boss from doing an unavoidable attack eluded me for the longest time.All in all, while there's a ton of features, a variety of gameplay and the character dressup is fun to collect and mix parts for, the most important part of a masacore game is how it plays and the level design and Wings of Vi absolutely nails these. If you're into platformers that give you a difficult challenge then you absolutely should pick this up."
,Recommended,318530,26468416,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"Tough as nails, but pretty nice. Fun gameplay, when you're not contemplating suicide because you've died for the 400th time on the same spot.Would smash my head against the wall for 2 hours straight again/10."
,Recommended,318530,28145500,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BrianH1988,"(disclosure: I have seen endless gameplay of this on Twitch and elsewhere and have actually talked to the creator of the game. I may have only played a few hours but I know so much more about the game than what I've gotten to.)Fantastic art style, amazing general gameplay. Extremely variable difficulty like its spiritual predecessor, I Want to Be The Boshy, but more accessible to people who aren't necessarily fans of the platformer genre but enjoy a good challenge. I had absolutely no bones about paying $15 for a game of this quality, and I'm enjoying it thoroughly."
76561198061478509,Recommended,318530,27287242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fippe42,"""Good♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;-Albert Einstein (1969)"
76561198099654558,Recommended,318530,27374498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maximum2945,This game is extremely hard and extrmely satisfying. I dont play games too much but this one is really great
,Recommended,318530,27271679,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,onyon,"Incredibly hard, yet really fun for people who want a game to be a challenge.Bosses are designed good. Levels are designed good. Weapons are designed good.If you can't speedrun it under 50 minutes on the hardest difficulty you're bad :^)PS: anime boobs (Did I mention that Solgryn is a perv?)"
76561198072393050,Recommended,318530,27002963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pill Dickle,"Beyond being a game that is difficult, Wings of Vi is a game where difficulty matters.Make no mistake, this game has difficulty settings for a reason, and you'll see alot more changes than just tougher enemies. Eveything down to the platforming challenges is this game is modified by your difficulty, but you won't feel like you're getting a lesser experience by playing a lower difficulty.Be prepaared for trial and error gameplay that's heavily dependent on nuanced timing. It's the payoff where this game really shines. If you've ever played Super Meat Boy prepare for a similar feeling of triumph here.Long story short this is a game I recommend to anyone who's looking for a challenge, but open to toning the difficulty down a notch if things get too overbearing (sometimes they will)"
76561198068611308,Recommended,318530,27163188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Faux_Show,"challenging platforming fun bosses, and a killer soundtrack."
76561198312182585,Recommended,318530,28683434,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BB,"If you like 2d platformers, especially very brutal ones, this game is right for you!Just be warned that you will die many, many times."
,Recommended,318530,15526388,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,OOT! SHOOT!,"In short, fantastic game so long as you're persistent and refuse to give up. Brutally difficult but not unfair, controls are tight and there is no such thing as sideways-flying spikes or apples, but still expect lots and lots of trial and error. I'd say the feeling that comes with successfully beating a boss more than makes up for all the dying and time spent, although having said that I never want to so much as see the final boss of this game ever again"
76561198122557169,Recommended,318530,14640961,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Satsuma,Beat the game.Feel good.Beat the game on next difficulty.Feel good.Try to beat the game on demon.many hours and deaths later.Feel good.Just play this game.
,Recommended,318530,33676998,Posted: 20 July,all,Dudzer,"A hard as nails platformer game, which features a variety of pixelated anime waifus.What more do you need?"
,Recommended,318530,33776474,Posted: 24 July,all,Abyssal_Echo,Not a bad game however I find it hard to play long sessions-=Not a casual game be prepared to die alot=-(Unless your good of course :3)Pros:Nice graphics.Decent soundtrack.Good controlls.Difficult.ANGELS!Cons:I just can't bring myself to play this more than an hour at a time.
76561198249557872,Recommended,318530,33736162,Posted: 22 July,all,Herosticky,"When I bought this game, I expected a challenge.  However, about 56 hours and 7806 deaths later, I can firmly say that this is the hardest platformer, if not the hardest game, that I have ever played.With that said, the game has many pros and cons.Pros:Challenging, skill-based gameplay that may cause you to rip your hair outGood levels that are designed to fill you with saltA great soundtrack to motivate you into progressing forwardA nice art style to distract you from your rageModifiers to make the game interesting (or completely sadistic a la IWBTG)Intense bosses that test your skills and patienceExtreme satisfaction from completing anything in the gameCons:""Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."" -Albert EinsteinStory could be better (then again, why buy a hard platformer for story alone?)Some glitches (likethis)Occassional framerate drops (d***** fullscreen)However, despite the pros and cons, I now have a list of things that I hate from this game.Things that I hate from this gameSpikesDemonsDemon SpikesAcidMissilesBulletsElectric SheepFireFire MagicDeath MagicSwitchesMinecartsPlantsLasersFlying SkeletonsDashing into WallsStatuesBlack HolesHoming MeatballsLibrariesElevatorsCeilingsWolvesOrcsMeatball SwitchesFalling BlocksWormsLizardsOne-Eyed Two-Horned Flying Purple People EatersAnd last, but not least...RNGSo there, you have my assessment of the game.  However, despite my obvious salt from the game, Wings of Vi definitely a great game.  It may be almost unbearibly hard at times, but the satisfaction from completing a challenge for the first time more than makes up for the excessive difficulty.  Basically, as long as you have patience and skill, playing through the game is a very fun experience."
76561198253924361,Recommended,318530,34790987,Posted: 7 September,all,RowZilla 42,this game may look relatively friendly but it's not for the faint of heart it will kick your♥♥♥♥♥about busting platform that I swear to God they took some of the most infuriating types of level design and and slept all of it into one.either way it's a game that I'm probably going to be working on for several months.but still a good game for those who want to challenge.
,Recommended,318530,35161126,Posted: 23 September,all,trueyomic,"Aww, what a cute game with cute characters and visuals... And then all hell breaks loose!  Wings of Vi is a balls to the wall hard platformer that's very rewarding if you have what it takes to make it through to the end."
76561198022641078,Recommended,318530,35191225,Posted: 24 September,all,lock_of_fear,"The level of fun and quality on this game are good. Checkpoints are abundant which is good because frankly the level of difficulty is inhumane. Bosses are pattern based have oodles of health and typically often deal 20 damage on hit. Though it varries a bit depending on boss and attack. By the way you have 100 health and you don't heal during the encounter. Some of the bosses also enrage when then get to low health. As I said difficulty is inhumane, it's fun though, and it isn't unfair. It doesn't feel unfair anyway. I'm playing on the 2nd difficulty and probably should of played on the easiest one. I'm deffinatly not going to touch the hardest one if I manage to finish the game."
,Recommended,318530,13558281,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,zrw,⠀⠀
