user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,318600,18188723,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,o0Icy0o,"As an older gamer ""50"", my take on this game is somewhat different than my 13 year old sons. Let me start with the positives..art style, ambient sound and the soundtrack...all top notch! Relaxing at one moment, then a few moments later trying desperately to find the items I need to keep my girl alive. It's this constant battle of emotions that makes this game so darn enjoyable...For not having a story yet ""the game grips you"" and only makes you want to see what the writers of the final release will be able to conjure to deepen it's hooks into your heart. Yep, I said heart.Couple other things worth noting, First, I started the game with mouse and keyboard but found the gaming pad much easier to play the game. Gaming pad first! Secondly, put on some headphones, hear the game, feel the water and enjoy the lighting as the game cycles day, night and weather.Ok, now for the negatives...don't have real deal breakers, 1 box on the starting island seems to be sunk every now and then into the eart, other than that..it's all good. Highly reccomend.Oh yeah, as far as my 13 year old sons thoughts on the game...it's not league of legends. Silly kid."
76561198005772592,Recommended,318600,19792741,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Awsumpossum,"Let me preface this by saying that I am incredibly stingy when it comes to ""survival"" and ""crafting"" games because I teach emergency Wilderness Survival, Wildlife Tracking, and a variety of other Wilderness Skillsets.  Most of the games in the genre are so grotesquely nonrealistic that I physically cannot bring myself to play them; even if the nonrealistic elements are implemented for ""exciting"" gameplay.  I love this game.The Flame in the Flood is probably the closest thing I've found to a semi-real survival game.  You cannot carry much, at least early on, you are interacting with plants/things that actually have practical uses [Cattails, Dandelions, Yucca, Aloe], and you're at risk of exposure, dehydration, starvation, and fatigue.  Most survival games place a gross amount of emphasis on food.  The reality is, human beings have been known to survive for well-over a month without ingesting much of anything.  This game does food well.  It isn't the dominant focus, but it matters.  Most things you consume are small and meager, giving you just enough to continue trudging forward.  The purist in me loves this approach.Water and exposure seem to be the larger issues, as they should be.  Though, I'd like to see exposure increase punishment, a bit.  Getting wet in a survival situation is about the most god awful thing that can happen.  It takes a hell of a lot more than a nap and 4 hours [if you rest in game, you can rest for 4 hours and dry out] to dry out.  Sitting next to a fire might do it, but the dehydration aspect is usually brutally punishing if you've yet to secure a reliable water source.  Typically, as little as 4 hours of exposure to cold or heat is enough to suck the life out of someone.  I haven't played for long, but so far getting wet has felt relatively inconsequential [perhaps i'm just on a lucky streak].There are some things that I don't love, though.  I liked having such a tiny inventory, initially, but it does have some drawbacks.  Namely, I am spending a lot of time in my inventory menus, juggling things around between myself, my pet, and my raft; crafting things, to consume other things, to make space for other things; you get it?  Sure, I could leave some of this stuff behind, and I am sure I eventually will, but early on everything feels so valuable, it's a shame to leave it behind.  In a lot of ways, I am spending more time tabbing through menus and running back and forth from my raft to store things than I am actually playing the game.  Unless, of course, that's what the game design is meant to be, but I suspect not.I'm not sure I really have the solution for the game's inventory spacing issue since it does add a layer of realism.  One potential solution would be to allow the player to loot something and have it automatically stored on the raft/pet if the raft/pet already has part of a stack.  Less real, but they could graphically have the pet run back and forth from the player and raft to increase the realistic appeal.  The same method could be implemented for crafting things [IE. directly pulling the items from raft/pet].  This already exists, sort of, but requires proximity.  Not sure it's a bad thing, but I can see after many hours of running to and fro it possibly becoming irritating.  Another simple solution would be to increase starting backpack size by a few spaces AND increasing the overall stack size [most things stack to 10, it seems].  Nothing too extreme, but for certain plants [cattails], it might be a nice QoL change.Then, there's the occasional annoyance of a plant, like yucca, growing in an incorrect biome.  This is purely a ""me"" thing, but it definitely annoys me.  And the fact that every animal, which I actually like because it increases enjoyment, is a blood thirsty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - easily explained away by the ""end of the world"" scenario.  Oh, but the crows calling wolves, should definitely be Ravens.  Ravens are much more notorious for alerting wolves than crows are.  Even going so far as to fly above things, screaming.What really sucks me in and is particularly endearing, for someone like me, is the game is mostly accurate.  They even have ash cakes in the game!  A friend and I refer to these as &quot♥♥♥♥♥cakes"" cuz they usually taste like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but hey.  Sure, the recipe isn't realistic, but it's the thought that counts!I should really just email the devs and offer my obnoxious help."
,Not Recommended,318600,30920216,Posted: 3 April,all,Bubbles,"This could have been a really good and enjoyable game, if it wasn't for the random and unfair parts which you just cannot avoid. I don't have a problem with punishing games, but after a while you'll just be in a constant hurry to fullfil your characters needs and as items spawn randomly throughout the islands, it's nothing but a matter of luck if you survive or not. I feel that because of that you miss out on the interesting features this game has to offer, as there is never time to wander around or plan your next move. You'll also spend a lot of time in the menus (managing inventory, crafting etc.). I usually like that sort of gameplay, but as the ingame time doesn't stop while browsing the menu/inventory you'll spend your time rushing through things and eventually making a mistake caused by lack of time which leads to your characters death. Like I said before, I wish the game wouldn't be so hectic (and still be challenging), but the way it is designed just wasn't for me and because of that I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,318600,29895029,Posted: 13 February,all,WordsOnPlay,"Very beautiful but poorly designed.This game shines in terms of art and music. It does a great job of conjuring an environment not commonly explored by videogames. The result is beautifully atmospheric.It is a shame therefore that the gameplay is so uninspiring. It's all about inventory management and crafting following set out rules. There is little to no room for creatively organic play. It is entirely a mechanical process of ""to solve problem A get items B and C from location D and craft them to make item E ..."" This could be OK in a more forgiving game, but it wants to be a roguelike, survival game. So you end up restarting a lot and working through the same sequence of early crafting processes -- get flint to build a knife and a hammer, build a trap, catch a rabbit, skin the rabbit, etc ...Most good roguelikes (e.g. Nethack, Spelunky) are built around fine-grained mechanics which interact with one another in interesting ways, so the random level generation creates a wide variety of novel situations. TFITF doesn't have that kind of granularity or organic interaction. Each location is basically a big random loot-drop, perhaps with an enemy guarding it.On the top of all this, there are a bunch of bad UI design decisions. For a game that is mostly about inventory management, the inventory UI is cumbersome. E.g. you can't access your inventory while looting a container. So if your inventory is nearly full, you'll find yourself clicking back and forth between the inventory screen and the looting screen. Likewise when you are crafting.I really wanted to like this game. I keep coming back to it to give it another go, and each time I am disappointed."
,Recommended,318600,18233293,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Harmony Sly,"My journey ends here. After 79 days of struggle, I almost made it to the 150th milestone. I wish I had the strenght to keep on for even just one more day, instead of collapsing so close to my goal, but it's been one hell of a ride alright. Nature's not been kind to me for the past 20 days, luckily I saw it coming and filled my raft with jerky, ash cakes and dandelions for good measure. Still, wildlife has its ways of letting you feel unwelcomed, but I did not lose hope. At least not until the last 5 days. As I was biting into my last jerky, I knew it was the end of the road. Time to take drastic measures. If I am not wanted, I shall just ride into the sunset as far as I can, without looking back. No more stops at scrapyards only to find some nuts & bolts in an abandonned car and a pack of wolves ready to greet the juiciest peace of meat they ever saw in the last few weeks. No more suicidal moves onto the river for some grubs and lumber I don't even need anymore. It's time to ramble on.The crazy thing is, once you accept your certain death, you almost feel relieved. You made it through the hardships of the beginning, then as the wheel started to turn in your favor you began to gain confidence, too much confidence, leading you to some stupid, regretful decisions. At midpoint the monotony started to kick in, replacing your fear for survival with a daily grind as much comforting as it numbs all your senses. It's only 50 days in on your journey that you slowly began to realise that all good things must come to an end, and the abrupt decrease in plants was no stranger to this. Without it, no game, no cooking, no juicy meat, only grubs and scraps. The wildlife wasn't a giant supermarket anymore, you lost a few ranks in the food chain, again. Back to square one, only this time bring your own tools. It kinda felt revigorating at first, I have to admit. A way to keep things fresh, and to keep you on your toes. Then after a few days where you visit any spot you can find, devoid of anything that could help you eat, you realise Mom Nature has a grand scheme, and she's gonna starve you out. Except if you just want to take the easy way out and drown yourself into the river.No, screw that, challenge accepted! I'm just gonna go as far as I can, and if I die, it will be on my own terms! Acceptance is pretty easy, and so is closure, I'm already pretty worn out by the ride anyway. The good thing is that I don't have so much to care for anymore, my only concern is to give Aesop my finest survival gear so that his future owner will put it to good use, after that I am golden. I just need to stop every now and then to rest, eat and hydrate myself, and I'm back on the water again. Feels like when I was a kid and we would embark on road trips with my parents to go on vacation. Everything under cruise control and smooth sailing. I worry about the occasional storm, but it feels like forever since I last had one pouring on me. Along the way, I manage to scrounge some extra bits of food that allow me to push my journey even further. If wildlife is mean-spirited, the river can be kind-hearted at times.At long last, the day finally come. I won't sleep tight tonight. Actually, both as an act of defiance and as a way to let go softly, I managed to get every bit as exhausted as hungered, which should help alleviate the pain a bit. As I push myself away from the dock one last time, I feel strangely upbeat. One last ride. Make it count. Your raft is worn out just like you, one bad corner and you could end up down the drain, but you know that's not gonna happen, not on your watch, not today anyway, you have a destiny to fulfill. And I have to admit, it sure feels great for a last day: the sun is rising nice and easy over the horizon, the rapids let you sift through the river without any hiccup on the way, you can even hear yourself mumbling one of the great tunes that accompanied you during your journey down the river.Eventually, the waters take pity in you as they calm down to support you during your last stand. You collapse of fatigue on your raft, only seconds before the starving pins you down. You take one last look at your trusty companion. Go Aesop, you're free now, find someone else that will love you as much as I did. You're down to 146.9 miles, and your journey ends here. If you think about it, you chose your way out, only a handful of explorers can take pride in that. I sure am gonna miss the ride.Good thing I can just start a new one right now, then.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm usually not one to post review of Early Access games, but this one seems pretty fleshed out already. We should expect less crashes, less visual bugs and some gameplay tweaking along the way, but at core the game plays and feels great.Balancing is the main issue right now. As of any rogue-like, the early game depends a lot on your luck and your knowledge of the systems, so you're bound to die a lot at first, which is by no mean a problem. You learn with every game, so you can survive 4 days during your first playthrough, then hypothetically 8, 16, 32 and so on. The campaign isn't implemented yet, only the endless mode, basically a version of the game where you're gonna die anyway, so you have to make it for the longest streak of days, or travel the furthest down the river, depending on whatever you fancy. That's the best thing about the game in my opinion, time and mileage are not ultimately tied together. When you get on your raft, you get to choose whether you need to scavenge every location, stock up on supplies, take a minute to craft and manage your inventory or even take a breather, or alternatively if you feel you have enough on you (or not enough space to scavenge anyway), you can just powel through, get on the rapids and quickly get down the river in search of better lots.The game is best played with a gamepad, right now it's even mandatory if you want to get through the rapids without smashing your boat at every single rock. Once you get the hang of it, the game is a blast. The sole feeling of getting on your boat with your dog, sifting through the calm waters, listening to some amazing tunes is amazing. And then a giant storm happens, the rain come down pouring on you, and you just have to seek shelter, and the game get even more amazing. Once you're down 100 miles (60 days in, my longest streak for now), monotony starts to kick in, every lot you step on is literally a wasteland, except for the few plants scarcely available. That's when you realise hoarding on medicine and water won't get you any further if you just die of plain starvation. End game is all about embracing that fact, visiting any location with the slightest hope of finding enough resources to craft some traps that would help you hunt some game, gasping in delight to the vision of dandelions of cat tails on the ground, all the while avoiding in the best possible ways the wolves and boars attacking you. When that day finally comes, however, it's time to let it go. So you just cram your best survival tools in your trusty companion's bag, knowing that they'll come handy to whoever comes accross Aesop, and that person happens to be you, on your next playthrough.As much as it is imperfect at the moment, The Flame in the Flood is a very compelling experience, granted not for everyone, but if you like the Open Wide, if survival of trekking is your thing, or even if you're just fond of the art style, I urge you to try it. As of now it's only a rough gem, but with enough polish, it can become a real diamond."
76561198092218572,Recommended,318600,32234362,Posted: 7 June,all,The Chicken Coop,"IMMERSE YOURSELF IN A VISCERAL GAMING EXPERIENCE!!!!!11!!That's not quite the tag-line I'd use to describe The Flame and the Flood, but in an industry fraught with bold and sometimes high-fallutin' claims of gameplay ""experiences"", this game quietly sneaks up and delivers something different. Not saying that this template of survival hasn't been done before, a number of times while playing I got a whiff of other survival games like This War of Mine and Don't Starve. In that respect is it TRULY somthing different? No, but at the same time delivers a certain amount of charm that makes the experience all it's own. From the cartoony Tim Schafer inspired art that becomes violent and terrifying quicker than a boar getting side-swiped by a well placed trap; To the minimalist bluegrass guitar and harmonica that plays sparingly through your journey, The Flame and the Flood is a unique twist on a tired genre.And now the fun part after the honeymoon glow has worn off. The Flame in  Flood seems like a game that is far from finished, my big issue so far in the game is balance and just plain ol' common sense. Now, I may not be a big city lawyer with a $30 degree from the State University of Science and Fire, but I reckon that more than just cat-tails burn out of the selectable items in my inventory. I have starved to death in two games for the inability to cook anything for the lack of a stove, and something to kindle the flames. To add insult to injury, one particular campsite began a random torrential downpour right as I was approaching the fire. And the game has the minerals to tell me as I approach the location: ""FIlthy Tease Campground: Often has Flint, Always has a lit fire.""Couple this with the cluttered and clunky inventory, where you never have enough space for anything. The inventory is like trying to visit your eldery aunt: way too much junk. So you just end up hoarding things until you've discovered the mummified cat from 1998 underneath the mountain of fallen Vanity Fair magazines, Canada Dry cans and Little Debbie wrappers. Junk yes, but junk she may need at some point.The difficulty curve seems steep, but with a modicum of effort you'll get into the swing of things. Which leads me to my last complaint at 2:30 in the morning, for a roguelike, once you get a feel for the enemy types and the map layouts, everything gets boring rather quick.Can I think of better games in this genre? Absolutley. Do any of those games have the same character and mystery as this title? Not at all."
,Not Recommended,318600,32052914,Posted: 29 May,all,Robert,"While it's a great idea, it gets old VERY fast. You can't directly fight any creatures, so if you don't have anything prepared, you're pretty ♥♥♥♥ed, especially the further down the river you go. It hit the point where I was always fighting wolves and it was raining everywhere I went, and though I had the best gear and enough traps and weapons to handle everything, it was just annoying. The soundtrack isn't really my style, but I have recently fallen in love with Landsick and Flame in the Flood.It had a lot of potential, but fell short."
76561198007300752,Recommended,318600,28879860,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blackadar,"I generally like 3rd Person survival games. I love Project Zomboid. I like Don't Starve. I appreciate what This War of Mine is trying to do. I couldn't get by the look of NEO Scavenger. But regardless of whether I like them or not, one this is true:I suck at them. I never win. I rarely get into a stable position. While some people are living for years in PZ, I'm dead in 5 days. While some folks can build a massive base on Don't Starve, I think I've made it to winter once...with mods to make it easier. I had to mod This War of Mine to get through it.So I finally picked up Fame in the Flood during the Steam sale. I waited until a good sale because it was likely that I'd get only a couple hours in it given that it wasn't moddable and I'm terrible at such games.I was wrong. While flawed, this is a greatly entertaining game.First of all I find the setting charming. As a former whitewater guide, I love floating down rivers. It's unique and beautiful. Add in some great - perfect for this setting - music and you wind up with a great atmosphere. The graphics are functional but I'm not as big a fan of the art style. It didn't put me off though. The game is best played through an XBox controller rather than keyboard and mouse (but both are functional).As for the gameplay, this is a flawed but ultimately satisfying game. The core gameplay is your character is floating down a river and pulling off at various stops. You gather, craft and push back off to float down the wild river some more to make progress. In your way aren't zombies or weird monsters. The dangers here are more mundane but still terrifying - hunger, thirst, wolves, disease, sickness, exposure and so forth.The challenge in the game is scarcity (which is typical of this type of game). You're rarely going to have enough stuff to do everything you want and you're going to have to prioritize. FitF doesn't give you much backpack space and so you're always going to struggle to figure out what to carry. You're going to have to leave stuff behind that is useful. You're going to make food, water, clothing, traps, bandages, herbal remidies, raft upgrades and so forth to overcome the dangers of this world.Note there's no real combat here. While you can make a bow to hunt with a bit and traps to catch food or defend yourself, this isn't a combat game. You're always playing defensively and you're not going to craft a sword to slay wolves with. If you're looking for a combat oriented game, this isn't it. In fact, this has less combat than any survival game I can think of but I think that's a strength and not a weakness.So what are the flaws? Well, inventory management is supposed to be part of the challenge but frankly it's one of the more annoying aspects of the game. You're going to be in your inventory A LOT and the UI is fine but it's still really annoying. You're going to spend a lot of time in that inventory screen.There's also no modding support for this game which is unheard of in this genre. Thus this is a WYSIWYG (look it up) game - it is what it is and you're not getting anything else. While some would say that means the game is unfinished, I don't think so. I've encountered no bugs and no crashes in 10 hours of play, so I see this game as finished.And to come back full circle to the opening paragraph, it's also winnable - at least for me on easy mode. It took a few tries but on easy I was able to progress (with liberal use of reloading) all the way to the end. So if these games are typically too difficult, this one isn't. And if you're good at these games, there are other difficulty levels which I'm sure can provide an ample challenge.In conclusion, this is a charming, well-constructed and entergaining game that deserves your patronage if you like this genre. It won't go down as a classic but you'll likely have some very fond memories of this title long after you move on to something else.As for me, I'm getting ready to get back on the river. The wild calls...."
76561197971019018,Recommended,318600,32837680,Posted: 26 June,all,Diamondhide,"One of the best games I've ever played.  If you are into rich environments and somewhat of a surivial aspect, you must get this game.  The folksy music just adds more to the environments.  That being said, the soundtrack for this game is beyond good...It is amazing.  Then again, I like folksy music.I played through the campaign, and the surivial aspect is not imposible.  It is not geared to kill you at every turn; the game is forgiving.  There is a rhythm to surviving in the campaign which you will figure out.  If you like the game ""Don't Starve"", but think it is a bit too hard to survive, you will likely enjoy this game.There is an Endless Mode which I have read becomes increasingly difficult the further out you go.  I have not tried it yet so I cannot speak about it."
76561198110977352,Recommended,318600,21722765,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,rainyday,"The Campaign Mode and Endless Mode are fairly similar. You guide a young girl named Scout and her dog Aesop as they attempt to navigate a flooded land on her raft - in search of everyone else. Campaign mode isn't terribly long, but there's a lot of replayability in Endless Mode.It's all about survival. You start with nothing, but by gathering raw materials here and there, you are able to craft: medical supplies, tools, weapons, traps, clothing, and upgrades for your raft. There are four hostile creatures that you often come across - snakes, boars, bears, and wolves, as well as a few very rare creatures. Each can be deadly in its own right. At the cost of some of your precious materials, there are simple tools and weapons you can use to defend yourself from them and harvest useful skins and meat. You can also devise ways to play these creatures off of each other. Why not lead that pack of wolves to the bear, and while they're distracting it, you can pop into its den to see if it's got anything useful inside. Instead of building a trap to catch some rabbits, why not chase them into a snake?Along with meat, there are wild edibles you can harvest to keep Scout from starving, but you also need to keep a look out for clean water, and safe places for her to sleep. You'll have to find ways to treat any number of conditions she may come across - from insect stings and venomous snake bites, to dysentery and broken bones. The increasingly cold weather also poses a threat, and there's pressure to find or craft better clothing for her.As they journey down the flooded river, they pass areas where they can dock their raft and search for supplies, but they can't stop everywhere, so sometimes you have to choose. What's more important, landing at that camp with a fire where Scout can cook some of her food before it spoils, or docking over by that liquor store in the hopes of finding some alcohol and rags to make bandages or a torch?In the end, you always come back to the peril of the river. There are many ways to die, but the most common - hands down - is drowning. I've kept Scout alive for months from all sorts of encounters with hostile wildlife, just to lose her to the river in a matter of moments. It can get pretty tense when the raft has run into a few too many rocks or debris, and they have to cross white water country - all the while desperately looking for a Marina where Scout can repair the raft just enough to carry her onward for a few more miles... a few more days.A few things to noteThe dialogue is textual, and choices are straightforward.The audio is really well done, from the natural ambience to the sound track and instrumentals that never get tiresome.The graphics are stylized, but clean.The community has been friendly and helpful.You're meant to die - fairly often at first. Gaining some of the achievements will take Scout to the point of death, and some actually require her death.At the time of this review, The Flame in the Flood just recently exited early access. There have been quite a few complaints about audio and startup crashes. I had some issues early on, but since the last few updates the devs put out, I haven't had any problems at all.There are a few bugs/exploits here and there, mostly involving the achievements. The devs have been quick to recognize them and say they're working to correct them. There are plenty of achievements that are challenging, but still fun.There is a LOT of inventory maintenance which...is frankly annoying early on, but as you play, expand your inventory, and learn what you need to stockpile and what you don't - it becomes a little less of an issue.I've had a lot of fun so far. Over 80 hours in, and I'm not at all bored with it. Because of its linear nature, It's very easy to pick up and play just for a little while, or for hours on end."
,Not Recommended,318600,28087962,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ThenIDefyYou,"I really want to love this game. The art is absolutely amazing and the music is decent as well. That being said, I think the programmer really let down the artist.This game is all about crafting and inventory management. There are so many little things that drive me completely batty. For example, when moving over stacks, it moves ALL inventory instead of the stack you are on. There is no way to split the inventory of the same item in different stacks unless there isn't room. You also can't use raft inventory (comsuming) even if you are right next to it, unless you move it to your inventory. The last thing that destroys me, is the scrolling through the crafting menu. I keep getting this bug that takes me right back up to the top everytime I scroll so it takes forever to craft anything.In addition to the small ones, the large bugs destroy the spirit of rougelike. I've been destroyed by bugs more often than I've been killed by my ineptitute. The latest bug - I was in the middle of a river which suddenly pushed me all the way to the right and I ended up in the middle of the land. I obviously drowned from that. Really cool game."
,Not Recommended,318600,32768299,Posted: 25 June,all,microfloppy,"This game wants to cater two play modes - casual and roguelike. The problem is that the end result is either:1) A low-challenge slow survival combined with a punishing rafting segment and a frustrating save system that will cause you to lose hours of progress2) A very difficult permadeath experienceI'd have liked more steps in-between these two modes. Also, the fragile raft kills it for me. In this survival game it doesn't matter how good I am at strategy or managing my resources. If I am not fast enough when steering my raft: It's game over.I played the permadeath version for a few hours, only to keep starving to death. I learnt something from every try and there is a good mechanic of carrying some stuff over from one playthrough to the next, which made the experience enjoyable. Still, I grew tired of never being able to get enough food so I decided to try the casual experience.In the casual game mode, I made it to day 9-ish and 11+ miles without any real struggle. Food, water, and everything else was abundant. There was never a challenge of keeping myself fed. After eventually dying, I realized the ""save-system"" is quite unforgiving. The save points are few and far between, and if you have bad luck you'll respawn at a very frustrating place. In the casual experience it seems as if the raft-upgrades and thus the quest sytem becomes more important. If you haven't focused on that from the start then you'll find that it's better to just restart and play it the ""right"" way from the beginning."
,Recommended,318600,29995455,Posted: 17 February,all,Razorbacker,"As someone who has been gaming for 30 years I may have different perspective than others on what I want out of game.The main things I look for in a game are: challenge, uniqueness(doesn't seem like just a prettier version of a hundred other games i've played), pacing(I don't like watching cinematics and doing lame quests that just feel like work), and lastly I like games that make me feel something.Flame in Flood hits all of these for me.  I've seen others say the game is too hard, I think it was just right, maybe a little too easy if anything.  I only died twice before beating the game, and came really close a few more times.This is where the feels come in.  The feeling of desperation as I'm hurling my raft down the river at max speed with reckless abandon smashing in to rocks and debris, trying to find medicine to cure my snake bite was one the most intense  gaming moments I've had in a long time.  In other moments this game also invoked feelings of fear, joy, peacfulness, loss, lonliness, triumph and humor.I paid full price for this game and feel like I got a bargain.  While it may not provide hundreds of hours of replayabilty.  The amazing and unique experience of the first couple of play throughs are well worth the price."
76561198083899977,Recommended,318600,34053480,Posted: 5 August,all,SlothSong,"A nice little wholesome experience for anyone looking for a rough, but fair rouge-lite survival game. Dare I say, despite the rather diminutive size of the game, I found this to be my favorite survival game. 15$ might vary from person to person, but I thought it was worth it.You play as a lone survivor named Scout who is found by a dog named Aesop. Together, the two try to survive and find their way to a safe haven. The story you get as you play is rather empty and is just mainly ""Follow the river until you find civilzation,"" with a couple major events in between. More adventerous players can find Quilts and even NPCs that spill out hints as to what possibly could have happened, however I still feel like there could be a little more explaination as to what exactly went down.The actual surviving aspect can be a pretty detailed in some areas and requires a bit of a planning and caution. But (and this is just me personally) if you can get your footing pretty early and know what you need to look for, the game can get a little easy. It stops being survival and becomes more exploration and occasionally fighting off wolves, boars, and if you're unlucky, bears. If hunting is your thing, there are legendary animals you can sometimes come across. Unfortunately the only thing I've heard you can get is their pelt, which is mainly used for crafting warmer clothes.But surviving on land isn't the only thing you have to worry about, as Scout has her own boat that her and Aesop use as their main source of transportation. It's a simple concept that mixes things up a little, but might get boring for some. You control the boat and try to steer it away from debris, collect loot that can occationaly be found on small chunks of land, and disembark when you find a suitable dock. The boat can be upgraded with little things that definitely make things a lot easier. A stove, a tent, and even an engine just to name a few.This game is pretty looking. It's got a cartoonish vibe to it with some unique character designs. The houses are old and rickety. Trash is flung everywhere. Roads are cracked. Cars and other metallic objects are rusted and broken. The game has executed that post apocolyptic feel nicely.  A feeling of serenity and solitude is casted from the old and weathered settings Scout can find herself in. After a while, however, you'll probably notice similar elements. Being randomly generated, some sameiness is bound to happen eventually. Landmasses in particular don't have too much depth, so you'll probably notice an island that was shaped just like the one you landed on a few miles back.The UI is a bit wonky. It can come off as cumbersome and has also been the source of a few bugs and weird quirks I've ran into. It's not unusable though and they do try to make some convienent little comforts for the player. Wrestling with three different inventories (Scout's, Aesop's, and the boat's upgradable storage unit) can lead to overgathering and possibly misplacing some items. Furthermore, I don't see a need for an entire menu for Scout's clothes when you can just as easily use the inventory.Finally, the music. Let me start by saying the music is mainly folk music. Harmonicas, guitars, violins etc. The music was made by artist Chuck Ragan. If you can appreciate the good ole natural, possibly ""hipster"" soundtrack, then you are in for a treat. The soundtrack is gorgeous and compliments the setting nicely. It can help keep the spirits up of even the weariest traveler and goes perfectly with scavenging and adventuring the southern backwaters and damning rapids of the river.Overall, the game is small but provides enough to satisfy that survival itch. Even if you don't get the game, the soundtrack is nice treat for the ears."
76561198196313679,Recommended,318600,22547842,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Valeriant,"Nice game overall. Visually pleasant, good soundtracks, simple gameplay mechanics.Basically you try to survive in a flooded world by always going forward where the current flow. Collect, create, repair, cook, etc. just to move on. In story-mode there'll be some sort of final destination or ending.The surviving ways aren't that much detailed and complex, but enough for the game to be entertaining. The basics are there; nourishments, clothings and tools. Places visited by navigating with a raft but it's designed so that you are always better moving forward. Items and several objects in most places are randomly generated. There are many ways to be dead in this game and the checkpoints are pretty sparse. But don't worry, luckyly you always have a helpful companion by your side.I recommend this game for its interesting and different take on survival-game and unique gameplay mechanics. The visual and soundtracks are bonuses."
76561198035820408,Recommended,318600,30808308,Posted: 28 March,all,RM60,"7.7/10Pros- Great sound track- Decent story- Interesting world- Cool art design- Fun survival elements- Casual- Procedural generationCons- Short, but you wouldn't want it to be longer. Which brings me to my next point- Can get repetitious- Music cuts out at menu, so basically when you need to be doing stuff, you can't if you want to hear the good music- Music was too sparse- Not too much replay valueOverall, for what this game is it is pretty darn good. If you want a cool, casual, cheap, survival game, this is it. It's fun. I'm glad I played it. The cons I saw really weren't that bad. ""Keep your eyes open... in the flame and the flood."""
76561198014503780,Recommended,318600,21489560,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Noodles,"It started out rather nice, paddling down the river with a pleasant tune, stopping at a few islands to loot some sticks and corn. Then the rain came, the river was rough and I crashing into a scary looking island, eventually finding a dock. There was a cabin, a campfire and I found some flint and could craft my first tools, things were looking up 'til the rain put the fire out, I was wandering the island trying to find something to eat when a boar suddenly charges out of the bushes and breaks my leg. I hobbled in circles around an abandoned bus in an attempt to escape the crazed animal, and managed to slip back past the old cabin.By this time I was fairly hungry, and while my leg was broken - I knew it would be okay, as I had a splint stored in my raft.The rain had finally stopped and the sun was setting as I made my way to the dock and walked straight into a wolf, munching away at a poor rabbit. I guess he thought I would make a better meal, and he took a few bites. I waved my stick at him, to keep him away and tried to gimp my way back to the cabin. By this time I was REALLY hungry, and desperatly tried to lure the wolf to the pig, hoping they might kill eachother. This actually sort of worked, except the pig managed to hit me before the wolf, breaking another bone or two. The pig and wolf fought while I was crawling away, literally starving to death.I didn't starve though, my suffering ended when the pigs charge missed the wolf and he gored me instead.I think I am in love :D"
76561198044852745,Not Recommended,318600,24220216,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,armageddillo,"I wanted to make sure I beat the campaign before rendering a final judgement. Having just done so, I'm ready to deliver my verdict. Quite simply, I do not recommend this game. While the art style is intriguing and the music is really good at times, there simply isn't enough meat there to warrant the price. Those looking for a survival experience with stylized graphics I'd direct you to Don't Starve, or perhaps The Long Dark.I'm a little sad, I had some high hopes for this game. While I didn't hate it, I do regret my purchase. The campaign, which isn't a story so much as a playthrough with a few hard stopping points, was pretty short and uninteresting. There are snippets of writing on quilts throughout the game. These one paragraph journal entries highlight other peoples experiences along the river, but they aren't terribly interesting, and they have nothing to do with you. Beyond that there is not really any story to speak of, you're just a girl with a determination to find somewhere better.The gameplay isn't terribly interesting either, dock at a place, run around collect supplies and get back on the boat. Craft enough to take on some local wildlife to make warmer clothes, and upgrade your boat to be a self sufficient home on the water. Once you learn the dangers of the wilds and what items have more value, the game gets pretty easy. The problem The Flame in the Flood faces is an imbalance of one of the core motivations of survival games, risk vs. reward. Ironically the thing that imbalances this feature the most is the river itself. Since every pit stop is a self contained area that is impossible to get lost in, there's never much risk in exploring every place you can. You can never get lost and the worst case scenario is to run back to the raft and try your luck at the next stop. On top of that, many edibles that you find never decay, so its easy to stock up and stash them away for eternity. By the games end I had over a stack of 10 jerky that I never touched.I could go on about a number of other small complaints, but ultimately all I have to say is; If you want a more tense, punishing survival game go check out The Long Dark, or take a gander at Don't Starve. There's not much here for 20 bucks, and while its not a bad game by any means, it just doesn't meet my personal standards of what I'd want for that price."
,Recommended,318600,30723046,Posted: 25 March,all,Mercury,"This lovely little game avoids the hum-drum stagnation I find myself caught in when I play ordinary survival games.  The constant need to move forward, with small explorable bits of land, were a wonderful and well-executed idea.  The art style was charming, and the folksy music an excellent touch.Unfortunately, I did have a couple issues, namely the aiming dynamic with the bow, and a couple glitches I encountered.Overall, I loved this game!  It was the first to keep me sucked in for hours at a time.  10/10 ash cakes, will play again."
,Recommended,318600,22161120,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Emperor Edgeus Maximus,"Overall I recommend this game; but definitely not for anyone looking for a lighter survival experience.When I type ""lighter survival experience"" I mean relying on your own skills as a ""gamer"" to get you through the challanges.Example 1: When you encounter wolves the only trick I have found is to hit the sprint button within a 1 to 2 second ""window"" to avoid the claws. Italmostfeels like RNGExample 2: Rain is randomly generated, just like in real life and there is no way to combat it.Pros:-Actual survival gameplay-Great soundtrack-Crafting system not convoluted-Edgy symbolis-Fantastic atmosphereNeutral:-Clunky controls (Definitely on purpose though, remember the whole relying on your ""skills"" bit)-Not given all the information you need (Didn't find the first aid screen until a little too late)-Can start to feel stressful-I started on the ""traveler"" (easy) difficulty to play through the game once, it's still giving me a run for my moneyCons:-Time dosen't stop while your in the crafting and equip menus (Expect to lose a decent amount of time if you haven't memeorized the crafting recipes and like to know what crafting ingerdients to look for)-Depending on rng too many challanges coming at once.-If your a very visual person, don't expect a fantastic tutorial.Recomendation for the game:Add more options that make the game easier or ""gameier"", like Darkest Dungeon.Option to ""clean up"" controlsOption to add ""bulletime"" to boatingOption to turn off time progression in inventory management and crafting"
76561197984384342,Not Recommended,318600,31026931,Posted: 8 April,all,Link,"The game itself is beautiful. The music is beautiful.  There are however several small issues that make the game almost not fun to play.  Once in a while I'll try to leave a camp and get stuck in the wall and my raft can be full health but then it blows up and i lose everything I just accomplished for the past 30 minutes.  As for the controls the inventory should be more easily accesible.  It's annoying to have to open up the inventory, but not have it open to your inventory.  There should be shortcuts to the different tabs within the inventory but that's not an option, so sometimes i'll hit ""I"" only to get into crafting, or vice-versa, when I'm trying to heal myself.  The animals seem a little overpowered as well.  I'll literally walk into a camp, check a car, and then a bear comes and one shots me.  I thought you'd be able to go explore inside buildings, but it turns out that you simply click ""Loot"" and instead of there being a loot item you have to slowly go mouse over the item you want and click it.  Overall, it's relaxing to play, but it seems a little obnoxious sometimes."
,Not Recommended,318600,21255472,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fatikis,"As is I would not recommend.The game is not difficult it is tedious.The only way to progress in the game is to strategically place items in your dog's inventory so you have them the next time you start over(Anything you keep with your dog is saved).  It is virtually impossible to progress passed the first 12 or so days without starting with a decent inventory in your dog.In my opinion this mechanic is not remotely fun. You simply have to keep restarting with the same basic starting gear until you get lucky enough to die with the correct items to be able to easily progress.I simply do not understand the extreme positive ratings.  The game isn't hard.  The mechanics are simple.  At its core the game is extremely easy.  It takes a while to figure out exactly what gear you should carry, what gear your dog should carry, and what you should store in your boat.  After that the game is 50% luck and 50% perseverance.The game isn't hard.  It is frustratingly monotonous.  Perhaps that is what other like.  The game is a lot of getting unlucky and starting over.First few play throughs were all right.Edit:Also the inventory system is terrible.  You have to move items constantly between yourself and your dog.  You can't craft with items carried by your dog.  You must move the items from the dog beside you to yourself.  With that you can't even drag and drop the items.  You must individually select the item and choose from a dropdown where you want to move the item to.A lot of tedious micro mangment.The crafting system is horrendous.As an example you need Braided Cords for EVERYTHING.  Braided Cords have one single ingredient Cat Tails.Simple right?To craft a hammer you need Braided Cords and Flint.When you are new to the game the menu shows you what items you can craft with what you have.Well the system does not recognise simple things like that if you have Cat Tails and Flint you have the necessary ingredients to make a hammer.  It specifically will say you do not have the items needed.  Any intelligent crafting system would automatically craft the intermediate component for you or better yet not have a useless intermidiate part.As a new player you must look through everything and fumble around and search to find out what actually makes what.  You may have the exact ingredients needed to craft what would save you.  However the system will show no notification as you have the raw components and have not went through the pointless system of crafting that single item into a different single item.Sounds simple, but this alone puts an annoying unnecessary learning curve into the game."
,Recommended,318600,19182507,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Coreus Symphonia,"Like scavenging for food, sailing on a raft and dodging cruel beasts? This game is for you.Early Access only has endless mode, which makes you sail (endlessly) on a raft down river to find a better signal for your radio. Your resources are scarce so you'll have to make do with what you find. Thankfully there's a dog to accompany you on your travels, Aesop, that also acts as a inventory mule.Along the water you'll find settlements, loot and workshops you can stop at at your own leisure. You'll need to scavenge these places for food, water, items and more to be able to craft whatever you need to stay alive. Also, pro tip: When it rains, use your jars to fill them up with unpolluted clear water!The Flame in The Flood needs no excuses to kill off unprepared adventurers - quickly. If you don't pay attention to your core metrics (hunger, thirst, temperature, etc.) you'll eventually start perishing. Stepping on poison ivy or trying to do a hand shake with a boar will cause cuts or broken bones that'll over time start festering if left untreated. Drink polluted water and you'll get an infection and stay out in the cold too long and your fingers may freeze off.Despite it actually being a gloomy, manage as long as you can before you die simulator, it's a charming experience and very beautiful set on a backdrop of the finest country bluegrass music you'll ever hear. Adding to the vibe of a wastelandic backwater America perfectly.A survival game that actually requires you to think ahead if you want to get far. And even if you don't, there's still a terrific atmospheric country soundtrack to ease your passage. Recommended."
,Recommended,318600,34649688,Posted: 31 August,all,SACPH4N70M,"After seeing the wave of negative reviews I'm a bit baffled.This game is very entertaining, It has some beautiful asthetics and soundtrack.It blends perfectly the line between intensity and calmness.One minute you're floating down a calm river, you and your dog against all odds to the sounds of water hitting your boat and some lovely music.Then the rain starts, and it doesn't stop, it keeps raining, and the river gets more intense, you land for some shelter and the next thing you know a wolf is chasing you and theres no supplies. You get to your beaten up boat, you're hanging on by a thread starving, soaked and just begging for some sort of salvation, the rain lets up, and you find a campfire and some food. And you're back at it. Your supplies get better, your boat gets stronger, and it's just a very rewarding experience!9/10 easily."
,Recommended,318600,31414904,Posted: 28 April,all,Dfault,Your dog cannot die. This is all that matters to me.
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,318600,31609560,Posted: 7 May,all,SilverWolf,"If there was a Neutral review this game would be a prime candidate for that category. There are elements to like and elements that will get to you, sooner or later, depending of how big of a fan you are of rogue-like survival games.I will only recommend this game on a Sale. I think the full price is not enough value for the content you get. Hence I give it a thumbs down on a full price purchase.The Good:- Art style is quite nice and unique, even tho your characters face has seen better days- The music is amazing and I would buy it if they released it as a side DLC- The stats meeters. They are not overly exagerated where all you need to do is address your charactets needs 24/7 but they are still there as a secondary objective throughout the goal. The first being exploring.- The Combat. I liked how the games makes you think ahead, lay traps in case you need them, etc.- Raft controls and upgrades- Weather and night time. They did a great job of making night feel eery and the rain to make you find shelter asap.The Bad:- The Story, or lack there of. You will run in to people along the way, you will run in to signs, but you will never quite figure out why you are stuck on a flooded river with your raft in the first place.- Inventory management becomes a chore fairly quickly in to the game. Some items should stack higher than 10 or 5 to help a bit with this issue. On the plus side, you have a good ammount of room before running out.- Repetiveness. Once you've been to 2-3 forest areas, you know what forest areas will be for the remaining 30+ you will run in to. There just isn't enough variation to keep you engaged for the entirety of the game.- Clothes. Your character can craft gear of all sorts, but they never change her appearance. Aditionally, towards the end of the game I had fairly high end clothes(Wolf and Boar gear), yet I was still taking a lot of hits in the temperature meeter. I would like to see more explanations of what gear you need as you go."
76561198014203580,Recommended,318600,21536802,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NHTI Gaming Professional,"This game is excellent, and it's because it has the perfect mix of two awesome survival ""games"" within it. Upgrading your boat and traveling down the river is a equally as important as docking and scavenging for supplies. Staying along the river helps eliminate the possibility of exploring too much, which I find I do a lot in more open survival games. Now, that may turn some people off, but it really shouldn't. the game feels big enough as is. There's plenty of islands to explore and they'll never be completely the same due to the procedural generation. I really love that combination of the sailing and docking, it's excellent. If you're on the fence, buy it. I doubt you'll regret it. With an awesome soundtrack, really fun gameplay, and very good replayability, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,318600,18179037,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Nassegris,"After a while, I couldn't help but wonder if this was, in fact, the story of a serial killer dog who lures little girls out into the wilderness to die, and then proceeded to eat their corpses before going in search of the next little girl.It is an incredibly punishing game - but all the more wonderful because of it. Every step of the journey is a challenge. One tiny little mistake, and suddenly you have two broken legs and you're trying to drag yourself to your raft with two wolves breathing down your neck... only to get smashed to smithereens a few feet off the docks by a careening float-away-house.The crafting is simple and pleasant. Easy to remember and intuitive. The music is captivating and the graphics are charming. The game is sweet but somehow a bit macabre, at least that's how it feels to me when I send my tenth little girl down the river to get bashed to death against the rocks.Even with the difficult navigation of the rivers (which is usually where I die), I find it to be very enjoyable. If I die, at least I've saved some of my favourite items for the dog to give to the next unfortunately (and short-lived) girl.Definitely worth the money, even at this early stage."
76561197973528410,Recommended,318600,18208357,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kalas,Oregon trail meets Don't Starve. A true survival game that pits you against the environment. Rafting takes focus and survival takes careful considerations. I noticed I consistently felt 'comfortable' and then everything would go horribly wrong. This game rewards those who constantly pay attention and punishes those who feel complacent. You are never safe on the river.Amazing game. Good difficulty.Could use some quality of life improvements on the UI. Soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,318600,32216624,Posted: 6 June,all,WHAM,"Aww, look! A cute dog! Oh... look! A skeleton! And a kind creepy protagonist, too!The world is flooded, a grand river full of dangerous debris stands between you and an unknown destination, and along the way are campsites, city ruins, liquor stores and marinas, often populated by bunnies, bears, wolves, ants and snakes. Goddammit I hate snakes!The gameplay seems to draw quite a bit of inspiration from Don't Starve, but almost entirely skips over the supernatural and fantastical elements of that inspiraiton, so instead of having to survive against clockwork chess pieces and nightmares made flesh, your most common enemies are the common beasts, the elements and the frailties of the human body.It's a simple enough concept, delivered well enough, that the gameplay has kept me going and interested to see more of what's left to be discovered. To top everything off, the game has a decidedly unique and, in my humble opinion, absolutely wonderful little soundtrack that fits the theme and feel of the game perfectly. The way the game often times the start of a new bit of music just when you hop onto your crummy little raft and head down the stream towards new dangers just gives me the chills!The tech and the visuals of the game do have their sorftalls, though. The game has crashed quite a few times, though fortunately the frequent autosaves mean that very little progress is usually lost. Some of the visuals are also a bit buggy, camera angles can hop around in jarring ways when near your raft and sometimes the foreground trees float in the air when you are moving between locations.None of this, however, has really managed to bring down my mood when playing this game, nor has it impeded my enjoyment of the experience as a whole.The Flame in the Flood comes well recommended by yours truly!Playtime: 10+ hours (Numerous attempts, no game completion so far. Review is thus based on incomplete gameplay experience.)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 7Audio: 9Story: 6Gameplay: 8Overall: 8"
76561198051505211,Recommended,318600,23810683,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AvengeAnubis,"Just bought this game off the Summer Steam Sale and I'm enjoying this game! So this is a survival/sandbox game that is similar to Don't Starve and others but don't write this off as seen it, done it. The Flame in the Flood has its own charm, great soundtrack, and unique style to get the most seasoned of gamers to give it a shot.Music- 10/10: Feels like you're rafting out in the Appalachians with a gritty country/gypsy melody. It adds to the game and pulls you into the environment with upbeat country riffs and blues style gritty singing. I'm currently listening to the soundtrack as I type to you all :)Graphics and art- 8.5/10: The artstyle of the characters, animals, and environment is unique and great use of color but some more detail on characters would be nice.Story- 7.5/10: The main campaign story is basically you play as Scout who is accompanied by her dog, Aesop, trying to navigate your way down the flooded river in the post apocalyptic Appalachian/South U.S., picking up items to upgrade your raft, tools, and clothes, and in the meantime staying alive through hunting and gathering. That's basically it..., if you're craving story, get something else.Gameplay- 7/10: Using an Xbox 360 controller for Windows immensely helps with controlling your character, your raft, and crafting. Using the keyboard to play will probably make your hands cry and plot against you. It's a little awkward with the inventory interface trying to craft, move things, and use weapons at first but you get used to it. Controlling the raft through the whitewater rapids is little difficult as you'd expect with only being on a couple of planks lashed to several barrels. Weapons are scarce but that's the point...it's survival, not slaughtering everything with a couple of AKs from your pack.Extras- You get an endless river option which is the sandbox option of the game. Just being on an endless river, hunting, gathering, upgrading...it's basically the game sans the story.Overall- 8.5/10: If you like survival sandbox with an post apocalyptic Appalachain/Southern flavor, you'll enjoy it! It's simple, easy to get into, and just pick up after work."
76561198082530277,Recommended,318600,21469513,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,trentiscoool,"As a massive fan of both Chuck Ragan and Scott Sinclair, this game was a no-brainer for me.  The music is awesome, and the art is amazing.  With that out of the way, here's a little about the game:Gameplay involves using your raft to navigate a river.  Along the river there are different locations you can stop at to forage for supplies.  There are a few different classes of locations, and each class has a different pool of items, services, and enemies that might spawn there.  You'll need to decide when to stop based on your needs at any given moment and your ability to defend yourself should enemies await you.  Along with genre staples like hunger, thirst, body temp, and fatigue, you need to manage a few things about your raft. Repairs, reinforcements, and hull upgrades motivate the collection of supplies beyond simply food and water. They way that those two systems (your body and your raft) interact with each other is engaging and it serves at the meat of the gameplay experience.There isn't really combat like in Binding of Isaac or even Spelunky. Instead, combat plays more like a puzzle game where you choose to use consumables to kill, trap, or flee from animals. The catch, though, is that most of the ingredients you’ll use to dispatch animals (and in turn gather food and fur) are also useful in upgrading your raft.  Will you use that lumber to build a fire and cook meat, get sleep, and craft medicine? Or will you use it to expand the cargo hold? What about a rudder to help navigate the rapids? This is a game about choices more than it is about dexterity.There are two game modes: campaign and endless.  Mechanically the two modes are identical, however in campaign mode you come across set pieces that feed you atmospheric story elements which culminate in a pretty satisfying ending.  There are two difficulty settings in this mode, and I'll call them ""kinda easy"" and ""ball shatteringly difficult."" I can't remember what they are actually called.  In the easier mode, each of the set pieces serve as checkpoints that you can respawn at if you die.  In hard mode, it's permadeath and there is a shortage of item spawns.  I wasn't able to make it more than 30 minutes in hard mode, but I was able to complete easy mode in about 6 or 7 hours. I'm not sure exactly.  I was extremely thorough in my playthrough, though.  The difficulty in endless mode is a near perfect split between the two difficulties of the campaign, and while there is permadeath in endless mode, your dog serves as a between-playthrough storage container that you can pack with a few essential things when you start to feel the sweet embrace of death.  He’ll be waiting for you when you start again.Overall, I’d recommend it.  It’s a beautiful game and the story that unfolds in campaign mode is actually really well realized - the way it illustrates certain game mechanics (specifically the dog) is very clever and it gives the in-game universe a sense of hope, perseverance, and loneliness that’s hard to explain unless you play through it.  The moment to moment gameplay isn’t the most exhilarating or physically demanding in the rogue-lite market, but for what The Flame in the Flood lacks in dexterous gameplay it more than makes up for in atmosphere, theme, art, and music."
76561197976880074,Not Recommended,318600,30705966,Posted: 24 March,all,Jaeger,Pros:+ Chuck Ragan Soundtrack.+ Interesting art style.+ Rafting and wilderness survival sounds like it would make a good game.Cons:- Chuck Ragan Soundtrack download not included with the game.- Gameplay is tedious and repetitive.- No pausing to manage inventory.- Progress is reliant on inventory management and RNG.- No save game system.I should have just bought the soundtrack.
76561198017065468,Recommended,318600,24152484,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jorrrrrn,"I bought this game wayyy back during its Early Access and, at the time, I wasn't quite sure which way it was gonna go with the Magic Rating Thumb. But I finally went and revisited the game after quite some time, and I'm happy to say that the game's earned a positive review. While it may not be THE greatest game EVAR, I still feel that it's well worth the $20 asking price.The art style and soundtrack are right there for you to sample in the previews, so no surprises there. Both definitely add to the total package.Gathering and crafting are huge aspects of the game, but how they're applied makes things interesting and unique from other survival games I've played.The river you're traveling along is procedurally generated, but it's divided into different regions with different natural tendencies, as reflected in the different location types you'll find along the way. This requires you to constantly think about what you need and focus on looking where you're most likely to find it. It also requires you just step on the gas from time to time and ignore what might be unnecessary stops on your journey--after all, the clock is ticking on your hunger/thirst/fatigue, and grabbing everything for grabbing's sake can leave you in a precarious position later on.The danger level at each location can vary quite a bit, as well, sometimes forcing you to skip what you thought were easy pickings. The scarcity of resources combined with the risks in getting them can put you in a serious bind, and that's when the survival part becomes less methodical and more intense. Short of flat-out getting mauled by a bear, there's a remedy that will fix almost any horrible thing that happens to you... but you may not always have the proper resources for it, or you may need them for something else. Tough choices to be made. Minor injuries can progress into more horrible ailments, and multiple afflictions can leave you weakened and vulnerable enough for the next papercut to push you over the edge.The other big portion of the game is the act of rafting itself. While some folks have complained about mixing genres or game pacing, I personally just like the little wake-up it provides from what would otherwise be more repetitive hoarding/crafting. Rafting can be some serious work... While having a controller isn't an ABSOLUTE must, it will make your life on the river much easier (and probably longer). Your raft can only take so much abuse, and a controller stick will have a noticeable impact.Some folks have pointed out that inventory management can be a bit maddening. In the early game, I'd say that's very true; expanding your inventory by crafting Pouches and building storage space on your raft should be a VERY high priority. But once you start knocking out these upgrades things finally settle down; there are only so many different kinds of items in-game, and the max available inventory space means that you can definitely have a stack of everything you need along with some double stacks. Getting through the earlier part of the game, though, may drive you nuts as you swap items back and forth between your backpack, your dog companion Aesop, and your raft. Take a valium, start collecting materials for Pouches, and you should be OK.One other issue that's been addressed in some reviews is the game's difficulty, and I'm glad that they tweaked this after their full release. Early Access only had an Endless Mode which was endlessly brutal... Now, you can play the campaign on two different difficulty levels or play Endless Mode in its original form if you're still up for the old challenge. The devs collected a lot of user data while they were building the game and adjusted the frequency of resources, beasts, etc. to make sure that no single aspect of the game was completely soul-crushing. There were times during EA when that was almost the case, but that's all behind us now.Unless you dig through the wiki or watch some YouTube tutorials, prepare to die a lot in the beginning. But isn't that what survival games are for?Overall, I'd say that it's a great $20 title. 8 out of 10, but near the top in comparison to other games in this price range."
76561198123579599,Not Recommended,318600,32716913,Posted: 24 June,all,HotLittlePotato,"I will only recomend this to people who %100 percent enjoy being punished for even trying to survive and an ULTIMATE challenge. I love survial games and I will attempt to keep trying this game. But for the love of god add a quick save/ reload quick save feature. The dangers of being on your raft and what you may encounter on islands are bad enough as it is. Any enemy can beyond wreck your day if you are unlucky enough to encounter even just one, and the raft is just as dangerous. You can armed to the teeth to defend against creatures but cant repair your raft and die because you drown (the raft is hard enough to control as is). Or find things that only repair your raft but nothing to defend agaist the wilderness and die from that.  Reloading from a check point after braving the already harsh contdtions with nothing to show for it, feels BEYOND punishing, especially when you have a very good chance of getting none of you previous progress back.I love the style and the music of the game. I think it could be very enjoyable and I would love to sink more tie into it. I just wish that it didnt have to feel like Im wasting time with every attempt to only make a smallest amount of progress."
,Recommended,318600,21636026,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Glorfinnin,"Just finished the game on my first full playthrough. What a fantastic experience! Great music, great graphics, fun, challenging gameplay, and a neat art style/story line. The story is subtle and simple, but really interesting. I would rank this game up near Don't Starve and Bastion in terms of unusual character, art style, music, etc. Definitely got my $17 dollars worth out of it! If you like a fun, challenging diversion with heavy survival elements (shelter, food, water, animal attacks) then GRAB this game NOW!"
,Recommended,318600,18175245,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,أوركيدا,"UPDATE (1)you know its a survival game when all you do is survive 10 hrs. (maybe less), i've been waiting for this game for months! while its too early to give out a review, this game is so beautiful. and i admit, i keep dying because i take too long staring at stuff! its pretty difficult though! i hope the developers add different play mode, for people like me who enjoy challange, but also wanting to take all the beautiful scenery in and not feel rushed (because you'll die often)so far, i'm enjoying this. the developers got something special here, and i cant wait to see more.EDIT : i did not mention this, but the soundtrack is SO GOOD. very immersive and fits well with the game. the only thing i hoped, that they would add it to the game file so i can listen whenever i want (its that good) or at least give us the option to buy it :)UPDATE (2)with the updates, i think the developers have fixed for now the punishing state the game was in. i can go on for 3+ days now. I think the inventory system should be updated, you'll always have too much things to carry. which can be difficult if you wanna craft stuff. Plus i hope Aesop our dog can help us more than just carry stuff, maybe we can train him to fight the baddies? please make this a thing. or AT LEAST make him dodge the wolfs etc... so scout can run. i hope they add something like that to Aesop. :)"
76561197989059283,Recommended,318600,18311564,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,THREE PHASE,"The Fire in the Flood is the most amazing survival-themed Bluegrass music experience on Steam.In all seriousness, it's a great game, even in early alpha with some quirks and bugs it's extremely fun to play, and a very enjoyable and challenging experience. I have extremely high hopes for this game, and I've been burned in early access before (I'm looking straight at you, DayZ Standalone), so that's saying a lot."
,Recommended,318600,21674462,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,B1A4,"If You like some roguelikish survivalism with lovely atmosphere without mind–boggling grind, definitely try The Flame in the Flood. It is more kinetic take on traditional survival genre, as You are not building your base again after each death, but You just hop on your raft and sail away."
,Recommended,318600,21447350,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Bench,A really sweet survival Game.+awesome Soundtrack+easy to understand+super addictiveSeriously! Please give this a try.
76561198046469572,Recommended,318600,23624227,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cyberϟam,"I am liking this. Something I kick back in the morning, to start of a long day. Gets me thinking and going. Soundtrack is good, game play is challanging and it's got a lot of options. I've only played a few runs so far, ending different each time, with completely different builds."
76561197995360668,Recommended,318600,30001908,Posted: 17 February,all,Endulien,"This game is somewhat simple, but in a really great way.  It's relaxing to play, in a way that hardcore survival games are not.  The music contributes to this and fits perfectly the atmosphere.  Mastering the game makes you resilient to even the most dangerous encounters.  No random and unavoidable deaths due to impossible-to-survive situations.  This game may not have wide appeal, but it appeals to me with its admopsheric and survival elements."
,Recommended,318600,24419646,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"I'll get right to it and hit you with the good and the bad!PROS:- Refreshingly unique art style- Charming and immersive music, floating down river listening to some country guitar just feels so right- A learning curve that punishes you, but will leave you feeling accomplished with every step upwards you take- Very fun game mechanics, the interactions with enemy MOBS may be somewhat limited but you have several ways to dispatch every foe in the game- Rafting! And upgrading said Raft! (You'll feel like a boss when you're floating down river on essentially a houseboat)- Special enemies! I won't say any more, but there are a few suprises on this river..- Amazing campaign, I was pretty immersed in the story and the ending of the game was perfect to me- Endless mode for those who truly want to test their survival skills to the maximumCONS:- The menu system is rough, maybe it was just me but it didn't feel very intuitive and took me some getting used to.- As mentioned above, the menu takes some time to get the feel of, however it doesn't pause the game, so work quickly!- Quite difficult at first, expect your first encounters with new enemies to go poorly, but keep trying and eventually every creature will be just another mealI really had trouble coming up with any cons, I'm sure there's some other things that might be tedious to the average player but overall I personally loved this game. I'll definitely sink more hours into the endless mode, or maybe try to beat my record time on campaign!Don't forget to get those achievements :)"
76561198114782031,Recommended,318600,23318127,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kuromori16,"I loved every moment I spent on my awesome raft adventure, I started out eating catails to survive, sewed my wounds up with fishing line and a fish hook, was stalked by wolves,  gored by a boar, bitten by snakes, almost froze to death,  bitten by fire ants, sat in poison ivy, had a bear almost cave my skull in,  and ended up in Disney World at the end with my life!  A good start means everything, and the soundtrack is great,  can't stand country music, but this is a great soundtrack that I listen to quite a bit."
76561197995251370,Not Recommended,318600,30172032,Posted: 25 February,all,Harvey Manfrangensengen,"While the art direction and game concept are both very attractive the actual gameplay I found lacking. Like many procedurally generated games, at first the world seems rich and diverse, but after the first hour or so you will continue to revisit the same looking locations with subtle but ultimately meaningless variations.I found myself spending a large portion of my time in this game organizing and reorganizing my various inventories. For a game that hinges on what your character has, and can make, in order to survive, this issue made the game profoundly unfun. This was made doubly so, because game time does not pause when in the menus, and so often time is the most valuable commodity in the game. So how quickly you can get the right items in the right place to craft what you need makes the difference between surviving the night, and restarting at the last checkpoint. No thank you.Lastly it seems that luck was much to large a factor in how far one is able to get in a given run."
,Recommended,318600,21553807,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Darth Maulana,"NOT REGRET BUYING THISAs a former player of many survival games like Don't Starve, Minecraft, etc.. this one felt like the Oregon Trails version of them all. Immerse yourself in a dangerous world, where anything could happen.. die in stravation? Check. Died because of fractured bones? I got one..Overall, its a very good game, and i can sum it all with this formula:MUMFORD AND SONS + KATRINA HURRICANE + SURVIVAL + TIM BURTON WITH A CRAYON = THE FLAME IN THE FLOOD"
76561198018460505,Recommended,318600,18178660,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"A beautiful survival game encompassing not only a wonderful crafting system, but challenging survival gameplay and awesome music/cinematics and a rafting system that is just amazing.  It is CHALLENGING you will be gritting your teeth in range as you raft crumbles against a rock, or as a wolf mauls your already weakened, starving frame. This is a hardcore game, once you die you have to restart. I think there could be some improvements, the crafting system seems a bit overburdened, certain simple items such as ""Bandages"" require finding fairly hard to find items to craft. Anyway my spoken word is far better than my written one, so here is my first look ""and attempt"" at surviving in the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHPj9KebU2Q"
76561198084439709,Recommended,318600,29229020,Posted: 13 January,all,lava,"PROS:Enjoyable ConceptSoundtrack made for the game is excellentSurvival is chalenging but not impossibleCOULD BE IMPROVED:Controls- The rafting controls can be clunky and the rudder upgrade is baisically required. The ""row hard"" often pushes you farther than you need, putting you in danger of a crash because you avoided a crash; this could be remedied by shortning the length of the movement and increasing the amount that can be performed in quick succession.The controls for the bow could be improved so you can move while using it.Workbenches- To craft some higher tier gear, you need to find a workbench at certain locations. The problem is that you can go annoyingly long without finding any, leaving you with the materials you need to craft something but not being able  to. This could be fixed by having workbenches at marinas, which are sure to spawn in each region.Inventory/crafting- Too dependent on having open space to shuffle things around; magnified by having some materials be only used for one thing (wolf hide) and others be used for almost everything (cattail)CONS:Low replayabilitySome non-gamebreaking bugsTL;DROverall, I enjoyed the game despite its flaws and you should consider getting it if you like survival games. If you're still on the fence wait for a sale."
,Recommended,318600,24903767,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,softpockets,"This is probably my favourite game of all time. It combines adventure and survival and just...beauty and music together perfectly. I am so attached to the Scout and Aesop (and even Daisy).Couldn't recommend higher if you like games that are a little open world but with an ultimate goal, and who are suckers for the EXPERIENCE playing a game, you know, aesthetically and emotionally."
,Recommended,318600,21438636,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Broq,"This games grows in you, to the point that you absolutly love it! the OST is insane and the mechanics super fun :DI didnt expect a game like this, what a nice surprise."
76561198070598696,Recommended,318600,23347959,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ross.david.c73,"Very enjoyable game.  Played it during Early Access and then after the full release.  Great soundtrack and visuals, cool crafting and survial elements  The game plays well and other than one minor issue I had with a save file getting corrupted and my character getting stuck in the ground as a result... I would highly recommend this game."
76561197993894575,Not Recommended,318600,28657975,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bumbaclad,Some the best music ever in a game and a great concept. The alpha was fantastic and from what I can tell the hardly added any new content since. What they did do was break several aspects of the game and now the game is a hot infuriating mess. Get stuck on nothing when undocking or moving next to land while on your boat and must exit and restart. Get stuck on buildings and have to exit and restart. Save games can just vanish on you when trying to log back in. Items that are supposed to carrier over from your dog now may just disappear when you start a new game. Used to be much more stable before they released and for that I would not recommend playing the latest version.
,Recommended,318600,21559687,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,taosaur,"The killer feature here is atmosphere. The music, artwork, lighting changes, weather, and the way you move on the river combine to create a world you want to come back to. The campaign has enough progression and diversity to offset the kind of repetition you see in a lot of procedurally generated games. Playing with a controller is highly recommended over keyboard and mouse. The crafting elements are on the simple side, but quite satisfying for a survival sandbox veteran. The raft upgrades are more conveniences than necessities. What's more important is upgrading your clothes to survive the elements, and getting the supplies to remedy what ails you. It's not a game about defeating enemies, but finding what you need to survive the day and moving on, day after day after day. The story elements in the campaign are few and far between, especially early on, but they're well done.On the whole, an easy recommend to any kind of survival fan. Expect to die a lot and start over while learning the ropes, and there's always the possibility of getting dealt a bad seed (a map with a cat tail shortage in the early regions is not a lot of fun), but if you're willing to learn what it takes to survive, it's a unique, rewarding experience. I don't know what kind of replay value the endless mode will have for me, but I've already had my money's worth from the campaign, about 80% through."
,Recommended,318600,23998380,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ducky of War,"I bought this during the Summer Sale and have completed the campaign.The Flame in the Flood is a survival, sandbox game featuring an un-named scout and her K-9 companion as they traverse downriver to find sanctuary. Survival games are usually not my cup of tea but I really liked the art style, so I decided to give this a try and I'm glad it to say that for me, it was money well spent.GameplayThis game is all about surviving. The gameplay focuses mainly on crafting, foraging and keeping an eye on your vitals. You have four vitals: hunger, thirst, temperature and fatigue, which need to be monitored. There are weapons per se, except a bow and arrow, but mostly dealing with hostile animals will involve the use of a varying variety of traps and bait. The Scout can also be afflicted with several ailments and injuries, all of which are curable, provided you have the necessary items. On water, you travel from area to area on your raft while avoiding debris, which can break apart your raft. The inventory system consists of your bag, your dog's bag and the raft storage. The inventory system is quite cumbersome and the only flaw I found throughout the game. The inventory doesn't allow switching of items between your bag and your dog's bag, if both are full, meaning that I have to drop items from my bag and then my dog's bag and then pick them up again. It's a mess. The game also has quite a steep learning curve, without much information being given at the beginning, but I personally thought that this allowed me some space for exploration and discovery on my own, since I don't like being spoonfed.PlotThe game features a small story which I guess is normal for games that mainly focus on survival. I already summarized the basic plot which is finding sanctuary. Honestly, the story isn't the strongest point of the game, and only involves about 4 actual story missions, but it is still good. While travelling downriver, you will come across some quilts which tell stories about the people that inhabited the place before the great ""Evacuation"". You'll also come across a few characters on your journey. Overall, when I finished the campaign I did have a smile on my face.Artstyle/GraphicsThis is one of the reasons, I was interested in the game and one of its strongest features. The Flame in the Flood boasts beautiful artwork and multitude of colors. From the dark black wolf, to the bright orange flames, to the serene blue river at night, this game is a sight to behold.Plus, the soundtrack is pretty nice too.Overall, The Flame in the Flood is a great, enjoyable game to play even if you aren't a survival fan like me. If you love the artstyle and gameplay, I'd recommend getting the game. Though, it may be better to wait for a better sale, if you're not sure."
,Recommended,318600,29720915,Posted: 5 February,all,Hobo Joe,"I love how I see people not reccomending this game after playing it for only 1-2 hours. Most times that's not even enough to complete the game.Flame in the Flood is an absolutely amazing game with a great soundtrack. It is absolutely unqiue survival game, and one I will never forget/get completely burned out on.It is a great experience, without it being very stressful, and entertaining to play. You can defintely get sucked into the game and replay it over and over, in my opinion. Completing challenges you thought you couldn't do before.I saw someone compare this to, ""Don't Starve with the Shipwrecked expansion"", absolutely wrong. This is its own experience, no other game can compare to it.-Joe"
76561198090333560,Recommended,318600,23691681,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,hogey99,"Very fun game. Great music, interesting story, and some fun mechanics. It can be frustrating at times but it does have some replayability, so dying isn't terribly tragic, and there is a mechanic where a past life can help the next run."
,Recommended,318600,21654886,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Miko,"The way this game presents its story, challenges, and little quirks to you is brilliant. The whole mood of the game is spot on. Most importantly for me though, it made me not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the use of procedural content (something I generally dislike) and made me give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about inventory management/crafting (something I abhor) by making it intuitive and just generally good feeling. Every part of the gameplay lends itself to the story and feel."
,Recommended,318600,18231840,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,OpCode90,"A pleasant, and sometimes terrifying trip down a river hunting for food, discovering old remnants of civilization and setting up deadly traps. As a Rogue-Like Flame in the flood succeeds; it gets me to try again, and again, while I slowly build knowledge about the game. The atmosphere and art style are well realized and the core mechanics for survival are promising, with the upkeep and upgrade of your raft as a portable shelter, and your own needs as a teen-age girl lost in the wilderness. I actually look forward to going back to this game as it unfolds and deepens, which is more than I can say for many Early Access games. I hope the positive reviews keep pushing this game up on Steam to give it more visibility."
76561198005394486,Recommended,318600,32920438,Posted: 28 June,all,Judgemean,"Very fun little survival game. You die horribly, a lot. Then you start figuring out stuff and learning the ropes. You die horribly again, but you start progressing. Eventually you reach the end, which I found to be very well delivered."
,Not Recommended,318600,28488721,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yossarian hund,"Nice graphics and lovely idea. Really enjoy the concept with the river rafting. However, personally I feel the outposts you visit are a bit too dead. More characters, with more fleshed-out personalities, would've been nice. What I feel is the game's weakest point, however, is the trapping. Feels like the best way to go about it always is by abusing the game's systems. As others have pointed out, inventory management gets a bit annoying as well.It's entertaining for a while and looks pretty. Soundtrack is nice. Cool concept. I'd recommend it for no more $10 (half the full price at the time of writing), unless you don't think you'll mind its flaws."
76561198167363894,Recommended,318600,33962198,Posted: 1 August,all,PegLegMeg,"I adore the graphics in this game.  The soundtrack is beautiful, the 'flavor' of the world both amusing and interesting.  Overall this is just a stunning game.  It practically oozes the amount of love the creators clearly had for it, and that comes through in a game that is dedicatedly well-rounded (to horribly mangle a few metaphors).But.It is far more arcade-y than I was expecting... something kinda like old school frogger, where you are just always trying to dodge the traffic.  It is hopping from the (dangerous) river to (dangerous) land and back again.  And there are a number of ways to die beyond a crashed raft or some specific animal at one of your ports of call.Unfortunately, for an old dog like me, there just isn't enough time to breathe, let alone enjoy the artistry that went into this game.  And that just feels a bit too exhausting for the kind of gaming experience I normally enjoy.I do recommend this game, and I'm sure lots of people will enjoy it despite my lukewarm experience.    Just go into it understanding the pacing so you aren't quite as disappointed as I was when I finally got my chance to float on down the river."
,Recommended,318600,30108190,Posted: 22 February,all,Enygmas,"Just finished the game. I loved the game; the atmosphere, the challenge, the learning how to deal with different things.For those who don't know the game and are thinking to buy it; I would say it's some sort of combination of games like FTL, in which you choose where to go, what to do there, and gather resources to improve and face future challenges. Some sort of Don't Starve too, but much less challenging.The only bad thing it's the lack of replayability once you finish it.I am happy with the experience but I do not see myself doing it again."
76561198072130676,Recommended,318600,30258840,Posted: 1 March,all,Капрал Мазурка,"Is this indie masterpiece? - Definitely not.Is this game good? - Mediocre at bestDo I recommend this game? - HELL YEAH!Playing The Flame in the Flood, you will get yourself a scrapped-made raft, someone's backpack and a dog. The point of a game is to get food, clean water and clothes in post-great-flood North America, as you are going down the stream of fast waters from shore to shore. 'Shores' are different location types, where you can scavange stuff, get some sleep, create your survival kits, fix the raft, hunt or get your butt ripped by mamals of different caliber. Every next day, every mile further the temperature is going down, and god I hope you can get yourself a new set of warm clothes.TFITF has some story, which sometimes reminds you, that your hero night have a bigger porpouse. But she doesn't, except to go out there and not die. Also NPC's: wierd but pointless.There are dozens of bugs, but nothing's critical. The visuals are adequate, except main protagonist is way too primitive. Gameplay is repetitive, but not boring. I find this repetitiveness as a part of game. You can spend your free evening by playing along this amazing journey, and return back in a week to continue with another 1-2 hour session never worrying what was it all about.The Flame in the Flood will become your personal comfort zone to spend tired evening after a hard day. I think, that 'adventure' is the first word that should be used to describe the game. Survival is not over the top hard. Crafting is simple as you could imagine. Just get yourself a cup of something warm, crank up volume and follow along the journey down the river  accopanied with sound of americana. You will like it, I you not taking this game too seriously.PS: Support Chuck Ragan by purchasing ""The Flame in the Flood"" soundtrack  album from any store. Music is awesome itself."
,Recommended,318600,21360768,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kardashred,"Furthest distance achieved: 30 milesLongest run: 29 daysThis game presents a fun challenge. I'm a big fan of open world, exploration, resource management type games (GRAV, Don’t Starve, Minecraft, Torchlight, etc.).Favorite part: The Art Style is BRILLIANT! Very refreshing! The music is also relaxing and immersive.The ""Lazy River"" parts of travel are serene. Borderline meditative, yet short lived. The serenity is swiftly displaced when white water rapids put you back on your toes.A great part of this game is the developmental opportunity the devs have in front of them. The existing tedious nature of the game and menus will surely be improved upon, but it's not game breaking. If anything, it's a nice change of pace to the auto create features of more contemporary games. However, the menus are pretty inconvenient, especially the scrolling required to get a quick look at the desired item schematic. Other than that, I’ve yet to find any game killing mechanics. There was one point where I starved to death. That was miserable and I felt helpless.Also, apparently, keeping the “rare” gear in Aesop’s satchel will carry over to another game? Might just be a bug. Not sure. Definitely doesn’t aid the roguelike aspect of gameplay. But, I don’t mind the aid this early in the game. :)Recommendations:Coop mode (2 rafts, tie them together as an upgrade, getting split up while sharing inventory could be a fun dynamic, etc)Dog Abilities (Sick em, distract, hunt, etc.)Canibalize the dog (I know it's dark, but say for the survival aspect that you can eat him, and lose his inventory space as a hit to your available inventory)Arrows that require tinder instead of saplings.That is all for now. :)"
,Not Recommended,318600,33289096,Posted: 5 July,all,elFlashor,"I really want to like this game, as probably many others in the same situation than me.But when hazards are hidden right behind decor (like pipes or buildings) and you have no way of rotating the camera to see what's hiding behind (since the game doesn't have a concept of camera movement), and thus dying because of that, this is frustrating beyond measure.Being punished by the game like that, a way you can't have any control over, is really stupid. Losing hours of progress because of that really punishing and stupid save system feels really alienating. I litterally just ragequitted at that point, which never happens to me usually.It's sad, because the game is pretty well balanced (even if finding so few saplings can sometimes feel strange... I mean, you're surrounded by trees, you have an hatchet, you can cut a small branch to make an arrow...And don't get me started on firewood... You could burn anything around you, so why need these stupid logs that are used for raft upgrades too...?) and it can get really rewarding when you figure out how to deal with the hazards around you...The art style can be peculiar for some, it's rather simple and pretty to me.Overall a nice game.But that save system... urgh!"
76561198099919383,Recommended,318600,30518746,Posted: 14 March,all,RoArKa,"Very happy I bought this game. The art is beautiful and the music is magnificent. The gameplay can sometimes get repetitive, but the constant appearance of new threats and things to consider keeps it rather interesting. The autosave system can be really frustrating as you have to go back to the beggining of an area upon death, but as you get better it becomes less important."
76561197993158221,Recommended,318600,22933942,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mastergara_07,"This is quite possibly the most amazing thing ever... I HAVE no idea why it is soo good. my frustration level is HIGH but I cant stop playing it. beautifully done. Get the knife, get the hammer and HAVE a blast... have fun with this survival based game, Procedurally generated landscapes evil RNG (at least on survivalist) sadly I can only report 9.6 miles and 7 days. whatever they did with this thing is amazing. I will highly recommed it, if you like the ""dont starve"" theme... go get the game."
76561198112178736,Recommended,318600,32949446,Posted: 28 June,all,keylocke,"i sing along whenever i play this game.game is mostly flawless, although some casual players might think devs should tweak the algorithm that generates loot to increase the spawning of essential resources for traps and arrows, essentially since combat is inevitable.but i suppose that's the whole gist of the game : making the best out of a bad situation, learning when to cut your losses, balancing risk and reward, work with what you got, etc..aside from the cartoony graphics, this game can be surprisingly hardcore so many casuals will likely gripe about it.as for my main gripe : the bow/arrow targeting system is kinda wonky, sometimes the targeting cone doesn't appear. so i often had to retarget, reequip, etc.. until it finally appears."
,Not Recommended,318600,21582899,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Doallyn,"I like the idea of this game and the graphics look nice, but there is no depth to it at all. The difficulty curve is high but I'd be ok with that if there was a way to get into the game and build progress and develop. But there isn't, you can only carry over 6 items with the dog and meeting any wild animals early on is a quick death. Raft upgrades are a dream that would need grinding for and finding the right elements and then have it all blown away when you die because you werent crafting weapons.For the money there are better games out there at this level which offer a better gaming experience and give you a chance in the game. This just seems to offer the same few zones over and over without much opportunity to craft what you need to take the game on, other than relying on luck.Its a shame as the presentation is great. Almost wish they had done it as a point and click adventure instead"
76561197968752507,Recommended,318600,22243961,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,dictusSix,"Very nice game.Only negative point so far that there is no Linux version, as soon as there is one I will gift to a friend of mine."
,Recommended,318600,18465306,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,benbegaming,the game itself is really good and cant wait for the campain to come out and the soundtrack for this game is incredible! seriously would buy this game just for the music!
,Recommended,318600,34023691,Posted: 4 August,all,♛ANGEL♛,"The Flame in the Flood is beautiful game with great soundtrack and atmosphere.The main and unique thing in the game is the river, that forces you to go forward, instead of sitting in one place and building base.For me every island was interesting to visit and loot.I highly recommend this game for buing and at least completing story mode."
76561198071128358,Recommended,318600,34349203,Posted: 19 August,all,VoltaicGiant,"Fun game, Its Hard, so expect to die a lot, its a game of chance for most part, youll need a certain item to heal or cure an ailment which you gather at dock points between exploring. What you find however is the chance part. Theres a lot of urgency in this game you cant hang around youre always moving forward. Music sucks so just put it on mute like I do, or youll be dying in real life, a lot. Fun game, buy it on sale."
76561198151757619,Recommended,318600,24922282,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Neeners,"I would say there is somewhat of a learning curve when you first begin playing this game. At the start you have very little inventory space to work with, which can make the beginning pretty frustrating.However, that being said, once you get more inventory space and understand how the game works (i. e. how to manage inventory, what items are useful for what, how to kill predators easily, etc.) the game becomes much more enjoyable and even quite addicting.This game may go from being frustrating at the beginning (especially when it's your first time playing) to you actually thriving instead of barely hanging by a thread the whole game.I enjoyed the story too, the progression was pretty much perfect I would say.For those people who enjoy a survival game where you have to keep moving and want more of a ""realistic"" survival game (not always having to stuff food in your face, but have to manage resources and water well, watch your exposure level diligently, etc)  I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,318600,23007648,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Indie Critic,"(You can watch the Video Review on YouTube if you don't like reading.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BYc7juqq9wSo this is a game that a lot of people on my Twitter Channel really wanted to purchase but never got around to it. The Flame in the Flood, an Independent Rouge Like game developed by The Molasses Flood. If independent studios can do one thing right, that one thing would be making rouge like games. In Flame in The Flood you play as Scout, a small girl trying to survive hoping from island to island scavenging for food and supplies. There are plenty of dangers throughout the world, Starvation, Dehydration, Injuries, Wild Animals specifically wolfs, and Disease. Also the river itself isn’t just a peaceful canoe ride while listening to my girl Ann Taylor while painting with Bob Ross. It’s a brutal wasteland filled with jagged rocks, uprooted trees, rusting cars, and sinking houses.A pretty common occurrence within Indie Games is once again we have this spectacular art style, it looks as if I’m playing within a painting. Every single surface looks hand painted, and the soundtrack this game has fits so perfectly with the scenery it creates this great visual and auditory feeling that’s hard to match. But just as swiftly as these feels enter you they can be stripped away into an addicting panicky chaos. Like when you stumble onto your first Island at the wrong time of day and get mauled by a wolf, barely crawling your way onto the raft to make you escape.The game is just as much of a survival game as it is a rouge like game, most of your time will be spent scavenging throughout every island, crafting more useful items, and managing your hunger and thirst. You’ll have to endure in some hunting if you want to survive in this world since the further you go down the river the colder it gets. You’ll have to kill Rabbits, Boars, and Wolves to be able to craft better coats, boots, and hats. There are a variety of crafting options within the game and it honestly didn’t feel like a terrible nonsensical bore. Also a huge part of your time will be spent managing which items you want to pick up and when to craft them into their next tier of item, for example, Sapling into Tinder.The river in my mind is super neat, I love the fact that it’s always flowing downstream, if you miss an Island there is no going back. Also it’s a last line of defence against wolves. You can just flee the island hobble onto your raft and try to survive the brutal rapids till the next glimmer of hope, an island with a church. Filled with lots of supplies for healing your wounds and will probably become your favourite island in the game. There is one problem with the river, it’s a little bit difficult to manoeuvre through the rapid parts but to combat this what I did was tried my hardest to stay in the slower sections of the river and take my time.Now the game isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, there are a couple annoyances that I had with it. Maybe it’s just me but I swear to god every time I lit a fire it would start raining 3 seconds after. Every single time. Another minor issue is your dog companion barks every time he finds something. It becomes so annoying that you’ll be driven to muting the game and listen to your own western sly guitar music. The campaign mode in the game takes FOREVER! It’s not a one session game at all, I played for 3 hours and I hardly made it halfway through the game. For a game that kills you so quickly it makes it damn near impossible. However there are checkpoints at the start of each new zone, which there are 10 zones, I only made it to 5. You really need to be on point and paying attention all the time to visual and audio cues or you will die and you will die a lot.Either way all that stuff aside I really did enjoy the game I I think that everyone should at least give it a shot, I give the game a 7 out of 10 it’s a pretty great game and I feel you should pick it."
,Recommended,318600,30478379,Posted: 12 March,all,Timbra,"Wildlife has you, again and again but you'll survive.. if you wish thatThe game is awesome!I like that post-societal spirit with amazing country-rock soundtrack"
76561198056387161,Recommended,318600,22739111,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,dot_jpg,"A great survival game - not too difficult once you passed a certain threshold of gear, but I preferred it that way.I like the checkpointing as well, it's not frequent enough to lose the sense of urgency but still enough to avoid losing interest from restarting the whole thing over.The art was beautiful and interesting. The enemies annoying and tough (the snakes are my mortal enemy), but still defeatable - I really liked that you could lure most of them into dangerous situations rather than deal with them directly.The backstory was short and sweet, but there could have been a *little* more splashed about. I enjoyed talking to the few people I found and the dialect and language was well-matched to the characters.I hope to see more from the Molasses Flood in future!"
76561197979854503,Recommended,318600,18182889,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Emmet,"The game is great! Obviously it's its second day on the store, and it's an early access, so things can be a little bit buggy sometimes and some things are missing, but the game is really worth it.It's hard and unforgiving and reminds me of Don't Starve a little bit."
,Recommended,318600,29710230,Posted: 4 February,all,A Lightning Round,"I had a ton of fun playing Flame in the Flood. The soundtrack and art style are really engrossing and I can't stop listening to Chuck Ragan's music on my own time now.FitF is a good example of a game that knows what it wants to be and stays within those limits. You have a good (if a bit short) campaign that shows you the breadth of difficult situations you can get yourself into via crafting, needs management, and survival against both the elements and hostile animals. After the campaign, there is an endless mode that I didn't get into enough to really give an opinion on.Even with the limited amount of time I spent on this game, I don't regret a single moment. This title definitely deserves your attention and is even more attractive if you happen to find it on sale. If anything, look for the soundtrack on youtube and take a listen."
,Recommended,318600,18183429,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,PhysicalPariah,"Do I reccomend this game?Hell yes!It's equal parts chilled experience and survival/dread experience. The mechancics are solid, the graphics goregous. Runs like a dream on my relatively beefy windows gaming laptop.I've only played a little bit so far, but each time it gets more interesting.My only issue is that, whilst as I've said it runs fine on my gaming laptop,  it doesn't run well at all on my 2015 13"" retina Macbook Pro (2.7ghz core i5, 8gb ram, intel iris 6100 graphics) Even with all the settings jammed down to low.Either way, well done to the team at The Molasses Flood, keep up the awesome work!"
76561198022914679,Recommended,318600,26123148,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ユヤヂ ゼヤヂ,"Please play this game, it's the only survival game I have ever liked"
,Recommended,318600,21355351,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,WaifuViewTV/おねえーちゃ,"Survival?Groan.Roguelike?Groan.Survival Roguelike?Oh boy! That'stotallya new idea!But you know what? The Flame in the Flood is totally dope, it's got a great soundtrack, crafting isn't a disgusting pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and it actually looks nice, as ""charming retro/pixel art"" is nowhere to be found. The game presents itself for what it is, a comparitively simple roguelike (I believe Rogue-lite is the term?) that's decided on a few elements to incorporate and incorporates them well.You get a raft, you sail down a river and explore land when you need supplies, all in all it manages to be calming survival experience. With the exception of wolves and boars. ♥♥♥♥ wolves and boars."
,Recommended,318600,32874606,Posted: 27 June,all,OkayRei,"It's definitel a fun game. A little unforgiving in some areas, but that's part of the challenge! I do wish there was a better save mechanic though."
76561198176350521,Recommended,318600,18175306,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lunnabella,"I loveeeee this game saw Jacksepticeye and Muyskerm play it. been hyped ever sense, i find it to be a faster pase 'don't starve' witch I absolutly love. I do miss the fact we cant boil the water any more and im unsure were to find more purifiers. I do like the ability to pull water from wells and standing rivers, very nicely added. I am very stoked for the full 'campain mode' to be out, i want to know more about the radio! I also like the 'distance travled' map after death. lets just face it, im a huge fangirl of this game and want to see more!Play with gamepad, im on PC and its hard as hell, also, sense it is newly released, I worn players to go to go to the dry dock very rearly, it may cause your game to crash."
76561197969424239,Recommended,318600,23909463,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Janitor,"I have really been enjoying this game.I'm not really much of a fan of the survival genre, but this game struck a chord with me for whatever reason.  Maybe it is the setting, or possibly the art style.  It could definitely be the fantastic music too.  I cannot exactly put my finger on why I enjoy it so much, but I am definitely a fan.I have been playing on Survival diffiuclty which has perma-death and supposedly makes the game harder.  I have not tried regular difficulty so I have nothing to compare it to.  I have found it very entertaining to see how long I can survive, with each death being a learning experience for me.  I learn which materials are most important.  I learn what to craft first and what is most essential.  I learn how to deal with wild animals and how to treat wounds and injuries.  Each playthrough provides me with something valuable for the next.The environments can get repetitive.  So far that is the main con I see.  But the game definitely has character and soul.  That isn't something easy to come by."
76561197990855819,Recommended,318600,18457930,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ricardo,"Brilliant game! Awesome visuals, audio and game dynamics. Once you start playing its hard to stop.. That's the only game's major fault i noticed."
76561197978470234,Recommended,318600,31403469,Posted: 27 April,all,Rumbleball,"Really liked the mood this game had. The soundtrack made it even more genious. Unfortunately the zones in the end get a bit lengthy. Basically you can just rush trough them, without even refilling your meters. But took some retries until I got the mechanics of the game, so it wasn't easy at the start. But it's worth the bucks, recommend to get it."
,Recommended,318600,21558985,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Alexis Bjorn,"An overall lovely game, good for 6-12 hours of some travelling survival gameplay and a charming, pleasant aesthetic."
,Recommended,318600,28237315,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cloakbunny,The gameplay mechanics are great and the art style is stellar. I only wish that the developers would release more content.
76561197985242222,Recommended,318600,18266981,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dinohedron,"Amazing game with wonderful atmosphere, music, art style, gameplay. It's easy to get lost in the flowing river scrapping and scavenging to make it just one more stop!"
,Not Recommended,318600,31735261,Posted: 13 May,all,spamsandwich.,"The music is great.The game is not fun to play, to me. It is supposed to be difficult, but it too often feels like it controls poorly and is unfair, rather than being difficult in a meaningful way.Stamina is insufficient. If I ran into wolves I just had to abandon that location. Stamina depletes much too quickly to be able to run away from or around them enough to gather any resources at all. All I can do is head straight back to the raft.Resources for crafting are also insufficient. A couple hours into a run I had a raft schematic, timber, nuts & bolts or whatever items it was...one item short of an upgrade to the raft, but the RNG decided that that last item was just not available anywhere. If I had found that item; I then would have had to wait for the dice rolls to deem that I was able to dock at the one type of location where I could make that upgrade.It took a couple hours into a run to be able to craft traps as well, so that I could FINALLY start catching rabbits and have some food to keep my hunger over 40%. Or so I finally had something to defend myself from wolves or boars, or at least A wolf or A boar because I didn't have enough resources for multiple traps. I also saw the game talk about bow & arrows and even got some arrows at one point, but never found whatever it was that I needed to craft the bow.Then there were other times where I had enough items to craft something new, but the schematic didn't unlock (in this game, the crafting schematics are supposed to unlock once you have the items to craft it).I really like the art style of the environments, but it is entirely ruined by the main playable character design. Your character is so, so hideous. To the point of putting me off the game. Just ugly as balls...a particularly ugly set of balls... someone needs to be fired, from all of art for forever, for designing that character and releasing it for public consumption.The best part of the game is almost when you're on the raft, travelling down the river and the music picks up. However, the raft controls are bad. It is supposed to be hard to control ... I see that, I appreciate that ... but it isn't HARD to control, the controls are BAD.So the actual best part of the game is the music. Just go listen the soundtrack separately, without having to play the game along with it. That's a much better experience. I'm listening to the soundtrack as I write this and I'm just gonna stop writing and go find out where I can buy the soundtrack."
76561198068409097,Recommended,318600,18391418,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dota 3,nothing to sayjust buy it and try to play
76561198007566200,Recommended,318600,35111993,Posted: 21 September,all,wolf,"I really liked this game. The campaign, that is the tutorial too, is well made. The difficulty is good, not too hard, not too boring.I really enjoy the atmosphere, that is greatly done with the setting - how I love to flow down this river - and the music.As it is a survial game: I like that it is not that much realistic, not having having that deep research tree etc. I really like that simplicity in the gameplay. Still, it has it challenges.Unfortunately, it has some ""problems"" with description text cut off in several dialoges. As for me, I manage to ""complete"" them out of the context.Summary: There are some things, that are not perfect, but I really like this game, mostly of it's atmosphere and the really well done single-player-campaign-mode, and the well done campaing-single-player-mode. Yes, it's the same, but I personally find it's hard to find games that have a good single player and a good campaign, this has both of them."
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,318600,22892973,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Squish,"What this game does best is making you intrested in it for those bloody 2 hours that you can get a refund for it : the story is nonexistent,the interface is an unresponsive mess and you soon find out that there isnt that much to do at all.I dont understand the reason for it having so many positive reviews.The only truly good thing about it is its soundtrack but it really wont keep you intrested for long."
76561198003286305,Recommended,318600,18240301,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"Molasses Flood took the vibe of Beasts of the Southern Wild, blended it with beautiful post-Americana folk rock, injected it into a streamlined survival experience, and added a dog for good measure. It's brilliant."
76561198044889185,Recommended,318600,24139267,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hatchery,"Great music and an amazing adventure!However i am 5 hours in and only completed the 1st story mission, this game is very unforgiving.The first 4 hours are me trying to figure out how to kill a boar with some twigs.9/10 would make lethal twigs any day."
,Recommended,318600,21437779,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,{qoou} smant,"This is not my type of game. This is not my type of game at all. That being said, this is an enjoyable experience. Visually stunning, acoustically riveting, and easy to pick up."
76561198030478461,Recommended,318600,28753876,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,quaseymoto,"It's a survival game that really made me feel desperate, even when I was pretty setup and had a good amount of stores I still panicked every time something went wrong and a wolf is just as scary the first time you see one to the last time."
,Recommended,318600,18864097,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Andromedon,"I knew it was good, but I'll put it this way, I've played easily over 70 games, and this is the first I've reviewed. It's what I've been looking for in a survival game and more. Its actually has challenging (that means you WILL die, but thats the whole point of survival, to learn to die less?) and progressive gameplay with difficult but fair and exciting threats (which includes much more than the wildlife).The looks, audio (especially) and style of the game create a really unique and atmospheric environment which is as impressive as it is daunting (I've never had the urge to experiance the end of the world, but if I could tag along here, I've done worse...)Its even pretty replayable in endless mode thanks to the idea of the journey you're on, bringing a desire to go back and make those changes that might get you through an extra day. This is coupled with the random islands, meaning ou'll have to survive using some different means. However thanks to being well thought through, this encourages a change in your plan rather by scavenging the right stuff for the occasion rather than alternating with good and bad luck or just using a fixed plan. The use of the characters is quite impressive as even without diologue you can feel a sense of attachement to the pair as you travel with them.With an incoming story mode and an expanding world with updates it can only get better!"
76561198058879084,Recommended,318600,21485814,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jellybean,"Great art style, Fantastic soundtrack, interesting world, tense survival moments and the game has such a charm in it that it keeps me coming back for more.Also I died from a snake bite while busy crafting the dandelion tea that would have cured me."
,Recommended,318600,27783032,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,khrob,"I usually don't like a view point like this game, but this is one time that I fell in love with it. It feels like a game that has a nostalgic value without being older. The story is really fascinating and thoughtful without being hokey. It's also one of the only games recently to really give a challenge in surviving and making it down the river. Every aspect was something I had to overcome, be it food, animal wounds, illness, or navigating the river itself."
76561198011940534,Recommended,318600,28017625,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,angainor88,"Deceptively difficult, very addictive, with an excellent soundtrack and art style.Story mode is simple, but very nice. The worldbuilding is in a lot of the background details and characters. Endless mode is unforgiving (if you die, you lose your save game). It's a lot of fun, but can be frustrating.The only cons are a tendency to glitch (nothing game breaking, just mild inconvenience) and some of the achievements not working."
,Recommended,318600,22974346,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Muck Jay,"The Flame in the Flood is a beautiful game in many respects: visuals, sound, tone, pacing, difficulty.Pros:- Gorgeous art style; colourful environments but some etchy , slightly creepy character faces set the tone for a beautiful journey that's equally punishing.- The sounds and music are fantastic, nothing beats the elation of scurrying out of a danger zone after grabbing some valuable resources then having up-tempo bluegrass music kick off as you kick your raft away from the pier.- Difficulty: this is a hard game and you're not expected to survive the first trip, but in doing this you learn the value of a piece of flint due to its potential to keep you going for just one more day.- Tone, essentially an ""all of the above"" in this pros list.Cons:- Sometimes a little vague, it's hard to know some of the tools you have at your disposal (capturing rabbits alive means you can use them as distractions for wolves later on. you're welcome), this wouldn't be such a problem if the game wasn't as difficult as it needs to be.- Inventory clutter: this unfortunately is what got me to stop playing. On some stretches of game time I spent more time shuffling things about in my inventory just so I could pick up the one thing I needed. This isn't helped by the fact that the game isn't paused when you're item-sifting.Cons aside, I can recommend this game as a ""gorgeous thing"" and will probably be jumping back into it soon."
76561198012160186,Recommended,318600,25138597,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso,"This a great, original game. Easily in the top ten of the past decade.  Little gems like this make me happy in the world of gaming.Awesome Art/Graphics, Fantastic Music!""Don't Starve"" + ""Oregon Trail"" + ""Tubbin'"" = ""The Flame in the Flood.""DLC now!  TAKE MY MONEY!!!"
76561197962537193,Recommended,318600,21596068,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LoafyMolasses,"I love this game so much, I'm pretty sad I can't buy the ost for it through steam"
76561198084567847,Not Recommended,318600,23520437,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,pulses of beluge,"Not much of a game, yet. This will last you a week at most; irregular updates, uncomfortable control scheme, lacking content.Nice visuals and perfect audio. Nope for now, though."
76561197986140267,Not Recommended,318600,22656470,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,[EC] Appleseed,"I would really like to recommend this game.  There are a lot of wonderful story-telling qualities about it.  Yet some of the game mechanics are so difficult to work with, even after several days play, that it makes the game too frustrating to play.  Particularly navigating the river!  There are no ways to rectify the river sweeping you into a culvert orbay with a current that won't let you leave!  If you DO, for some reason, want the river to be that deadly, you need a mechanic to warn you that you're headed into death.  Otherwise, it's just chance and that's not a game."
76561197985661844,Recommended,318600,21481233,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Morbo,"A survival game with unique art style and great soundtrack. You need to play cautiously if you want to survive. Even the smallest cut can be your downfall in the long run.There are some minor bugs still present (sound goes missing randomly, game crashed a few times to desktop. some enemies getting bugged)The entire campane mode took me about 8h to finish.I feel like this game could become a lot better if there was some sort of DLC to add:- More wildlife (hostile/neutral)- More recipies (especially ones that build up on previous tiers. By the end of the game I had stacks of wolf and boar pelts with nothing to do with them).- More random NPC/Event encounters. Maybe have them have some sort of trade system (for the above pelts).- Dog upgrades (let him scare away snakes for example, keep wolves at bay (one at a time))?Minor anoyances:- When aming the bow you still sometimes miss even when you aim straight at the enemy"
,Recommended,318600,25528833,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,semisweetie,"This game was such a joy to play. Almost every aspect of it is absolutely fantstic! Flame in the Flood is a challenging but fun survival game with great art style, original music, random map generating, and a sense of exploration that left me excited at every turn to see what was next. It's a really great idea that they added an endless mode because even though I have completed the campaign, I am itching for more. I know I already mentioned it but the music is really fantastic, and is just really fits with the game and makes it even more enjoyable. I might even buy the soundtrack which I have never done for a game.With how much I enjoyed this game, though, there were a couple of things the developers should fix or add. For instance, feathers get stuck on roofs, rocks, and other places, I would say 50% of the time, which makes it where you can't pick them up! Kinda frustrating seeing as how you need them to craft crucial items. Also, achievments don't work for me and a lot of other players sadly. I have eared maybe 14 or so without really even trying just through the first playthrough and haven't recieved any. Lastly, its not really a problem with the game, but since it relies on checkpoints for saving (and they're reasonablt far apart), I end up having to keep the game up on my computer through the night and hoping my computer won't shut off or update or keep playing for another few hours into the night when I should have gone to bed long before lol. I would be fine with keepig the death respawn back at those points, as it ups the anti and keeps it more challenging, but I wish I could somehow save it in the middle of those checkpoints so that I could maybe get more sleep :).Even so, those bugs don't keep me from wanting to play this game for days without end and I am already looking foward to my next playthrough. If you like survival games that are easy to pick up, hard to put down, and with the best audio and visual experience you could ask for, this game definitely won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,318600,33217315,Posted: 3 July,all,kazia.webber,"This is a great game for killing time and if you enjoy a challenge, I've been playing for a little over 8 hours now and have yet to reach the end. There's a few bugs that I've come across but nothing that's been too inconveient. Only downside is the 'fighting' mechanic, or lack of. If you have no traps ready or no arrows/bow, you are screwed. Especially later in the game when animals appear more frequently and in larger numbers which can really screw you over if not careful. The survival aspect of this game is great though as it seems pretty accurate and provides a challeng even on the easier difficulty. Would recommend getting this game especially when on sale!"
76561198154877869,Recommended,318600,33362023,Posted: 7 July,all,I am Fatman,"A very beautiful game, I love the music and atmosphere. Reminded me of the movie ""I am Legend"".. A master piece!I have one complain about the game, after I have aquired all the equipments, I felt there is no need to visit every island anymore. I rushed a bit of region 8 and completely rushed region 9.. I wish if there is more than just armor.Nonetheless, the game is very beautiful and worth its value when it's on sale. I wouldn't recommend buying it on it's full price.A huge thanks to the Devs!"
,Recommended,318600,33381783,Posted: 8 July,all,kitsun9,"I just beat the campaign mode. The game has cool art and great soundtracks. In terms of gameplay, it is sort of like a much simplified version of Don't Starve. There is a wide selection of places to dock and the enemy mechanics is interesting (e.g. how torch repels wolves but attracts snakes). However, I do feel that it is not very balanced - in the last 3 out of 10 regions I pretty much didn't need to stop at any station and my food and weapon supply is way beyond enough. I had 3 pieces of bear outfits, one elder wolf, and one wolf.  Having enough of everything else, I spent most times finding flint and sapling in the later games. It is pretty hard to die unless you run into the face of a bear. The fact that it kept raining in my last few regions was annoying, but by then I had already stocked up on food and medicine, so I didn't have to face wolves when a torch cannot be lit.Still it was an enjoyable 10 hours play. Well worth it!"
76561198066910960,Recommended,318600,19723699,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,nathandrake208,Wow let me start of by saying this is hard man i tried it 3 times. for about 2 hours and i died in the first 10 minutes then i lasted longer but this definitely needs some heavy work if you expect people to last longer. The boars man what can i say about them. Why are they so damn fast and each hit causes a laceration which then its almost impossible to find nbandage or stitching kits like are serious. im trying to search a container because i needed a splint this boar comes out of nowhere with flash super speed and on top of that you loose hunger and sleep get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here. Its beautiful and i love the game but its very hard. i dont even die this much in dark souls and thats hard.
76561197960428124,Recommended,318600,19466784,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,XxBigdaddy,"Awesome game, cant wait for new features like campaign and stuff !!!"
,Recommended,318600,18328961,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SubWoofer,its very fun and has much potiential.One mistake and you're dead.Very enjoyable
76561197970395165,Recommended,318600,18395375,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bekkar,since this is an early-access game i've had excpected more bugs. but it runs really smooth. gameplay and graphics really work together. can't wait for further features to come it. but it still is fun with the current content. thumbs high in the air!
76561198043848166,Recommended,318600,18297168,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Grigoreen,"Great game. Loved the concept from the very start, i love randomness in everything! The game gifts the player with a unique cozy, emotional and extremely atmospheric experience. I love the visuals, love the music and i definitively am looking forward for more updates for the game.I would certainly recommend buying this product. It has a lot of potential in spite of being in early access. The game is worth its cost, the team worked fantastically well over this game and i love to see that bugfixes are coming within very small time frames."
,Recommended,318600,18378394,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Haylex,"Wicked game! Recommended if you like adventures like this kind of struggle. You are frikin tirsty but can't drin the poluted water, you are sleepy but will dehydrate and die :D. Its a great concept.Altough I am playing this on a mac air so sadly i have to put down the graphics and it still plays slow. Hope one day they fix the issue with that."
76561198044488033,Recommended,318600,18623650,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"The Flame and the Flood definitely nails the coffin in with this survival genre of a game. I do have some issues with the game however, but don't let this deter you from buying this when it comes out of Early Access. I am merely speculating on a game in beta and hope the implications of this review will, hopefully, get everyone to buy a copy of this game.First and foremost, I like this game. It's a survival genre game that tends to lean towards a dynamic nature side where you are a young girl, the main heroine of the story, rafting down a furious flood to an unknown destination, the flame in the flood if you will, that will (likely) end in your demise (e.g: starvation, dehydration, mauled to death by the local wildlife). It currently has no story (which i'm sure the devs will fix soon when it comes out of Early Access) but it's clear that you don't need much of a story to interpret what her purpose is in this game (I'll leave it to you to decide what you think the story is). As it is, it's a dynamic environment, using randomly proceedural generator to mix up what you encounter brilliantly, and often leads you to either a great gathering find or your imminent death. You feel nature's dynamic chao in this mechanic and it works well in tune with what the heroine wants to do: survive.Speaking of her, our main protagonist is silent, yet she emotes well from her actions and no amount of gasping or grunting can even come close to how the player understands her when she heels over and falls to the ground because of exhaustion, or how she limps when she has a broken limb. It's never a surprise if she becomes fatally hindered because the actions will always show before the prompt, giving you enough time to think fast for her survival. From an animator's standpoint, it's brilliantly created.The artwork is fantastic and beautiful. Her palette colors compliment the environment around her and the shadows are nicely shaded. Props to the art team, you've done well even in conveying what an incoming rock is in the turbulent river.Music and soundtrack is terrific and really gets you into the game's environment as you sleep with the crickets chirping and the mysterious voice singing softly in the background.From a game design standpoint, i'm divided. To begin, the game design towards the beginning is great. It establishes things right from the get go (without being intrusive with the billboard notes in the starter camp) and you get some chances to survive quite conveniently without hindering you later into the game (stepping in fireants to then find some aloe on the same island, breaking a bone in a raft crash and healing with the splint you get towards the beginning). It's definitely forgiving towards the early game, but then it spikes up dramatically with the difficulty affect two things: your survivability, and your forward prep. Two things i believe are essential to the game.The animals are quite the interesting elements in the game. The boars are purely territorial, and if you're out of their range then you can freely sneak around and try to search and gathering and slip away into the night. However, wolves are shown to be hungry, vicious predators. They hear your dog, they don't care about territory much and a prompt warns you about them (with somewhat of a deterent) to show just how serious a threat they are. This is very skewed difficulty and it doesn't even take ten minutes into the game before you encounter these obstacles in the way of your gathering mission of survival. They're especially abundant in the city areas and it becomes this mad dash to survive as long as possible on the raft before being starved, dehydrated, and/or exhausted onto an island where you're just too weak to even scare off the local wildlife away. This deeply disappointed me and I felt like no matter what, i couldn't get past them unless I got lucky with the right materials for the one solution possible: the trap. I'd like for the developers to fix this aspect (not necessarily nerfing) to better accomodate the player in the long run and give the player some type of edge other than the trap.This leads me to my second point, the trap seems fairly important. You're shown rabbits whom outrun you and can escape your grip and (obviously) rabbits are shown to be a food item. You're told that the one item that you get immediately (the sapling) is key in making traps. And yet, there's no further hints beyond that. It's different for the other things because you're left with room, and the tools, to experiment. This is the ""ah-ha!"" factor that gives these types of survival games their edge. It just makes sense to use the bottle when near the raft because thats the only body of water readily available to you and you have the water filter (the tool) to make that work. But the trap is the only mystery to me and it leaves me wondering what the trap really looks like. I kinda imagine it to be a box with the sapling and a carrot underneath, but then again i'm not quite sure and the developers should definitely look into this not as a disappointment, but as an opportunity to apply the already done experiment design format of the game.Please don't mistake my thumbs up w/ a long description of the minor issues to be negative. All great creations must undergo some amount of critical analysis. Plus, I believe this is a really, really, really great game. It's relaxing, fun and high-spirited. It almost feels real and that's rare in a game in this industry these days. The only reason I gave more words to the negative aspects is to give the developers a highly detailed description of the problems so that they can, hopefuly, take initiative and fix it and in turn make it better. I recommend it, definitely."
,Recommended,318600,18250155,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,EnEn0530,"Graphic and idea are good and I liked about it. I just don't get it why I must drift like this and why the city full of water?It will be great if there is a NPC to trade with. At the same time, it will be great if there is a story for the city or those small islands. I am looking forward for another game mode with the quest to solve. :)I will rate 7/10 as I will get bored easily for this game mode :(A short video in The Flame in the Flood.https://youtu.be/vFjyr-zw2-Q"
76561198201554315,Recommended,318600,18251598,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sisu,The game is very beautiful like it
76561197981482054,Recommended,318600,18719121,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,IAmFishBulb,Game is amazing. Very challenging and fun. Surprisingly polished for an Alpha release. Can't wait for the missions!!! Worth every penny.
,Recommended,318600,18720459,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Tander,"Very cool, immersive, unique game.  Lots of cool ambience and I really like the odd-but-fitting music selection!"
76561198155704061,Recommended,318600,19167513,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MCcarpender911,"This game is really good. My only complaint, if it truly is one since you can toggle it off in options, is that the custom cursor makes the game run really bad for some reason. It runs perfectly when I turn it off though."
,Recommended,318600,19059745,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,June,"still kind of buggy, but awesome design and theme. I can't wait to see what's coming for this game!"
,Recommended,318600,18375529,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,mlle.sobriquet,"I die from different things most of the time, but I improve each time I play. it's challenging and visually delightful and I can eat bugs in-game"
76561198092671024,Recommended,318600,19007153,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,findpix24,wonderful game!
,Recommended,318600,18450881,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,RemainsMe,"Little Video for you guys to see how the game is, might make you buy it and try it out for yourselves!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlNtqJsgUS8"
76561198127297927,Recommended,318600,18281401,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nephilim,So this game looks all cute and cuddly but it's not you will die over and over and over again and it's bloody brilliant.
76561198021388186,Recommended,318600,21440715,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cli'ki,"I no longer have any crashes after the last patch and the only bugs I've noticed were fairly minor, (like inaccessible plants.)  The devs did a great job so far, the soundtrack fits the game very well, and it's a fun take on survival games.  It can be pretty tough to get the hang of and the lack of inventory space is limited at first but once you get a pouch or upgrade your raft, your main struggle will probably be keeping warm.There is no real story aside from what you make of it --especially with the campaign ending it gives you, (which I think suits the game perfectly).  It would be nice to see some different characters/companions to choose from in the future, but I'm content with what it has now.Also, it seems I was wrong about the vege/animal friend achievment...you can lour boars/wolves into snakes and even use their fur, so-long as you don't eat their meats!---Just played a-few more hours and finally got past the first bit...this game can be pretty tough at the start but quickly becomes relitively easy once you get the hang of it.  My game was cut short because of a hard crash though.Apparently a wolf will never kill a boar and any animals killed by snakes or bears seem to count as you being the one killing them...so the vegetarian and friend of the animals achievment is unfortunately based more on luck than not killing/eating them. :(---The game currently has some annoying bugs like docks covered in rocks, areas in the river that will infinitely damage you, and disappearing text above any loot.  I'd also like to see a better camera system as I'm not keen on running into a thorn bush hidden behind a building.I'd really like to enjoy this game as it's a nice take on the survival genre but it needs patching first.There also seems to be alot of down-rating of anyone critical of this game at the moment, even if they point out numberous problems."
76561198077524791,Recommended,318600,28919345,Posted: 1 January,all,Widlar,I love this game. The storyline ending was great. The continous mode achivos are challenging and fun. I actually wasn't the hugest fan of the soundtrack but I still have logged a lot of hours.
76561198030697636,Recommended,318600,28266049,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jur Grady,"I would highly recommend this game.The Flame in the Flood combines a number of different elements into a simple, yet highly satisfying game. You have moments of complete serenity, floating down a calm river with a simple tune playing in the background and the next moment you are fleeing in terror from a wild animal.I will not try to fool you, this game is sometimes extremely difficult. This game is often completely unfair, sometimes you will die because you make a simple mistake. For that reason, I love this game. I have purchased too many games over the years which pretty much tell you exactly what you need to do and when you need to do it. This game, however, leaves the decisions to you. Resources are sometimes meager and priorities must be established. The game combines both long-term planning and split-second decisions.Something else I enjoyed about the game is that it doesn't take itself too seriously. The humorous item descriptions and sometimes silly graphics lend themselves to the idea that this is a causal game. For many of us that don't have much time to play games each week, the Flame in the Flood provides a short game with high replay value. You can play just a couple of hours at a time and feel completely satisfied with your progress (although, admittedly I was surprised at how this game can make the hours fly by).If you like a casual, yet challenging and entertaining game with a great soundtrack and high replay value, I recommend this game. Well worth the price and your time."
,Recommended,318600,22260448,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,RoboKast,I bought it because of the art style. This is literally my favorite art style that I have ever seen in a game.
,Recommended,318600,27959972,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"""other""","This game is an absolute delight. Aside from being everything I'd want from a spiritual successor to Oregon Trail (without monotony and terribleness), I find myself waiting and waiting until the next OST track comes on; absolutely zenful."
,Recommended,318600,31345485,Posted: 24 April,all,Ubersmack,"Fun little survival game.  With the new patches its a nice balance of danger which progresses as you go along the river.  There is enough content to keep me engaged and planning, but not frustrated.   Would love to purchase the soundtrack."
76561198122276107,Recommended,318600,31347467,Posted: 24 April,all,MarcOwaR,"Only played for 40 mins, will play more tomorrow! Seems like a fun little game :) - though the developers need to fix the pivot point on the character, rotating the character with a controller seems off. Other than that looks and feels great"
76561198086446666,Recommended,318600,30271638,Posted: 1 March,all,SouthernBeast83,"I really enjoyed this game, despite not really being into the ""survival"" genre. The game attracted me with its theme, visuals, and music. It frames a basic survival gameplay loop using post-apocalyptic Americana reminiscent of Mark Twain, pretty lo-poly graphics, and a desperate country soundtrack with steel guitars.It can get somewhat frustrating, but I beat it in about 10 hours. The risk of failure (read: death) gives you a heightened sense of awareness and presence while you play it, and at times you get to enjoy the tranquility of coasting down the river (for a minute or two, until you get hungry or cold). It left with me a feeling of place, satisfaction, and a sense of having been taken on a small, yet unique journey."
76561198002235159,Recommended,318600,21565759,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,senorcoo,"I don't think that I've ever written a Steam review, but this game is so cute and wonderful, that I just had to.  Crafting, discovery, exploration, all done in a fun and interesting way - with a female protagonist no less, which is always nice to see.  I won't spoil anything, but there are many little nuances that are so well thought out that you are surprised when you stumble across them despite the fact that they make perfect thematic sense.  The user interface is very friendly and accessible and everything just makes sense.  It may not have the flash of one of the bigger productions, but I know that I've certainly made worse purchases for $18.  My favorite part of this game must be the fact that no little injury or damage to your raft is insignificant.  The battle of attrition certainly piles up if you let it, even something so simple as not paying attention to your fatigue can be costly.  This is an excellent game and is worth your time and money.  Give it a try and I'm pretty sure that you will see what I'm talking about."
,Recommended,318600,21573819,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Pact1996,"A Flame in the Flood is the most unique and creative survival game I have ever played. The atmosphere is perfect, combining the wonderful soundtrack and visual to create a truly unique experience. If you are looking for a game to play to relax and take a break from everyday life this is most certainly one you should check out."
,Recommended,318600,21558837,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Pundemic,"Fantastic atmosphere, and nicely satisfying crafting, survival, and upgrade systems. The river-riding sets this one apart from other games of its kind.Progression and variety aren't as deep as they could be; it's not a game you'll be playing and replaying for hundreds of hours. Combat is a little clumsy, though this could be by design as you're supposed to be struggling to survive rather than conquering hostile wildlife. Also there is a LOT of inventory management.Check this out if the look and feel appeal to you, but maybe avoid if you're not into survival mechanics and fiddling with inventories."
76561197993766568,Recommended,318600,21570507,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,blackwingedheaven,"An excellent, atmospheric journey into isolation and grim survival. The soundtrack and art direction are simply stunning, and grounding the game's survival techniques in real American frontier survivalism is a brilliant move. The game's mechanics hit just the right balance between fascinating and frustrating, without requiring an onerous time investment to become proficient with them. Very much enjoying this game!"
,Recommended,318600,23106862,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Super Pope,"So we completed the game over the course of a few sittings and about 3 separate runs.Have to say I like the game for what it is. It's simple crafting mechanics and navigation, mixed with the art style and sudo story all make for a fun little game for a first time indie dev team. Also the OST is great if your into sort of country, blue grass kind of stuff.As for the story, well there sort of isn't one really. There is but I think your suppose to really make it up your self as you go along. There was a flood that destroyed the majority of the world and you are a survivor is the majority of it.(If you can get to the end of the campaign there is some pretty interesting stuff going on there is all I will say.)There are random encounters to talk to and some quilts that tell you some stuff but nothing is fully explained and that's part of the charm as to why I personally like the game.I played the campaign on easy and cant imagine doing the harder difficulty where item drops are lessened and endless mode holds no appeal to me. I came for the story, got what I could out of it and now I'm done. That's the only real problem this game has is that there really is no replay value.But as I said at the begging, I like the game for what it is. A rogue like game that has tons of charm and an interesting concept.Would I recommend this game? If it were on sale yes. If it were not, yeah, sure."
76561197996087040,Recommended,318600,33544582,Posted: 14 July,all,hpoppick,"This game takes a while to gain momentum and definitely could use a button to consolidate your inventory, but is ultimately a beautiful and well executed game.More than simply learning the game's unique mechanics of survival, I felt myself entering the mindset of scout: learning to go with the flow and let the river take you.The clunky menu system would ordinarily be a complete dealbreaker for a game like this, but the humanity and character that The Flame in the Flood has shines through spectacularly.One of the best endings that I've seen in a video game for a long time."
,Not Recommended,318600,29983834,Posted: 17 February,all,BOT3RHAM,It is too hard. too expensive. too repetitive. too everything.
76561197975079365,Recommended,318600,18231435,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ApeLaw_JustinPappas,Can you beat your personal best and live another day on the river alive? Really beautiful game. Contemplate the trials of life as you row row row your boat down the great river. The art direction and sound are top notch. The music takes you away to this cruel world and really stays with you long after play.
,Recommended,318600,32792807,Posted: 25 June,all,Insayno,Fun little survival rogue-lite game with an amazing soundtrack that fits the game so well. I don't usually like rogue-lite games but I enjoy this and will probably end up playing a lot more of it in the future.
76561198044876374,Recommended,318600,33438568,Posted: 10 July,all,captainspring,"Has a new twist to the survival genre. You travel down river, and stop a small land areas to collect you supply (food, water, ect.). story mode is a little short and even in the endless mode, your raft (base) can only be upgraded so much. Love the very themed music, goes great with the game."
76561198056983608,Recommended,318600,31383379,Posted: 26 April,all,horan.kky,"I liked this game so much, I felt compelled to write a positive review about it to counteract the people saying it's not worth it.After playing through the campaign and experiencing a lot of what this game has to offer, I cannot explain where all of these negative reviews are coming from.I've read through a number of reviews about this game being buggy, or too difficult, but it seems like the developers are very responsive and update the game about every week.The Pros:- It has a well developed style and impressive pacing. The music fits well with the theme, a lone traveler and his trusty dog companion. It captures the difficulty of survival in the wild.- Fun gameplay! It's so rewarding to learn as you drift down the river, stopping at various docks looking for specific supplies. You learn quickly which areas have the best stuff.- It's long and engaging. The campaign takes you about 40 miles and there are several other games modes and difficulties.- It's difficult... but I appreciate that about a game. It makes it more fun, gives failing more weight and adds a feeling of reward when you succeed.- Floating down the river often feels difficult... but I also think that adds realism to the game. White water rafting isn't easy, and controlling a raft by yourself has to be hard.Cons:- There are some bugs. I once got stuck in a menu at a cut scene, and when I popped out, I was stuck in the menu, floating down the river with no control.- If you're someone who absolutely NEEDS a tutorial, you may not like this game. The lead you to some crucial survival ingredients in the beginning, but besides that, it's up to you to figure it out.- It's difficult and doesn't hold your hand. Don't expect this game to explain every aspect to you along the way. They want you to learn, be innovative.The Flame in The Flood is a beautiful game. It's very emotional and areas along the river change quite a bit, forcing you to adapt in many ways. Scavenging is something that has to be done weighing risk and reward, you can't risk getting a broken leg or getting mauled by wolves for a couple items.tl;dr -  It's a difficult game, but its emotional theme and depth make it worth the money."
,Recommended,318600,31385033,Posted: 26 April,all,✨ Hatty ✨,"I disagree with other reviews, I really like this game!I think its great. The items are sparse and random, and sometimes you make it, sometimes (often*) you don't.I think of the game as 'Don't Starve'  - well, basically, thats whats it is! It literally says try and stay alive as long as you can, so I don't know why people are complaining when they die! It happens! Play again!The game is great.Pros:-------= Funny descriptions= Great art style= Randomised items + characters on islands= crafting= nice soundtrack= endless as well as a 1 player campaign (I am 3 hours into my campaign, and I have only been to the second area of 10.)Cons:------= you die a lotIn total, 8/10, its enjoyable.Also, to the people complaining about how it's hard, simple.Git gud."
76561197962903925,Recommended,318600,21673490,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hot|sauce [o7],I have extreme ADD when it comes to playing games. I get bored very easily. This game from the get-go was easy to pick up but challeneging enough to keep my interested. Love this game!
76561198027675519,Recommended,318600,21672855,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Eldrad,"Pros:- Solid game mechanics, interesting to learn.- Great sound track- Great plot- Great art and ambiance- Bugs quickly fixed (others have reported bugs, I didn't get any on my play throughs, and from what I've seen the dev quickly responds to new bugs).Cons:- Not all that long. Once you know the mechanics and have a bit of loot the difficulty and risk don't scale up much (only played on Campaing, Survivalist)."
,Recommended,318600,30648054,Posted: 21 March,all,Manslapper,This game allows me to channel my ancestors and unleash my inner hillbilly in a most beautiful way. There is no other game quite like it.
76561198046738927,Recommended,318600,31330762,Posted: 23 April,all,DiddlyLizard xD,"This game gets a lot of undeserved hate. By no means is it perfect, but goddamn does it have charm and excitement. The ever flowing adventure feels relentlessly fun and adrenaline pumping, with moments of calm tranquility. I love survival games but base building always got stale for me as the hours went on, so this felt perfect for me as you're always moving on down the river, strategically stopping at docks to get supplies. Easy mode felt just right for difficulty whilst hard was relentlessly punishing, so theres something for most people. The menu is a little cumbersome and some of the stop off points could be a little more diverse but themes of the zones change further down the river so isn't that nice and the layouts are generally different enough to feel like you're somewhere new. Despite these small gripe, this game is still great. Nothing puts a smile on my face than setting off from a dock, hitting dem Rapids like you don't give a flying toss and manoeuvring through gaps tighter than a Gnat's Chuff with Chuck Ragan playing that harmonica like BREWWOWOWOWOWOWWOW!!!!! Its top stuff lads.also would recommend using a controller."
76561198056341503,Recommended,318600,21489614,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KnightOfMadness92,"This is what you get when you mix the gameplay of Don't Starve and the graphics of Secret Ponchos...awesome game, 9/10...Peronsally I would wait a little bit before buying only because from what I've played the game tends to crash a lot...other than that, I love it!"
,Not Recommended,318600,24179892,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lionarith,"The music and art is so great, but the hilarious stupid surviving mechanics are plain unenjoyable. Much too fast depletion of the hunger/thirst/sleep bars, too fast day/night cycle, not nearly enough backpack space. Taking away the great art, it's a stupid stressful micromanagement system without even a hint of believability or realism. :-( Not enjoyable to rush through the beautiful environments just because of stupid status bars. It needs some more game modes."
,Not Recommended,318600,22169327,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Prince of salt,broken
76561198031220269,Not Recommended,318600,21534388,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fishpie900,"Guys, I want to love your game but severe performance issues are currently rendering it completely unplayable on my one machine (Dell T1700 Precision, 8 gb Ram, 3.2ghz Intel Xeon, Nvidia GeForce 8400 GS) - as in slideshow framerate on minimum gfx settings and resolution, followed by a crash during the loading sequence, hard reset required. And on my other PC (which is a pretty standard Dell all-in-one, about a year old) it runs OK on medium-low settings but crashed when I disembarked at the first island I got to.) I'll come back in a month or so after you've had a chance to make more patches but I have to say this kind of experience is what drove me away from PC gaming in the first place... did you write your own engine? That said, I do love what you've set out to do with this project. Appealing ethos and gorgeous style but it feels like it needs a *lot* of optimisation and additional QA."
,Not Recommended,318600,21716705,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Capootsatoots,"I'm trying so hard to like this game but it's just making me so frustrated. I have a mac thats close to five years old and I did in fact see that there were problems with older macs and whatnot. I did manage to get it to work but it was super laggy to the point were I just gave up because i couldn't do anything. I figured that it was probably just because I have an older mac and that it would work on my family's shared computer which has Windows. Same thing. Had to close it a couple of times because I would get a black screen and when I finally did manage to play the game I got the same thing I did last time. Major lag. So either there's something wrong with both of my computers or theres something wrong with the game. I'm trying to redownload it for the third time to see if that will make it work better but as of now I'm pretty irratated. The game has a great soundtrack from what little I heard of it, it has a very unique and interesting style and concept that goes along with it, but as someone who can't get past 6 minutes of playtime without it going wonky I'm fed up with it. If there's anyone that knows whats wrong or has any suggestions I'd love to hear them but for now I'm not going to be touching this game for a while."
,Not Recommended,318600,28876453,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wigs,"You cannot use custom keybindings and, from what I can gather from the Steam discussion page for this game, the developers (""we're a small, 5-man, indie-dev team"") have all but abandoned the Steam version in favor of the PS4 port. [Translation: like all indie games on the Playstation, wait for it to be one of the two PS Plus free games of the month.""]EDIT: Revising this review to note that as of my writing (04/28/17) the developers released a patch to bring the game up-to-date with the PS4 verion, adding commentary (for some reason) and including a few bug fixes and ""quality of life"" additions. However, customizable keybindings -- something that is requested frequently on the discussion page -- apparently didn't make the cut."
76561198052484229,Recommended,318600,23015166,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Gremmlyn,"This game can be really compelling, sometimes I just continue to try to beat my record downriver. Other times the difficulty and ease of navigation just seem so damned randomized, but maybe that's the point, given the theme. I associate the word game with fun, and slogging through ""The Flame In The Flood""at times is definitely not fun. I think what Indie developers lose sight of within their abilty to create anything they can imagine is the fact that they are trying to make money selling games. Games should be fun. If you are frustrated with a game to the point that you stop playing it, it means it isn't fun. If you sold a million copies of a game that only 300 people actually bother to finish I wouldn't consider that to be a success. It means you ran a really great marketing campaign and your game was well received by people who hadn't played it yet. You won't survive in this industry being a one trick pony. Make something great that people associate your name with. Keep them coming back. That's how you got here isn't it? your company couldn't sustain itself? Be better than that.I'm going to go ahead and give this review ""recommend"" status, but I am really on the fence. Rougelikes are proliferate, the visuals are different but unfinished and the gameplay is vague and repetitive. You have a team of veterans and all I see is rookie content. Go home and try again."
,Recommended,318600,31355929,Posted: 25 April,all,BEE*,"Its a simple rogue-lite survival game but give you enough challenge to survive, i think this game as a basic to understand ""How to Survive In Wilds"" while listening to country music style and drink some coffee, let alone your character die in darkness. PS: Don't trust the crows."
,Not Recommended,318600,30020495,Posted: 18 February,all,Vegedus,"Interesting setting, unique music, good visual style.But.Boring, paint-by-numbers survival gameplay. Gather, craft, try to fit stuff into your inventory, zone out while your raft traveling down the river, nanny the your health stats. None of it is challenging in an interesting way and all of it is slow and tedius."
76561198066746374,Not Recommended,318600,30253850,Posted: 28 February,all,Shifty Six,"It's a nice looking game and has a great atmosphere, but it's just way too repetitive. Other games of this genre (roguelike) also involve repetitiveness, but the Flame and the Flood's world feels so closed and has so very little freedom, it becomes a tedious grind pretty quickly."
,Not Recommended,318600,28277828,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Iron Pangolin,"I can't recommend this game right now. If you thought that the inventory management in Don't Starve is rough then think again because you have THREE inventories to manage in this game. The character's inventory, the dog's inventory, and the inventory on your raft. All of these three inventories add up to about 20 slots which is generous but tedious to manage.The best way i can describe the mechanics is relating it to an instance based level design. You get on the raft and float to an island or shore, explore, get on the raft float to another island or shore. Rinse and repeat. These islands and shores you find are incredibly small and are often just copied and pasted.The dog you have constantly by your side is also CONSTANTLY BARKING, even when you are trying to craft something or manage your inventory. In order to get the dog to quit barking you have to go pick up whatever he/she is barking at, but wait, YOUR INVENTORY IS FULL. So the dog continues to bark. It is incredibly annoying in my opinion.The graphics and sound design is great and pleasant to look at and listen to but at the moment that is the only positive I have about the game unfortunately."
76561198089653284,Not Recommended,318600,28310220,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lilliah Faye,Buggy as hell. Not worth a third of the price. Frequently get stuck on docks and cant leave and then the raft just damages itself until it sinks. Can't believe this made it to release. Feel like I've been conned to be honest.
76561198099708528,Recommended,318600,25200176,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MadCowOnCrack,I played both the story mode and the endless.Only played on normal - Nothing too taxing - an enjoyable float down a river. Nice art style - nice music - Very Zen.Worth the cost? D'nt know - how much money do you have? Wait until it's on sale - there are worse things to throw $5 at.
76561198085241695,Recommended,318600,30784901,Posted: 27 March,all,TinaBelcher,"This game is fun for awhile then it just becomes hella frustrating... you die and the saved checkpoints are way behind you. I hate that feature that you can't save in between when the game does. I was finally all set up with great inventory health stats perfect but my raft glitched on a rock and I drowned. I lost all the cool stuff I had. That is my biggest hang up. The river navigating and the save checkpoints are way too far from one another. Like I said the game is fun and I would recommend it if you are curious, but beware it can be very frustrating.... FIX THE CHECKPOINTS PLEASE"
,Not Recommended,318600,28695454,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Inexplicably tagged and described as a roguelike, but plays much more like an ordinary survival game. God I wanted to love this, with its fun setting and gorgeous music. But if you're looking for hack-and-slash fights against bears to get randomly generated magical moonshine stills like some kind of Appalachian dungeon-crawler, this isn't it. It's a survival game through and through. If that's not a turnoff, then go for it."
76561198129734995,Recommended,318600,30756198,Posted: 26 March,all,Serephin,This game is full of heart and the music that goes with it is just absolutely amazing. This survival based game is great for anyone who loves a good little storyline and a challenging survival experience. ♥ love love love it
,Recommended,318600,24194084,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hobbes,"Kickstarter yields a gem of a game and for once, without a lot of the lunacy that's been infesting the platformA lot of people who read my reviews will know that my stance towards kickstarter exclusive content is one where I'm firmly against it with the sole exception of cosmetics (and even then I'm of the opinion that they should be timed, eventually they should be open to all, because it's a little unfair to sell a game which isn't entirely ""complete"" in a material sense), in some cases such as Armello, the damage caused by Kickstarter promises has been real and significant (see the Bandit mess), in others it's been more one of perception (such as Skyshine's Bedlam).Thankfully here we're talking about skins. I'll let this one slide. At some point down the line it'd be -nice- to see those skins come out in some way shape or form for the public, but I'm not going to rake the game over the coals beyond what I've said here and now.More to the point, the Flame in the Flood is one of the rare breed of Kickstarter games that has not only delivered on it's promises, but achieved the rare accolade of being fun to play, and an interesting twist on the ""roguelite"" formula that's been doing the rounds in various guises. Flame (what I'll shorthand it to from hereon out) uses quite significant and intricate survival mechanics involving diseases, injuries, thirst, starvation, hypothermia, and sleep management whilst at the same time propelling you down an ever changing, proc-gen river that really takes no prisoners. I mean it, the river is a horrible, uncaring creature, it will happily smash your TEENY TINY raft into flotsam any opportunity it gets.The game splits itself into two distinct beats, the first being a more sedate ""Run around the island you're on, hoover up anything you think looks useful, and run like hell from anything that has bigger teeth than you"", it's a bit like Don't Starve but without easy access to weaponry that levels the playing field, so you're going to spend the vast bulk of your time fleeing angry black wolves until you've got access to poisoned bait or spike traps or similar.The other half is where the game really throws you about, putting you on a flimsy raft in the middle of what might be the worlds lousiest Kayaking course. It's half rocks, half rapids and all horrible, and it wants to kill you. Not just passively sits there going ""Meh, I don't like you."" No, the river generator is set to ""Imma mess you up"", and it will, many times. Do not expect to complete the campaign first try, particularly on the permadeath difficulty.The flame really does sit in the flood, and it nearly gets drowned out at times...The brew is interesting, particularly on the harder difficulty, because it forces you to spend more time dodging dangerous things and making tough decisions about your resources, what you take and leave on your puny raft (even with your loyal dog, you're going to be playing some severe inventory Tetris at the best of times), and it's definitely engaging if you're up for a twist on the roguelite genre. However, there's a but coming..... it suffers the same flaws as a lot of the roguelites, except perhaps more severely so, in so much as you are at the whims of RNGesus for your initial starting items, you'll need flints, oh boy do you need flints, and you need LOTS of them, and the buggers can refuse to turn up in sufficient quantities for a long, long time.This can make getting a foothold in the game all but impossible as you're forced to scavenge and live off the land munching frantically on wild garlic as you're locked out of the bulk of the crafting tree for want of a stone knife and stone hammer. Having this lynch pin that's entirely at the mercy of lady luck is a real issue, because at the roll of a dice you could be hamstrung for as much as two or even three zones before you get a real grip on your run, by which point you're too far behind and you're dealing with threats FAR ahead of your ability to manage them.Closing thoughts.Making flints more available in the opening areas would go a long way to alleviating a lot of the random frustrations that people get, seeing as most of the crafting is absolutely contingent on the basic pair of tools you require to get started, it seems a bit nutty that you're very heavily at the whims of lady luck, even if you do manage to hit the bulk of settlements on each run, run after run. In the end the only option tends to be to have the flints stack up on the Dog so you can die and then with the next run, have a chance at creating the tools you'll need to -live-.Despite that nasty fly in the ointment, this is a genuinely pretty and atmospheric game, and there's a lot to love here, it's an original take on the roguelite / survival approach, and if you can live with the dice not falling your way from time to time, there's a good game to be had.Verdict :Recommended, if they sort the flint issue, bump it to Highly RecommendedUPDATE : After some more playthroughs, yes, flints are needed in bulk, and as a result, they need to tune the number of flints you get in campaign mode, there needs to be more of them, I'd estimate at least about 50% more by droprate from where they are now, for you to have a reasonable shot at finishing things, because you end up eating flints for just about everything of importance, and they do not turn up in nearly enough quantities.You get -some- in the early zones, and then they'll dry out nearly completely as you move through the ""towns and industry"" areas. This is a design fault due to the RNG not being properly balanced, and needs investigating. This applies much more strictly to the ""higher"" difficulty than the lower, where flints come in good enough supply that as long as you're not wasteful, you should be fine.I'm assuming like most games it uses LCG, Ministd or Pregenerated LCG, this may be a good candidate for ugpgrading to PCG to resolve these kinds of inconsistencies."
,Recommended,318600,30534130,Posted: 15 March,all,iamzeroedin,Chuck Ragan is the entire soundtrack.
76561198171256749,Recommended,318600,18420021,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,helenahonnen,"So I just got this game and it's EXTREMLY LAGGY!! I've refreshed steam, turned my computer off and on, etc. I don't know what to do!! It seems like a great game if ony i could get it to play through smoothly."
,Recommended,318600,31351027,Posted: 24 April,all,Larsque,"Truthfully, I had my initial doubts about this game but it's so well done. I love it. Simple and straight forward."
76561198032757865,Recommended,318600,31350892,Posted: 24 April,all,Joshua,"This game is a love/hate relationship...It is addictive yet annoying at the same time.The overall design and feel of the game is unique and creativecoupled with a interesting atmosphere and feel. Despite thisthere are a few thing the devs have to take in consideration forthis to be a great game and their are a few frustrating issues.- There were situations where I was confronted with inevitabledeath (no matter how well prepared I was). As if the game hasrandom seeding of items and locations that can conflict with thegames design itself. For instance unboarding onto 3 differentislands in a row only to be overwhelmed by wolves...on the firstisland i said : ""no prob...better luck on the next one""...thesecond island had 3 wolves as the previous one had...if Iremember correctly the 3rd island had 4 wolves. By thenmy character was dehydrated, starving and my raft was tornapart...and this was still fairly early into the game (7miles downriver).There was another event where a drop off point was placedinside a cul-de-sac of surrounding rocks...making it impossiblefor me being bashed to death by the flow of the river smashingmy raft into submission.- The animations become VEEEERRYY frustrating after a while...having to watch the boarding/unboarding of the raft a milliontimes gets crazy...The devs need to fix that !!!- The game does feel somewhat confined...as if trapped.A more free world and ""sand boxy"" experience would havegiven this game the survival depth it is begging for...- More items are neededGame gets a 6.5 / 10 from me. Not terrible...rather enjoyable, but the game is just not there yet."
,Recommended,318600,18231566,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bronsonrock,"I've really enjoyed this game so far.  I'm dying a lot (seems to be boar at every stop all of a sudden and no place to start a fire) but honestly I'm not sure if that is because it's still early access/early beta or if I just hit a nasty run of luck.  The art is awesome and really is good style for this game.  I recommend it as it is and it's only going to get better.  It has that ""I'll go just one more time, even though it's 3 AM"" quality that is hard to achieve.  Loving it so far!"
76561198178459682,Recommended,318600,18195826,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jbuck002,"Yes this game is really good, good graphics and it runs smoothly but the one thing thing is there's no bases or building in this game also you die to easy you have to save every once on a while. I reccomend this to people who like playing the same thing multiple times I know this is still under development but please let us make shelters!"
76561198023340319,Recommended,318600,18238899,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,FixXxeR,"Really nice atmosphere, great graphics and very nice music and sound effects.Can't wait for the campaign mode, because i don't really enjoy the ""certain death"" aspect of it in endless mode.Would like to be able to survive it all and to relaxt at beach side resort ;)And yes it is a challenging game and there is a big luck factor when it comes to finding the right items.Played with m&k and controller and think the later is better, but had some issues that the game stopped responding to the controller inputs...maybe bug, maybe just me.For an early access, definitely a thumbs up...well done developers!"
,Recommended,318600,30030626,Posted: 19 February,all,♥ Vee ♥,"one of the best indie games i've played in a while, adorable art style and fun survival mechanics"
76561198145798097,Recommended,318600,18196318,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,scarydream666,nice gameplay and the game looks very very good
76561198134989796,Recommended,318600,18202546,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hertzmachinsid,Possibly one of the best upcoming indie games I've seen this year. Plus the development team used to work on AAA games so you know they're the real deal. There are still a lot of bugs though but this is hardly suprising considering that it is still in early access.
76561198006066386,Recommended,318600,18185084,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rkuhnen,"This game is already really, really good. Even being in early access you can already play a pretty polished version of a game that I'm expecting to be nothing short of amazing when it's considered complete. Well done team."
76561198006559064,Recommended,318600,18244495,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Holtz,An Enjoyable experience with lots of room for growth.
,Recommended,318600,28479792,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Karl Dandleton,"Solid survival and good if you like unforgiving, strategy-based survival. It's very unpolished in some areas but overall worth your time, especially if you can get it on sale. Amazing soundtrack!"
,Recommended,318600,31865338,Posted: 20 May,all,El Hombre Mayonesa,.
76561198066002317,Recommended,318600,21608618,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bunny,"Even tho I have not even played half of the game I feel like I am in love.The soundtrack is so nice, the first time you hear it you will most likely get goosebumps.Gameplay is alright nothing too complicated but just good enough that it will keep you playing.My experience so far:Started up the game had no idea what to do, so I just started pedelling on my raft, found an island to dock on and had a little look there, found some loot and when things started to look up I heard something behind me. Something charged at me from just outside my screen and broke a leg. (A boar scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me)Got away and had nothing to fix my leg with, so I just went on with my broken bones.After about fifteen minutes of struggle trying to get a splint for my leg it finally healed itself, only for me to step in an antnest and scratch me up. At this time I had no bandages so I just let it be for now untill it got infected and I actually felt like I was screwed. Things were going so bad and I was failing so hard that I started over kinda knowing what to do.This is the game I'm still playing and I'm actually doing alright, I even killed a wolf. I mean how many people can say they've killed a wolf.So there's me feeling all proud about killing a wolf when three new wolves appear out of nowhere, tried to scare them off and failed.I am now standed in the middle of an island with wolves all around me. (Big bad wolf is reeel)10/10 little red riding hood the survival game."
76561197983812652,Recommended,318600,21583220,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Anglista,"This would be glowing recommendation, but as of now (March 2016) the game is stil oh so buggy. In my several hours of playtime I have encountered fatal crashes during literally every game session (sometimes multiple ones in a space of two-three hours), problems with interface (unresponsive controls on the river - for some reason, they still worked on the raft as if I was on one of the island locations), music and parts of audio completely switching off... And despite this, the game still manages to pull me in time and time again. I love the mood, the artstyle and the idea. Crashes sound horrible in a game with permadeath feature, but fortunately when they occur the autosave system allows you to resume almost from the point where something went wrong.I still recommend it, but until a few patches come out it's a bit of an unpolished gem."
,Recommended,318600,21581473,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Poisonous,"Wow! I really enjoyed this, and felt very satisfied when I finished. I'm not sure I'll play it again on account of the difficulty/intensity, but it was a wild ride while it lasted.There were some irritating bugs (occasional audio and control mishaps), so the game needs a bit more polish and as a result may be asking slightly too much. Unique game, though, felt like a mix between FTL and...general survival games. Good writing and art style."
76561198024986052,Recommended,318600,21633628,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fore,"As a survival game, this is probably one of the better ones out there. Part Oregon Trail and part Huckleberry Finn, I find the river to be both terrifying and exciting despite the fact I will soon lose all sense of safety and die horribly. You learn quickly what mistakes will cost you, something that I cherish in games like this. So far, I love it and it's a worthwhile buy as it is now."
,Recommended,318600,21638272,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mattias6689,"The Flame in the Flood combines survivalist style play with the all or nothing desperation that I have come to expect from rogue-like games. Story mode is interesting enough and for those who care to dig it offers a rather interesting take on the post societal genre that refreshingly enough has nothing to do with zombies or world war III. The game also includes a continuous survival mode for endurance runs and keeps track of your records for day's survived and miles traveled. The developers are continuously involved in tweaking and patching the game as the need arises, and in my experience have been quite helpful.The games main protagonist, a young woman who is only known as Scout, is introduced via Aesop, a friendly and mildly help canine. Aesop discovers Scout taking shelter at a long abandoned camp and presents her with a rucksack and a radio, prompting her to investigate its mysterious signal for lack of any other direction in life besides not dying. From here her, and your primary concerns are gathering resources to stay fed, hydrated, warm and dry. Sleep deprivation, hypothermia, starvation, parasites, infections and a whole host of other maladies are your first foes in this quest to live to see the end of the river. Don't stand around thinking about things too long though,because every moment that passes in the game you get just a little bit hungrier, a little colder, a bit more tired and bit more thirsty. Do Not Idle. Once you get used to managing these necessities, or not, you are introduced to the other dangers of the wilderness. Boars, wolves and bears deal more direct forms of life threatening injuries that will demand attention, assuming you live long enough to treat them. Direct combat options are limited to nonexistent in this game and most of your defense comes in the form of traps. In later stages a bow is obtainable, but it is very slow to aim and does little damage compared to the spear trap. Parish the thought of a stand and fight game, planning and guile are your safest bet, and when that fails run like hell. Everything is faster than you in the the wilderness though, so you'll need to be ready to do some quick thinking and fancy dodging if you want to avoid getting gored full of holes or torn to ribbons. Similarly fancy piloting is required to progress down the flooded remains of backwaters, towns, cities and industrial sites that are now the big river. Old cars, trees and sometimes whole barns float along side, and frequently into the side of your raft. Repairs quickly become necessary and carelessness can land you trapped in rocks or smashed repeatedly into the sides of islands as you struggle against the tides to free your junk raft from impending doom. At times the river is almost a little too unforgiving, but It lends itself well to the overall atmosphere of the game.Pros: The soundtrack grabbed me from the start, I believe it was made specifically for this game and it's clearly tailored to the atmosphere of the title. At the time I'm writing this the game has two difficulty settings, Traveler and Survivalist. Traveler offers checkpoints and moderate scarcity of resources which allows for a much easier learning curve for beginner or casual players. Survivalist is more like a true rogue-like with permadeath, scarce resources and a more rapidly dwindling set of vitals. However, even on the more difficult survivalist mode your canine companion, Aesop retains his inventory on every restart. This allows you to hold over some items from the previous play through for a small step ahead at the beginning of your next run.Cons: Bouts of bad luck with loot generation can deprive you of essential materials, leaving you frustratingly without recourse as you slowly succumb to the elements. While at times this instills a very appropriate sense of dread and despair that comes from a tough survival style game, other times it just feels as though the game is working against you in ways that break the immersion. This combined with a lack of flexibility in certain crafting recipes can leave you pulling your hair out and asking yourself why you cant just use a your steel knife to do your flint blade's job as you starve with an inventory full of trap parts and nothing to put them together with.There were a few instances where prolonged runs of rotten luck became the death of me, but if you're careful and clever it's still possible to get out of tough spots. Once you get the swing of things, there's really nothing quite like dragging your bloodied broken body back from the brink of death, nursing yourself back to health and hitting the big river again in stride to live another day. Or not. All in all I enjoyed The Flame in the Flood. Its shortcomings, however momentarily frustrating, didn't prevent me from playing over and over again. I look forward to seeing how this title continues to polish up and I'll certainly be coming back for a few more trips down the big river. Enjoy."
,Recommended,318600,21630990,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DisturbedRican,"The Flame in the Flood is a unique survival experience GREATLY recommended for players who enjoyed Don't Starve or This War Of Mine. This game is a great game feels and plays like Don't Starve and has the material aspect of This War Of Mine its a very difficult game to get rich in and this is why its fantastic! There are a few annoying bugs that Im sure they will fix: The game crashes a lot (Not sure if its just for me but yeah) I tried to load up the endless mode and the game stopped responding twice in a row, but besides that this game is fantastic I recommend this game and I have to rate it a 8/10."
,Recommended,318600,21727001,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sweet Lou,"It sort of feels like a modern day Oregon Trail. Just finished my first successful playthrough, survived 43 days. Was a lot of fun, and I'll probably get a few more playthroughs out of it."
,Recommended,318600,21670842,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,killerrip987,"The Flame in the Flood is a remarkably fun game with an amazing art style. You play as a girl with a dog whose sole job is to survive. You do that by getting on your raft and traversing the rapids while stopping periodically for supplies and food. You can die in numerous ways such as by starvation, wolf attacks, hypothermia, and exhaustion. The learning curve is somewhat steep but after a while you get the hang of it.  However this does not mean the game is easy, as you could die from a sudden misstep such as thinking you could take on three wolves.The game features a campaign and an endless mode; the campaign took me 9 hours without touching the endless mode.  Replay value is apparent but only when you have nothing else to do and want to play a quick run.This game in a nutshell is very enjoyable that’s relaxing in its own way and yet challenging at the same time. I would recommend this game to anyone that wants a chill game that you can play while YouTube is playing, on skype with some friends, or just to relax after a long day."
,Recommended,318600,21700916,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sanny,"The first thing you’ll notice about The Flame in the Flood is it’s striking visual style. Some of the screenshots don’t even look like screenshots, I’d swear they were drawn. I’m not sure why the dog is wearing glasses though, that’s a bit odd. I’m not even sure if they’re glasses, actually. The whole game just looks weird and wrong, but beautiful at the same time. This is one of the few instances where looking “wrong” is actually a compliment.The visuals combined with the soundtrack give the game a great sense of atmosphere. It’s one of those games where each run takes a just a little bit longer than you should probably be spending playing the game, but you keep playing anyway, because you’re instantly invested in what you’re doing. And then you’re late for work and your girlfriend leaves you and your life is ruined, but it’s okay because you made it 20 miles or whatever and who needs love anyways, it’s overrated. I would know.The game consists of small, isolated areas. Once you’re doing scavenging one island, you get on your raft, and move on to the next. As you’re moving downriver, you have to dodge oncoming objects to avoid damaging your raft. It’s a simple concept.As someone who usually isn’t a big fan of survival games, I really enjoyed this one. I usually get to a point where I feel comfortable, then get bored and die because I wasn’t paying attention. The Flame in the Flood doesn’t wasn’t like that. Instead of trying to build some tool or machine that will progress you to the next tier in the crafting system, you simply gather food, water, and supplies, hoping to survive just one more day. This makes every moment feel important. You’re constantly moving downriver, looking for a nice patch of yucca to hold you off until tomorrow.There is a lower difficulty setting, which gives you a more merciful amount of food and supplies, as well as allowing you to save at checkpoints. There are also two gamemodes: Endless, which is self-explanatory, and Campaign. Your goal in the Campaign mode is simply to reach the end of the game by moving downriver. I’m terrible at these sorts of games, as I lack any real patience, and so I haven’t managed to get very far, but I feel like the Campaign mode alone will keep most players occupied for quite a while.The Flame in the Flood has an almost arcadey feel to it, simplifying survival yet retaining what makes it so fun, and all while maintaining it’s haunting atmosphere. While The Flame in the Flood didn’t make me love survival, I certainly enjoyed it. If you’re looking for something tense with a sense of adventure, this’ll make for an exciting weekend.More more verbal garbage visit:http://probablysanny.wordpress.com"
76561198206349384,Recommended,318600,21695441,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Himiko Yamatai,"I bought this game and LOVED it! However I was on Day 47 and around 32.5 miles down the river when I died of hypothermia. No problems until I clicked to my last checkpoint and clicked continue like I had been doing the whole time...and it restarted my WHOLE game. I am still bitter that I have to start over, I can go through this new game much better now that I know how to play effectivley, still sucks that I was so close to being done."
76561198061702748,Recommended,318600,29009711,Posted: 4 January,all,hsgk,"THE GOOD- The river! Challenging without being frustrating. Having distance along with time as a measure of progression works very well and the weird choice of camera angle somehow works a charm too. Navigating the currents and eddies of TFITF river is a unique experience in gaming. Definitely the stand out feature of the game.- Engaging art style and nice atmosphere- Excellent gameplay balance. Unlike Don't Starve, reading a wiki or guide isn't going to make you a master of this game. Only practice and a little luck will do that!- A campaign mode with an ending as well as an endless mode means something for everybody and provides plenty of replayability.- The music is intersting and quite atmospheric if you're a person who can enjoy♥♥♥♥♥♥music without wanting to kill yourself.THE BAD- The dog is supposed to help you scavenge but because daffodils are harvestable and ubiquitous, this means the stupid thing does literally nothing except bark at dandelions. It doesn't require affection or feeding, affect combat... nothing. The whole time you're playing you won't even see its face. A wasted opportunity.- The main character is similarly unengaging, devoid of personality in every way.- The crafting system tends to bottleneck, where missing one item will hold up progress for everything, and sometimes that item just won't show up. In addition, the interface is unweildy and you will spend a lot of time scrolling through the annoying alphabetical lists to figure out what you will need next.- Given the distance you travel and the number of stops you make, there really isn't that much to see and the game starts to feel repetitive when you get the hang of it.- The music is absolutely dire, switching between what soulds like a 12 year old's guitar recital and some god awful country which grates like sandpaper. Thankfully, you can switch it off.SUMMARYIf you're a fan of survival games, you absolutely must give this a try. Well balanced gameplay (as long as you don't mind a challenge) and a really cool and unique asset in the form of the river and rafting more than make up for its shortcomings. A campaign mode with checkpoints provides a good alternative for those who find survival games and permadeath a bit much for their delicate sensibilities, or who find endless survival pointless.Six thumbs up"
,Recommended,318600,29178127,Posted: 10 January,all,Decoy ☠,"Music was lovely. I found the inventory/crafting to be a little clunky. Sometimes there were bugs (like being able to pick up tainted bait as an animal was eating it and reuse) and occasionally my raft got stuck in terrain and hurt multiple times. The game isn't seamless, that's for sure. All in all though, worthwhile game. Probably worth the $15, but if it goes on sale definitely worth picking up."
76561198005261722,Recommended,318600,33064586,Posted: 30 June,all,jlk_123,"Pro's-Great soundtrackGreat art styleGreat survival aspectsGreat suspenseReal DangerMultiple choicesDeeper meaningHidden conceptsGreat MysteryVery addictiveJust a joy to playChallenging but not in an impossible way.Decent Game LengthCon's-Can get repetetivesometimes unforgivinglack of real storyNeedless to say I spent 10 hours on this game before I beat it, almost 10 hours straight because it was so addictive lol. It has pretty much no story, but for some reason the game is just amazing. It's hard to explain it but I wanted it to never end but I still wanted to get to the end to figure out what's going on. The game is definitely a must and the price is appropriate for it. A nice little game to have in your collection and bring out every year or so to play through again. Definietely a keeper, definitely a great game."
,Not Recommended,318600,31985138,Posted: 26 May,all,SuperSanicGamer,"I think this game is for good players only cause its so complicated and traveler mode (""eazy"") is down right imposseble for players who suck at most games like this, the devs need to add a super eazy mode for the players that need it, just a thought"
,Recommended,318600,32969001,Posted: 28 June,all,Babykins1407,"This is by far one of the best Indie games I have ever played.  The art style is endearing, the music is perfectly suited, and the game play is rewarding and fun.  I just beat it and unlick 98% of the games I have played lately, I actually cant wait to jump right and play again.  I also love it didn't require 200 hours of my life to beat.  Love it!"
,Recommended,318600,22777176,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tearon,"Awesome game, which could use some reballancing. For example, in my fourth game, I was really short on cat tails. Even though I visited every place I could on my way, I found some (more than those fixed 4 before you set sail for the first time) in region 3 where I barely got to, because there is really a hard time to survive without cat tails (or saplings). Also, could the game please be more straightforward, that it won't let me continue from my checkpoint? Because last 2 times I died (in region 6 and 7) it asked me which checkpoint I want to load, and even though I selected the last one, I had to start again. So there are few possibilities.1) The game hates me... :(2) The game likes me, but likes to troll me :(3) There is something wrong with the gameIf 3) is true, could you please fix it, so I could finally see the ending?"
76561198268631104,Not Recommended,318600,30785892,Posted: 27 March,all,sueyhan123,need more checkpoints! Really fed up of restarting from the same palce over and over again
,Recommended,318600,28997878,Posted: 3 January,all,chasesfireflies,"Fantastic soundtrack: catchy hillbilly blues. Addictive game play: everything I loved about Oregon Trail, without all the annoying parts. Downside: annoying problems with controls. Highly recommend."
76561198138951355,Recommended,318600,30769590,Posted: 27 March,all,brookepotter42,"I seem to be attracted to hard games.... despite not usually liking this kind of music, I like it in this game, sets the mood, I think the wolves should spawn at a later time, kinda inconvienient where they start spawning and maybe make the raft harder to break...but other then that I kinda have no complaints!"
,Recommended,318600,30002226,Posted: 17 February,all,G.C.,"It's good and interesting, but there are several bugs. when some tips jump out the game may crash and I have to shut it down without saving.Hope it will be solved"
,Recommended,318600,30090657,Posted: 21 February,all,rawbelly,It's like adding a really beautiful graphics theme to a tedious Microsoft Excel spredsheet.
76561197987664334,Recommended,318600,18240709,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Eddie Krueger,"Okay, I always forget to write my review in Notepad, so I could repost them when Steam decides it only hides the ""Post review"" button, but won't actually post them.....But here's my conclusion:If you are like me, and don't like games where you are destined to die sooner than later (""losing is fun""; what a bs...), stay away. There will be a story mode where you may be able to actually survive the wilderness, but until then put this on your wishlist."
76561198046459598,Recommended,318600,18234531,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,mgrundt,"Hi,The Flame in the Flood is a really good and athomspheric adventure/indie/survival game.It has a beautiful comic-like artstyle and very fitting music/sounds.What i like the most is the what would call ""guided"" survival aspect. I like survival games a lot but i am often confused by the absence of any kind of map or orientiation.As you are traveling along a river and visit different sights, there is no confusion but without limiting the exploration part of the game. Very smart solution in my opinion.I highly recommend the game, if you like survival/comic artstyle/nice soundtracks and don't like map-confusion ;).Can't wait for the story mode, good work guys.Regards"
,Recommended,318600,31362819,Posted: 25 April,all,The Laser Wolf,"I always wanted to like Don't Starve, but it was a little TOO open ended for me.TFitF seems to fix this issue by limiting you to small islands that have a finite set of resources on them. You can dock at an island, sweep it for resources, scope it for potential dangers or just bypass it all together. I personally prefer this approach because it gives me a set of discrete goals to accomplish in a reasonable amount of time. I can play for twenty minutes, hit two or three islands and feel like I moved the needle.I love the stylized graphics and the soundtrack is worth the cost of admission by itself.Check it out if you find most survival games a bit too complicated and time consuming, but maybe give it a pass if you are a genre veteran craving ever more depth."
76561198024368377,Recommended,318600,24024945,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TeeInKay,"Very fun, review based off a half hour of play time. Caught my interest and kept it. This game will be easy to play for hours and was also fun for a short stint. Driving the boat is challenging. Survival is difficult. Crafting is natural, organic, and intuitive. If I could double recommend it I would."
,Recommended,318600,28411421,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ad´No,the ones who talk about dark souls never play this game
,Recommended,318600,34403730,Posted: 21 August,all,kryptolojik,"All aboard the tom sawyer express!  ...well, kinda.  The Flame in the Flood is like any other survival game at it's core.  Starting out is hard, only getting easier by dying and learning from your mistakes.  The setting however is what sets this game apart.  The game has a career mode thats worth playing to the end and an endless mode but not much beyond that.  All and all it delivered on what it promised,"
76561197993015225,Recommended,318600,28900250,Posted: 1 January,all,Capitan83es,"Wow...One of those games you purchase for 10€ because Steam.... and then you realize that paying the full 20 would be as good. Only the Soundtrack is worth that money. And it fits the game better than anything I have seen in a long time.Ok, so, if you like survival games, this is a great game. Only need to worry about... food, water, weather and of course the animal that will kick our♥♥♥♥♥every now and then. All that with a kick♥♥♥♥♥dog partner that will follow you, literally, forever. Now, when you go down the river, you can risk as much or as little as you want, but, anyway, you will enjoy it. Just don't break your transport, and enjoy the music. Did I tell you about he soundtracks yet? Really good ones.Sound! not only the river sound will follow you, every time you craft that guitar will let you flow with it... I liked a lot the crafting system, once you undestand it is nice.The art (Sometimes I would call it design. This is art) is amazing, easy to enjoy while playing and the use they do it just fits. I love it.Now, for the ""could be better section"" I found a couple of bugs (one time game breaking, most of times they help me survive for longer time...). Maybe it feel short, in comparison with other survival games (I mean, I put 40 hours on it, and for sure I'll give it a chance for the endless option, but I still feel the campaign could have been a bit more complete, with more info about what happen and where are you going. River down, yeah, but why? And the thing that most people may not like, one to one combat is non existant... Not a question of skill, if you have the materials, you build the traps and you kill/hunt it. If not, just run and check another place. Mood killer for a lot of people... Not as bad for me.Minor things. I enjoyed it a lot and I hope you do it too."
76561198079855603,Not Recommended,318600,28906339,Posted: 1 January,all,stormcottage,"Horrible controls with KB & M (and none changeable)...  not useable for me...hope they sort this out at some point... but for now I want a refund.I was also very disappointed on how little there was to explore on shore... very tiny areas, so some what unrealistic in that respect. Obviously as I was already thinking refund due to the awkward KB & M issues, I had limited time to see the game. But if that didnt change that would be another reason for requesting a refund... I wasnt after mostly a rafting simulation."
,Recommended,318600,26421024,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Phantom Lord,"Overall it was a pleasant experience to play this game.I really think it still needs some work like sorting the inventory, item stats, which make the game suffer in rating.The whole atmosphere is superb. This maybe is not for the action-hungry gamers. Its not like""How to Survive""game. In the beggining there is constant death! It needs planning and lots of it. Upto a point you get the hang of it, and are ready for endless mode..I really would like the soundtrack -which is trully amazing - to be played more often. Yes its that relaxing and nice to listen to. I personally had my eye on this game before it was available(coming soon). So I didn't want to wait for a sale price. At 20euros its pretty neat and if you are a perfectionist (achievments), this will keep you happy for many hours. For me, it took 18 hours to I get to the end of the river journey. Nice.."
76561198053166129,Not Recommended,318600,22859337,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,eanhard,"looked promising, and was looking forward to a story mode. but then they claimed ti was done and the story mode had no story and wasnt much different to endless mode"
,Recommended,318600,23902977,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The CroutonCake,I love this game. It is very creative and fun. The graphic and the music is great. :)
,Recommended,318600,23786397,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vogiir,"if you feel a flame in your flood...probaly go see a doctor...awsome game though, love the art style and music alot, gameplay mechanics.. well nothing to write home about. this game can be cruel and make you want to re-evaluate your life, that is until your get that perfect run. very good indie game. Worth every cent"
,Recommended,318600,21063746,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lycaeides,"Gorgeous, unique art, fantastic music, compelling and challenging gameplay.The Flame in the Flood is a pleasure to play. I can't wait for campaign mode!"
76561198205152977,Recommended,318600,21500862,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shyopsik,"You can play as a girl ! niceFrom beginning you had a dog with you !! (Nice, looks like a puppy, lovely :)Happy-end... (ohhh sweeet :)And now for something completelly different, seriously... :)It's a simple, but yet ,fully satisfying game.. Game had a nice drawing, and with really cool soundtrack, it's highly addictable (for me, maybe you will had other opinion :)  But you can spent hours collecting resources, looking for shelters and mostly running away from a dangers (yep, thats the difference between this game and most others, in this game you can´t kill everythink)...Yes I can only suggest this game.. enjoy :)"
76561198009461441,Not Recommended,318600,23886658,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,berzebub3.14,There is a lot of love in this game. I feel it. A lot o thinking in using different stuff in different situations (Like rabit)But main loop of game is boring after 2 hours only. Situations are simillar. Inventory menagment is so annoying! And you do not have a lot to do with your staff! Placing traps is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.. And so on and so on.But at the end i got two bugs. One destroy my game (controls turn off).Sorry but that game need even more love to be good.
,Recommended,318600,21293259,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nyhm,"While the game may still be in early access, I have already sunk a lot of time into The Flame in the Flood and I plan to sink more in as well. Beautiful visuals, spot on music, and just the right amount of difficulty makes this survival on to watch. Its worth taking the plunge, just watch out for rocks!"
76561198044983601,Not Recommended,318600,30402915,Posted: 8 March,all,Chet Donnelly,"inventory management is trash.get ""don't starve"" instead.it blows this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game away."
,Recommended,318600,21695530,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SquishyOG,10/10
,Recommended,318600,22050480,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,romasketch,"Nice, not so hard as others rogue-like, game."
,Not Recommended,318600,28770291,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fallen Moon,"At a glance, it's a charming game - fantastic soundtrack, engaging visuals, and plenty of atmosphere. But the mechanics are too random and punishing; it simply does not feel as if player effort and decisions matter enough, and I think if a developer intends for a player to potentially die many times before they learn what to do, there needs to be more consistency and more of a coherent pattern. Even on the easiest setting, I often could never find what I desperately needed. The inability to build a fire at will is frustrating, and encountering lethal wildlife before one has the means to deal with them is too annoying. The backpack interface is not as intuitive as it ought to be, either. And I found the raft ridiculously fragile - very lightly touching a section of shore caused the same effect as a full speed collision and brought an untimely end to that particular playthrough.Even on sale, the game was a waste of money."
,Recommended,318600,31325010,Posted: 23 April,all,Randommeerkitty,"This is a very fun game but I did have issues controlling the steering when on the raft (not sure if that's because 1. I'm using a controller, 2. My controller is broken (because the left stick is broken and it sometimes makes things veer in a random direction on most of the games I play) or 3. I'm just bad at steering lmao.I was very lost at the start because I didn't realise the recipe for each item was already there and I was fumbling like an idiot trying to learn how to make a snare before I even made a stone knife. That's mainly an issue on my part but perhaps an optional tutorial could help that? idkThe art style is nice an unique. The dog is adorable and the game is challenging but extremely enjoyable and addictive.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoyed survival games."
76561198101368200,Not Recommended,318600,33620312,Posted: 17 July,all,Porkhat,"I really like the concept but the gameplay was kind of dull and repetitive. Kind of like Don't Starve, but not as good."
,Recommended,318600,18198669,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Disasterbenz,"This is by far my favorite survival game.I adore the art style, its take on the survival gene and how each round is never the same!ProsGod where do i start!I love everything about this game so far!From the wonderful landscape, changing weather, crafting and MANY ways you can die.ConsFrom this point in time im finding it hard to find any!All i can say is thank you for creating this wonderful game!10/10"
,Recommended,318600,28700554,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Glauco Fox,"Great rogue like, if you're a fan of the genre, don't miss out."
76561198169419957,Recommended,318600,34452703,Posted: 23 August,all,Pop Will Eat Itself,Just gettin into this game and having a great time. Love it that the developers have delivered in full!
,Recommended,318600,22330774,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,meow :D (i want to die),amazing game really good art style i mean i suck at it but what ever
,Recommended,318600,22619938,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Dust,Surprisingly addictive and fun to play. The soundtrack really makes it worth to play!
76561198148163908,Recommended,318600,21443705,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jun Snow,liked and enjoyed the game so much! but it also crashes. please fix the games as soon as possible. :)
76561198088148995,Recommended,318600,21653939,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LUCU,"Stunning game, it really takes you by surprise. if you like Don't starve, then you will definitely like this. it's alot better then most ""non-indie"" games out there *cough*  call of duty *cough cough* :P"
76561197988839245,Recommended,318600,21447906,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Roxc,"Good stuff!This game does not perhaps has the best replayability factor, but its still a very well crafted game."
76561197979199457,Recommended,318600,22933728,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sir Neilium,"Great little playthrough, and I might even go try endless mode."
76561197995425196,Recommended,318600,33305411,Posted: 6 July,all,Steel Fox,If you are looking for simplified (not necesarily easy) roguelike survival game with really good music this is the game for you.
76561198101756395,Recommended,318600,33383949,Posted: 8 July,all,main35tainer,Great game. Possibly best original soundtrack ever for a game.
,Recommended,318600,30538499,Posted: 16 March,all,Prune,"ok first of all the reason i mostly love this game is the challenge its gets harder as u progress and my second fav to this game is........ the AMAZING music , also i would recommend this game to people that have played dont starve there pretty similar in a way :) would reccomend"
76561198019495199,Recommended,318600,31778192,Posted: 15 May,all,Deathwatch,"An interesting take on the survival game, The Flame in the Flood pushes you ever forward into the unknown, hoping for a shot at survival. There are many ways to die, and you will experience many of them, but as you do, you will learn how bettter to prepare yourself for your next try.If you are seeking a unique departure from most of the other survival games out there, the Flame in the Flood might be just for you."
76561197998923248,Recommended,318600,31788246,Posted: 16 May,all,Catastrophe,"I had hopes for this game, however I found the movement machanics while in the river were too difficult for my hands that have Arthritis so sadly I did request a refund after about 40 mins of play.  When I saw that traveling was a large part of the game which I could not do if just was not for me.  Looked great though for the right gamer."
,Recommended,318600,31833329,Posted: 18 May,all,HyB | Kkhonsuu,"Im going to be honest, I was really on the fence about buying this game with my graduation money. I watched a few gameplay videos, even ruined the ending for myself. Yet, this game somehow pulled me in and I bought it. If you're looking for a calm and relaxing, yet tenseful gameplay, this game is for you. The soundtrack eases the nerves after almost dying and the satisfaction of saving your raft or getting that one supply you need is euphoric. The story is around 7 to 8 hours even if you explore and take your time, making it worth in my opinion worth the 15 bucks. This game has a great story and if you're thinking about buying, I'd say you should."
76561198061750921,Recommended,318600,21667444,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DeadMan_Playing,"my review few month ago :it looked great in the trailer, but ... meh ...hunger goes down so fast you can barely launch your game and you're already starving ... last game i played, i starved to death in front of a few rabbits with a snare trap in my bag ... and it was like 5 am on day 2. a real person would not die from starvation after 29 hours ... btw i tried eating berries in the ""starvation"" state, thinking ""surely this will give me enough juice to hunt a few rabbits"" ... but no. Died with my berries in the mouth like a dumbass.and everything wants to kill you ... but just you. animals don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your dog or npc's for that matter. no, just you.crafting doesn't make alot of sense and is very restrictive. either you have what the game wants or you're ♥♥♥♥ed. there's really no way to make up for what you don't have. Meaning, you have to survive the way the game wants you to. No improvisation, no way to outsmart the game. You don't have what is needed for this particular trap that works on boars, well ... keep scrounging every nook and cranny for a day or two. btw : you're starving.And even if you manage to not starve and make some progress, you could always drown because your raft clipped into an island you were trying to undock from.there's resolution issues ...  and the background and the character seems to have different framerates.they have a custom cursor that doesn't work. I don't know how they managed to do that, but hey, they added the option to turn it off, so it's all good. (maybe ?)i have no doubt the game could be enjoyable if you manage to pass the first ingame week. but after many attemps and just as many dumb, depressing deaths, i just gave up on it.It was just not fun enough to keep trying.My review now :ok well, i kept trying, and it was ok.got a few fun hours out of it.at one point i had so much stuff it was even a bit overkill ... so i guess my issues with starvation were just me having bad luck ... and playing the difficult mode also. yea. maybe.so poop poop pidoo yea i recommend it."
,Recommended,318600,26314403,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HAL,"Good gameplay, but boring in late game."
76561198134084776,Recommended,318600,31342350,Posted: 24 April,all,Coconut Head,Original
,Recommended,318600,28763853,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Eadlyn June,*SIngs* Oh the flammmme in the flooooood...
76561198002575236,Recommended,318600,31477334,Posted: 30 April,all,saizo,"Loved this gameSoundtrack is amazingCrafting system is pretty coolVisual effects are fun and engagingSeriously the soundtrack is so goodGameplay is solid but the crafting system takes some time to learn,and since the game doesn't pause in the menu/crafting screen it canbe a pain at first.Also you get a dog.Who doesn't like dogs.Ended up beating this game in 12 hours.  No regrets."
76561198051437191,Not Recommended,318600,31381955,Posted: 26 April,all,Dwain,"The Game is quite enjoyable, the artwork might not be for everyone but I think it creates a nice feeling.The survival aspects are neatly integrated and it really feels like you have to struggle to stay alive at least for as long as my longest run took (5 days).However, I can't bring myself to recommend this game to anyone as the controls simply ruin it. When using the quick menue the last given movement command will be executed indefinitely until you close the menue, sometimes getting stuck in a certain motion. This can be fixed by simply moving in the same direction once more but is quite annoying.Especially when traveling with the raft. In some occasions I was not able to steer the raft what so ever for no apparent reason and could only steer again after crashing into some terrain. This does artificially generate hardship.... or death were not needed. Maybe this can be fixed by using a game pad I didn't try that.The fact that you have no map is on one hand good for immersion as you don't know what's downstream of the river or have ever visited any of the docking stations before. Sadly, after playing several albeit short runs, these islands seem rather repetitive and I had a hard time to remember whether I already visited a certain spot or not. Here a small map revealing itself as you scout the island would have been really nice.TL:DR Nice game but the controls are wacky."
76561198042934125,Not Recommended,318600,26563951,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mariabross,"The game was awesome during the first 3 hours run. Awesome designs of the environment and cool musics.However, things quickly got monotonous. I'd say its pretty good to be honest but with this price range. Its better to get""Don't starve bundle""."
,Recommended,318600,23244615,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TinkerTyler,"Your rickity boat is being pulled by the tide and up ahead you can see the river is filled with rocks and felled trees.An old man beings wailing on a rusty-stringed acoustic guitar, a pain in his voice.  The current catches you and your boat veers towards a dock.Thunder and lightning tear open the sky!You pull your raft onto a small island only to find that you are not alone.This game is awesome!  If you like ""The Long Dark"" survival mechanics, mixed with beautiful southern landscapes, randomized locations, and ACTUAL SURVIVAL TIPS/TECHNIQUES (if you don't like that, see a pyschologist) then you will love this game.Buy it."
76561198160611827,Recommended,318600,28563722,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,j.estrella2603,"Beautiful graphics, nice story, my go-to in between game when I only have a few minutes to play or need a break from the serious stuff"
76561197979353861,Recommended,318600,28208343,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ghostlight,"I recommend this excellent little game, while warning readers that it has rather limited replayability. Even though it has an Endless mode that is procedurally generated, the game is far too easy once you know what you are doing. This is compounded by a further very major problem: After a large amount of miles travelled (100+) in Endless mode, the game then applies ""artificial difficulty"" in that it simply stops spawning Repair Stations for you to get your raft fixed at. This means that every single endless run will simply (and predictably) end with you drowning as your raft health is chipped away by river hazards until it is ultimately destroyed.So...recommended, but with hesitation."
76561198017578232,Recommended,318600,25899134,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DeKooning,This is a fantastic little game. Crafting and surviving is challenging but fun. The music and general tone is perfect. Really enjoyed playing through this.
,Recommended,318600,24403053,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,AnarchyRocker,"This game has all the elaments of a survivle game with a new mechanc iv never seen. with and end goal in sight and chalanges between u and it, u are faorced to move forward. on of the best survivle games iv ever played. simple yet difficult."
76561198292603685,Recommended,318600,24058113,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Noura,""" Tell Us traveler .. what's there out ? ""i'm in love with this game , one of few games .. i coudn't stop until finishedthe story , the music , the graphics an AmaaaaaaazingThanks a lot , Great job !"
76561198127492000,Recommended,318600,29037463,Posted: 5 January,all,giantsontheleft,"Good challenge, lots of inventory sorting, and steel pedal guitar: it's a gem but you will yell at it from time to time."
,Recommended,318600,33132324,Posted: 2 July,all,Red Hunter,doggo on a raft
,Recommended,318600,21441943,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,"<FONT FACE=""impact"">DENISTRY",ไผ๋บะม่วน ฮาม่วนน
,Recommended,318600,35399104,Posted: 1 October,all,gg unit,Love the art. Struggle to find the fun in the game but I'll give it a very slight thumbs up. I wouldn't pay full price.First hour or two was pretty great but it gets repetitive quickly. A bunch of things that could have added fun just never quite did.
,Recommended,318600,28657230,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Thumbless Terror,A great survival game with an awesome setting a an amazing soundtrack. It has a interesting story and an endless mode that  you can put serious time into deffinately a game to checkout.
76561198180842693,Not Recommended,318600,35506187,Posted: 5 October,all,wizarddude51,It's like a poor man's Don't Starve.
76561198096471065,Recommended,318600,26280067,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Scootin_Bewtz,"To quote Frank Reynolds, I love this game!"
,Recommended,318600,34719952,Posted: 3 September,all,MK47,Great and original
76561197993835236,Not Recommended,318600,22988422,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Br!gs,"Dying Simulator 2016I'd rather have more luck on winning the lottery than surviving long enough in this game. The odds of finding the required items to craft traps, food, medicine are too low and in result you die over and over until you manage to find a lot of the materials you didn't find in the last 10 runs but can't find the other useless materials. Game is broken, and if you enjoy being frustrated this is the game for you. Not me, i want to have fun in a game, not to die over and over and nothing in return."
76561198112761082,Recommended,318600,21477543,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,randfoo2005,"goodGreat musiccool art styleSmooth movements for controllerDog gorgeous assistantYou may have to live the momentbadhard to craftbad warmth and cooler  sickness system to characterThere is no  a powerful weapon to kill a wolf in the beginningYou may not work quickly trapA small bag and  Many resourcesVery fast cycle of night and daybad position for checkpoint.Easily are broken bones and  raft .slow traps take time and Enemies  so fast in gameWhatever you have hunger never completed in the  beginning and low fastcrash from time to timeI think the game needs to be best gamegood weapon - more good  foods and Drinks in each islands - slow Enemies - no  broken bones and  broken  raft -Large bag x20 - no wet System so you can Find water to your jar  easily - maps for river so you can see the island  befoer it get  Close.But it is a fun game and  i  recommend purchase it, but not nowاللعبة جميلة بشكل عام ولكنها صعبة  رغم فكرتها الجميلة وتحتاج لوقت للتعود عليها"
,Not Recommended,318600,24225322,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,pickle rick,"There were two things keeping me from really enjoying this game.1. It's really hard to find the story in this game. You get dumped in and you just try to survive with your dog. Great, but I have yet to find any clues or ideas about who I am, what I'm doing in this world, and how it ended up the way it did. I admit, I only survived about 7-10 days, but with so little story at the start I wasn't hooked into the game and I don't really feel like there's anything to discover in order to keep me playing.2. The main character's face. WHAT. THE. #*$@! Really? Could you make the hero of your game any less appealing to look at? Sure, there's artistic style, but this is a bit of a disaster. Did she get run over by a steamroller?Apart from those issues I'd say this game is pretty cool. If you like pointless challenges of survival and you don't mind looking at a pancake-face hero then this is your game."
,Recommended,318600,28144639,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,lil pup,i love rivers and eating jerky
76561198063615320,Recommended,318600,18180653,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,EliteJ,Great game.First game Ive written any type of review for.
,Recommended,318600,31951535,Posted: 25 May,all,Yummy_眠眠,We need Chinese!!!
76561197985508342,Not Recommended,318600,30285516,Posted: 2 March,all,mudplayerx,"THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR OLDER COMPUTERS!I bought this game back before I bought a new laptop (and refunded it shortly after). Maybe someday I will give it another chance if I feel like playing it on my new, fast laptop. I just wanted to post a warning for people considering getting this for a laptop with minimum specs. It is horribly optimized. It lags badly and has huge spikes when stuff like lightning occurs. Do not buy this game unless you have a mid-level or better computer."
,Not Recommended,318600,30383539,Posted: 7 March,all,Ranrelle,"Looks great, gameplay is very lacking though. Lacks design, Don't Starve is still a better buy"
76561198318173980,Not Recommended,318600,30015238,Posted: 18 February,all,emacrory4,This game is glitchy as hell on mac
,Recommended,318600,30012146,Posted: 18 February,all,Diishonòr,Played it for 20 minutes already in love with it.its unique from all of the other survival type games.Nothing else to say just BUY IT!
,Recommended,318600,20634255,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Vikenzo,That's just the game i love most because the ost and the game mechanics but i cannot past the start screen in endless mode i cant play this anymore but i hope i can get later.. best ost
76561198032415486,Recommended,318600,33483429,Posted: 12 July,all,Hazukichan,"Not the most forgiving game, certainly. On water, your raft is tricky to maneuver until you've had a lot of practice. The controls are a bit of a mess, or at least difficult to figure out, i.e. left and right cause the raft to turn, left plus paddle causes it to shift to its left (not your left, necessarily), and the currents prominently affect which direction it moves, and how fast. Expect to spend some time getting the hang of each aspect of rafting... but then, that's half the reason to buy this game, isn't it? And it's well implemented, overall. Challenging to learn, satisfying to master.On foot, you'll likely have a similar learning curve. The crafting system gives you access to a variety of tools for survival, including the tragically impractical bow and arrow -flint, a sapling and a feather for one single arrow which, if you don't miss (which, with the aiming mechanics, you are likely to do, especially while learning) will still not kill any of the things that like to charge at you and gradually murder your frail girly form. There's the torch for scaring off animals when it's not raining, which seems to have fairly limited utility. There's the gas bombs that stun things (including you) caught in their temporary cloud of fumes, fairly useful with a little tactical thinking. There are better ways to take down the scary things, though; find them, use them, or just evade the beasties if that's your thing. Probably want to invest in a stove and shelter for your raft in that case, though, to help manage the freezing cold as you progress toward the latter areas of the game... and even if you do become a fearsome monster slayer, the process of creating the best beast hide clothing is convoluted to say the least.The health system is a little odd. Get hurt, you slow down. The more hurt you are, the slower you get. Makes logical sense; wounds do tend to impair focus and motor function. It makes for a fairly all-or-nothing combat system, though; every time I died to creature attacks, it wasn't a close thing, nor were the times I survived a sticky spot. With three or four wounds, you really stand virtually no chance of escape or fighting back, which is where the game can get highly frustrating... especially if the last checkpoint was a long way back, or your pride compelled you to choose permadeath mode. I don't recommend the latter for your first campaign, incidentally; you can always come back and attempt it on a second run, no? So, returning to the topic of the health system, you have craftable items that cure cuts, herbs to cure stings, and splints to help mend broken bones. You also have antibiotics in case you don't fix a cut or sting in time. Here's the thing: I used an antibiotic /once/ in my entire first successful playthrough. There simply weren't enough wounds to exhaust my stocks of healing supplies -well, early on maybe, but not later- except perhaps those few times when I died of five or six lacerations and time skipped back to the last checkpoint. There doesn't seem to be much point to keeping a substantial stock of medical supplies; either you die in an encounter, or you come out mostly fine. You can't bandage yourself while under attack; it takes time, and enemies attack with frightful speed. So running, evading, stunning, trapping or just fleeing back to a campfire or the dock become your primary means of surviving attack... thematically appropriate, perhaps, but jarring for more action-oriented gamers, and anyone hoping that using the bow to fight off attackers would be... at all viable.So, we have a harsh, tricky-to-learn game which at this point probably mostly sounds like a major pain in the butt. Right?Wrong.The Flame in the Flood is a masterpiece. Maybe not the most engagingcombatexperience, but the thrill of white-water rafting, running around foraging for lumber supplies in a storm, slowly but surely making your way to the journey's end... it's a powerful and remarkable blend of impressions and challenges. That this game was put together by individuals who left the big-budget triple-A quagmire to pursue independent development, and to see them create something with so much soul, so much heart... that truly inspires me.Also, the soundtrack is frickin' sweet. I'm not even particularly fond of that style of music, but it really, really works here.In closing: Hard, but also beautiful; well worth the effort. It's not a very long game, but definitely worth experiencing at some point."
,Recommended,318600,30032547,Posted: 19 February,all,Sir Snorlax,Not for casual gamer.
76561198128314130,Recommended,318600,33338961,Posted: 7 July,all,KuroNeko,Love this game! Super addictive!Waitting for the new DLC or new chapters.
76561197996782444,Recommended,318600,31831917,Posted: 18 May,all,Peach Cobbler Soup (idle),"First play: bit by ants. Wound became an Infection. Infection became sepsis. Died in minutes.Thankfully i kept trying. And before i knew it- 5 hours had passed.This game is really good- but you've got to get past the initial stages of having no gear and get your footing.Great art style, challenging gameplay, some awesome music.The con: the wolves. After awhile- you'll find yourself in wolf-world...And wolf world isnt very welcoming to a little girl with a dog...Has an optional tutorial found in the menu and i recommend u use it. there certainly moments where i had to Google something and then yelled ""oh how the **** was i supposed to know that!!""E.g. tainted meat kills wolves. And Only wolves. No other animals eat it... uhhggg.I really hope there is more content to come. Because the campain definitely left me wanting more .."
,Recommended,318600,33945721,Posted: 1 August,all,KiteEye,I enjoyed the soundtrack - because it is an actual song
,Not Recommended,318600,31348133,Posted: 24 April,all,BlakkCooper,It looked like it is the kinda game I would love but it is not. The raft steering is pretty lame and unimaginative and when you dock somewhere and explore some area for resources it's really nothing beyond finding a couple of things and crafting them into some stuff. Rinse and repeat. No real feeling of progression or challenge. Ontop of that you have to try to not die which can happen quickly. I died on the very first day due to starvation which is no surprise since the time it takes to consume some berries is you actually lose the same amount on your food bar that you replenished. Music is pretty good though.4/10
76561198003227119,Recommended,318600,31335945,Posted: 24 April,all,DeadWalking,"Better than I thought, quite fun to play."
76561198071272830,Recommended,318600,27104356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rwx,+
,Recommended,318600,27385128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dyer,"I got a boat, i got a dog, I got eaten by a wolf.  10/10. Would raft again.  The soundtrack is amazing!"
76561198071776533,Not Recommended,318600,21439000,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Trouser_Dune_Worm,"This game is good, but the UI is so terrible I will not be playing this game again unil its fixed.  God forbid you ever need to throw down a clutch trap to save your♥♥♥♥♥from a beast.   GOOD LUCK with the ""quick menu"".  Unfortunately I have played the game longer than two hours and cant refund it."
,Not Recommended,318600,21506210,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,phaen,"As it stands, it doesn't quite live up to the hype. It's pretty... ish... in a glitchy ""is it meant to look broken?"" way. There's a ton of bugs still and the frame rate is bad.The soundtrack is lovely, and the general tone is fantastic, but the game mechanics are ruthless in a way that doesn't make this game very sticky for new players.If the game actually gets a learning curve sorted out and fixes the bugs, it'll be worth a play, but I'd recommend players wait a few months."
76561198180876491,Not Recommended,318600,21482055,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,sumfuz,I really loved this game.. I played a lot before launched...but now it has serious bugs... no more stage... what can i do?
,Not Recommended,318600,21553369,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BlueGray,This game is glitchy on my imac. The icons tell me to press 'A' on the gamepad yet I'm using a keyboard and mouse. I can't pick anything up or interact with anything. The screen flickers between different gamepad prompts. Totally unplayable.
76561198039775563,Not Recommended,318600,21537564,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NpcPleb,"after newest patch, game crashes upon launch."
76561197982049686,Not Recommended,318600,31329867,Posted: 23 April,all,Shake,i find the raft contols impossible. I keep getting stuck and dying.
,Recommended,318600,29999318,Posted: 17 February,all,Narsh,"This is adorable game ,Adventure with you buddy puppy <3 how cute ! searching  running hunting ..survive bla bla....Totally good for this game also music and graphic ^w^ relax relax...CHEAP! price NICE game ^^buy it buy it buy it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198034355829,Not Recommended,318600,33635546,Posted: 18 July,all,Toma,"-Disovery that Aesop saves items for the new game when you die. This is mentioned multiple times in guides, reviews, and comments.-Learns how to access Aesop's bag (I originally thought I had to click on the dog for it).-Over multiple playthroughs, I slowly gathered 10 raft schematics, 10 raft hardwares, 10 raft frames, 10 stitching kits, 5 water jars, and 5 rabbit pelts.-Went to next island after collecting my final schematic, so that game would save with everything.-Went to main screen and clicked on the new game option, without dying, for the first time. There was no need keep playing, because there was nothing more to gather for Aesop.-Started new campaign. This would be the final run. 10 hours of work gathering everything for the ideal start.-Checked my inventory. Found out that Aesop only carries items if you die first.-RAGE SCREAM!!!!This game has been out for over a year, and it was not mentioned once in any steam forum comment, any guide I read, or any review, so consider this your one and only warning. I lost the results of 10ish hours of playtime due to this. I'll probably give this another shot but it is incredibaly upsetting to lose out on all the work I put into this game, and I don't think it is fair that you are forced to kill yourself in order to carry items over, so I can't really bring myself to reccomend it right now."
76561198057097198,Recommended,318600,31335825,Posted: 24 April,all,Optimal Burritos,"I bought this expecting that I'd get an awesome soundtrack, ALL I GOT WAS A GAME, DAMN YOU GABE!"
76561197965367870,Not Recommended,318600,30739150,Posted: 25 March,all,formed.babby,Game-breaking bug has prevented me from progressing. Emailed devs with no response. No time for buggy games!
76561198028037597,Recommended,318600,20290631,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Watau,"Best game in 10years, best art/design i ever found, music astonishing!"
,Not Recommended,318600,30810153,Posted: 29 March,all,meLTY,a cool concept that feels forced and pretentious in execution
76561198006511903,Recommended,318600,32675724,Posted: 23 June,all,MrocznySmerf,fajny klimat... chce sie wrocic do don't starve :)
,Recommended,318600,31127921,Posted: 13 April,all,UncrtnMind,Challenging game to the end. Loved the music too.
76561198104060707,Recommended,318600,23858252,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,anakrion,"Besides an appealing artstyle and  fantastic soundtrack the Flame in the Flood has a good story to tell. It's one of those games that make you feel all the feels. Sure thing, crafting a jacket from a bear pelt that cost you a few broken bones to acquire is pretty satisfying but the true joy is to embark your raft at sunrise, when the song kicks in and let the stream take you forward to hope."
,Recommended,318600,23895821,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jhayzmine,"Great art style, addicting gameplay. The game is challenging but not so much that makes you frustrated. A few issues with camera angles occasionally. Overall an amazing game."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,318600,29126202,Posted: 8 January,all,Edgewalker,Concept is neat and it's pretty too. Nice music as well. Crafting is okay I guess.Locations are a bit empty and too similar too each other but I could live with that.Main problem is that the game is bogged down by a horrendously made raft mechanics.Steering it requires lightining reflexes and controls feel very clunky. Since you spend most of your time on the raft it is kind of a big deal.I thought that was supposed to be a survival game not a quick time event/dodge all the rocks in the river/arcade fest?I guess I was wrong.
,Not Recommended,318600,21470671,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dhrenzen,"The river sections are so infuriating in the way that the game maps input to results. I'm telling the character to row in a direction and nothing responds in any way. Considering this is part of the main gameplay loop (river/areas) the game will constantly make you crash into obstacles despite you trying to avoid them as you drift into them uncontrollably.The island sections are ok, but are very luck reliant about what materials you find.  One run you'll find nothing but building materials so you will slowly starve. The next will be the opposite and every hit on your raft will be essentially permanent."
,Not Recommended,318600,25860038,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RGP,"I loved this game at first, but soon got frustrated because there are not enough save points. No matter how careful you are, you WILL die and loose all progress since the last save point. There are so few of these that I simply got bored of retreading my steps. Shame that such a simple thing has completely ruined this otherwise charming game for me"
76561197970866143,Not Recommended,318600,21582894,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[dbH]Ram,"What the hell are developers thinking when doing an UI and Controls like that? Wake up it's 2016!! The ""quick menu"" needs the same amount of actions as the normal inventory? What a bad joke. The steering of your raft should have been difficult, but it is only terrible. The inventory management is another joke. Beside that it would be a nice game, if there would be something more depth. After at max 2 hours you will have discovered all of the crafting and thats it. Music and gfx are fine. The Story has no start. I am disappointed."
76561198028297743,Not Recommended,318600,32702329,Posted: 23 June,all,Lord Brian of Brianton,"Very hard to figure out what to do.  Maybe this is a great game eventually but it felt too much like labor to figure out anything about the game.  It desperately needs a real tutorial or even something to give you a fraction of an idea as to what is even going on and what you're trying to acomplish.  Sound would not work, maybe that would have helped."
76561198007165721,Not Recommended,318600,22151558,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bourlingueur,"I usually love survival games, but this one didn't click well with me.There are a few interesting mechanics, but the novelty wears away very quickly, especially with the raft. It feels more frustrating than anything to try and avoid floating houses and other debris, and the further you go, the more difficult it is to navigate the rapids, which just adds to the frustration. The controls are stiff and clunky, and it's often a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to try and dock in as many locations as possible, which you're pretty much obligated to do if you want to have a chance to finish this game.I kinda like the idea that the stuff you leave in the dog's backpack carries over your next playthrough, but I also think it's pretty silly, and too much of an incentive to just ''give up''. If things are going badly, you can put your best stuff in the little guy's bag and commit suicide to give you an advantage on your next start. Not very survival-ish. I prefer to tempt fate until my very last breath, but to each his own.The music is alright for a little while. The acoustic parts are even rather lovely. But when you're drowning and a man from the Southern US sings an upbeat country/rock song about friendship and survival, you kinda feel like throwing your mouse through the window and never play this game again.In my humble opinion, The Long Dark is a notch above this one. And it's Canadian. Go play that instead."
76561197990087355,Not Recommended,318600,21591431,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Esarraf,while my problems will probably be fixes later in some update I didint want to bother. In the first 6 minutes of the game it crashed and then after loading it up again the music cut out.
76561198374912724,Recommended,318600,31320529,Posted: 23 April,all,Babyyyyyesssss,"pretty nice, in case when you upgrade all stuffs. use a trap to catch white/elder wolf, if not you'll gonna miss them."
,Not Recommended,318600,22119581,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,secret G spot,"Died of starvation of Day 2, YEAH OKAY!   You collect bunch of stuff that's useless, and each time you ladn there is either a raging boar or a wolf and your knife or hammer DOESN""T DO ANYTHING and swinging your stupid stick doesn't do anything either!    By the time you get to an island that doesn't have an animal on it, you die because you either starve or die from infection bite of an ant that kills you within a day.SERIOUSLY THIS IS BAIT AND SWITCH on your $20.   I saw nothing but good reviews, and all of them failed to address these basic issues.   2 hours and I am dead from dehydration and from starvation by the time I get to the second island."
76561198100163198,Recommended,318600,29261613,Posted: 14 January,all,daxiaobudian,居然没有中文版，好失望啊，游戏风格不错，故事性也不错。
76561198317312542,Recommended,318600,29297885,Posted: 16 January,all,htwongsam,i love this game amazing i love aesop
,Recommended,318600,34624483,Posted: 30 August,all,Joker,"it's cool, but the graphic is mostly terrifying"
76561198318202375,Not Recommended,318600,31380806,Posted: 26 April,all,ar,"not my cup of tea, but if you like hipster game with no logic and hipster music, ok. worst game i bought in steam so far and it was -50%, still i regret buying it. the hype on this one, really?"
,Not Recommended,318600,22625761,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,L0G1STX  aka MAGA Man,"IDK, I recommend this game to people who are on the fence with survival games. This game is likely to bring you over to the frusturating world that is Survival, but if you are already playing those types of games The Flame in the Flood is just an interesting distraction at best. I know people are going to laugh at my measley half hour when I say what I am about to say, but let's put it this way: I play the LONG DARK. The Long Dark is a much more hardcore survival experience than this game will ever be. The crafting system is weak, the rafting system is NOT what i expected and honestly this feels like a child's introduction into survival games. Finding a place to sleep at night is a joke. All you have to do is get into a raft, go to the first island with a building, walk up to the building and boom bam, sleep. I also find it very weird that time goes by so fast. Like 3 days passed when I was rafting to the closest island 300 meters away. Why? The wolves just don't do it for me either. They look like mangy chupacabras for one and for two they are easily out ran. In the long dark I have to take longer routes through confusing forests just to avoid getting eaten by wolves and bears on the way to a fishing hut. Also there are no parasites in the food, no pain killers or anti bodies. It's just not a realistic experience at all... I've probably offended a lot of people, but I prefer a type of game where I'm guaranteed death from the start, this game just seems very arcade like. It's a shame because the only reason I bought the Long Dark was by a fluke, I actually meant to buy this game. I'm glad i didn't. I longed to play this game for a while but when I finally got it today it just wasnt worth it. Like the top line suggests, I don't recommend this to people who want a true survivalist experience. Go play the Long Dark if you want to play a game that challenges your survival instincts. As a game this isn't so bad. It's well made, has it's own ""challenges"", beautiful artwork and graphics, etc. It's just not for me. IF I had a daughter or little sister I would buy this game for them. This is one of those rare moments I struggle with a thumbs up or thumbs down. Games aren't so black and white, life isn't either. Steam should know this. So even though I place a thumbs down, know I do not hate the game, it just isn't for me."
,Not Recommended,318600,29330059,Posted: 17 January,all,Braided Asshair,"In the beginning the game is fun, and is a good concept. But after about an hour or so I found the gam very repetative and boring."
76561198126252325,Recommended,318600,22496932,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Duan#029,个人而言，十分喜欢这款游戏。游戏中，对自然资源和物资的结合运用是确保女主角生存的关键。只要玩家足够细心，耐心，又肯冒一点险，那么活下去不成问题，这也是生活中的我们所欠缺的精神。有的时候，我缺少滤水设备，不得不靠喝脏水活命，但为了生存，这又算什么呢？制作组参与过Bioshock系列的制作工作，他们的创意和对游戏制作的投入是我支持他们的原因。游戏的配乐和插曲也精妙绝伦，男歌手的歌声给对生活灰心的我又燃起了斗志。难得的优秀生存游戏。
,Not Recommended,318600,29239405,Posted: 13 January,all,Two-Ton Teuton,"Came expecting something different from other survival games, and was incredibly disappointed.  The only upside is that the game shows the entire scope of its' gameplay within the first few minutes, so I didn't waste much time."
76561198119530629,Not Recommended,318600,21622466,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,lord porfangar,would not recomend
76561198064642386,Not Recommended,318600,21439707,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,LupisVolk,I really want to like this but most of what this game does others like Don't Starve does better and the deaths feel less cheap. But it runs well and looks great.
,Not Recommended,318600,30348753,Posted: 5 March,all,HolyFather,"Disclamer: if you read this and leave thumb down, congratz: you are a stubborn fan!Pros:- addictive and challenging gameplay- interesting concept of travelling- nicely styled worldCons:- cruel save system considering the fact you often fail due to the game glitches- you can stuck in a dock area or anywhere setting a trap (say hello to the saves you have not got!)- almost useless raft upgrades (steering is still terrible, force paddle is more effective than motor, and motor is simply glitching) - hello to the missing saves again!- major interface issues which either disable you to react in the fast-paced environment (annoying context menu, useless 1-2-3 hotkeys) or just make you feel playing some alpha release (you need either left or right click to bring the menu, depending on the place) - hey, where are your saves now?- minor graphical glitches like wolf eyes just inside of the river stream and HUD humping over the object- spoiler: this game pretend to have a story, but it doesn't (if it has, it was written 10 minutes before the release)Every single point is not a problem, but their complex is. When I played the game I had fun most of the time - yet after finishing the game I feel cheated. If you ever buy this game, do it with 50% discount or more.TO DEVELOPERS:Please fire the junkie who drew the character faces and finally hire the first programmer to the team!"
76561198005667986,Not Recommended,318600,21472947,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ron  Delta One,"Well there is a nice game there some place, but to hard to handle that river, it takes the joy out of it. Would not buy it"
,Not Recommended,318600,34566287,Posted: 28 August,all,FaoWolf,"I loved this game, but got to play very little. I kept falling off the world & no one was helping me (I mean developers). Beautiful game, but very little help (if any) from the ones that made it so unfortunately I do not recommend this until they fix that bug which makes this unplayable or at least communicate with their players."
,Not Recommended,318600,34072135,Posted: 6 August,all,mwyeoh,"Tried my best, but I couldnt get into the game.Lost interest quite quickly"
,Recommended,318600,33654648,Posted: 19 July,all,user,asdsad
76561197968891301,Recommended,318600,23836330,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mindroth,This game has excellent flavor mixed with good gameplay.  Buy it!
,Not Recommended,318600,31886685,Posted: 21 May,all,Smeii,"Bought & Refunded, 2 hours into this game and still no story.Neat graphics tho."
76561198008302886,Not Recommended,318600,24012124,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FableSquad,Do yourself a favour and buy Dont Starve
,Recommended,318600,22874375,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,t.tv/EncavingEcho,"Died from Lack of sleep, 10/10"
,Recommended,318600,26910167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mööml,6/5murhaa susia piikkiansoilla ja kuole käärmeeseen
,Recommended,318600,31281053,Posted: 21 April,all,squarefox,"Nice little survival game, liked it :)"
76561198024257220,Not Recommended,318600,30267734,Posted: 1 March,all,icup342,This game needs more work.
76561197963496629,Not Recommended,318600,18342391,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mithrawndo,"Currently unplayable with a XEOX (PC gamepad) controller. Would have refunded it, but have wasted too many hours trying to figure out what's causing the controller to cut out in-game (it still works just fine when tested in windows and the problem has never occurred with any other game. Hooray for the PC master race!), and the game is playable with keyboard and mouse.The game itself is pretty basic at the moment: Float down a procedurally generated river, avoiding obstacles and visiting campsites, forests and other locations to collect items necessary for survival. Rinse and repeat; it's a rogue-lite and the game is to survive as long as you can.A storyline is in the works, and I would suggest waiting for this until you purchase. As it stands, I would retail this game at under US$5."
76561197970505966,Not Recommended,318600,22522317,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,jjtcorsair,"I am not happy with this game. I don't know if it's too hard or what but I keep dying. I have tried different strategies but I just don't seem to have the right tools to keep from being attacked by boars and wolves. And then there's the raft. Oh the raft. I've drown 3 times in a row just trying to pull away from a dock. Plus, it rains way too much. I had high hopes for this game but I give up, it's too frustrating."
76561198121006447,Not Recommended,318600,21449613,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,karlalsop,"purchased this today . i was looking forward to playing my first survival game,  i tried to put the game to full screen and all i have is a blue screen and can not do anything with my pc, so have to turn off pc by the main power ,  ive asked for a refund from steam (lets see how that goes)  i wiould rather keep the game but if it wont work whats the point ?  ill try again i a few weeks ( maby).Do i recomend the game , and on my experience ( whitch is zero due to the above problem i have to say no."
,Recommended,318600,21113832,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nugget,I refunded the game but will definitely buy it when it leaves early access.The trailer song is worth $20 on its own.
,Not Recommended,318600,33341610,Posted: 7 July,all,BenWah,meh
76561198073687792,Not Recommended,318600,28112425,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,loopie,"This game is hellishly hard. I chose the easier mode and still its way too hard, and I have just accidently overwritten my checkpoint. I can't play this anymore."
,Recommended,318600,22639310,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"WATCH OUT GRAMPA THERE IS A FLAME IN THE FLOOD IT WILL BURN US ALL LLL LLLOh. No. Wait, the flame is out. Water and all that jazz."
76561198253309694,Not Recommended,318600,21542432,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,mssb107220,Bad game ever
76561198240612808,Not Recommended,318600,19226646,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Caroguin,Game looks terrific but half an hour of play and I'm seasick. I'll try it again with a small window instead of my giant screen.
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,318600,27900907,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pha cops,"With only mild hyperbole; it's a generic view of the aftermath of a Trump presidency.More seriously, I'm going to say the positive is that it is new and different, with a strong sense of the art that defines it.Problematically, I think the game is very repetitive, and the survival aspects a bit harsh in several ways when combined with the inventory management issues.I believe this would have been absolutely brilliant with the survival aspects removed, and the whole thing turned into a story-driven, non-combat game. With the core premise in place, much wizardy would have been possible.All-in-all, some may be pleased, but it ultimately falls short of the greatness embedded somewhere within."
76561198015382218,Not Recommended,318600,21348751,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Stezzz,I have not been able to play a second of this game because it's so broken. No support to be found.
,Not Recommended,318600,21517670,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mordiguy,WORST GAME IVE EVERY PLAYED
76561198035806120,Not Recommended,318600,18878406,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,meggimann,Doesn't run on my mac :-(
76561198008389361,Not Recommended,318600,19865615,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr. Finn,"Gonna be a great game... when its finishedNot recommended for now, this will probably be changed in the future as the game nears completion"
76561198189386799,Not Recommended,318600,18533810,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SodaOat,"The terrible cursor lag ruined it for me.  Yes, I know you can turn it off but by the time I learned that through Google, the whole experience had been ruined.   There's a nice idea in there somewhere just a pity about the sloppy execution.  Feel ripped off to tell the truth."
76561198314386370,Not Recommended,318600,34510712,Posted: 26 August,all,faimui,Not worth £15.
,Not Recommended,318600,21437652,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,IronRooster,"I am still really frustrated by the really long distance between their arbitrary checkpoints. >:-(  That is what keeps me from wanting to play this game - I have fond memories of it, but then I play it, and ARGH!!!!!I don't think I'm bad at games, but I've wasted three evenings and gotten absolutely nowhere in this game!  ARGH!While this game looks like it really ought to work well as a touch-screen game, but it completely does not.  Maybe that's not what the devs wanted or cared about, as I know their background is big AAA games, but this isn't a big AAA game - it's a CASUAL game, and I *really* wish they had put a little bit of effort into making it work on touchscreens and not having the huge gaps between save points! :-("
76561198031339972,Not Recommended,318600,22897678,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,nick_thorson,"Impossible to upgrade raft,"
,Not Recommended,318600,25609427,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,GodChurchGaming69,"This game is like your drunk friend who you want to keep trying, but it never works. Don't buy. It actually sucks. I know I have barely any time on this game, but it is an annoying, unsatifying bad game. I really don't like this and I hope you don't waste your money on this. But don't let my drunk friend see me talking about him."
,Not Recommended,318600,30602024,Posted: 18 March,all,Bassamo,Who says it's good he is just an indie fan .. be away
,Not Recommended,318600,29305302,Posted: 16 January,all,Vandhoming,flat out bad. zero explanation of the story. -9000/10
76561198046153785,Not Recommended,318600,23544015,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SleepiestRanger,I was disapointed
76561198190090702,Not Recommended,318600,34637083,Posted: 31 August,all,ButterScotch,Cancer
76561198004580384,Recommended,318600,30402433,Posted: 8 March,all,Jessica Rabbit,"To be fair, this game is a little buggy and got a little bit grindy for me near the end, but that said I enjoyed this game enough to finish it. The music, art style and general aesthetic made this game worth it for me."
,Recommended,318600,30458040,Posted: 11 March,all,brent.vecchi,Finished the story mode in about 12 hours although the endless mode adds a lot more to the games value. Enjoyed it quite a bit. The game doesn't hold your hand at all and in the beginning you will be on the edge of death at all times. The art direction is comparable to a Double Fine game like The Cave or Psychonauts. My only criticism is that the game seems like it's only 2 parts of a 3-part game. Once you master the mechanics there isn't any challenge. To the dev’s credit they ended the game shortly after you get to this point but it would have been nice to have a final act that challenges all your skills. Great game though. Look forward to seeing more from this dev.
76561198030282533,Not Recommended,318600,30448954,Posted: 11 March,all,Crashdomi von Honkong her,"A really nice game as itself. New idea and mechanics. You dont want to stop playing, it doesn't get bored at all.BUT: After you die in campaign mode (which will eventually happen), ONE SINGLE MISSCLICK is enough to ERASE your COMPLETE progress.... How bad can a game-save-management be done???The game is nice but the whole game-saving is very frustrating and thats not what I pay for. 4 hours of playing gone because of a missclick. Cant recommend"
,Recommended,318600,30479364,Posted: 12 March,all,UpmostScarab,"It's a great game! Even though for me it's only a one time game, but I definitely recommend playing through the campain.Very beatiful art. Great gameplay. Just love it!"
76561198068680632,Recommended,318600,21539664,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Frukost,"Core mechanics are clear, well-balanced, interesting, and deep. Survival on the river is beauitfully and uniquely abstracted. The game is a challenging, quirky, imaginative, and simply stunning game. Rarely does a game bring me in for near 10 hours striaght like The Flame in the Flood has. Looking forward to its future development!"
,Recommended,318600,21523146,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nagra,"EDIT : A hotfix corrected this major issue last night, so I will change this review soon.Won't play again until they patch the wolves' spawn rate. I am tired of restarting over and over and over again because every god damn island is filled with wolves after 3 days...."
76561198001284009,Recommended,318600,21567075,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DangerZone,Great game. worth as shot and more.
,Recommended,318600,21519174,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nervoth,"Looks great, challenging, quite different from other survival games out there."
,Recommended,318600,21520989,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LDC SMB,"With just under 2 hours played (normally enough to tell with rogue-like survival games) I can heartily recommend this. Subtle atmosphere and clever resource management compliment the stunning visuals.One issue is that I have had several crashes, which will likely be patched out sooner rather than later.If you like DOn't Starve and are a fan of ex-Bioshock employee's....grab this!"
76561198007271893,Recommended,318600,21506167,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yellowjacket,"Only a few hours in, but this game has promise!My initial thought is that there is still some balancing needed.  I made it several days, but found myself dead of starvation.  Not because there was no game, there is plenty of it.  Not because I don't know how to snare, because I figured that out.  I died of starvation, because there were no cat-tails.  Zero.  You need cattails to build snares to catch rabbits.  I am dead, because the game provided zero cat-tails."
,Recommended,318600,21506873,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,uberchcken,This game is Brilliant.  Challenging.  And it's one of those you can play for hours or 30 minutes and be satisfied.  Rare Gem.
,Recommended,318600,21437208,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,YellowBanan,its a fun game one problem i have is that your hunger goes down way to fast compared to you water which is more important it takes aboue 5 days o even get half water and 2 to be almost straving but overall its decent
,Recommended,318600,21440362,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"An enjoyable, if unforgiving, rogue-like romp through an America-that-was. My only complaint is that I wish your traveling companion wasn't an eternal avatar of the devil and that you had some way to control what the little♥♥♥♥♥♥barks at."
76561198052856910,Recommended,318600,30714084,Posted: 24 March,all,Broseph Stalin,"great game, love it so far"
,Recommended,318600,21454914,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Catlord,"As someone who did not really hear of this game during its kickstarter and early access I have to say this game is a welcome change of pace from many other games in this price range. It maintains an immersive world, and a pretty aesthetic while also providing a game that is replayable and filled with content. There are two game modes, one allowing you to pursue a narrative and another that allows you to try to survive as long as you can. The crafting makes sense and seems to have a decent amount of content to find and create.Pros---------+ Great texture work and overall aesthetic+ The color schemes used are great+ Gameplay provides a challenge and is rewarding+ Large amount of content for the price+ Interesting world to explore+ Entertaining characters+ Great soundtrackCons---------- Harm that isnt always telegraphed well (ants behind buildings, thorns in hard to see places)- Performance bumps and a crash (seems to be fine now)- Weird (feature?) that selects a item partially down in your inventory (last used?) on opening and then when tried to scroll through it resets to the topOverall---------Really solid game for the price and provides an interesting world for you to survive in. I would recommend :3"
,Recommended,318600,21532461,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Leszek,"I'm not a fan of survival games, but this little gem makes me try and try agin.Oh and the music is so awesome.EDIT:I finished the game like two days ago and I'm very hapy with the story. It was a great experience."
,Recommended,318600,21677295,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jotaan,"Every playthrough is a chance to learn something new. These lessons usually stem from your death, but there's still a sense of satisfaction in having learned a new way to survive."
76561198052369422,Recommended,318600,21777230,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,(burp)mannaupnoob,Challengeing Fun survival game enjoyed every minute of it . Made few mistakes few time down the river adding some pouches for inventory helped out alot. Stock up early to mid game coat last few legs of the river to the finish.
,Recommended,318600,21741247,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,dort,"I don't know..I mean, the soundtrack is awesome and the visuals are stunning, but I feel that the game could be more polished.I enjoyed my 11 hours needed to finish it the campaign mode though. The protagonist looks rather genderless and I really enjoyed that! So it basically comprises of two modes: the river mode and the exploration mode.In river mode you gotta swerve from obstacles and get to the docks of interesting places. It is simple enough and throughout the game you get the opportunity to upgrade your raft, thus making it easier to maneuver.Exploration mode is different. Each place you stop there's some interesting stuff to do and hazards you gotta avoid. After a while it was just too easy to survive and I believe Event AI could've been better implemented.A lot of bugs affected my experience and I got some achievements I didn't deserve (such as the Animal Friendly) and I didn't get achievements I actually deserved. Also the soundtrack would stop all of a sudden, it was really weird. To be fair, I bought this game the same day it was released and I bet the developers fixed most of the bugs I just mentioned. If you're reading this you'll probably have a better experience than me.Oh, I'm not coming back for the endless mode. I felt the campaign mode was already dragging enough as it was.And there's a chord progression on the theme song that reminded me an awful lot of Bob Dylan's ""Hurricane""."
,Recommended,318600,21739991,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SJStark,"Awesome game with some fun survival mechanics. Atmosphere is beautiful and the art-style and direction are unparallelled. However, the thing that cannot be topped is the soundtrack. It immediately pulls you into the world of the game and what Scout is going through. Definitely recommend playing it through."
76561198263140980,Recommended,318600,21749830,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TinmanTactics,"Stumbled upon this game and gave it a whirl... played addictivly every chance i had until its completion. This game is a very complete game, great music, story, visuals, curiosity and challenge. That is if you do no research and figure it out as you go.. haha. I would recomend this game fully. Just plain fun, if you like these types of games, ;)"
76561197990204666,Recommended,318600,21760774,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,igHunterKiller,"You can master it and yet be in mortal danger with one complacency. The tone is just perfect. Light and dark, endearing and grotesque, inviting and intimidating. This game is very, very good."
,Recommended,318600,21870017,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CTRL+FU,"I'm only giving this a positive because there's no neutral option. It deserves a more 55/100ish rating.I really don't understand. I bought this game the first time I saw it in early access, played it around four hours or so and loved it. I think I had it lock up on me once or twice, and the audio go out once, but nothing I wouldn't expect from an EA title.Now though, my first time going back to it after full release, it's just... worse in all ways.  Load times are long, so much so I think the game has locked up, same holds true for going into/out of the options screen.The game has also gotten boring. I don't know exactly how to explain it, but there are subtle things with the design that have changed that make the game more annoying to play than it was before. It has nothing to do with the survival aspect, or being tougher or anything like that, it's just slightly different in a way that bugs me. I think it has to do with the items. I did play Story mode for the first time, so I can't say if it's the same now in Endless mode or not.I still love the graphics in this game, and the music and sound design are amazing. The controls on the river are still beyond maddening (my last playthrough I died because the current stopped carrying me and just pinballed me left and right against some land and a rock that was jutting up, even when I tried to boost away).I don't want to say this is a baaaad game, because it's not. It's just not great, and in my opinion has gotten worse since full release. It does deserve to be played if you like these types of games, but I'd suggest waiting for a hefty sale.Windows 10 64biti7 5930 OC to 4.2GhZGTX 980Ti16GB RamInstalled on a 2GB HDD"
,Recommended,318600,21831123,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Usikava,Most relaxing and adorable game I've seen in ages. Music and overall sound are as good as good can be. And artistic visuals  make you feel that strange world even better.
,Recommended,318600,22122516,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheJeweledHorn,"Pros: Really nice game. Love the simple mechanics and the learning curve. Just difficult enough to be enjoyable. World building was minimal and very enjoyable. Campaign ending very intriguing and was enough to make me want to know more!Cons: Very buggy with several crashes and chugged on my slightly older system a bit.Recommend definitely if you like a pretty, oldschool game."
,Recommended,318600,21916749,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sho,"It's pretty fun, I would say the story mode is the main attraction of the game, and endless gets kind of boring after awhile.I'd say buy it on sale, maybe for around 15$ (CAD)"
76561198017975705,Recommended,318600,21941402,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MudCrab,"First up, know what you are getting into. This is a roguelite survival game. We know that already so expect to craft craft craft, this is going well, opps, die horribly.Second, not completely sure you can trust that dog.Aesop is nominally your trusted doggy companion. His role in the game is to help carry things, bark at danger, catch your staff in his mouth and loot your cold dead body when you die. In campaign mode - which this reviewer openly confesses to not remotely come close to finishing - Aesop is first shown in the game's menu screen looting a backpack from a long dead explorer. He then drags said backpack over to your peaceful and unsuspection player, flashes her a nice shiney radio, convinces her to leave the 'relatively' safe camping area she/you have been staying at to travel on an ill equiped raft down a clearly dangerous flooded river and then, within the space of a week, loots your body to go and find a new 'owner' to hang with.Honestly, dear readers, this dog wants that radio down river and doesn't care who gets hurt on the journey.Apart from that it's all rather fun. The learning curve is a bit brutal, and being a rougelite a simple error can wipe out an entire session of careful crafting. The crafting is however very logical and 'makes sense' with what seems like very little gathering of semi random objects just for the sake of game play. While your various 'currency' bars of food, sleep, water are your simple 0% = totally screwed, 100% = fully grand, wounds and injuries come up as more effects. Get clawed by a wolf and you will have a laceration. How do you fix? Apply a bandage.At time of writing this reviewer has only a few hours down, so cannot as yet comment on the enjoyment of extended game play, but so far the game has been, while very challenging and unforgiving, compellingly enjoyable.Just seriously, don't trust the dog."
,Recommended,318600,21931726,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DrArchon,"The Flame in the Flood stands out from other survival games in two basic ways.  The first, is that fact that, as a drifter on a mighty nameless river, you can't stay put anywhere.  No setting up shop in some idilic grove and living off of the land forever.  Once you've cleared out a spot, or decided to run from the wildlife, you need to keep heading downriver.  No chance to tun back once things get rough.  All you can do is press on and hope for the best.  The second is in the presentation.  Cartoony survival games are nothing new (fans of Don't Starve will be the first in line to point that out), but the folky Southern charm of the game shines in the music and limited interactions with NPCs.  The soundtrack is very fitting, though there are a few points were the lyrics pop so loudly that I can't hear the howls of the wolves as they prepare to rip me apart.The survival does lack depth in some areas.  Don't expect to craft any buildings or a vast array of deadly weapons.  All you can do is work on your raft and make traps, as well as a bow that's clunky to use.  Most of the time you'll find yourself running from every enemy, which can make for some annoying parts late in the game when every island has a pack of elder wolves.  The Flame in the Flood has a short campaign mode with a decent story to go along with it, and after completing it I was satisfyied and felt no real need to throw a bunch of hours on endless."
76561198095457744,Recommended,318600,21926218,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,I love Jesus,"I never write reviews, but I feel like I have to since this game is so new and unnoticed. GUYS!!! IT'S GREAT!!! If you like don't starve and want a cute game with a challenege get it! I can say it's unique from any other game I tried. I just finished campaign mode and it was so satisfying. Filled the don't starve hole in my heart.Also the music, art, and atmosphere are just wow."
76561198026550801,Recommended,318600,25098829,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kailee,"The background music is very chill. This game has a nice pase on Traveler mode and is very challenging on Survival mode. While surviving a flood on a raft, visiting different islands, you have to plan ahead and be wary of the dangers on the next island. There are some things that aren't even close to realistic (for instance all animals give the same amount and type of meat), but that makes that the game has just the right amount of complexity around crafting things. Just like the 4 stats (hunger, thirst, tiredness and health) you have to watch."
76561198209203976,Recommended,318600,24898842,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,brentnkeir,"great game, needs easier builds for the raft at the beginning.... wish we could customize character with different looks and get different type of dogs... maybe even eventually have two dogs with you.  wish you could see the clothing that you make on your character as well... other than that, its a great game."
76561198156251210,Recommended,318600,25456593,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Qi,GREAT game! GREAT art style! Wish it has a longer story mode.
,Recommended,318600,30868246,Posted: 31 March,all,DuckHighness,"Was really frustrated at first on the checkpoint system since I kept dying and going back to the same checkpoint over and over at my first hour into the game.A week or so after putting it down, decided to give it another shot with a new game and learned how to get around safely, and in the end managed to clear campaign in a straight playthrough with no deaths.This is a good game worth my time and money. Though it does take the player to be extra careful at times, as well as a great strategy planned ahead for lots of unfortunate conditions.(Oh and the music? Pure gold.)"
76561198004536298,Recommended,318600,21466722,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Reliquary,"Steam has had an ridiculous amount of survival games pop-up over the past few years but none of them really had struck a large cord with me until now. The Flame in the Flood takes many of the concepts of the typical survival game and improves it making it a fun and enjoyable experience in a rogue-like fasion. Sure food and water are priority as always but this time environment plays a much much more important role. The game is also pretty brutal. Make a mistake or ignore some items and it may bite you in the butt much later on.Story wise the game focuses on Scout, a young girl who is in the middle of post-societal America. Along with her is a dog by the name of Aesop who has the ( uncanny ability to find other young girls after they die).  There main storyline in the campaign has Scout and Aesop looking for a radio signal. There's not much in the way of storyline after this but it doesnt' make the feel of the game anyworse. There are some oddball characters here and there that Scout can talk to but otherwise Scout is by herself with the dog. Everyplay through you do has different feel as the enviroment changes and priorty changes. At its core the games story is about you (Scout) and your ability to deal with the true main charater of the main; the River.Gameplay focuses on the typical survive, get food, and get help. However the big shift is on the river and the weather playing a much larger part. Going down the river itself is a challenge. With the change in currents and random changes in weather pattern the game becomes much more intense. One moment everything is nice as the current is going a snails pace but then the next second thunder roles in and you can barely see. Disease and sickness plays a role making medical supplies a godsend. One of the most important things as well is that items that are put onto Aesop carrys over into the next playthrough. Meaning if you die in a run, the next one you start up will have items from the prevous carried over. This game is pretty difficult and death is not uncommon so it gives your next poor Scout much more of a fighting chance.The soundtrack in this game is amazing to say the least. Really puts you into a feel good state when you're heading down a river with nothing but the clothes on your back, a dog by your side, and a chunk of hope. And when things do start to go bad the game has no problem putting you into the state of panic.The controls in the game are a bit of a problem if you're using a mouse and a keyboard. It can feel off putting, but it is still manageable. A controller is much better and feels much more responsive. The river section of the game has much better flow with a controller rather than mouse and keyboard.The Flame in the Flood is a great indie game that really came out of nowhere. It's an enjoyable experience through and through and as quite a bit of replayability. Although it may be frustrating at times, its quite a fun one. Highly recommend for anyone looking for  a great survival indie game.Pros:Great GameplayFantastic ArtGood SoundtrackHigh Replay ValueCons:Lacking in story departmentClunky mouse and keyboard controlsInventory Management gets tedious at times"
76561198297777674,Recommended,318600,27033266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Proteus,Loved the art and music in this game.  Once you get the hang of the UI it is easy to lose track of time while getting caught up in the game.
76561198302953671,Recommended,318600,26393838,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eddiecest,"The game is beautiful. Unlike other survival games, this one does help you during the start on how to play the game but only enough to then let you througoughly explore and learn the game on your own. It is pretty random though on the displacement of items you can find, or the enemies you might cross, for instance finding a wolf at your first stop, that is just brutal. But the game is great and the soundtrack is amazing. I highly recommend the game!"
,Recommended,318600,26719256,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,/VendingMac~,"Flame in the Flood offers a very adventurous journey experiences. The environment; supplies, enemies, characters, dialogue, level design are so immersive. The thrill is real in Flame in the Flood; for instance maintaining four basic survival stat, not to mention the unique hostile animal and water obstacles. The crafting system is superb. I really enjoy hunting specific parts just to get a better gear. Level progression dynamics are great, I really really enjoy playing. I recomended Flame in the Flood for those seeking for adventure-survival with great crafting mechanism. What an Amazing game!"
,Recommended,318600,26610451,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,myrontaslov,"Fun and short. The story mode had a good ending. This is the only survival game I've played, so it's hard for me to tell how it measures up. In the 9 hours of the story campaign, it did start to feel a bit repetitive. It does have an endless mode, but I don't think it will satisfy the ""true"" survival fan. I've crafted most items, and some of the later raft upgrades feel a bit unnecessary.Play it for the story but don't expect endless hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,318600,26437905,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gacrux,Steering mechanics I loved/hated but still an amazing game!
,Recommended,318600,26418959,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Spidey,"Checked the tags, checked few of the screenshots, checked the price; it's on sale, GREAT! Here, take my money and give me a decent game I said and it did not disappoint.Great soundtrack ✓Lovely graphics and art design ✓Well balanced and gratifying gameplay ✓If you like the genre, Flame in the Flood is a game which you shouldn't think twice to get.There is one thing though. I used to play Don't Starve and I made a mistake of not figuring everything out by myself, but checking wiki to see what is what asap. Even like that, it took a lot of time for me to get acquainted with every aspect of gameplay. So I decided not to do so with this game and it took less than an hour to figure almost everything out.With that said, since I liked this game a lot and this is one of those few games where I didn't hesitate to get and won't be hesitating to get any future content about it, I'd like to see the devs keep working on the game to make it more comprehensive via DLC or something."
,Recommended,318600,26996526,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[RUDE] DagBar,One kick♥♥♥♥♥game to play
,Recommended,318600,26807938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ivy-Mike (imp),Nice Artstyle and awesome music. Honestly i am not that Survival Fan since i am not very good at this games but this one i like and recommend!
,Recommended,318600,26815935,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CozyBanx,A great and beautiful game. It takes the tiresome trends of survial games and crafting systems and makes something streamlined and relevent to the player. It has a lot of soul and leaves you feeling upbeat when you are done. If you want an in-depth critque I do so here (though be aware that there is spoiler content near the end).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeVlAxTTtjA
76561197960544100,Recommended,318600,26805736,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jay,Fun little game.
,Recommended,318600,30817522,Posted: 29 March,all,BlindMan,"The game is fun but I do find many glitches ranging from quick key while running making the character run out of control (having no directional movement), to falling off the dock that your character disappears and can not even climb onto the raft. I find the challenge of the game fun but the lacking of ""save points"" and not check points make it a very repetious game because of a total (unless endless game) 10 areas each get longer and longer to obtain making it so that you better hope your character was in a good condition when it saved last to continue. I do hope that the developers are working out all the bugs. I have not played the game long enough to comment on the full game experince only that it is challenging."
76561197993617574,Recommended,318600,21489489,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Desert Buckman Circa 94,Pretty cool game. I can't seem to stay alive for 5 miles. Still getting used to building things. The rafting is fun and the sound track makes it feel really hippy like. I busted out a bowl of bits n bites...  I under estimated how realistic and challenging this game is.
76561197989414298,Recommended,318600,21513177,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,=ML= CSystems,"I am readlly enjoying the game, however, the campaign seems to be really buggy around ""The Yard,"" several times on getting there I simply died rather than had my raft craft, and afterwards, have spawned into a giant lake, where upon hitting the far side I simply died again. The game crashes occasionally, and music either stops playing, or certain sound effects get put on repeat.These bugs aside, the game play is fantastic for someone who wants to enjoy the aesthetic without being too bogged down by the brutality that some survival games force players to go through, while still giving players a large number of encounters that challenge them, no matter how well prepared they may feel."
76561198031101338,Recommended,318600,21499531,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cnygamer,"I haven't played this for long and I like the premise so far, your exploring and collecting and I've enjoyed the overall mechanic.I wouldn't recommend it until they have a way to turn off this annoying bell sound that occurs like every 5 seconds without turning off all the sound.  The sound is very annoying and gave me a headache after about 40 minutes and I couldn't keep playing.  If they update it to remove that sound I'd love to play more and explore more.*Update* I am setting this as recommended as the ""bell"" as been noted as a bug and probably not something everyone would experience.  I will update my review once that's fixed and I can play with the game more."
76561198006890293,Recommended,318600,21656037,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Wallachian Boyar,The more prosaic version of This War of Mine.
,Recommended,318600,21538575,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Azure Schakal,"I wasn't sure how I would feel about this game, but after playing it, being stuck to it from start to finish of the campaign; I thoroughly, thoroughly enjoyed this. The ups and downs between overabundance and running on empty had me tense as to what was I was going to find, and luckily simple enough not to need a 50 page manual to play the damn thing.I also liked the little thank you at the end. The Molasses Flood, thank YOU for this great little experience :)"
76561198127043838,Recommended,318600,30288545,Posted: 2 March,all,StayBambacha,"This game is beautiful. The graphic style is cartoonishly haunting (especially when Scout's needs are getting low) and the soundtrack is a perfect fit. It echoes the loneliness of the world while also conveying the determination and resilience needed to survive in it.You aren't a hero, you're barely a protagonist. Your dog is more of a permanent fixture in this world than you are. You will die a lot, and each time Alsop will take your pack and find a new survivor to follow.This is more than inventory management. This is abut survival, and the plethora of ways for you to die will constantly keep you on your toes."
76561198291714453,Recommended,318600,31331198,Posted: 23 April,all,Geralt of Rivia,I played over 2 hours so I HAVE to like it.
,Recommended,318600,31349377,Posted: 24 April,all,moobzy,"The Flame in the FloodNot often do I write reviews however, I think credit is due here. An amazing game and I'm only about 5hours into it!OverviewThe basic premise of this game is that there's been a great, society collapsing flood that has destroyed the (country). You control the protagonist, Scout as she tries to find a way out of the flood with the help of her dog. You pilot a small raft down a river, stopping at various islands to trap animals, gather plants, collect drinkable water and scavenge scrap that you use to build things, all while avoiding the perils of sickness, starvation, disease, hypothermia, the raft's destruction, poisonous plants and hostile animals. Ocassionally you'll run into a person that needs help or a helpful stranger - the riverfolk.ProsI honestly enjoyed this game, it felt like a mix of Dont Starve and the Oregon trail. The soundtrack is amazing and fits the tone of the game and the artstyle is one to be envied. The game features an RNG factor. Sometimes you'll get really lucky and you'll start a game overladen with riches and other times you'll be starving for something you need for a very very long time. Though this can get frustrating, it adds to the replay value. The ""biomes"" and ""islands"" are never in the same order making the game a hell of a lot fun.ConsMy main point, inventory management. If you're going to play this expect to do a lot of inventory management. A lot. This is one of the games where everything, and I mean EVERYTHING is done in your inventory. From crafting, to reading up on wounds. Quests, consuming items, equpping armour and weapons. My biggest problem with the game however, is not the time you spend in the inventory but the fact that the game doesnt pause whilst in the inventory, forcing you to hurry and forget to do things because you got jumped apon by a wolf. Speaking of wolves, theres alot of them and theyre hard to get away from. I mean really hard. There is also a constant demand for materials - materials that can be scarce but again, this is all just based on the RNG factor. As I said, youll either love or hate the RNG.All in all, despite my complaints, there's still a good game under there and I think it's really going to people who like survival games, including myself. The art style's amazing, there's some thought put into the crafting and after playing this I really can't count the number of games I wished would just let me put an herb in water to make tea. The soundtrack has got to be one of the best parts about the game and the easy to learn, hard to master feel makes the game fun and enjoyable. All in all, definantly one of the better games I've played for 7$."
76561198080333700,Recommended,318600,31351857,Posted: 24 April,all,supr iwnl,"This game is dope. It gives me a Don't Starve vibe, but better. The soundtrack is awesome, if you like xxxtentacion, then you will love this playlist. Also the game still has some bugs, I refilled one of my jars with fresh water and it completely disappeared, ended up dying from dehydration. All in all, this game is beautiful and I can't wait to see these developers create new stuff."
76561198011609921,Recommended,318600,31351865,Posted: 24 April,all,Nancy,"The soundtrack is awesome! Gameplay can be unforgiving but once you  have made an upgrade or two to your raft, it is easy sailing. When I first bought and played the game, I experienced alot of frustration, but with the new changes, it has been much more fun to play."
,Recommended,318600,31371628,Posted: 26 April,all,Ksen,"Отличное путешествие, я остался доволен покпкой."
,Recommended,318600,31370003,Posted: 25 April,all,Cookie,"8/10, recomended at full priceThe Flame in the Flood is a survival game set in a post apocalyptic world. Not much is told to us, other than what we can infer. A flood destroyed the world, and we're just trying to get by. It uses some RPG elements as well as some rougelike elements. You can upgrade your raft, your clothing and your backpack. You also have a companion, a dog named Aesop, that has its own inventory that will persist between runs.ProsBeautiful art styleWonderful atmosphere and musicGameplay is interestingInteresting story with great storytellingConsVery buggy. It works most of the time but you'll notice when it doesn'tGets very repetitve very quicklyVery reliant on RNG and Procedural nature. Can create unwinnable scenariosGameplayThe gameplay mechanics are somewhat unique. It plays similiarly to Faster than Light where you have several encounters seperated by travel. In the case of The Flame in the Flood, you travel downriver on a raft, evading floating cars and shacks, collecting the occasional loot, and heading ashore to restock on supplies, collect materials to upgrade your raft, and hunt (or be hunted by) wildlife.The rafting portion of the game is fun. There's a real sense of progression going from a raft which is near impossible to control to getting a rudder and a motor and cruising down the river. Due to the procedural nature of the game, it can be difficult to collect the materials required for the upgrades. However as you progress, new zones will have more of the upgrade materials, making it easy to stockpile them.The other portion of the game takes place on land, in which you craft traps, weapons, loot abandoned buildings and cars for parts. The game introduces you to wildlife with rabbits. They are easily caught with snares and you can use their pelts to craft your first real gear upgrade. From then on, you can craft the Spear trap which is the most efficient trap in the game. A bow and arrow can be craft, but there's really no point to as arrows are MUCH too expensive and much too weak compared to the Spear trap. Wolves begin to show up in mass quantities late game. If you have an abundance of meat (which you will) you can combine them with certain plants to create poison meat, which will only work on wolves but kills them instantly. Bears also exist and can take up to four spear traps to take down, however the provide Bear Hide which can be used to create some of the best gear in the game.Graphics and PerformanceThe game is very stylized, reminding me almost of Borderlands. It works very well for it, however the only complaint I have is that the game is a little misleading. It seems like it would be a relatively easy game to run, however, on max settings my GTX 970 and FX-6350 were pushing it just barely over 60fps @ 1080p. My laptop, i7-7700HQ and GTX 1050, couldn't maintain 60fps @ 1080p on the lowest settings. The animations do get stuck occasionally, or models will disappear sometimes but ultimatelyOther ThoughtsWonderful OST. Really gives that sort of travelling feel. The sound design is very good as well. The storytelling is fantastic, each character has charm and that's really how I would describe the whole game. It's charming. They tell you so little about the story that you have to fill in the holes yourself. It really makes it feel like you're exploring a world instead of reading out of a history book.The saving system is frustrating. It seemed a little unclear where and when it saved and what triggered a save. Not being able to save your game when you're going to leave is a little frustrating as well. This is more a gripe than a legitimate point against the game however.Concluding ThoughtsThis game is wonderful. It's 100% worth the price (14.99 at time of writing). If you enjoyed FTL or similiar games, you'll enjoy this. It has a few quirks. I ran into some issues with animations and control issues (for example, all movement input just stopped and I had to reload from a check point). They seemed to compound as I got further into my run so it may be related to save sized and or memory limits? Not entirely sure, just speculating.If you enjoyed FTL, you'll probably like this."
76561198019072812,Recommended,318600,31370970,Posted: 25 April,all,SGrose,"Quite a fun survival game, one of the better ones out there. It has a really unique art style where everything is a sort of blocky, almost picasso-looking shape.  This game also has a fantastic (and fitting) soundtrack, being a sort of Anericana/folk thing by a guy named Chuck Ragan.I love how there's an actual campaign in the game with a real story to go along with the infinite mode, it makes the game feel more complete, rather than just plopping you onto a randomly generated river and saying ""off you go!""  The story itself is quite good, as it really feels like a long journey, so each major milestone feels important and rewarding, and when you finally reach the end you get an incredible feeling of ease and can finally relax, as the difficulty ramps up quite a bit.The crafting makes good sense, all items require what you'd assume they would require, and you'll not be running around with all the best stuff within 30 minutes of starting like in other games like this.I love how you can upgrade your raft to add shelter and a stove and stuff like that, which lowers your need to venture into hostile areas as much to simply find a house.  This is balanced well by making the parts to craft these upgrades exceedingly rare.  For instance in my campaign run I finished the story without ever being able to fully upgrade, simply because I didn't find enough upgrade partsIn general the various health things are balanced and make sense, stuff like hunger and thirst goes down just enough that you have to keep moving to find food and water, but not too fast that you're constantly downing food and water every few minutes.  Something I really love is how sleeping doesn't destroy your thirst/hunger meters like in other games, it is much more reasonable.I did find however that in the infinite mode the bars deplete much more rapidly, almost reaching the annoying level.One gripe I do have is with the camera. You have no control over it and that can really be a problem. I've had instances where I've been physically unable to see something important because it was blocked from view by the position of the camera. This can include vital items or dangerous creatures, which can be game ending depending on where you are.Another gripe I have (pretty small one) is that every little action requires time to do, and that can get really tedious.  Getting on and off the raft takes about 5 seconds each, and you'll probably do that hundreds of times in a game. Crafting every little thing takes several seconds, and again, this will be done countless times. I don't mind some things taking time to do (like cooking or searching containers), but when every little thing requires you to watch a bar fill up it can get annoying. However it gives you a good moment to take a gulp of a drink or grab a bite of a snackOverall though, well worth the money I spent (I got it for 50% off), great atmosphere will definitely stick with me for a while"
,Recommended,318600,31388299,Posted: 26 April,all,Sir Joe,"I don't get why some people are badmouthing this game by saying it'l luck-based, or the boat controls are too hard, or that it's too punishing... it's a SURVIVAL game! What did you want?The controls are very easy to learn and use, the music is calm and awesomely chosen, they give you that adventure feel. The only thing I didn't like very much was the fact you can heal broken bones instantly; apart from that, the game felt amazing to me. You can clearly spot some Don't Starve and This War of Mine elements in it, and the thrill of losing EVERYTHING if you die greatly increases the immersion!"
,Recommended,318600,31443658,Posted: 29 April,all,Klarum,Brilliant little survival game.Didn't see the point of playing the endless mode after doing the story campaign. The story campaign is quite worth it.
,Recommended,318600,27986971,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MadBadSadKoi,"I'm still loving this game, and I'm about 60 miles in on survival mode.And just a point for those people complaining about unfair, unavoidable things... This is a survival game. Like Don't Starve or The Forest. If you aren't prepared, because you're only half an hour out the gate, then that's just how it is. It isn't impossible to do even when it's entirely against you. Get a rudder, first of all, and then get on with it.Anyways.At this point I sometimes wish for extra tidbits to do with the story, more people. Unless I'm just missing all the people at the stops since I only stop here and there now.It's lonely this far out down the river, but I've made it this far and I finally learnt how to shoot the bow properly. Screw the bears. Screw the wolves. Screw the snakes, and I've been bitten enough god damn times now!At least the dog has a mute option these days <3 what a blessing. Thank you devs, thank you. You get the 10/10 you deserve.------Old review below!!------Love the art, love the concept, you just keep going and going wondering what's at the next stop. You think you have enough food until you realise you can't make a fire for about 10 stops, slowly running out and consisting on mulberries as much as you can.Started getting back at the wolves and boars, still yet to make wolf clothing but I'm getting there.I've seen a couple of bears now which means I'm a bit of a way in.. Haven't tussled with one yet, hoping that I won't have to (I will, it's always that way)Only thing that bothers me about this game is that damn dog. So glad I have him/her (I prefer the dalmation)BUT GOD JESUS DAMNIT WON'T IT EVER SHUT UP? YES. I KNOW THERE ARE SH*TTING RAGS ON THE GROUND. I PUT THEM THERE.YES I CAN SEE THE FREAKING FLOWERS.I DON'T WANT ANY GOD DAMN DANDILIONS! STOP BARKING AT THEM!!!!A couple of barks would be fine. But sometimes, if there's a lot of stuff around, the dog never stops barking. I get irritated very quickly at irritating sounds. I know I won't be the only one.Otherwise 9/10 for now (till the dog learns how to be polite)"
,Recommended,318600,31405491,Posted: 27 April,all,socrates,"Excellent game all-around. Great music, art and gameplay."
,Recommended,318600,31403024,Posted: 27 April,all,TheNob,"I really enjoyed this game. My first playthrough was the campaign which took around 14 hours to complete and I will now start my first endless run. I had this game on my radar since it was on its way to go for Early Access on Steam. I lost somewhat the interest during its phase when the game was finished. On top of this there were some serious complains by other reviewers back then. So the game went on my watching list.Now in April 2017 it has gone on sale again after the developer gave the game some love with a bunch of bug fixes and improvements especially in terms of inventory management.I really cannot say anything negative about this game. The art style of the game, audio, soundtrack is all nicely made and fits together very well. Except a few minor bugs that I encountered (a bear glitched somehow after I killed him, he was still shown alive) the game is polished.Like other reviewers mentioned; yes the inventory management could be a little bit more efficient still but it is nowhere so cumbersome like others wrote in their reviews.If you are into survival games you should give this one a try. At least it is a really good game for in between."
76561198121258560,Not Recommended,318600,31524672,Posted: 3 May,all,LostOcean,"I would give a neutral rating for this if I could, I thought certain aspects of this game were amazing, the visuals and animations, music, the entire rafting portion of the game was pretty fun. The pacing is not at all like a typical survival game like Don't Starve, in fact I got more of an Oregon Trail vibe from it, until the end of the campaign at least, when it got way too easy and I had too much food and water and everything. I imagine playing it in hard mode would fix that so I'll likely give that a try next. I really liked the mob AI too, boars will shoot around strategically to cut you off at the exit of the path you're running down instead of just chasing you from behind, wolves mainly only attack when you're running away from them, etc.So, the main disappointment though is that there's just so little to the game. Boars and wolves are literally half of the mobs you'll encounter, the other half being snakes and bears (unless you count the ants, but they're essentially just a ground aoe like poison ivy). The trailer that shows strategies for dealing with different mobs basicallly explains everything from beginning to end in regards to combat in this game. If I had found any mobs at all that I wasn't expecting going in, or combat mechanics I wasn't expecting, I would honestly probably be giving a positive review right now, but the lack of variety/surprise/mystery was just too disappointing. I would also definitely have given it a positive review if it looked like there would maybe be new content added to it someday, but there apparently won't be, according to one of the devs, because they've switched their efforts to their next game and don't think it'd be worth it to put more time into this one, which is understandable really and I do wish them a lot of luck with the next one, but flame in the flood is a bit light on content for $14.99. Just a little bit more...a couple more mobs and combat mechanics, it would have really gone a long way imo.By the end of the campaign, everything altogether felt quite repetitive and it really didn't feel like there was anything left to experience except for the story bits, which were cool but a bit lacking as well and definitely not enough to really carry the rest of the game or make up for the simplicity of the rest of it. Mind you I beat the game in easy mode in about 4 hours I guess, so it's not really like the repetitivity was because it was dragging on too long, it's really just that there wasn't enough variety. There's 2 ways to kill the mobs, spear traps and poisoned meat (there's a bow too, but I'll mention why I think that's unusable later), and I was very very bored with those things and the combat in general towards the end.And also, the UI is very bad, the devs will really need to work on that on their next game, because using items in dangerous encounters is basically impossible and there's no way to do it efficiently if a mob is aggroed on you, because you're rooted when you bring up items and having to manually click them on the screen (no hotkeys for them), and then you have to aim and ""cast"" them more or less. Even using the bow is like that. I used it twice - one was on a sleeping bear to wake it up and one ended with me being eaten by a wolf."
,Recommended,318600,31615197,Posted: 7 May,all,Awkwurd,"Great music, great art; solid survival game. Some glitches that might make you want to rage quit. Felt extremely hard at the beginning and was frustrated with how easy it was to die and how long it could take to save (checkpoint-based). However, for the last 3 regions (out of 10), it was a total snore. Once you understand the strategy and you've killed all of the predator types, it gets quite boring. Would still give this game a solid thumbs up--7/10."
76561198048855146,Recommended,318600,31489930,Posted: 1 May,all,Aladek,"Easily one of the best survival games I have played in a long time.  I love the story and how that layers on top of the rafting and location challenges.  I wish I had more bag space, but that is one of the challenges of the game."
76561198355205946,Recommended,318600,31509187,Posted: 2 May,all,agiabroad,Very enjoyable game! Looks nice and music is amazing.
76561198006986577,Recommended,318600,31516237,Posted: 2 May,all,DragonElderX9,"A stylized and difficult survival roguelike.  The aesthetic is unique to the genre, ride a raft downstream while stopping at islands along the way, finding(or more often not) what you need on them.  I really enjoyed it for a while, but there's just something that didn't click for me.  It just gets a little monotonous, looking for the same few items just to survive to find the same few items.  I get that's the concept of survival games but there isn't enough variety here for me.  However, it's still a really well done game and most people would probably enjoy it more than me.  I look forward to seeing what the developers do next!"
76561198026456885,Recommended,318600,31551199,Posted: 4 May,all,sdmaturin,"This is an excellent game. What can I say about it?It's very calming, even when being stalked by a wolf or running the rapids. It's got a good rhythm to it, like The Long Dark. There is always something to do, some crisis you're trying to solve, but it feels like you can manage it.I have just played the campaign, which is a good, moderate length and replayable. I am anxious to try the Endless Mode, because there are some feats I never got around to doing."
,Recommended,318600,31736361,Posted: 13 May,all,Dark,"Great art style. The survival Mechanics are enjoyable, and the world really does feel desolate and makes you think twice about scavenging a new area."
76561197966573723,Recommended,318600,30159987,Posted: 24 February,all,sausages,The game mechanic is amazing because it is not too complicated yet all the things you can do to survive is just enough when you reach the final goal.It was frustrated at the very beginning but it gets easier when things picked up; then the game becomes hard again when wolves appeared.
,Recommended,318600,30270516,Posted: 1 March,all,Souza,"While usually I don't enjoy the survival/crafting sort of games, this one has a sort of rustic charm that's hard to shake. While not particularly deep in substance, and while many of the procedurally generated locations can start to have a sameness about them, no two journeys are the same, and it can be quite the challenge to ensure your survival for the duration of the journey.  Inventory management can be a bit of a pain, both the interface and having to balance your immediate needs with the balance of possibilities of what you might face, but that's all part of the challenge.The soundtrack is perfectly fitting to the environment, and at times I wish I could either keep playing the tracks while I switch between environments.  Even though the ending wasn't as deep as it could have been, nevertheless I found it satisfying.Some might find replayability unlikely, once you reach the end, but I view it sort of like F.T.L....The journeys are random, and the completionists might just want to try and unlock everything."
76561198051799201,Recommended,318600,30290728,Posted: 2 March,all,vixen451,"Great game, just wish there was more content. The devs can easily expand it though, so hopefully they will."
,Recommended,318600,30366943,Posted: 6 March,all,jedorstar,"This game is an excellent  iteration from crafting games, it has very simple but intersting carfting system, easy to hand with. Also this game has very potential energy to becoming a cash cow, at least, more and more people will play it.But, this game has a few critical flaws that to prevent itslef becoming legendary:1. aweful control when you get in the revier. The game creator doesn't allow you to control the ship as you wish, the ux at this point is rediculous low!2. highly learing curve. The creator doesn't want you produce anything as you wish at the very beginning game, I don't know if the game is short so they reduce the drop loot setting to let you play the game repeatly, but be honest, it's very hard to get fun in this game at very rare drop level.This two flaws are prevent this game showing an attractive outlook to light-users or let's say core players that doesn't like roguelike game the most.If the creator can adapt this 2 flaws into a whole new level just as good as mobile game's learning curve and difficult curve, I think, this game will gain a lot of pontential to becoming a every one's game.Also add some warming narrative will help it becoming legendary. Currently, it has so cold boold on it.But but but, just like most indie game developers, they just want players suffer pains and destory expierence, to fill their poor taste (indie style).Sad if the devs stand on that point.7/10, -3 are frome the bad ux like what i hav said above."
,Recommended,318600,30362199,Posted: 6 March,all,Capt. D Jones,"Basically refines the gameplay loop of Don't Starve with an excellent art style and Americana soundtrack. This game is fun, has an excellent polish, and doesn't have some of the pitfalls other survival games do (like convoluted crafting trees, or repetitive terrain)."
,Recommended,318600,30312384,Posted: 4 March,all,Moza,I'm having lots of fun with this game. Great crafting and survival elements!
76561197972183032,Recommended,318600,30309144,Posted: 3 March,all,omahaniley,loved it. Recommended.
76561198150424384,Recommended,318600,31735426,Posted: 13 May,all,Wisewo1f,"Hi! Sorry to bother with that, but I just bought Flame in the Flood -- and I think it's great! Great game already, for me! But... There's a little thing : when I select the ''quick use'' thingy while running, the caracter is running while searching inside the bag (which is somewhat nice, realistic, due to the context), but when I leave the ''quick use'' menu, character keeps running God know's to what, and I can't control the character (moving direction). Have to like, hit some menu before I can control her freely.So, hum, yeah! That's that. Although, I really think this is a game suited for me (who likes not only folk music but survival and wilderness thingies as well!), and I think that the developper's team and him/herself have made an amazing project! Thank you for taking the time to read my evaluation! Best regards, I wish everyone to have a wonderful evening! :)"
76561198028201640,Recommended,318600,34168681,Posted: 11 August,all,Garrett,A little bit monotonous but still interesting game with cozy relaxing atmosphere and pleasing soundtrack.
,Recommended,318600,34758052,Posted: 5 September,all,SoundEffekts,"Fun, difficult game with a good survival/crafting system and tough encounters"
76561198050806401,Not Recommended,318600,30574230,Posted: 17 March,all,Plomo,"This is sad.After all these years the only reason i die in this game si for bugs,  cluncky raft driving mechanics or snakes hidden on blind spots due to an ill-thought-out camera view.  Yeah, it's a nice game, good atmosphere, music, grafics and all.. but it STILL needs to be polished.I'm not going to play it anymore i guess.EDITED:I changed this review from negative to positive. It's still all true, after all this time this game still has a lot of annoying bugs. But i managed to complete it in survival mode (permadeath) somehow. And i guess it's worth the money it costs if you like this genre of games.UPDATE:Changed again from positive to negative. The river stream system it's probably worst than ever. I died in a cul de sac, there was nothing i could do about it. Just watching my raft keep crashing to the cliff. Also, the animals AI is bad as usual. Disinstalled for good this time."
76561198036299767,Recommended,318600,34715707,Posted: 3 September,all,HaruFrost,"The game is a beauty to the ears, yet I'd disliked the boat control."
,Recommended,318600,34837852,Posted: 9 September,all,MrMorton,I cant see you playing this game for hours apon hours. But the time you do spend with this game will be rather enjoyable.
,Recommended,318600,34905669,Posted: 12 September,all,ThatZweety,"It was a lovely game! My boyfriend suggested it for me and I fell inlove with it, and the ending? The best! Could replay it for the ending alone plenty of times!"
76561198088292050,Recommended,318600,34913321,Posted: 12 September,all,DJ Chuckie D,"Fun adventure for a single player - was easy to learn and tough enough to play.  I like the endless river, I only wish I made it further..."
76561198330676805,Recommended,318600,34938986,Posted: 13 September,all,michelxrf,Amazing game! Love every moment of it. And the soundtrack fits so perfectly!
,Recommended,318600,34990523,Posted: 16 September,all,Lurk,"Very enjoyable game, very artistic. dog looks like my dog, a+"
76561198052904865,Recommended,318600,35038295,Posted: 17 September,all,QueQueQue,"When it comes to survival games, im a big fan. Looting stuff, trying to survive, craft traps for animals and moreover great music. Recommended"
76561197985114798,Recommended,318600,35183844,Posted: 24 September,all,Wolf,"Great art, love the ambiguous story.  Gameplay is solid - some minor complaints around lack of ability to rotate screen for full 360 environment, but vastly offset by the pleasure of the river journey.  Also, top 5 ever game soundtrack."
76561197976904320,Recommended,318600,35173771,Posted: 24 September,all,riebmann,"Nice graphic design, nice music, nice crafting system. I had many relaxing evenings with this game. Unfortunately the game becomes extremely repetetive, especially in endless mode. Additionally there are still some minor bugs: Sometines you can't use the raft or search a box and have to leave an re-enter an area to make it work. sometimes you, your dog or the raft gets stuck, sometimes the raft just behaves ""strangely"". I recommend the game, because it was overall a pleasant experience."
76561198263731773,Recommended,318600,35307694,Posted: 29 September,all,fraill10,Playing on the easier setting is probably the way to go. Your bag is bigger by default and you get to restart at checkpoints which is not just nice but essential to keep from rage quiting.  I found it fun and interesting following the story and seeing the new areas. The people you meet are unique and give the world some depth. The music is great and makes you feel like you are on the river.After finishing the game on easy I tried the harder mode and while fun it was frustrating as well and did not keep me playing and wanting more.
76561197971207471,Recommended,318600,35499274,Posted: 5 October,all,Korbin Dallas,"Love it, everything I was expecting. I wish the inventory management could be highly simplified"
