user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198005510391,Recommended,318650,13401780,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,WarMaster GoreHowl,"Do you miss the RTS games of old? Ones that actually had a plot driven and LARGE single player campaign for EACH faction? Ones with maybe not top of the line graphics but definately appealing charm in the art style that was pleasing to look at? Ones with awesome sound effects that actually made sense? Ones with UNIQUE factions let alone unique game design? If you liked old school RTS games I'd pick this up... I honestly can't even say WHY I have so much old time video game fun feeling when I play this... but I do... at least 15 bucks worth thats for sure. I own every wargame especially RTS ever made, I'm not even kidding.For 15 bucks after the first mission I knew this was worth it.If youre looking for a company of heroes type matchmaking system and crap like that this isn't your RTS game, this is oldschool."
,Recommended,318650,16913417,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Weapons.Rocks,"GREAT NEW RTS GAME, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for all the OLD and NEW RTS FANSPunches EA in the gut and asks, ""Why did you ruin your CNC franchise and not make a GOLD like SunAge?""SunAge Review:PROS:++ Great 2D Graphics++ Interesting three distinct factions/sides++ Fun RTS elements like squads, upkeeps, multiple resource types++ Nice looking maps++ Nice intuitive UI with complex learning curve++ HIgh Resolution capable++ Cool Research system++ Cool Map Zoom system++ Worth buying on Sale or Regular priceCONS:++ No LAN Multiplayer? This should be added since the server itself may go down at times++ No Save and Pause in Skirmish++ No restart button in Skirmish++ Very small number of maps to play in Skirmish and Multiplayer++ No 8 Player in Skirmish and Multiplayer (Come on, it's 2015!)++ No ability to turn down the build-up sounds made by the BMRs (It's annoyingly loud!)++ Water/Sea texture is very bland (please improve this)++ Make a GUI to adjust Graphic settings++ BUildup and Destruction animations of buildings can be improvedSUGGESTIONS:++ Deploy some type of modding tools++ Create mapping tools++ Medic or Mechanic for Units or Repair or Hospital Buildings++ Dead corpse animations may have some variationsI hope the devs are listening to their customers/subscribers."
,Recommended,318650,13446222,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Itsgotime,This is a in progress review.  I will add/change more as I go.TDLR version: This is a solid 2D rts game with Tiberium sun/starcraft vibe to it. Singleplayer is solid so far from what I have played. This is not a replacement to C&C or starcraft. Its fun and entertaining never the less.Recommended towards people who want to get into the genre and hardcore fans of the RTS genre for right now.Wall of text version: This game as stated in TDLR version is a solid 2D rts game. The singleplayer is solid and sort of interesting. The gameplay is fun but the control scheme is a bit weird and something to get used to. As for Multiplayer not much of a scene at all as of right now. The selection of units is pretty good. Gameplay wise its a interesting take but nothing really innovating. There is nothing mind blowing from the game. Here are the upsides:+Solid gameplay+Art work and graphics+Story looks promising+Sound effects are so far good+Content for the priceNow on to complients and feedback. I hope if the developers read this:Negative:-Ai pathing (I ran into a mission when trying to avoid posion clouds the AI had some major problems to taking commands to going around and getting around the map in general)Feedback:It would be awesome if you guys could add modding tools. It would extend life of the game and I can see a amazing star wars mod to this game. It would sell like hot cakes.As for now its all I can think of. I will add as I can go along. When I have beaten the game I will finalize the review. This is my first time I have done a review like this and I hope some of you find it helpful.
,Recommended,318650,13396833,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Noodlesocks,"Played a bit of the campaign and skirmish so far. Pretty good game, better than I expected it to be after what I heard of the original release. I like the aesthetics and lighting and I like that the weapons sound like weapons :)Controls take a little getting used to. Squading up and selecting different unit types in particular has led to a few mis-clicks but it'll grow on me :PGameplay feels solid. Mostly everything feels and responds as I expect it to and the fighting is fun to watch and play out.There are a couple things I'm not too keen on. Lack of AA capable infantry is a bit odd but I was caught off guard in my skirmish game so I'm not sure if it will prove to be a balance issue. Also, I don't like how the music goes quiet when there's an audio cue (units being attacked, Need more storage etc.)All in all, a pretty good game :)"
76561197974715662,Recommended,318650,13439114,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MooseAbuse,"This initially looks like a low-budget StarCraft ripoff, but after taking a chance on it and playing it for a few hours, it's clear it's much more than that.It has solid graphics and sound, with easy to identify and well charactered units.  Base building is a charm with the power-node system, and the resource distribution (four types!) forces exploration and additional base-building.  The game borrows some of the best ideas from StarCraft, Generals, Tiberium Sun and Supreme Commander, and balances them out extremely well; it's less macro-y, faster, and less fiddly than Age Of Empires, but less micro-y, speedfreak tournament hotkey nonsense than StarCraft or Dawn Of War.It really feels like some of the best bits of the C&C Games, (sneaking transports into the back of enemy bases), but with a little more depth, and it just has a really solid, classic RTS feel that's familiar, yet fresh at the same time.This one is a hidden gem, and has sleeper hit written all over it.  Multiplayer is probably going to be a *blast* with this game."
,Recommended,318650,14644718,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dubliz,"Summary:+ Pretty 2D graphics+ Interesting story (even if not the most original)+ 3 different factions with unique units+ Old-school RTS spirit (4 different resources, slower pace, interesting base-building mechanics and etc.)+ Beautiful soundtrack (even though there are not many different songs)- Very glitchy unit controls and pathfinding which makes you frustrated from time to time (especially air unit control... Nightmare)- No 8 player skirmish mode and in general - not enough skirmish maps- Enemy AI sometimes behave weird and doesn't function properly- Some bugs there and there...It needs more polishing but I would still recommend this game to RTS fans.I hope to see some patches :)"
76561198056665342,Recommended,318650,20321344,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Batter,"I love the game. If you prefer civ 3 over civ 5, then I believe you will enjoy this game a large amount (its ui is a bit clunky and unit control is pretty basic) Everyone of course is subject to these setbacks. Campaigns are genuinely reminiscent of warcraft and stronghold Age of Mythology in terms of length and cheezy storyline thats still fun to play and watch unfold/ oddly captivating"
76561198051358583,Recommended,318650,17718296,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,lucidmooselid,"Good RTS reminicent of RA2 and the tiberium series, would really like to see two things implimented to make this perfect1. A zoom function.2. A difficulty setting in skirmish to make the A.I harder"
,Recommended,318650,13958639,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Good, super fun, and simple RTS made in the style of an old 2.5D Command and Conquer game, yet with enough features and UI improvments in recent updates to make it feel like a modern game which is recreating the nostalgia of older games. This is a very well made(I've had no crashing issues or anything playing it so far), and well supported(frequent updates addressing issues, including even one just this morning), indie game that I'd argue should be rated with Star Craft 2 as one of the best, TRUE, RTS games to come out in a while. The plot is fairly boilerplate, but is well executed in the cutscenes, and despite its ""stereotypical"" framing, is well written and an engaging experience. Graphics, are well, they are the graphics of games ten years ago, only with high deff sprites and partical effects for once, which, in its weird 2.5D way, does look gorgoues during the fire fights. Sound quality is amazing for what the game is, actually really impressed by this aspect of the game.If you've got nostalgia for the old days of RTS games, or are sick to your stomach as well with EA for shutting down their online servers...then buy SunAge: Battle for Elysium."
,Not Recommended,318650,20566354,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,thenikus,"I gave this game a fair chance, and it started off good: the isometric graphics are obviously glorious, the story is simple but engaging enough, voice acting is okay, I even liked the the half-baked comic cutscenes where the main character looks like a different person in every panel.But the game itself is almost unplayable: the first thing I noticed is the strange unit selection scheme. Drawing a rectangle across the screen should select all units inside the rectangle, right? No, that is for putting units into squads, but only units of the same type, except for commander units. It doesn't add anything to the gameplay, it just makes things more complicated.Then I noticed the units horrible pathfinding. If there is any obstacle between them and their destination, or a tight corridor, they'll go somewhere completely different, or take a step back, or refuse to move at all. This is especially awful if you take into account that in this game, bases are tightly built clusters of buildings, literally touching each other, or they don't have power. My units also ignored attack commands regularly and didn't pursue enemies. Sometimes they stop just ahead of their target and take fire until they are dispatched.I had reasonably high hopes for this game, but it's a complete disappointment. The most amazing thing is that even though it came out in 2008, there are still patches coming out for it. The devs apparently care about their game, so why haven't they fixed these glaring issues yet, or given up entirely?TLDR: Don't buy this!"
76561198021837482,Recommended,318650,13409385,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Big Gio,Amazing game! Brings me back to the tiberium sun games. Must buy!!
76561198030753524,Recommended,318650,15725612,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,[CT] Forced Jaketh,Good old style rts.Story can be a bit hard to follow and I wish the cinematics expanded or at least were extended to show more of what was going on. Though I do find the comic strip story telling an enjoyable feature.Pathing can be an issue so keep an eye on your units and make sure you set them to hold their ground if you dont want them to go running head long into the enemys attack force and get slayed haha.Campaign is fun with a campaign per race as well as skirmish for afterwards.7/10
76561197963899036,Recommended,318650,20385843,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Edgey,Best retro Sci-fi RTS on Steam - hands down - Awesome!
,Recommended,318650,15477055,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Selphea,"A slower-paced RTS with atmospheric music and grumpy, grizzled characters reminicent of the late-90s style.Not bad overall but units are very disobedient! I tell them to shoot and they chill in place and get shot at. I tell them to move across the swamp and somehow they think it's a good idea to walk right into poison fog. I suspect dystopian Earth has given them suicidal tendencies."
76561198367688058,Recommended,318650,30170950,Posted: 25 February,all,Λ№lphabet,"First off, I just want to give a big shoutout to the people involved in the making of this game, it's quite amazing for such a small team, the graphics, the sound, the units, it all feels professional and like a high quality indie game. However there are a lot of small bugs.A bit of a detailed explanation of the specificities of the game compared to other RTS I know:+All units have 2 modes that can be switched without cooldowns (for example heavy infantry can switch between rocket launchers or mortars) it can also switch between anti-air to support heals and so on, however the alternate mode must be researched first in the research lab+There are 4 ressource types, 1 is the base ressource widespread all around the map, easy to find, the 2 next are more rare but still common and each associated with a different type of units, vehicles or air units, with some subtleties depending on each faction, and the last one called Iberium rods, is very rare and allows to research powerful endgame techs and units.+The game sports a unique system of power line via a complex network of electric towers required to have buildings work.But theres also a big lack of polish on the core mechanics that make a good RTS good.-First of all pathfinding, oh my goodness .. regardless how good your micro is, you will encounter units doing the opposite of what you ask, that's the way it is in this game, deal with it... either going the opposite direction, attacking other targets, ignoring orders and quite frequently.-Selection tool, Basically the selection dynamically creates groups of 25 units max of the same type and move them automatically in formation, so while it may sound like a neat feature to sort units into groups quickly, in practice, combined with the poor pathfinding, it makes selecting the right units without moving the others quite a nightmare forcing you to use the alternate selection mode (basically the regular selection method but you must hold MAJ and lose accesss to custom formation when holding right click). The selection tool has I think unecessary innovations or perhaps just poorly implemented ones that it add unecessary micro for no real benefit.-Units collision, another aspect of pathfinding here that is problematic, there is some degree of unit collision which tries to prevent several units from clipping into each other but here it is set way too high and prevents from positioning units where you want to and creates more unnecessary micro management plus a sense of not being in control of your units.(Particularly so in this mission where you need to avoid areas of lethal gaseous clouds but your infantry just keeps happily jumping into it).-Putting infantry in an air transport, again, this seems very specific, but it happens a lot in the campain and seems highly bugged, sometimes happening instantly teleporting all units at once into the vehicle, sometimes taking forever because some units is stuck somewhere, sometimes seeming to be done but all units pop out of the transport when it takes off, etc... in short, it's clunky, as is the way air transport land by the way, sometimes they circle around 3 times while getting hit before deciding to land, sometimes they land directly but no where you want, sometimes they take off just when you select several of them because of the automatic formation thing, etc...So overall its a original game  with a lot of hidden depth, and neat 2D art that I think looks stunning. I just hope there will be some sort of quality of life patch because there is definitely a game with a lot of potential spoiled by minor issues here, good intensions and good ideas but also perhapsa lack of polish on the core mechanics like simply moving units around is often either overly complicated or a bit bugged.As for the multiplayer unfortunately there is nobody left to play with online anymore.However the solo campain is fulfilling on its own, it's long and varied enough and does a good job at teaching the game various mechanics, I just wish the story was maybe a tad bit more original like the gameplay is, but it does the job.It's a mixed bag, I personally enjoyed it quite a bit (and I only made 1 of the 3 campains!) but be aware of the issues I mentioned before you set on buying it."
,Recommended,318650,13425785,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Terroriza,"The game is ok. Is it worth 15$ I spent? I guess so. Nothing really wows me, but also there is nothing that is like oh man this sucks I want my money back. (I'm only 90 minutes into SP, have not touched MP yet) It's an ok game with some nice features. I'm sure it will get a nice little bit of playing time when I'm bored with other games here and there. You might very well love it, it all really depends on what exactly you want.. I was looking for something more faster paced and perhaps it will get there as I progress further it is like that in multiplayer.Multiplayer could totally changed my opinion off this game and I will update once I play online skirmish. If you want a story that you can get into then you will probably like this. One of the main things I don't like is that there is a story and it forces you to be part of it. In these types of games I try to always skip thru all the story and just play. I want to play a RTS to play and could really care less what the plot is, but that's just me. There are several scenes thru the SP where a unit might move from one side to another during conversation taking place and you just have to sit there and wait for it to end which I really can't stand. If that's your thing then it has lots of that for you.I will say they seem to put a good bit into developing the story, so i'm sure if you follow it, it's pretty good. The game has some cool units and some nice options for the units. Your basic infantry can switch into a non movement sniper mode when you hit A, almost every unit has a special ability like this. The gameplay is very smooth and hotkeys are good for the most part. You can Q up buildings and movement paths for several different squads at once which is very helpful.There was one thing I did not like as far as gameplay goes. If I move a squad to a point across the map and they engange an enemy halfway to that point they just keep running while firing and eventually they run past the enemy and keep going to their location. When I changed the stance option from defensive to offensive it did not seem to change this. If my units run into someone I want them to stop and fire or go after them. At least an option to say during the path either stop and fire on contact w/ or w/o pursuit involved or fire and move but don't go off course. Even a way to maybe say go off course to get the kill then continue back on path. This wouldn't be a huge issue in MP b/c it would apply to both teams so it would make it interesting, but in SP it's kind of frustrating. I got the game on sale so I would say overall i'm satisfied, definitely has that old school RTS feel to it. I would say 7/10 so far w/o touching the MP."
76561197970680807,Recommended,318650,13462246,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Holy_Terra,I play this game since it's not on steam all i can say in that time is the game suck since i expect old school gameplay from it but the game end up just experimental of new basic control than using tradition rts control make the game nearly unplayable and make basic control scheme become too busy to work with than it should be. other than that game UI in that time really unfriendly and hard to understand.even so i love graphic and art style of this game make me give sunage another chance when it coms to steam and i can say i'm not dissapoint!they nearly fix all problem found in early release version such as.1. The game now allow player choose different type of unit and command them as one.2. The game alot faster and stable.3. Game UI now more friendly than before.4. The game now allow player to order unit attack target directly [unlike early version where all you can do is try to move unit around and hope they will attack unit you want to kill first.5. unit control become more tradition than early game which is the best thing happen on this game [i never though they will do this but thet did it!]however the game still have some problem [like unit path finding and some time they not response your command] but i hope they will fix them in the future.overall SunAge: Battle for Elysium impress me and i want to recommed for everyone who love classic rts just like me.
,Not Recommended,318650,32266251,Posted: 8 June,all,Grumple Stilskin,"It's a good game, yeah, but it has some game breaking bugs that you should know about. One map in the middle of the campaign has a decent chance to just not finish. Even if you do and kill everything. There's no way to fix it other than to start the entire campaign over. Keep that in mind if you buy the game."
76561198073157308,Recommended,318650,17872364,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Waluigi Time,"This game is great, at least so far, I got a problem where the scientists moving to the correct spot on level ""Cultrigs"", so I cannot play the full game yet."
,Not Recommended,318650,20965845,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Riaktion,"This is an example of were doing research, reading reviews and watching YouTube videos of the game being played, is no substitute for actually spending some time with the it and playing it. This honestly looked right up my street, but having sat down with it for over 4 hours.. it just didn't click with me.Managing squads of soldiers rather than individual troops seemed like a great touch, but it's execution for me is very fiddly... and that's how I feel about a lot of how the game works. I could never find my rhythm, and felt like I was forever battling with the controls, UI and mechanics of the game... rather than just ...playing the game.Also ran into a couple of bugs, one which prevented my from completing a story objective... which is ultimately what made me change from an attitude of perseverance... to one of ""I could be doing something more fun with my spare time"".A fine effort, I don't regret buying it, but I am sad I didn't get along better with the game. Never mind.. not one for people who don't like micro management."
76561198017625476,Not Recommended,318650,24209978,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bionerd,"So first off I'm going to say that the game looks good from the tiny bit of it I got to see. That said there are really over the top anti-piracy measures that inferer with it running in a decent number of legit downloads of it from steam. It never appeared to be like there was a clear pattern in terms of machine specs, operating system etc that caused it from what I saw on the forums and even after over a year the dev has been unable or unwilling to fix the issue and isn't that much help with trouble-shooting it either (not for a lack of trying, just not that helpful although trying).Anyways, if you get it and get it to run then congrats and enjoy, it looks like a good game. But given the trouble I've had and the fact that I've spent about 20 hours trying to get this to run properly I have to give this a bad review.I also have to give steam a bad review with respect to refunds on this since I requested one within the specified requirements and never got a refund or reply from them (I heard they can take awhile but it's been over a year)."
76561198085042088,Not Recommended,318650,29657059,Posted: 2 February,all,Rystein,"My pal bought a 4-pack  of this game and gave me a copy as a gift.Unfortunately this game falls over in multiplayer, which is the whole reason he bought it.For starters we had to message the Developer here on Steam in order for him to reboot his server so we could even see another skirmish. (He was good though, had it up and running the next day.)There are also fundamental options missing that most consider as standard to the RTS platform, such as setting AI difficulty and choosing starting position. Some of the controls are a little backwards too, such as being unable to select different types of units with a click'n'drag.The game's got a lot of potential, but right now its missing the mark in multiplayer."
,Recommended,318650,26582318,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Matt,"I really like this game so far. I was wanting something a bit like Red Alert 2, and I got something better and more modern. I don't understand the negative reviews the game has received, maybe they're prior to bug fixes, I'm not sure.The units are interesting and distinctive, allowing real tactical choices, and the resource/base management system is unlike anything I've ever played and forces different tactical thinking. At first I thought the pathfinding was a bit off, but I realised that my building placement had caused obstacles, so it was really my fault.Art style is also really nice, makes the most of modern processing without getting carried away with 3d realisticness and without being ""retro"". I'm bloody sick of everything being fake-8-bit.In short, I'll be spending hours on this, and you should too."
,Recommended,318650,27909719,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Valnak,Really strange plot. I really like the Raak-zuun. I only played the campaign.I liked it but the control system is kinda clunky. You don't drag to select you have to shift drag.Seems like infantry dominate this game. Just spam them to win the campaigns.The graphics are nice. They're not really trying to be good but they try to be stylized meaning it probably won't make your eyes bleed in 5 years when you replay it.
76561198031887977,Recommended,318650,22894045,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ScoXander,"I saw SunAge the first time way back before it was even released and I already knew I would like it. However this game isn't without its flaws.Pros------ Beautiful old skool grafics, a throw back to the 90's RTS genre. Most critic reviews I've read all say that the GFX are outdated, even ancient. Anyone that says this is, I'm sorry, but they're idiots. RTS just don't really translate that well in 3D. Believe me, it used to be my favorite genre yet there are only about 3 maybe 4 3D RTS games that I like. I don't need a rotating camera to enjoy a game.- Sound Design. Sound it something most people think that it isn't really important, yet most of the units in SunAge have diffirent sounds for their weapons and moving.  The ambient sounds are also a nice addition.- Campaign. Like I said RTS used to be my favorite genre, meaning I've played a whole lot of them. Among them the C&C games. And I think I can count all the campaigns from every game that I finished on one hand. Most of them or either too hard or too boring to actually finish. Yet SunAge, kept me interested enough to see the ending. Didn't encounter any mission that I found tedious or unfair.Cons------ Pathfinding. Units will act weird from time to time, just small things that you jut notice. Like sometimes units won't be able to walk onto a certain surface but they will cross it. Other times they'll fail to go to the EXACT spot you want them to go to. The  there are those moments when one unit of a group just decides that instead of standing in formation he has to go all the way around past and through the enemy base just to stand at the base of a cliff.- Skirmish. The game has a skirmish mode against an AI opponent. However this doesn't hold up, the AI is easily defeated and doesn't seem to do that much anyway. Instead it'll build units and attack defences, but at the first sign of danger the units will run away. Only to return as soon as they don't see their attackers anymore.- Some random bugs. Sometimes I'll encounter a game breaking bug, nothing that crashes the game, just one that prevents me from progressing, usually a reload fixes this. But not always.Complaints------------Even though I really like this game it has several issues that most RTS games have, but this the 21st century after all.- Airplanes cannot be repaired, even though the game says that you can, you can't. A all too common RTS oversight that I just plain hate.- Not having the ability to choose your Skirmish posistion. Again a common RTS occurence, for some reason most RTS games will not give you the option to choose your starting location. Which is very annoying because when I play skirmish I want my opponent as far away from as possible. Yet sometimes they'll just spawn right next to youMy final verdict is, if you liked 90's RTS games, you love this hands down. It could benefit from a good clean-up, but then again which game wouldn't."
,Recommended,318650,23556226,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Glent CSOFFER.ME,Good game (RTS) but please REPAIR FEW THINGS. Bugging troops and picking squads and please add multi squad movement
,Recommended,318650,23907322,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Caine,"It's a really janky game. It has bad pathfinding in the worst scenarios, like 1 or 2 units don't work properly (In their secondary form, that is.), It's really easy to just spam two or three unit types and win.But! It has a neat art style that any one can play with, the factions are diverse enough, the game is really fun during skirmish, and if you have a friend you could probably have loads more fun with it. They impleted the option to join Steam Friends, even if the master server is down, you can still play with your friends.I love this game, regardless of it's flaws. At least I'm good at it."
76561198129181638,Recommended,318650,20433136,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ArchaonEverchosen,"Everything from here to the next arrow is irrelevent--->""Wow a nice old school rts game that i can play with my friend""(buys 2 copies and attemps to play LAN game).Waiting for server..... Waiting for server..... Waiting for server.....(Aggravation setting in after about an hour of waiting, Attemps to play online game hoping for different result...Waiting for server.....Waiting for server.........Waiting for server. U gotta be kidding me right ? no it gets better... now just over 2 hours in of trying to play And i cant even refund it -.-. congratulations u have broke my heart---> [Edit]: <--- I just recently changed this review which is arrogant of me since the developer had the courtesey to respond to me in a moments notice. you can tell they truly care about this game and are constantly hard at work with the annoying bugs that tend to show up out of nowhere right when everything seems to be going good. All things aside things game takes me back to when each rts had its own unique aesthetic (which this one definitly has!) such as the difference between red alert and starcraft. while this game might not be perfect it stays true to what the classics did best and makes me feel as if oldschool weswood devs made this themselves after EA took over :/. PS. sorry developer for not changing review sooner i was not informed on your response. You definitly deserve more positive reviews than you get ! if you are a old school rts fan I highly recommend this game if your new to them i find this to be a great starting place."
76561197970560363,Not Recommended,318650,33593363,Posted: 16 July,all,gameplayer13905,This is another game that I wanted to like but Im really on the fence. Or a little on the other side of it. The buildings look great! The unit handling is terrible. You cannot drag selection a group of your soldiers and expect to get them all. All this game will allow is for you to select one group of soldiers at a time. This is frustrating when you're trying to win a battle. This game does badly what C&C Generals and Starcraft do well. And Starcraft is 15 years old!What is also frustrating is that there are many scenario scenes that run during the game. These scenes are used to convey the next set of ohjectives. While the scene is running you can't select units or do what they're asking you to do.I give this game a 5 or 6 out of 10
76561198045390393,Recommended,318650,21679017,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SpaceMariner,"This game was very cool for its era, nice to see again in steam. ^^+Story very cool and very long.+Each three Race have different playstyle and abillities and units.+Game resources really nice.+Game maps really cool.+AI playing good.+No any bug in game.+This game completed in many years."
76561198148826534,Not Recommended,318650,17521256,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Night_Wielder,"Man, I tried to like this game, but the god awful user interface, controls and AI made it impossible.I played this offline, so my playtime is closer to 4 hours than 1. The controls were what really broke my back. You know how in most RTSs when you click and drag around a group of units it selects them all? In this game it will reorganize two dozen of your units of the same type into a squad. This is a game where you can easily have several hundred units, and you need to give commands to them in squads of like ten at a time. In short, can’t recommend."
76561198075333751,Recommended,318650,30539348,Posted: 16 March,all,nautilus,"Lovely lovely designed. If you liked Tiberian Sun, you have to try SunAge."
76561197965046644,Not Recommended,318650,35099811,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A interesting RTS but sadly I can't recommend due to a few too many bugs and issues that hurt my experience with the game.==Bugs/Issues==1. Units getting easily stuck - Many times I have had units get stuck in the map. For some reason having a massive army moving all at once ended up pushing some of my infantry off the walkable path and into a rock, getting them stuck forever.2. Path Finding - I found the A.I path finding for both your units and enemy seem very weak/stupid. Many times I have ordered my units to go a certain route only to have them do the opposite. You will need to baby sit your units a lot. Another good example is the air transport...many times I order them to land on a large flat land only to have them fly somewhere else.....like into the middle of a enemy AA defense system...3. A.I - Many times I found my units get attacked only to stand there and take it or would follow the enemy unit to the other side of the map. This bothered me a lot since many RTS has a basic system where if a enemy attacks them or near them they will engage and if the enemy unit flees then your units retreat to their last position.4. UI - I found the general UI works but sadly the map and the information given to you is broken. I found many times I would get a warning about units under attack only to find nothing and other times find my forces are truly under attack but will not get any warnings about it. For the map it's very hard to see your units sometimes on certain maps as they don't appear clearly on the map.Overall a okay RTS but nothing too amazing."
76561198041078783,Recommended,318650,16872562,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,LastDance,Reminds me of KKND!Very enjoyable. I wish there were more new 2D RTS games out there.
76561198252681252,Recommended,318650,19809748,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,mcmunn_rog,"It will not luanch, the (steam) window  to initiate play comes up but WILL NOT start the game. Program is not even in task manager.   Serious prblem in my book. Would like to see it fixed. Loved the game (moor or less)."
76561198082516765,Not Recommended,318650,16714534,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ratabago,"Cat herding simulator 2014.Unless you like struggling with the worst unit selection tools, and the worst pathfinding I have seen in any RTS then avoid this like the plague.Single Player Campaign:- The storyline is as clever as a brick.- The characters are all shallow and detestable.- The voice acting is poor, as is the script.- The cliches are so thick it is difficult to wade through them.- It feels as much ""on rails"" as RTS.- The cat simulator makes the experience slightly less fun than working unpaid overtime.+ Graphics are simple but appropriate, adequate, and atmospheric.+ Music and sound effects are also fine."
,Recommended,318650,26221276,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Vancer2,"This game is amazing! Took me 36.9 hours alone just for the campaign, which I must say is awesome.  The story is not told through FMV, but through a rather story-esque kinda way with pictures inbetween missions with the characters talking and so forth. There is NO micromanagement needed in this game with troops. For example there is a raiding unit callled the Centurion, its a really fast bipedal mech unit, I built 10 of those and grouped them up. You can select a target and then proceed to shift click placed for them to move and they will remember their target as they dodge rocket fire and artillery fire, (The game has this artillery thingy that likes to calculate what direction you're going and then fire it so that that hits when you get there) This game really brings me back. I don't get what all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing is about. If you like old school RTS games. Buy it."
76561197994812200,Not Recommended,318650,16819499,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BeingDS,"C-L-U-N-K-Y.This game handles like a car with all four tires removed. Sparks flying, handling shot, careening all over the place.Selecting units makes them move. It's next to impossible to see which units are actually selected. Grouping is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pathing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ They won't stay put or stay in formation. It's a telltale sign of a badly crafted game when what frustrates you is just trying to make your units stand where you put them and face in a given direction; without shuffling around, facing a different way without orders, charging, retreating, or just not going where the UI alleges that they will.Oh, and heaven help you if you just want to play the game. This thing will not let you click four times in a row without a protracted cutscene.Thank goodness it was on sale for only $7. I can handle wasting that much money without it ruining my day."
76561198035702977,Recommended,318650,32196078,Posted: 5 June,all,GA01,A very underated game.
76561198011261810,Recommended,318650,26673852,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,hottona66,good game
,Recommended,318650,17892179,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,American Shorthair Paladin,asymmetrical RTS
,Not Recommended,318650,16951567,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SpaceCatFace,I just can't deal with the bad pathfinding and controls/UI.
76561198080207087,Not Recommended,318650,15515365,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SR71BlackBird,-1 Uncomfortable Interface-1 Useless Tutorial(First Mission)-1 Annoying Squad System2/5
,Not Recommended,318650,18846397,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Arcade,"Great Art style, interesting gameplay... Honestly this game is pretty close to being good. But these squad-based controls and lack of general camera controls are so horrible that I can't recommend it. Controlling units is beyond clunky"
,Not Recommended,318650,19192736,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ladybloodshed,"The controls are no good, they should just use the C&C setup."
76561197986629379,Recommended,318650,13380901,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Vali,"Meh - i was hoping for more.But all in all a decent RTS game, nice graphics, neat unit control."
76561198022003762,Recommended,318650,13385881,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DragonDave,cool game ever
76561198084097637,Not Recommended,318650,13426620,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Hannibal,"UPDATED REVIEW, ORIGINAL BELOW TOP PARAGRAPHSunAge is a solid game, not perfect, but solid. The reason I now do not recommend it is because it's lack of staying power. While I am an avid RTS player, both past and present, and I enjoyed certain aspects of SunAge, the game did not captivate me for very long, relative to other strategy games I have played. The game, while interesting, does not carry with it a certain charm needed to entertain for dozens, or even into the triple digits, of hours. The squad system did grow tiresome, and several control options bugged me. The gameplay is fine for a classic style RTS, but it did not fit quite right. I found myself contemplating how the game could be improved, more than simply enjoying the game. Thus, I found the game good for research purposes, but ultimately inferior to other RTS titles.My original review for the game is below, with what I describe still as good qualities of a game.Classic RTS Fun, Exciting Combat, Good Mechanics and GraphicsNote that this review has only logged 3.4 hours of gameplay, so I have not delved into the depths of every aspect of the game.Pros:In the first 3 hours of playing this game, I can definitely say that anybody who enjoys a classic RTS-style game would enjoy SunAge: Battle for Elysium. I've only played a few of the campaign levels, but I already have discovered a fluid squad system, decent tutorials and understandable controls. Every RTS has a learning curve, this game is no exception, but it is intuitive to catch on to. The learning curve, in short, is short. The combat is also very exciting; the varying units make for challenging, but not overly complex gameplay and the multiple resources and base building mechanic make for an interesting management mechanic which is similar to Age of Empires or Starcraft games (with a few differences.)Major good thing: I have not run into any strange bugs or game-breaking issues since playing the game. (I have not tested this in an online setting though.)Cons:The only thing that saddens me is the lack of playability online. This is not due to any problems with the game, but rather a shortage of people playing. I know that, it being almost a brand-new release, this game will grow in its player base, but for now there are not a lot of players online. This makes it difficult to skirmish because via the internet. However (not a con), if you have a group of friends, you can play via LAN or Steam connection privately, so that is a huge bonus.The campaign levels are a little bit cheesy, with comic book-style cinematics and not-always-compelling dialogue, but that level of cheese is present in a lot of RTS games and not a large problem. (The emphasis is on strategy as it should be.)The gameplay itself is exciting and fun to partake in; I also imagine actually skirmishing PvP would be equally exciting if not more so. Overall, I would recommend this to any strategy fan! If you like it, spread the word so more people are playing!"
76561198042917560,Recommended,318650,33569505,Posted: 15 July,all,Shadownamesto,"Alright, upon completion of SunAge's campaign, And having spent as long as I have upon the game itself, I believe I'm capable enough to write up my thoughts on the game as a whole, however I will get one thing out of the way first.I liked the game. It was fun, it was intriguing to see where the storyline went. Not the best, but 6/10. Now I'll go into detail.Campaign: The campaign follows through a strict 25 mission storyline detailing the whole reason you're playing it. You start off with the federals who act like a tutorial, the rakk-zun, the middling segment where you feel powerful and capable of doing anything, and then the sentinels, where the game kicks up into a higher gear. I will point out you are forced to go through this style, as playing with the sentinels and rakk-zun first would mess up the whole storyline.Factions: The federals are us, fleshy weak human people, armed with by the book technologies and following strict rules. They play more as anti infantry and have solid defenses, but can be considered as an allround race. Their unique end game unit/capability is the ability to enact WW3 and nuke everything into oblivion with tons of silos. In reality their artillery is turned into a laser pointer for the people back home to realise where to launch the nukes.The Rakk-zun are mutants, heavily mutated in the barren wasteland we technically call home but in reality is the worlds greatest dumpster fire ever invented. They give off an almost tribal feeling, with their own religion, beliefs and rituals. The Rakk-zun focus on maneuverability and ever encroaching walls of units and metal. Sound confusing? Well they are. They have potent anti infantry vehicles that can turn into flamethrowers, potent rocket buggies that turn into maneuverable anti air, mutants that become immortal but die of a heart attack, and walls of metal which can either explode or turn into artillery. Their special unit/ability is The Spawn, which I didn't get to play around with at all, however I believe it's quite powerful, seeing as how it summons endless waves of god forsaken sea serpents with which to bite your enemy into submission, or y'know, burn him to a crisp and then bite him. They also have the ability to convert all resources into blue fairy dust, which I'll explain later. On and their defense is rubbish, flamethower turrets and a beyblade frisby anti air system. woot.Finally, the sentinels, who are Artificial Intelligent robots with mysterious designs, a vaguely futuristic feeling and an inherent feeling of them getting the short end of the stick. They play mostly defensively, with impressively strong defenses and semi useful units, ranging from two legged mechs that will die quite quickly to anything except laser damage, but fires lasers itself and also a minigun if you get the upgrade, to a walking gorilla mech that shoots lasers out of its eyes and has a frankly useless alternate attack. They feel really off, with their early units getting most of the attention while at most a couple measely upgrades being given out to later units, which I barely used anyway.Combat: Combat in this game is fun, but confusing. You can't select all your units at once and charge at the enemy, because it's more squad based than that. You select a squad and tell him to move somewhere, and then select another squad and repeat. You can select multiple squads with shift clicking, but none of their abilities can be activated unless you specifically click only them, presumably due to jealousy.The pathfinding in this game is frankly horrific, and I've played through the whole damn game with it. Aerial units will take a long way around to a target, fly around a bit and settle down like a dog getting comfy, positioning my units felt like dragging cement bricks around and selecting their formation was also horrificly bad. I'd often waste a couple minutes trying to get my squad into a certain formation but being off by one or two in either direction, so too much like a line formation, and far too close to a column formation, combine that with the pathfinding and I nearly gave up on the damn game.Targetting an enemy structure is also off putting, as I'd tell my units to attack a target, and they'd switch out of their alternate fire, and probably die in the next three nano seconds. Why can't they just target what I point out and upon issuing a move order, they then switch out of the alternate fire if need be? It doesn't make sense otherwise. Oh, and speaking of targetting, the range system got me so confused at times. In some cases I'm firing halfway up the map with artillery, and yet I'm having trouble shooting something practically half a building away? What?? It felt like the developers just stuck a circle as the range, but forgot that due to a semi isometric view, we can actually see further. Oh and it's the same shooting down, which never makes sense.Bugs and issues: I didn't find all too many bugs with the game itself, it was quite a solid game, even if it had some inconsistencies within in-engine cutscenes. However one bug I did encounter is during the mission Assimilation, upon trying to enter a transporter during a cutscene, the main hero won't actually enter the transporter, and will force you to restart a very long and very painfully drawn out mission.Speaking of issues, there's something wrong with the difficulty in the campaign, as in it's just plain not working right. The final mission of the federals started off painful and actually caused me my ONLY mission failure in the entire game due to difficulty. Every other time was due to me being stupid and letting the hero die but that's besides the point. The final mission of the Rakk-zun is a piece of cake. It's not a threat, it's not challenging, it's just long and tedious. The same can be said for a number of other missions where the AI doesn't even do anything.The final mission of the whole game has a federal base built up like it's prepared for a fierce war, and yet they're having trouble with a frankly pathetic rakk-zun outpost that lost all ability to build upon losing the slave workers they had. I never got attacked in that mission by any force of a dangerous size or composition at all, and that's just wrong. It's the same for other missions too, I didn't have any threatening attacks. The hardest mission I had in this entire game was two missions before the end, because mutants are apparently really good at killing robots. And I will point out they didn't even go for the optional objective, or at least tried and failed so poorly that they gave up. Speaking of;Difficulty: What on earth happened? I've mostly stated what I want to above but good grief. Some missions kicked my♥♥♥♥♥until I stuck it through, others got so boring I completed them without even touching my keyboard (final rakk-zun mission). I will point out right now I played it on MEDIUM difficulty, however I still expect the ai to function during all the missions, as well as feeling at least some kind of threat, even if it's because of the AI building up a steamrolling military.Overall: SunAge: Battle for Elysium is a pretty unique base building rts with a fairly engaging storyline, interesting unit variations and abilities with an added spice of unique factions to boot. It has its short comings, and flops in a couple areas, but it kept me entertained until the end of the campaign, which says something about both the game, and my patience.Would I like to see another game like this, such as a sequel or a similar use of the mechanics: I would love to see an updated version of the mechanics with far less bugs and pathfinding issues, since it's uniqueness kept bringing me back, and it's why I bought the damn thing after the sale ended for it. Maybe another game, since a sequel after that. frankly boring ending wouldn't exactly work. Good job, keep up the brilliant work, and I hope the next game (if any) outshines this one and its pathing"
