user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,318860,13296733,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Invalid Search Result,"I just have to write it:""Dark Souls clone"".There is no escaping this parallel, I'm afraid. Even the stairways look like they were plucked directly from Anor Londo. But! I'm not going to name it as a con.I'll start with the negative aspects:-Stiff as wood animations all around, which makes most enemy attacks look goofy. I swear, that tri-headed demon has a grab attack during which the protagonist stays completely still. Same goes for death animation - Leopold doesn't die per se, he just slouches a bit, looking depressed. It looks less like real combat and more like an elaborate game of pretend.-Strange AI. Some enemies aggro only when you stand uncomfortably close to them, but can be provoked by locking on from afar. Which trivializes one of the bossfights, since you pick enemies one by one, lead them in a corner, then bash their heads in with a halberd.Same goes for certain bosses - they feel a bit too easy, having extremely long windup animations and enormous amount of dead zones.Would probably need adjusting for the final release.-Not exactly memorable layout for the palace. Maybe it's intentional, but most rooms and hallways look copypasted to hell and back. 1 entrance+ 3 doors, with only 5 or so grand halls, and only 1 of them has at least something worth noticing (namely the giant statue). I can understand if striving for minimalism was a choice in design, but right now it doesn't provide that ""hollow"" feeling, it just looks unfinished. Fitting for an Early Access game, I suppose.Now for something good. It's going to be a much shorter list.-Ambience and music are well-done, amplifying the somber atmosphere of the game.-Story is...not particularly captivating, but it's mysterious enough to draw the player in.-Potential. Yeah, I don't really say that often, but the game certainly has potential. It's not gonna get any GOTYs, that's for sure, but I can see it as a pleasant experience in the near future.All that, plus the fact that the game was made by one person (or at least that's what I've reckoned after doing some background check) really makes me want to recommend it.And I will. But keep in mind, my decision is swayed by the fact that I'm a sucker for these kinds of games.So if you want to play low-budget version of Demon's/Dark Souls, you can pick it up after the full release and just pretend that you're playing a game made by FromSoft's F-team. Or G-team."
,Recommended,318860,15721210,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Saint Satan,Dark Souls + Horror + 1990s gameplay = MalebolgiaI'm enjoying this game a lot although for the wrong reasons.  The gameplay is fairly poor but the excellent atmosphere drives me to keep exploring.  Here are some of the pros and cons...ProsVery spookyOld-school feelNice art styleConsGameplay is mehFighting is very clunkyA lot of areas look similarDying because your character didn't do what you wantedI wish it had a bit more polish but it's still pretty okay and worth the cheap asking price.  Just be warned that this game has averyold school feel and functions like a mid 90s game.  I think older gamers will enjoy this more than the younger crowd.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan
,Recommended,318860,17475028,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Chappy,"So I just finished playing through the game and thought I should write a review for it. You play as a man named Leopold confined to the Palace Malebolgia. You fight for your life battling demons who have took over the palace and now rule it.PROSAmazing looking game and environments.Cool story with satisfying ending.Spooky and is full of mystery.Fun yet challenging boss fights.Can have your health and attack upgraded.CONSThere isn’t much telling you what to do or where to go. Can leave you wandering around for a while.Combat is hard to get a hold of. But similar to the Dark Souls combat system.Healing is based off lighting candles. Only found in doorways and sometimes there are none. You will also need to light a couple to get back to full health.Map system is hard to use and read, yet sometimes necessary to use.OTHER FEATURESOther things in the game that really could be good or bad.Confined to one weapon, your halberd.Save system is based off finding a clock, only a few within the entire game.Can find “shields”. Locations of them will change and sometimes are necessary for boss fights.Overall this game was a lot of fun and made me wanting to go back and beat it. And I will probably be going back to play it again soon. But like I said, it is hard to know what you are supposed to be doing at first and it can be easy to get lost. By the end of the game you should know your way around fairly well and have a good idea of what’s going on. I’m not sure if it’s worth the base price but on sale is totally worth it. Dark Souls fans give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,318860,29313619,Posted: 17 January,all,Lintire,"I'm still a little lost on Malebolgia.Did I enjoy it? Did I not? I'm still not sure.I went in expecting a very mediocre, deriviative clone of Dark Souls. Actively what I wanted from it. And it managed to be more than that. But also managed to scuttle that with some very poor design decisions. Isn't that odd?Malebolgia is a purposefully slow action game set in one self-enclosed level, that gradually opens up, then warps itself through later story sections. You follow one character, with one weapon, with no character levels or armour or any of that jazz. This isn't a bad thing and the story emphasis proves to the be the main driving motivation for this game.""You're finally handling that weapon with pride, Leopold.""-Princess Marie-ElizabethThe story, a fairly simple tale of guilt and redemption that never really gets around to either, follows the backstory of your character Leopold. It has a bunch of dressed up nonsense strapped to it, involving latin aesthetics and NPCs who speak in riddles, but also some meaningful dialogue from other NPCs who reveal their backstory, their biases or even casually chat as they reminisce about innocuous activities.This emphasis on a single character really pays off, and proves to be a fairly engrossing tale with some decent climactic moments.All the side characters are distinct and individual and fulfil a specific role, all within the Palace Malebolgia itself. Malebolgia manages to have some interesting uses of environments that conveys a sense of a cohesive whole.But this is where the problems start.""We're all dead here.""-Sir EligorIt's way too dark. Waaaay too dark. ""Early access indie greenlit first-person horror game on Steam"" dark. Your torch illuminates a nice little 3-inch circle under your feet and otherwise you're pretty much left to your own devices.This doesn't do anything, you see enemies from a billion miles away anyway since they've all got glowing eyes. You know what it does? Hurts my eyes, for one. Squander the game's potential by making most Malebolgia locales proper look completely indistinct for another - in that they're all black because you can't see anyway. Even with the brightness jacked to full, it was like wearing a gimp mask.Just use the map to navigate? The map is worthless. It shows one area at a time and navigating it is a shot in the dark, which is fitting. For some reason the arrow that shows you which direction you're facing is itty bitty and blends into the player marker, another fantastic design decision. But the map sucks, might be the worst map I've seen since Shadowman.Maybe it's good that the game is so dark, because the animations are horrible and ugly. The game's artstyle, sure, you know what you're getting into, and honestly the models don't even look that bad. But the actual animation - from limpwristed, undercommunicated telegraphs to Leopold's penguin waddle walk cycle just sucks. It's awful, robotic, and still manages to be weak.""Forgive an old man his flights of fancy.""-Sir DullahanBut here's the real clincher, here's what really ties it all together into a package that I'm fairly sure I'll never return to and I can't bring myself to recommend:It's a good 15-25% slower than it should be. From the gameplay to plain walking, just getting from A to B takes longer than it should. In a pitch black game, with a worthless map, that consists of mostly finding your way from A to B and that's not even adding in that for all the game's talk of parrying and dodging the combat quickly devolves into just baiting attacks and spamming heavy attack.There's no tactics here. No thoughtful strategizing or emphasis on character builds. It just wastes your time.So honestly, no, it wasn't that fun. Malebolgia has its moments, and it had its chance, but it let it slip with some core design decisions that just reduce that brilliant story, presentation, and level cohesion into something that's just kind of a chore and eyesore to play.On a fairly tangential note, I have no idea what procs these achievements. They just popped up at random, apart from maybe the final one. I couldn't tell you what I did to earn them. One for looking at a statue, two at once for spawning at a clock, one for returning to look at a body in a bathtub, I don't know. It doesn't matter, but it's weird."
,Recommended,318860,16030986,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,EarlyRiser,"The recent update has improved this game for me significantly. My initial problems were never with the world, or atmosphere. The dark castle makes me want to explore and uncover its secrets, and there is a foreboding of dread as you open each door. The gameplay is reminiscent of the souls games, but without the high grade of polish. However, the recent update has addressed some of its issues, and I hope more will come to fully flesh it out. The update has added side-stepping, which expands your combat options, and also increased the speed of the players attacks, making combat more reliable. It has grown from an experience that I had to persevere through in order to see what is truly a compelling world to something much more enjoyable. In a future update, I think the addition of unlocked combat would truly complete the system (the ability to attack and dodge without having to be locked on). I recommend this game and look forward to any future improvements."
,Recommended,318860,21713705,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mr Kill,"Tldr; simplified dark souls style game, narrative is pretty good, atmospheric and striking visuals, good music.I am really impressed that an indie game company has been able to develop a game with mechanics similar to Dark Souls. I enjoyed this game for the most part.The visuals are beautiful and very clever.  I really enjoyed the striking contrast of the colours with the simplistic polygon style.  Malebolgia comes off as clean and never overpowering or crowded. I loved the use of light and the torchlight really lent itself to the atmosphere.  I particularly enjoyed as the game progressed through the acts, the atmosphere became darker without being too obvious.  If there's any critique to be made, I feel that Leopold's model could play with light and shadow a little better, as he was a bit awkward looking at times.  I also understand that it's much more difficult to have light interact with dynamic objects though, so I am not too bothered. I also thought that important NPC's could have more defined models, as some of them share models with regular monsters.I enjoyed the OST for this game.  Very atmospheric and well done. I also enjoy a game that can appreciate  silence as  important in setting tone for a scene or area.Narrative is great.  I enjoy games that don't necessarily hand you the entire plot. The game trusts the player to remember small details and connect the dots themselves. The pacing is good, apart from the one of the last portions of the game, where it requires you to set specific things on fire.  I thought this was so out of place, especially right after a big boss battle. It was easily the poorest part of the game in terms of pacing and mechanic.Gameplay is good. It differs from Dark Souls in that there is no customization or weapon/armour collection. The fighting system is particularly simple, probably because it takes a great deal of work to code this type of game. This game can be quite difficult if the player isn't acquainted  with Dark Souls style gameplay.  I found it to be a bit too easy at times, as some mobs could be defeated by backstepping > attack > backstep > etc. I didn't utilize the block function very often. I found it frustrating that I couldn't unsheathe my weapon unless there was a mob around, and that when fighting multiple enemies, I couldn't choose which one I wanted to target with ease.Overall, I enjoyed Malebolgia and I look forward to seeing future projects from this game dev."
,Not Recommended,318860,26225000,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Jochen MistiaenPublishers:Jochen MistiaenInitial release:May 2015Genre:Atmospheric, Adventure, Action, Creepy#Worth/NotWorth:#NahBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Cel-shaded and clunky dark room exploration very clearly inspired by Dank Souls, eh eghm--excuse me,I mean Dark Souls.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationThere isn't much to say aboutMalebolgia.The inspiration is written on its sleeve so to speak.I like this game,aesthetically.Mechanically it's very clunky. Dashing, hit detection, combat in general is not fun. All movement aside from walking around feels very robotic. You can die in about 3 hits and the clunky evade and blocking abilities the character possesses are not much defense. Not to mention the grandfather clocks serving as bonfires more or less as far as where you return are pretty scarce; Making the trek back to where you died that much more tedious.It's very atmospheric; the story seems pretty interesting to be honest. It at least has an air of mystery going for it. But the mechanics really take you out of it or more accurately they took me out of it. I think this game is suffering from what I'm deeming the “SOMA” effect. An interesting environment and story that having monsters in degrade the overall experience.THE GISTIt's just not that great of a package. If it still really interests you I suggest waiting for a heavy sale so as to lower your expectations. I mean the visuals are nice and the story seems well put together and properly designed to invoke intrigue. But the rest basically broken.Follow my curation for more"
,Not Recommended,318860,29204338,Posted: 12 January,all,EL_GRECO,"Let me summit up this game on few words  ''this game is like an  alpha version of dark souls ''Reasons: level design is consfusing and lacks key landmarks so you cant distungish where are you going. if i really knew Where i was going for sure i would had finished it in less than 4 hoursThe selection of   enemies  and their AI capabilities are quite limited pretty much all of them can be beat with just dodge and overhead attacks same counts on the bosses too.Story was good  i was not impressed but also not dissapointed.No inventory , no consumables pretty much nothing you can use from a downed enemy or boss except the armor buff that some corpses can give you.The starting weapon is the ONLY WEAPON you will use in the whole game !!!With all these it is really hard for me to find something innovative or exceptional from the game!!!Maybe the only thing that made me buy the game was the atmosphere, the art style and the promise that it is a dark souls clone!!!Conclusion : not worth it even on sale!!!EXTRA NOTE  i read from the developer on the forum that he will put more weapons in the game but until now nothing happened!!! Like we couldnt guess it right?"
,Not Recommended,318860,21738755,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dirac,"Great atmosphere punctuated awful controls.Could be fantastic, but the handling of the game ruins it. Honestly, I wanted to love this, but can't reccomend until something is done."
,Recommended,318860,13348665,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,artiepassos,Dark Souls Anor Londo meets with Sudas 51 - Killer 7 aestethics and have a hint of horror from early Alone in the Dark games.11/10 - Real good game for a Early Access.
,Recommended,318860,15703874,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,eric,"Review for the April Build-Malebolgia is larger and better constructed than I imagined, by far, but it is also a very rich and interesting game full of clever mechanics and a real sense of... ""itself"".The setting is hell in the form of a Prussian Castle and every facet of this diamond points to Dante's Divine Comedy in the most direct and meaningful way. The character is a commander of a pre-industrial country that must come to terms with the impact his life's choices have made, whether he is alive or not. All manner of great demons, ghosts and people of his past inhabit the palace, yet it is dark, quiet and horrifically lonely. The lighting and setting in the game are above par, complimenting the flat-shaded look of the environment and cast - a candle flicker illuminates a three-story statue in a haunting way, for instance. The haunting and beautiful music is the perfect pairing to this look -- sparse and finely played piano and low, grinding melodies that echo throughout. All of the paths are carefully thought out and the palace changes per each victory, making the large structures even larger with new paths to explore.This game is constantly referred to as a ""Dark Souls clone"", which I think the developer can wear with pride (imagine being compared to with one of the greatest games available today!) but it is his singular vision that made this game much more than its parts. It is a fun, well-made and supremely atmospheric romp through the dark that I will be talking about for years to come.I recommend this game (whole-heartedly!) and I finished the game in 14 well-spent hours, I cannot wait for more from this developer - whether it is more Melobolgia or anything else."
,Recommended,318860,20151173,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mcz,"Pros:+ nice visual style+ great atmosphere+ easy combat+ fun to play in general+ good price+ nice storytelling+ decent overall storycons:- achievements can be buggy if you care about them- you never know if you missed something until you realise you are running around for an hour without making any progress. The game does tell you what to do but not very clearly (my biggest hurdle was when I was told to go to the senate but once I dealt with that I was wandering around not knowing what to do until I found out that there are !!2!! senates and I have to visit both).rating: 6/10, good game"
,Recommended,318860,22852775,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DeadlyKiŦŦen,"An amazing cinematic yet short experience, the story whilst lacking in depths execution made me sit on the edge of my chair wanting to know what is going to happen.Pros:Well crafted story + story tellingCombat system inspired by Dark Souls yet still unique8 Bosses and 8 Mini-bosses, plenty of contentInteresting maze puzzle archetypeCons:Lag at one point even though not graphically intensiveSome enemies / bosses are uninspiring and not fun to fightVirtually no animationsGraphical style might not appeal to allCombat system is very clunkyShould you buy this game? Yes, it is well worth the price, playing the game you can easily look past all of the flaws and have a good time."
76561198067339392,Not Recommended,318860,23508560,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,prof dresser,"I'm sad to say that I don't really want to recommend this game. I appreciate the aesthetic, and I knew it was meant to be challenging going in. But the game fundamentals didn't work for me. Ultimately, it boils down to the incessant pausing that occurs throughout combat. It makes the combat frustrating and clunky.Combat works fairly simply: a basic weapon attack, a strong weapon attack, and an attack with your torch. A lot of the combat is built around the timing and maneuvering of your attacks versus the enemy's. Reading their attack signals is important as it lets you know to move out of the way or try to time your block. Okay, it's all fine so far. That's not a bad system. The game also seems to try to add a claustrophobic tension by having you fight often in cramped quarters versus large opponents. Again, a fairly neat idea.Where it falls apart for me, however, is the way that all strikes and blocks cause the action to freeze for what feels like nearly a half a second. There's no obvious beneficial reason for this pause--my best conjecture is that it's an ""action-enhancing"" effect--but it results in some serious complications regarding the combat. As the combat revolves around the timing of attacks and blocks, these pauses inhibit my ability to ""feel"" the timing. Take a common scenario: I attack, but my opponent has also begun its attack animation. I feel that I can still block it once my attack animation finishes. However, successfully landing the strike has caused the pause effect to happen. I now have miliseconds to successfully trigger a block, but now, instead of timing it from the beginning of the attack animation, I have to time it from the end of the pause, which creates an even shorter window and that's if I manage to guess when the pause ends. The typical result of all of this is me missing my window and taking yet another hit.I suppose if my attacks broke the enemy attack animation, there wouldn't be a problem, but they don't. Also, I'm sure that there are those of you out there who are able to compensate for the pause and still pull of the block. I'm not saying no one can do it. I'm saying I can't. I tried to get better at it, but it ended up just making me mad.There's some very cool ideas in here, and I really wanted to expore more, but I don't like to spend my free time doing things that make me mad. I know I've got less than 2 hours of play time on the game, but that's split over three play sessions, each of which had to end when I found myself actually yelling at the screen. (And no, that's not a common occurrence for me.) This left me with an upleasant experience and as a result I can't, in good faith, recommend the title."
,Not Recommended,318860,20850933,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dumle,"I can see what they were trying to do with this game. There is some charm and atmosphere to the visuals and there appears to be an alright enemy variety. The environments are pretty similar to each other though and it is easy to get lost in the levels you are in. You do get a map though.But the big problem is the combat. It is clunky, stiff and very basic. It is simply not very fun and for me it destroyed the charm of exploring the castle and fighting bosses and mobs.I can see how some might look passed this and enjoy the game for its charm. But i would not recommend the game to a friend for the price that they are asking. I can see it being worth a try if you think the game looks interesting and you find it for the right price."
,Not Recommended,318860,15735395,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Rob,"Absolutely disappointing.The description and preview hype it up to be some sort of thriller cel-shaded dungeon crawler meets a Souls game.. to compare it to something as great as the Souls series is almost insulting. This game is extremely basic. The combat is mildly similar to the Souls games, but without any real mechanics except ""attack-jump/dodge-attack-attack"" can win EVERY BATTLE. Even the bosses, which are laughably easy. I couldn't bother myself to finish this. Waste of $12. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,318860,25042943,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sire,"A great aesthetic but ruined by poor gameplay.Malebolgia cribs heavily off of the Dark Souls series, high risk high reward gameplay where death is going to be common. Sadly, the controls are way too clunky for paces it puts you through. Movement is very basic and the controls match, you have a Lock-On button, Guard and Attack button. The game falls apart when it comes to combat, your guard and attack buttons won't do anything unless you're locked onto an enemy, this is bad because there's some enemy attacks (grabs) which will automatically break your guard, and locking back on doesn't always work. All of your attacks are slow and cumbersome and you don't get a dodge roll. Dying in the game doesn't feel like you messed up, but rather the character didn't do what you wanted it to which is frustrating at best.Other than that the art and sound create a great atmosphere but the palace itself is too copy and paste, and rooms get reused a lot, leading you to become lost easily. Animations on everything are also very poor and look incredibly amature. With a little extra polish the game could be a nice little jem. As it stands I can't recommend it. Dark Souls gameplay stems from it's high level of execution of mechanics, everything is very responsive, but that can't be said for Malebolgia though it gives it a college try."
,Recommended,318860,15777678,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zimtallist,"A highly atmospheric exploration game with simple, yet serviceable combat. The bosses are all quite unique and have interesting tricks that ensure you'll die a few times before you master the fight. The palace of Malebolgia is vast, creepy and a ton of fun to explore. The exploration is very ""metroidvania"", you'll cover the same ground a lot with different enemies or barriers introduced to keep it fresh. It's not really a horror game, there were a couple of parts that made me jump and overall it's sort of spooky how quiet and empty most of the palace is but I have a very low tolerance for scary games and I never had an issue while playing this. The game is sort of short, only about 5 hours if you explore pretty thoroughly, but it's also pretty cheap so it evens out. If you're looking for a cool exploration experience I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,318860,18381244,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LancerECNM,"This isn't the game you think it is. Tense, exacting combat completely divorced from numbers punctuates our hero's lonely wandering. Through suffocating darkness, lock eyes with the rare denizens of the palace, never quite sure when you are or are not in danger.Controls are a bit weird, though. And try not to laugh at your silly hat."
76561197999630956,Recommended,318860,13263147,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,woodchunkz,"Great atmosphere. Combat system was also really good, though, felt a slight bit stiff at times, and the targeting system was having a bit of a problem when it came to the last boss of the demo. Also the main character's walk/run animation is kind-of silly. Only thing I can say I really didn't like though were the spiders, in spite of how well designed they were. Goddamn, those things were straight out of nightmares, they were."
,Recommended,318860,24379943,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hattori,"So lets get the bad stuff out of the way first:Malebolgia is a one man project and it shows. From the clunky and janky control and combat, to the very simple design of the castle and repetition of assets.However, if you can get past all of that, you will find a very interesting and creative game.Its a mixture of Dark Souls with Resident Evil, where you explore a castle not unlike the mansion of Resident Evil 1.It takes inspiration from the imagery of Dante's Divine Comedy, more specifically the Inferno part.You are a knight trapped in what seems like a feverish dream or purgatory and you must deal with the mistakes of your past while facing and avoiding beats and demons from your own personal hell.The story is vague and very unintrusive, but it gives you just enough detils to make you search for the answers and get a full picture of what exactly is going on in this castle.But really what shines is the atmosphere. The castle truly feels haunted , with paintings of religious and mythology motifs hanging everywhere, giving you subtext and suconscious details about the story, and you are forced to use a torch in this pitch black place. And the janky combat system serves its purpose as well, like Silent Hill or other japanese survival horror games, where the difficult controls are used to enhance the tension and dread of facing every enemy.If you find this game on a sale, do pick it up if you are into cool experiences, I truly wish that the guy who made this had a bigger budget/team to take it to the next level.But, if you are the kind of person who gets extremely frustrated from wrestling with controls and backtracking, then dont bother."
76561197997422289,Recommended,318860,21864262,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Twiste Minds,Damn beautiful game. Got very invested in the story and found the atmosphere and sound to be perfect for the setting. Wasn't a moment I wanted to stop. Kept playing to see where it was all going.
76561198028988454,Recommended,318860,26225601,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zaellia,"Malebolgia is a very interesting game. I started it and was very positive to play it, seeing it's souls-like combat and style of exploration. The beginning is fairly easy and eases you in well, but about when you get to the 2nd boss, this game slams you in the face with how it really is. Hard as crap! But I persevered through the difficulty, and through some hard work, sweat, blood, and tears (and some raging!), I found the most amazing thing happened. By the end of the game, I was destroying everything with the skills that the middle of the game taught me to use to get past those hard as hell bosses!  The main downside is that the combat can feel clunky, and there's not much point to fighting normal enemies besides to get them out of your way.Overall, I had a great time and would like to see more of this! I played the whole thing on my channel, and you can check it out if you want to see what it's like! But if you're interested, I'd say play it! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNOUvRJ9PTs&list=PL6xp9bm1CcL2sCYoKhAB0whTK7Aba0i3LRating: The Beast/10!"
,Recommended,318860,18488096,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Seraph,Catch the video review below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEdqDKyrTnAFeedback appreciated.
,Recommended,318860,17116156,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"This game is not perfect. It's got some strangeness to it. but it has a sense of being, a personality and a really cool one to boot. I keep hearing people comparing it to this and that and I find it mostly harmful, but if you think of it as a mystery, a game you have never played, that you know very little about, it will find a place in your heart, and it will gnaw away at it. i give it a score of WTF/Oooooohhhh!"
76561198032231006,Recommended,318860,13974845,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Grahf,"The atmosphere and layout really are what compelled me to try it, and eventhough there's no experience points or weapon/armor discovery( there are instant upgrades when discovered) that simplicity actually makes the immersive element shine in contrast.  since its still in a very early stage, I personally look forward to seeing it refine/grow."
,Recommended,318860,15057389,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bonsewswesa,"It's a little like the Souls games, a little like the original Resident Evil, it's very cel-shaded and I like it. Combat's a little stiff but I got used to it after a short while, it's very deliberate and good timing is needed. It's got a very eerie atmosphere, good music and an interesting plot. Yes, the animations aren't particularly fluid but considering this is a one-person project I'm fine with that. This is the only game I've played/seen that is described as similar to the Souls games that actually gets thefeelof them. The unease due to enemies hiding behind corners, the tense combat/boss fights, the huge relief when you find a new save point, opening shortcuts etc. I really like it and not to be reductive but this is the game that made me excited to play Bloodborne after being put off by Dark Souls II.Most of the game takes place inside a giant mansion-like palace (in Ice Hell obviously) and has you going from room to room, sometimes looking for keys (thankfully not hard to find in the dark), a lot of the time exploring and a decent amount of backtracking. I didn't have trouble with it as I didn't really get lost much and the map, while somewhat different (kind of looks like the map in Dead Space but is a bit more readable than that) still helped when I did.There are a good number/variety of fun boss fights with nice music accompanying them, giving a decent 5-7 hours of enjoyment, some interesting locations and thankfully some dedication to its theme. No breaking the mood for trash internet humour here.Obviously there are some bugs because it's early access but even so, if any of what I've said sounds like your kind of thing, I'd say pick it up.Note: I probably won't edit this if anything changes, it was originally written on 26/03/2015 and I've already beaten it so I most likely won't be replaying it any time soon."
,Recommended,318860,21771313,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hawk Zombie,"While I personally was NOT a fan of the combat system, there is a great game here."
76561197982133007,Not Recommended,318860,28966880,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr.Saturn,"The only reason I'm not requesting a refund is the game wasn't even 2 bucks... but it's just bad.The art style is cool but the game feels like a beta version of Demon Souls which, after playing Dark Souls and beyond, felt like a beta for the Dark Souls series.All the game really needs to be better is more refined combat - but for a game that is entirely centered around combat, I can't recommend it.One super annoying detail is that the tutorials that try to encompass multiple game controllers by telling you ""Press ""XXX"" or ""YYY"" to block/attack/roll/etc."" while you are IN COMBAT.  It's impossible to read, comprehend, and accomplish what they are trying to tell you (plus neither of the two buttons worked in some cases and I'm just using a PS3 controller)."
,Recommended,318860,15734030,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Slick Fingarz,"for a full release it feels fairly unfinished, that being said, I think I'll stick with it for a while, it's interesting."
76561198037792793,Not Recommended,318860,28612877,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"I really wanted to like this game. I consume Souls-like games like water and oxygen, but awful controls, bland and repetitive dugeon design, and total lack of direction even for a souls game make this impossible for me to enjoy. I played through a few hours of it with my friend on his steam, and the game never really got into a rhythm I enjoyed. I felt like I was just fighting with the game every step of the way."
,Not Recommended,318860,23414337,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[WRWC] Shrug Lord,If you're looking for a game that is far far too hard to play.. this is it. I hope you don't have the reaction time of a human and possess a christ like reflex because to beat the opening tutorial you need it.
,Not Recommended,318860,21010910,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,lemon,"Been looking to by this since it was released and finally did and was extremely disappointed. The framerate is in the 20-50 range all the time, the audio is completely screwed up, and it's really clunky because of it. It's unplayable."
,Recommended,318860,16990162,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[CKLL] Miley Cyrus,"This is a seriously rad game. I don't write a lot of reviews; hopefully that gives you an idea of how good this is that I took the time to.In brief; a perfectly minimalist Dark Souls game, and a hell of a one man show."
,Recommended,318860,26441878,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JEMcG,"Malebolgia is an action game that uses heavily influence from Dark Souls (slow, animation locked combat, vague story) with exploration that feels like classic Resident Evil and cel-shaded visuals.I feel that many might find the combat clunky - I certainly did at first, but as time went on I warmed it in a big way and enjoyed the way it played. It's slower than Dark Souls, and due to the lack of a stamina bar it's much more about timing. You can't hold up your block, it's a fixed animation that must be timed. Your attacks and dodges are similar.The bosses and enemies all have different attacks and it is mostly about learning their patterns. Every boss bar one killed me several times. For me it was very satifying to take them down.Exploration takes place in a large mansion. At first it was very disorientating as much of it looks the same. You get a map, and with a little time it did start to come together in my head. I found unlocking more of the palace fun and feel that the initial disorientation added to this. Later areas are more varied too, which was nice.I'd say the high point of Malebolgia is the atmosphere. The drone-like music was unobtrusive but unsettling and the beautiful low-poly cell-shaded graphics fit in well. You feel the dread that infects the palace.The story is vague. Unlike Dark Souls, where the story is easy to grasp but the lore needs digging out - the lore is integral to what is happening. It's also difficult to figure out and as such I won't pretend I fully understand the story. It certainly added to the atmosphere, but it meant that events had less impact than they should have.My main critism of the game is that they have just missed the balance that Dark Souls strikes between not hand-holding and not giving enough direction. The Dark Souls games are set over a vast landscape where you clearly have to travel over it to proceed. Malebolgia takes place in one large palace that changes in each chapter. In the first chapters this is fine as you discover more of the palace, but later when you have discovered it all and the game wants to reexplore certain rooms, this can often lead to you wandering around for some time.There is also one horrible example where you have to hit a wall, although you have NEVER done this before and never will again. You will need to look up where it is, I'm not really sure how anyone could stumble across it.Overall I would say that if you're a fan of mysterious and tough games (y'know like Dark Souls) then pick this up. It's a little rough around the edges and takes a little getting into, but overall I enjoyed the experience and thought it was worth the price."
,Recommended,318860,23408846,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Maline,"Forget what evey other review tries to tells you""Combat system blah blah!""Well, yes, the combat system IS different. But also, this GAME is different. You see, the combat in this game is more realistic, for some reason, it reminds me of Dark Souls, horribly difficult, and nearly no respawn points. However, the combat system does have one major flaw, ""Health regen"". There are no healing abilities or items :/Anyways, moving on, this game has a beautiful backstory and a really dark atmosphere. Sound, is ""ok"", I can see it was going for a ""quiet"" theme, however having some sort of ambience would be nice as well.I bought this game on sale for $1.29. I personally would have bought this game at full price, because I am a fan of these types of games, but I know that MOST people aren't. Buying this game on sale, ""definitely"" Buying this game at full price, Maybe, if you have money to spend, but if you are trying to conserve money, there are some other titles that will return the price you put into it."
,Recommended,318860,17345749,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Timba3olf,"Sometimes, when I'm alone, I repeat the name of this game to myself over and over with relish."
,Not Recommended,318860,15743708,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,CjuGames,"As of right now, I don't think I can recommend this game... Yet.It has the groundwork for being something quite special, but in its current state, it's a little disappointing.People will undoubtedly compare this to games like Dark Souls, and while they are similar, this game falls quite flat in comparison. As it currently stands, combat is simple and quite frankly, leaves a lot to be desired. Attacking an enemy usually involves attacking, retreating/parrying, attack, retreat/parry until one of you dies and it feels very much like you're just going through the motions against most enemies with little challenge.Something that I think needs to be looked at is the tutorial text for controls. In the opening combat segment and in the books, you are shown buttons for controllers, but occasionally the game seems to forget to tell you which button to press on a keyboard.Here are some of my personal likes and dislikes so far -LIKES:The cel shaded look is quite appealing.The lighting is excellentThe map systemMonster/Enemy variationHealth regeneration (quite unique)DISLIKES:Limited / simplistic combat maneuversTutorial text sometimes does not show keyboard controlsNo real sense of story/direction (to start with, at least)Not all that scary.Sound FX seem a little dull.TL;DR - I believe with a few tweaks and fixes, this game would definitely be worth your time, but at the moment of writing this, I would recommend you save your money until it has been updated and polished a little bit.My first experience -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qNJX5nwocA"
,Not Recommended,318860,15744939,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jumpman,"Game runs poorly, functions poorly and is extremely unoriginal. The fighting is poorly done. There is a blocking function that doesn't work properly. Your character will block the attack, but the enemy will continue to try and hit you. Whenever you block though, you will be stuck in that animation for a second and your character is too slow to follow up a block with an attack, so you will have to back up when an enemy attacks and then move in immediately to hit them. It's poor design and looks even worse in practice. If you try to continue your game, you will have to go through the intro fight every time for some reason. The graphics are terrible. It's probably on par with a playstation game. I wouldn't mind so much if the gameplay would actually function. This is supposed to be a finished product, but it is far from finished. I've run into numerous bugs, one which included not being able to exit the game when I tried pushing the button a few times, but when I exited the pause menu it quits to the main menu and continues to loop as if the game is continually exiting from the time I pushed the exit button a few times.Why would this game be released in this state? It's still in early access and needs a lot of work."
,Recommended,318860,23600841,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Munithe EXT,hi i bought this game because it can open a real life portal to helland guess what it did
76561197993344508,Recommended,318860,15716997,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Yoshichan,Absolutely fantastic! Recommended!
,Not Recommended,318860,26332547,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Eternal Darkness,Crap game.3/10 - and i know this game could've been better.
,Recommended,318860,23631888,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,EmoTheKid,"I highly recommend this game!While it may be slow at the beginning, the map might be a bit confusing and places often look very similar, the game has a striking atmosphere, epic, and I mean EPIC battles and an intriguing Story. [While the Story is very Dark Souls-ish, as you are told only little vague bits and pieces, but it gets very exciting at times]The gameplayis, I think, best played with a controller. [Funny, because Dark Souls is also best played with a controller.]But anyway, you have a quick light attack, a heavy attack, a quick block and a back/side-dash. While, as I said, at first it will seem slow, the enemies repetetiv and akward, as well as the combat. But only at first glance. After you have played it for a little bit and have killed some Monsters, you will get the hang of it. You have to leran the moves of your enemies and you have allways the choice, to block, dash sideways or back. One of those options might give you another chance to attack,but not allways, sometimes you will even get hard. Because of that, the bosses are by far the best part of the gameplay.If I had to say something bad about the game, it would be, that exploring the castle is pretty much pointless. You only need to find the next story-parts [keys, bosses etc] and the only thing you may find is a little sideboss or health.The atmosphere [and story]is stunning: You are going through your castle, inhabited now by some Ogres, monsters and demons, most of the time the only lightsource being your torch. The atmosphere is just amazing. As much as the story goes... dont expect [to understand] too much, but dont expect to little.So, it is a bit rough around the edges, but a very enjoyable experience. I mean, I got it for 1€, though in my opinion it would be worth the full price. Oh, and it is quite hard."
76561198094792563,Recommended,318860,23612697,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Fairy Hamble Babi o(❛ᴗ❛)o,"[This is a hybrid review for both Malebolgia and the sickness spreading on Steam]*there are better dedicated reviews around here ^.^*Hi there! ^.^/~I noticed something here recently...Bought this game while it has ""blue rating"" both overall and recently.Suddenly it gets into sale and voila!! 'Mixed' in less than a week. VOI-LA!! \^o^/!!NOTE: **I bought this having finished both Dark Souls and Dante's Inferno.**When I finally bought Malebolgia w/ an indie price, I was expecting an indie-level gameplay that has rich story to back it up.I bought it FOR those. And it delivers.The whole concept being a metaphor of Dante's Inferno while giving the feel of Dark Souls.And a lot of negative reviews attack both elements, mostly the latter.'Backtracking'? 'Clunky animation when getting hit'?^ Those are called for. They are present here!! nuuuuuuu!! \@o@/!!But to downvote the game!? the WHOLE game!? @O@!!!??Some even say the gameplay is too hard.Oh, please.... :)i could whine and ramble on, but--please, just go play your ""i know cheaper games that are better than this"". Yes, please. ...srsly ^.^Want a dark theme story? ✓Check!✓ \^o^/Interested in the story of the famous litera of Dante Alighieri? ✓Check!!✓ \^o^/!!Interested in the Dante's Inferno console game? @.@....... ""but it's an arcade hack&slash""........""I want a game more focused on the story of the Inferno than making combos!!! (/´△`＼) ...""Right!! Hell's demons aren't meant to be combo'ed!! silly~ (≧∇≦)Facing them should be hard like in Dark Souls......... .....@.@.......... @O@!!!!!!!!!!!Malebolgia offers a *unique* mix of 2 *rare* contents at an *original* ratio, w/ the final product's quality more or less in justice with the price.(btw, if you're curious how ""broken"" the ""controls"" are, search a gameplay vid, you'll uncover why this game is getting a lot of 'not recommended' reviews, albeit undeserved)***Don't buy the game if it's not your type just because it got such an attractive discount, sooner or later you're gonna break the rating system***"
,Not Recommended,318860,23460686,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"Honestly not a great game. I can't say much in terms of play time, or how interesting it is throughout, or if the story/ending is enjoyable... Because I never made it past the first level. I never got to a point where I even had a weapon, outside of the tutorial.While I'm talking about the tutorial, I should say, it's quite terrible. It has you fighting an enemy with button promts telling you what to do, but sometimes the prompts are on screen for literally half a second, not even close to enough time to read the. Trying to figure out the controls on your own/reading the promt one word at a time gets annoying, but once you figure out what to do, the game gets no less annoying.The controls are very clunky and the timing of combat feels rather slilted. Maybe this is something one could get used to, but I wouldn't know as once I completed the short but frustrating turorial and started the main game, I got nowhere. It appears to start you off without a weapon, and I wandered around the assumed castle several times, each time dying because I couldn't figure out where to find a weapon. I even wondered into a boss room by mistake, and it turns out boss rooms lock you in when you enter, so I just had to stand there and let myself die so I could reset. I'm a fan of games not hand-holding more than they have to, bit this was a bit much. Being told what to do constantly isn't fun, but wandering around not nowing where to go and not being able to do anything isn't fun either. The most I could do is walk around rooms and hallways, light candles with my torch (I never did figure out if this was benifical in any way or not...) and maybe unlock a door with a key every once in a while (which resets when you die, by the way). I'd like to tell you if the game gets better, but based on the tutorial fight, I wasn't really eager to wander the dark castle halls for another half an hour to aqquire a sword or something so I could find out if the clunky combat is worth getting used to.Visually, this game is actually quite nice. It may not be for everyone, but I find the simple, minimalist art design to be a rather interesting one, and everything that I did see looked pretty good. For what I assume is a low-budget indie game, the visuals and art took a smart direction and did what it could with less, and did it well. But bear in mind I did not see much of the game. The animations for your character aren't the best, but they're not game-breakingly bad or anything. I could have easily looked past it if controlling your character at least felt good. The enemy animation that I saw was honestly not too bad, although I imagine I only saw a fraction of the enemies in the game.I will also note that there is no option to turn down the music volume, only the master volume. While the music wasn't bad, it was a little louder than I would have liked it, and I would have liked to be able to turn it down without also turning down the sound effects of enimies and such.Overall, I can't recomend this game. It's simply not fun to play. If you really want to give it a shot, I won't tell you to avoid it at all costs. It looks nice and could be fun if it controlled well. But approch with caution."
