user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,318970,21194065,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fume,"Introduction: (Click Read More and scroll to bottom to see the shortened version)After spending 70+ hours and hitting L100 in StarCrawlers on Hardcore I felt that I had enough experience to write a review, so let’s begin.What is StarCrawlers? Well, StarCrawlers is a sci-fi dungeon crawler that puts you in the shoes of a Crawler in a galaxy where megacorps control the lives of the billions teeming in the galaxy. What does being a Crawler entail? Well, every now and then corps need a few dirty jobs done in order to expand and Crawlers are often the individuals they contact in order to do so. If you’ve ever played Shadowrun, this universe gives similar vibes.Rundown:-	Graphics: When exploring the environments are detailed, crisp, and the lighting is appropriate for the locations (If it’s too dark, the flashlight is quite nice [F]). Occasionally graphical glitches or rendering issues will appear but these happen rarely. In combat game has a fair bit of beautiful eye candy when it comes to some class abilities (Void Psyker comes to mind as does a fully leveled Hacker activating Ex Machina.)-	Combat: The game is turn based with the order of the characters being dictated by combat initiative. Characters spend TU with their skills and are placed in the timeline of characters depending on the amount of TU spent. Combat is based of of skill which have a % chance to hit, as of now I feel that the percentages feel rather accurate, though this being a % based game you may have a string of unlucky misses or hopefully lucky hits. Leveling is a bit of a slog at first, you’ll probably want to stick to cakewalk missions for the first 10 levels or so and avoid any pirate levels. Classes have some very nice interactions between them leading to some very satisfying combos once you hit the level necessary to do so.-	Exploration/Interaction: Environments are procedurally generated so there it doesn’t feel like such a slog jogging down that same pathway for the next 10 missions. Current environments include facilities/mines/offices/labs/ship interiors.  If your cursor goes orange when you mouse over an object you can interact with said object. You can do things from picking up credsticks, hacking terminals, looting, disabling traps to unlocking secret rooms with bosses that have sweet loot.Assessment:Graphics: 8.5/10It’s a pretty game but some graphical glitches hold it back.(It’s early access though, keep that in mind.)Combat: 7/10 -> 8.5/10The first 7 levels will be the worst period of your Crawler experience as some classes need around 3 maxed skills to come online, but if you can tough it out you’ll be rewarded from that point onwards.Exploration: 10/10Tons of things to interact with, procedurally generated environment means no two maps will ever be the same. Different corps means different aesthetics; you might have waterfalls and plants from Agrigen/GalaxyMart or lab equipment from JinYin Biotech. Some maps also feature transitions; a mine map may start off in the mine but certain sections will possess interiors akin to an office map.Conclusion:I’ve loved the game so far, from someone who’s grown up with the Wizardry series and Shadowrun it’s refreshing to have a game that caters to both tastes. The game isn’t the only thing that you can appreciate though, the developers are constantly releasing new content and listening to the feedback created by the community. I feel it’s worth every penny.(EDITED: Was missing a colon, punctuation ofc, and some spelling errors had to be fixed.)"
,Recommended,318970,32064355,Posted: 30 May,all,Ermilalex,"Star Crawlers is a first-person dungeon-crawling RPG with rogue-like elements and turn-based combat, set in an environment that is somewhat unusual for the genre, namely in a cyberpunk setting. The entire game, including story missions, takes place on a series of space ships and stations, to which we can get access through the main hub – kind of similarly to how Darkest Dungeon handles things, and the similarities, however faint they might be, don't end here.Just like Darkest Dungeon, the game can be loosely divided into 2 sub-sections: the hub area, where you can hire new crawlers and upgrade your gear, as well as take new assignments, buy new equipment and auction off the rare things that you've found previously, manage your relations with numerous corporations, and progress the main story, which I'll talk about later.The second section, that makes up most of the game, is actual ""crawling"" – heading to missions (either pre-programmed or randomly generated), fighting enemies and looting, and, in general, making use of all the resources you've spent upgrading your heroes.Arguably the most important thing that you can do in between the missions is managing your heroes. There are at least 8 playable classes (7 available from the beginning) with 2 gender variations for each one, each one with a unique set of abilities, divided into 3 different upgrade trees (usually grouped by some sort of attribute), which lends each hero some degree of diversity and allows them to synergize with any other one. I am not sure if you can hire any of them more than once, since I don't really know how this game handles characters' deaths (haven't lost a single party member in 37 hours of playing), but they are definitely not as disposable as in aforementioned Darkest Dungeon.Even though the roles are defined very loosely thanks to the different upgrade trees, every crawler has a set of specific uses on the battlefield (healing, control, debuffing, etc.) that should be taken into consideration when creating party compositions, since you can only send out 4 at a time.Aside from having a different role in combat, every class also has a number of things they can do while exploring. Ran into a locked door? Let your Hacker deal with it. Found an impressive-looking gem? The Smuggler will know how to estimate its value and where to find a customer. Some of these require an ability check (with success chance depending on how much you have invested in a certain skill tree), while some just require that you have a character of a certain class in your party.There are many more examples of such interactions, and even the most boring heroes (like, say, the Soldier) have something to do outside of combat,especiallyin story missions, all of which consist of hand-designed puzzles and encounters. It's also worth noting that your party members can all take part in conversations (appropriately to their characters) and try to influence your decisions during the main quest.Unlike most games of the genre, Star Crawlers actually has a main quest, giving the player a goal and a purpose for completing missions and finding better equipment, so that it's not just grinding for the sake of grinding. What makes it even better, this game has a non-linear story with a number of choices to make and a few major players to side with. The dialogue is pretty well-written (there is a typo every once in a while, but it's not a big deal) and captivating, the choices are meaningful (or seem to be so), and the story missions themselves are well-crafted, with (rather simple) puzzles to solve, secrets to find and bosses to defeat.Another thing that can keep most rogue-like players going is loot. You can find a variety of different weapons and armor types, some of which are more suitable for certain classes, playstyles and party compositions, during both main and side missions. And upgrading your gear is absolutely crucial, since the enemies will become tougher as you level up, and most of your abilities scale with weapon damage. It is also worth noting that all at the start of combat you are taken out of the tile-based map and placed on a separate arena, so avoiding all enemy encounters is also not an option.So, in the end, we have a pretty solid game in an unsusual setting, with a fun tactical combat, high replayability due to procedurally generated content and a non-linear story, interesting exploration thanks to character interactions, and an overall great and addicting gaming experience. If you are a cyberpunk fan or are just looking for a rogue-like to play, you should definitely give Star Crawlers a closer look.Disclamer: as you might have noticed, English is not my native language, so feel free to point out any mistakes you find."
,Not Recommended,318970,32165773,Posted: 3 June,all,Frozen Ray,"It would be a good game, if it had any depth at all.The more I play it, the more it feels like I've seen everything it has to offer in the first 20 minutes or so. Sure, you'll be gaining levels, unlocking new skills, and advancing through the story, but the basic gameplay will stay the same. Here is what's wrong with StarCrawlers, in my opinion (compared to other dungeon crawlers, RPGs and turn-based games in general):1) All battles are functionally the same, and there is no actual diversity between enemy compositions. While even in simpliest jRPGs you have to decide ""do I want to focus the damage on opponent's damage dealer first, or spread the AOE damage to finish the battle faster, or disable the problematic enemy"", etc, here there are dudes with slightly more hp and dudes with slightly less hp, and sometimes some enemies have some shields (which makes no difference at all for some of your party compositions). I do not expect each battle to be a truly unique puzzle, but surely there is no reason to repeat the same ""3 identical Space Mites"" battle 50 times in a row, over several different side-missions.2) All the decisions in battle are trivial, regardless of your party (thanks to the ability to respec, I had a chance to try various builds). The most common enemy composition is ""3-4 mobs of the same type"", so it doesn't even matter what you are targeting. There is just one optimal sequence of actions that you discover in your 1st or 2nd battle with your group of choice, and you can stick to it in every battle. Surely you can bump the difficulty and make battles ""harder"" by tweaking some numbers in opponent's favor, but it won't actually force you to think about your actions. I don't even want to compare the strategic depth with games like Darkest Dungeon, because the StarCrawlers basically lacks the thing to compare.3) Battles feel tedious, since they are not particularly thrilling, but are relatively long (even with quick animations turned on). A trivial battle where your opponent does ~0 damage to your entire party can take half a minute instead of a few seconds (like it should), there are dozens of battles like this, and each of them rewards you with almost nothing. At some point I had to unequip a weapon that does more DPS simply because its animation was longer (multiple slow-ish shots per enemy), and it made boring battles even more boring.Some serious redesign is required to unlock this game's potential. Avoid it for now."
76561198007963460,Not Recommended,318970,32721923,Posted: 24 June,all,Dire Llama,"Sadly, I'm completely baffled by the rave reviews here. Yes, the faction system is surprisingly deep, and yes, the classes are inventive. But that's about where it ends...- The visuals are dated. No biggie.- While the ambient sounds and effects are nice, the music is bad. YMMV, of course. Thankfully, it can be muted.- The user interface is plain atrocious, going out of its way to hide important information. This is escpecially true during combat.- Despite the interesting-on-paper class abilities, combat mostly involves spamming the same 2 or 3 abilities.- Dungeons are basically a slog through repititious hordes of near-identical enemies.- Dungeons are won or lost through attrition. Healing items are prohibitively expensive, and there is no 'healing' class in the cleric sense. The best you can get from an ability is a mild regeneration effect. This leads to bizarre situations where you will find find yourself low on health in the middle of a dungeon and have to think long and hard if you want to spend a medkit to heal a single character for about a quarter of their health or abort the mission - because the price for the medkit is higher than the reward you would get for completing the mission.Unfortunately, the game is simply not fun. I cannot recommend it in good faith."
76561198032050649,Recommended,318970,31927079,Posted: 23 May,all,Tsugoi-72,"Wow, I played this game 67 hours?If you are looking for a quick review: I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the ol' school RPG stylings of Might and Magic or Wizardry. At it's core, this is a turn based combat system focused on strategic use of team skills and skill tree choices. It is based in a Sci-Fi setting where you are essentially a mercenary/scavenger, which I found a refreshing twist considering StarCrawler's obvious RPG influences.Long Review:When RPS did an early access review of StarCrawlers, I picked it up on a whim. I was interested in playing a Might and Magic throwback game (turn based, 4 PC dungeon crawl). I found this and more.Starcrawlers went through several different revamps, looking to polish an identity that started with a strong core. There is a fun, Cyberpunk/Sci-Fi anti-hero vibe in the main story arc that places you as a Space Mercenary who is free to chose... not good an evil really, but the shade of gray you feel most comfortable with.The art is fun and whimsicle, the classes have interesting builds, and the combat ends up benefitting from the depth of both. There are some classes and builds I found through trial and error that crushed the system, but that is also traditional in ol'school delving games.Some of the levels are a delight with interesting mazes or puzzles, others not so much, but in the end you will find hours of enjoyment if you like the style of game this represents.Kudos to the Dev team! I really enjoyed this retro-RPG in a Sci-Fi/Cyberpunk Space Opera."
,Recommended,318970,31937830,Posted: 24 May,all,Styke,"Surprisingly good, despite it's movement mechanics feeling odd at first. It's an amazingly chill dungeon crawler with quite a bit of depth to it.A solid recommendation and a good value, I look forward to seeing more from these devs.Codes found so far:3D242-F4345-ECA58835AB-C9D26-73987Redeem them in-game at the black market vendor for rare gear."
76561198020586501,Recommended,318970,16473004,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scribbles,"This is clearly an unfinished title, but it's seriously shaping up to be a classic. It is in a playable and fun state right now, but there are features missing, so be warned. There's a lot more here than just killing and looting. The interface is excellent, the combat is fun, and the dungeon crawling experience is actually more enjoyable than Grimrock's in my opinion. Little multiple choice popups allow you to flesh out your team's personality throughout the game. Different factions that ooze personality contact you to do their dirty work. The game looks amazing, feels amazing, and is a ton of fun.If you can't wait there's no harm in buying it. That said, I would suggest you do wait until it comes out. It still needs a lot of work, but what's there is a very solid foundation and a lot of fun gameplay."
,Recommended,318970,18449332,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,I am a robot,"A Hacker, a CyberNinja and a Smuggler walk into a bar. They get a mission to steal some stuff for a nameless, faceless corporation that made a mistake with technology that shouldn't exist. They leave, and on the way find a killer robot named Sparky. Sparky likes to read Haikus and explain how he's superior to fleshy mortals. They band together to fight in the name of making more money. In the future, no one can hear you scream unless you have credits.Early Access is a little bit of a crapshoot. On the one hand you're trying to support a developer so they can make a game you want. On the other hand you're being given an unfinished game so you can provide feedback and hopefully enjoy it a bit.With this in mind StarCrawlers is well worth what they're charging. There simply aren't a lot of first person POV dungeon crawlers being made nowadays for the PC (most are on consoles and of them most haven't been translated to English), and the most successful series in recent memory (Grimrock) is real-time. You go into weird places, fight robots and aliens, take stuff that isn't nailed down and sell it. Rinse and repeat, you've got everything from The Bard's Tale to Might and Magic X with as little in-between you and a rare suit of armor with three more adjectives than is humanly needed.They've clearly put in a lot of thought into classes and skills, and the interplay between different combinations of the two reflects a lot of work on balancing them. You likely will want at least two class/skill combinations that can do damage, but you can pick from buffing, debuffing, shielding or tanking among the rest. Even with a ""pure"" DPS setup like the Combination CyberNinja you get to play around with the battle system a lot.With all of this, even with an unfinished game there is a ton of fun to be had here. I'll be happy when they implement mission saves, and there are still bugs to be found and reported. If you're ok with that you'll get more than you're money's worth."
,Not Recommended,318970,33052852,Posted: 30 June,all,Ana,"Even for the standard of a dungeon crawler this game gets grindy and repetitive very quickly and doesn't provide the gameplay depth to distract from this. Character build choices are extremely limited, as are the tilesets used for the missions. Loot is completely underwhelming; items are only small number upgrades or vendor trash. Animations and UI inputs even on the fastest setting take too long to complete and enemies turn into damage sponges quickly.A shame. The setting is fresh enough to carry the game, even though its intentional campiness gets a bit too obnoxious at times. But gameplay is king in this genre."
,Recommended,318970,30633070,Posted: 20 March,all,BradentonSlick,"I bought this even though it is Early Access because I like Dungeon crawlers but I am more of a sci-fi fan. I am very happy with my purchase. Whether YOU might like it depends on what you are expecting from the game. Let's talk about what Star Crawlers is and is NOT.Star Crawlers IS:1) A Grid based movement dungeon crawler.2) An ""RPG-Lite"": you chose between sets of backgounds and skills to make your character.3) Combat is turn based, choose an attack or ability, watch attack hit or miss target4) Good main story with options to run randomly generated side missions as long as you want to.5) Sci-fi game in which you operate a party of 4 in a cool universeWhat Star Crawlers IS NOT:1) An Open World go anywhere game.2) An indepth Role playing game with fully fleshed out characters3) An action shooterThe game DOES have a difficulty slider that works beautifully.  I really enjoy this game because it gets me my ""cyberpunk"" fix without  intense tiring action. Keeping in mind what I wrote above, if this is a game you are interested in, it is playable now but the dev has announced the game will be coming out of Early Access  soon , so you might choose to wait. UPDATE: The main story arc invoves puzzles and I am NOT a fan of puzzles. However I am completely happy ignoring the main story and running the random side missions. REALLY enjoying the game now."
76561197982196124,Recommended,318970,21530248,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rhod,"Well this game was an amazing surprise for me, i love turn-based rpg, and i have never heard of it, i decided to give it a try and i can't stop playing it, please help.Let's go with a classic pros\cons if you are wondering if its worth buying or not.Pros:-looks good-fun-good atmosphere-A sci-fi theme!-lots of different classes-randomized maps!-Pretty much bug free, i played for 10 hours and did not experience any glitch or bug.-Loots, a lot of it.-humour!-classes synergy and intersting skill trees-It is so polished you would not believe it is early access.Cons:-Can become repetitive on the long run?-The game is so good you will always want more loots, ennemy variation etc-Don't buy it before an exam, you will fail ;).TL;DR:This game is a masterpiece, if you like dungeon crawler or turn based rpg in general buy it, hell even if you don't just buy it ;)."
76561198013328690,Recommended,318970,14936865,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,rasabt,"If you like Might and Magic, Wizardy and similiar games (Legend of Grimrock to an extend), you will probably like StarCrawlers. The setting is quite refreshing, there isn't much sci-fi going on usualy, and it's realy well done here. Art-work, especialy the soundtrack, combat effects, enemy and area designes are pretty slick and engaging.Crawling is done by a team of 4, while you can have more chars, only 4 go on a mission. classes vary quite a lot: starting from a combo-point mechanic (ala WoW Rogue), to a timebending hacker, there's alot of diversety and each class currently offeres lots of diffrent skills and there are more to come.You kinda get thrown into the game and are running missions, collecting rewards, gettin rep with diffrent corps and gearing/leveling your party and it is alot of fun. The story is kinda missing currently but that's quite normal for EA.Even in it's current state StarCrawlers is well worth it's price and Juggernaut Games shows that they know their genre, cause all the basics and mechanics are already quite compelling, there might be need for numbers-tweakin further down the road, but the game is more than just playable currently."
,Recommended,318970,14975314,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,slyfuldragon,"Played this at PAX Prime 2014, glad to see Steam finally recieved this (even if it's an early access).Feels like a modern day Dungeons and Dragons: Eye of the Beholder PC games from back in the day.Tile by tile movement of the First Person RPGs of old but with free look and and modern day graphics  brings life to the old classic.Recommend getting this whether it's Early Access or if you can't warrent the purchase yet, wait until it's finished -- as it's good to see the developers continue to support this game and fixed the bugs that were at PAX Prime 2014."
,Recommended,318970,15204786,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NYKevin,"My usual criteria for buying an early access game is whether I would feel ripped off if the studio abandoned development.  For StarCrawlers, the answer is ""no.""This is, for the most part, a complete and enjoyable game.  There are occasional glitches, and the combat could probably stand further balancing, but these are minor nitpicks.  The only major missing component is the story, and while plot would enhance the game, it is not an essential element.The characters come in six classes, and their abilities are quite distinctive.  The turn-based combat is a refreshing break from the ""modern"" action-RPGs which have become popular lately, but the game also manages a few new twists on an old idea.  StarCrawlers places considerable emphasis on time management, with many abilities altering the flow of the timeline.  At the moment, most of those abilities are wielded by the player, though I imagine the developers are at least considering enemy abilities.Some elements of the developers' plan feel a bit ambitious to me.  I would recommend buying this game for what it is rather than for what it might become.  I do expect the game to improve considerably, but it's quite good now."
,Recommended,318970,31958028,Posted: 25 May,all,Ellye,"I haven't played many Dungeon Crawlers of this style before: I think I only played Shining in the Darkness, some of the earlier Might & Magic games and Legend of Grimrock, so take my review as a point-of-view from someone relatively unfamiliar with the genre.So far, I'm really enjoying this one, and I'm seeing a lot of potential for further enjoyment. By far the focus of the game is in the combat, and it's well-placed: the combat system is a turn-based CTB-style (a la Final Fantasy X, Atelier series, and others) that makes excellent use of the time-based mechanics. It also borrows some mechanics from MMORPG-style group content (like Threat and the way many support abilities work). Character progression offers different and interesting paths, it's really interesting to think of all the possible builds and party formations.There doesn't seem to be an extremely vertical increase in power of gear, most of the loot is somewhat of a sidegrade instead of an upgrade, which means further customization instead of just equipping something that's objectively better.There's an ingame codex that explain mechanics like shields, weapon stats and so on. Combat interface is pretty informative, allowing you to click on enemies for details and displaying a combat log (though I believe it could be improved, especially regarding summoned units).All in all, I'm really enjoying all the tactical potential here. Easily recommendable."
76561198048521710,Recommended,318970,32429130,Posted: 15 June,all,superbatman,"It's  a good game and worth the price, but it feels like it could have been so much more.  A lot of great concepts and elements that feel like they could have exploited to a much higher degree (upgrades for various weapons, armors, and shields; more consequences/rewards for your rep choices, a more fully developed regular and black market, etc...) Perhaps we will see some this in future updates.Mostly I liked the game, but there was one aspect that got progressively more frustrating for me as the game went on.The main character levels up after every mission, your companions only do so after the missions they complete with you. By about half way through, unless you use exactly the same team for every mission, the companions levels are starting to lag behind. The problem is the opponents' level  seems to be tied to the main character.  Thus, your companions often don't seem to have the firepower/stamina necessary to compete in some of the boss fights.Another major gripe I have is that once you get past level 20 or so, no matter what ""danger level"" of side mission you select, there's always a boss fight which will push your party to the very limit.  I feel like there need to be more cakewalk and normal missions that are easier and allow you to level up some of your lesser companions.  I've had boss fights in which some or all of my companions (who were only 3 or 4 levels below me) went from full health to dead in one turn because one or more of the boss' henchmen were armed with a super-cannon of sorts or a self destruct sequence that I couldn't stop.  That's just not fun for me. I often feel like everything has to go just perfectly for me to win the boss fight. That's great for the higher level danger missions, but I think the lower level ones shouldn't be that tough.Having said all that, I still think it's a great game and well worth the money."
,Recommended,318970,15015681,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Luisfius,"Sci Fi Wizardry inspired dungeon crawler thing? Oh joy! This game is still pretty rough but so far it is extremely promising and interesting. Crawling dungeons has always been a thing I have enjoyed greatly, and kooky sci fi settings are always fun  (And yes, I know that Wizardry was kooky sci fi itself, so eh).Procedurally generated dungeons? Sure, why not. Not nearly as enjoyable as a well crafted dungeon (such as the ones in, well, Wizardry, and the Etrian Odyssey series). It is fun to see that the enemies are for the most part visible in the map so far, so one can decide to either try to  find another  route or fight them head on.An issue I have so far with the map generation is that it seems to not be generating any sort of secret rooms, or none that I could find. Secret rooms on derelict ships would make sense,  secret cargo holds, etc, but at least the crawling is straightforward enough, and it is fairly entertaining  with well made tiles/rooms, even if the early missions do feel a bit repetitive.So far I am liking it a whole lot due to novelty, but there are some issues that I feel mar the experience:a)Menu dialogs with  a period after the number are not selectable through keyboard use. The menu dialogs with a parenthesis ) after the number are. That feels somewhat inconsistent and annoying.b)Combat  options being selected via mouse drag. It is annoying in Blackguards, and it is annoying in this one, although less so since it is far clearer on what everything does. A keyboard/menu based option that did not require the tablet-like selecting of combat options would be nice.c) No way to run from encounters? Need to finalize every single one? The option to run away would be appreciated. If there is any reason to not have something like fleeing, well, I would like to know!d) No way to delay a character's turn? Tactical options like that would be nice.e) No healer archetype class? Interesting.f) Only one recruit of each class? Oh well. I did like to have gimmick parties in the Etrian games, such as 4 gatherers for material runs, but if it is one of each, that still allows for quite a bit of flexibility.That being said, I am enjoying this title greatly so far, and things such as the  visible turn counter are fantastic.I hope that this title does very well and keeps getting better with each version! Great job, devs!"
,Not Recommended,318970,32511140,Posted: 17 June,all,Raggnarok,"At first game seems fun buy after 5-6 hours you start notice it's basically grind that is not even fun, since combat system quickly becomes repetetive. The whole strcutrure of the game is based on doing the same missions all over again, the story is forgetable, combat and character development not good enough to keep you playing. Shame, had high hopes for it :("
76561198029043678,Recommended,318970,18362128,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Unearthly Bean,"I have been happy at times, but also extremely disappointed after purchasing early access titles.StarCrawlers falls into the happy category. Being a fan of turn-based combat rpg games this title has not yet disappointed me.The user interface is great, there are plenty of characters to hire and upgrade; skills (each having more than one level), stats, weapons, armor, and shields.There are a variety of missions with information stating which level you should be in order to be successful; white being easy and red being difficult. many different factions provide you with these missions. There is always a + and a - to each mission creating a better relationship with one faction and a worse one with another faction (rival faction?).There is a story, the game has no game breaking bugs...if any at all... but it is missing some upgrade features at the moment which will be resolved soon:)If you like turn-based combat and rpg games where you walk around in first person then this game is for you. It is satisfying to play a good quality early access title.8/10check it ouT11!!11!!"
76561197976680753,Recommended,318970,31943498,Posted: 24 May,all,Ravage1505,"While I do agree the enemies get repetitive that is the only negative I have in playing so far.The classes and their upgrade paths are different and unique, the tasks/jobs you take on either enhance your standing with various factions or decline if you choose to go against their wishes. Keeps things fresh and intriguing.Enjoying the game greatly so far, the comparisons to Grimlock are fair but being old school it feels like some of the later Wizardry offerings.Glad I purchased and have no trouble suggesting the game."
76561197999018200,Not Recommended,318970,34465993,Posted: 24 August,all,Lord Azlan,"Might be a good game here but after 12 hours I can't find it.It's a dungeon crawler with turn based combat - possibly my favourite genre, This time the dungeons are mostly space ships populated by strange robots.As a StarCrawler, you lead a team to explore and salvage, doing missions for various organisations and this normally leads to helping one and turning two others against you.Your team is drawn from different classes but I really found it difficult to judge the skill trees. Don't ask me to explain how to judge the quality of shields and armour. I still have no clue and that's after reading up on the in-game help and guidance. At one point I collected about 10 small shields and just could not figure out which ones were best and even if small shields were better than the larger versions.At the central hub you can read the mission board and choose an option and then your party is transported to the mission. Each of these seems to be a ship and you will encounter enemies and the opportunity to gain loot. Sometimes you can steal things from a ship which can be auctioned later. This stuff can be sold at a mark up but the organisation that owns the item will hear about it - thus lowering your reputation with them.There is a lot of combat and a nice turn queue at the top indicating TIME and the order of combat. It's not bad. I think it is possibly more complex than I found. But I ended up doing the same thing over and over and over again. The combat is almost diabolical and towards the end of my 12 hours I jumped at the chance to escape the ship rather than continue to explore. That's a sad state of affairs.The graphics are pretty good but ultimately shiny can't hide poor good turn based combat. Don't get fooled by the videos presented in Steam. You have been warned!There is a lot of loot but someone with an IQ of 10,000 needs to explain to me how they differ, Everything seems to sell for the same price. I gathered 10 shields, 10 armour and 10 weapons and had no idea what to do with them. Some of the problem is due to the interface being near levels of shod.I was able to buy some mystery items for large sum that ended up being entirely useless.I understand the developers are a small team so I give them kudos for developing this and they can know I bought their game. Hopefully the next project will be much better.My biggest most important and vital critism of the game is that it lacks a manual or explanation of almost everything.IT MAKES ME MAD as I really wanted to like this game.I played Bards Tale 1 on a Commodore 64 in 1985 and before that I owned a BBC B computer.Of the current dungeon crawler turn based games, Lords of Xulima is supreme.Bronze medals go to Might and Magic X, and Swords and Sorcery is worth a look.Buy this one only if you have money to waste and after those mentioned above.If someone can explain to me the mechanics of combat and what some of the terms actually mean. I might revisit.Otherwise NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198300344535,Recommended,318970,33452064,Posted: 11 July,all,The Man With No Name,"=== TL/DR ===I didn't enjoy the game much, but I'd still recommend it to people liking grind and who don't mind very repetitive combat.=== My Opinion ===Starcrawlers is clearly a work of love by 2 developers fan of dungeon crawling ; however, they were obviously too ambitious : they wanted to create a feature level matching AAA games ; but with an Indie budget, it was just not possible without cutting corners everywhere, including on the gameplay which is a shame for an Indie game.=== Exploration ===So they went for somewhat realistic environments (spaceship, offices, labs & mines), with many details (desk, cupboard, machinery, etc.), but everything seriously lacks quality as visually it feels we're back in 2005, or more likely on today mobiles (maybe a mobile port is planned?). And as they didn't have enough budget, it just gets horribly repetitive visually past a few hours in the game.Exploration is really lacking which is a shame for a FPV dungeon crawler ; there's almost no puzzle nor secret, the progression in the levels is straightforward, you never can get lost, especially with the minimap always on the screen. There's very little thing of interest to discover or find in the whole game.=== Combat ===The strong point of the game is its combat system, with a timeline turn. For me it's very innovative but maybe it exists in some other game(s). So it's very close of a turn-based game, except each action takes a certain time, and thus you may have you next turn more or less early on the timeline depending of that.The 8 available character classes are varied enough, and offer each 3 different skill trees that specialize in a certain aspect : damage against several targets or a single one, tanking, crowd control, damage over time, buff/debuff, etc. At 1st, they look super special and awesome. But once you understood them all, they are actually much simpler to apprehend, as like I just said, you can see each archetype in them. However, they are still leading to very complex effects/side effects/counter side effects that are very hard to apprehend, even with the combat log, as a single action can lead to dozen of actions in it, making it extremely cumbersome to follow exactly what's going on.But despite that, the combats are actually pretty straightforward. Without mastering all the complex formulas, I have beaten the game in Challenge difficulty (which is the 3rd out of 4) almost without any actual challenge. And even worst, the combats are super repetitive : you have a limited number of possible abilities (5 + the normal) that you choose between all the unlocked abilities (around 5 to 7 per tree, and at end game you can unlock up to 2 trees). Often, abilities have to be used in a specific order (eg: attack to get combo points -> final strike to use combo points), so most of the times, you have very little choices and no hesitation about what ability to use.Same for the target, not much thinking is required : most of the time, it's a no brainer as they are all the same. Sometimes, you have a spawner (which calls reinforcement), and a healer, so kill order is :Healer -> Spawner -> Normal enemy.So after a few hours in, the combat became an awful chore for me, without any challenge. With a few exceptions :- as there's almost no healing, especially at start of the game, it's a bit of an headache to understand if we're doing ok or not till we have actually successfully finished the current mission (you can fully heal at each mission end)- around level 7, I noticed my team health was going down too fast, requiring too much use of the rare medikits ; I then changed my tank in my team (from Prototype to Soldier) and changed my AoE damage dealer (from Soldier to Engineer) and then I was ok for a long while- once again, at level 27 (end game = lvl 30), I got huge health issue ; I then respec'ed 2 members of my team to get damage mitigation and small healing skills and then my team got totally invincible and could last forever even against the strongest enemies- at level 28, I got an horrible bossspawning non-stop super lethal bombs that needed a few rounds to trigger, so it was a dps race to kill them fast enough; my team was a bit low on damage output, so it was the most intense fight of the game, but it turned out wellThe loot is random, in an identical way to many games based on grinding ; we often end up with useless loot which is rather frustrating, especially on the Epic & Legendary pieces, which are rare & extremely rare, and thus it's raging to see many ones wasted because their random stats don't match my team or aren't much useful.So all in all, the difficulty of the game comes at 60% from the building of your team and their skill tree, 35% from getting correct loot ; as all skill damage scale with your weapon damage, if you don't get a correct weapon for a team member for too long, the difficulty will seriously ramp up ; and 5% during the actual combat.=== Story & Misc ===The game is split between hand-made missions and random missions. The hand-made ones are good enough and offer a decent level of variety and challenges. At start of the game, you have to do something like 1 random mission between 2 hand-made ones to get the correct level to do it. Later on, the hand-made missions are more sparse and leveling up is slower so it requires 2 or even 3 boring & super repetitive random missions. It really feels like the devs hasted the end of development and couldn't handle to produce enough interesting hand-made missions. It's a pity because the game gets really better in these ones.The game features as well a decent reputation system with many factions, although ultimately, it's really secondary, especially as the rewards I got from them were usually nearly insignificant.The story of the game holds little interest and is ultimately disappointing. The story telling is correct but nothing more. The writing is however pretty decent and usually enjoyable, with a well dose of humor.=== Pros ===- Pretty original combat system, although ultimately too easy & lacking variations- Pretty original and well-thought classes & skill trees, although ultimately being too simple & straightforward in their use- Feels new, original & engaging for the first 6 hours- Dev is listening to the community and might improve the game (at least he just did a nice update a few days ago! :) )=== Cons ===- Too much combats, too repetitive, and 99% of them don't have any real challenge- After a few levels, each combat usually lasts way too long, even with Fast animation turned on- The visuals look like the game was planned for mobiles : everything is simple, with low poly counts and lowres textures- The environments feel varied for 5-6 hours, but after they get super repetitive as almost nothing new comes in sight- The enemies are 2D sprites with weird animations that make them look like string puppets, which is often ridiculous and a mood killer- You keep fighting cleaning and utility robots throwing plates and whatnot at your face for the first 10 hours of the game: unepic!- Only 5 abilities + normal attack per team member, while a complete skill tree often have 6 or 7 abilities (and we end the game with 2 full skill trees)- You can have 8 members in your Team, but only 4 in each mission, which means if you want to keep everyone at the same level, you have to grind even more- No quick save/quick load in the mission (only a save & exit)- We regularly meet theexactsame set of enemies 3 or 4 times in a row- If you fail to bypass a security system, it'll spawn stronger & stronger enemies ; where are these dudes coming from ???- Too too much enemies, especially in random missions, which are : open door, fight, go through room, open door, fight, etc."
76561198006449264,Recommended,318970,29817083,Posted: 9 February,all,xodarap777,"I very rarely write reviews.This game is surprisingly good - much better than I expected.I feel like I really lost out by being turned off by the ""space"" aspect.  I know that's what's actually bringing in many people, but I've been looking for a good old-school *fantasy* dungeon crawler for quite awhile.  So I passed over this several times.I shouldn't have.  This is exactly what I'm looking for, and it's amazingly well-made.  So much more ""solid"" through and through than any other dungeon crawler on Steam - and I tried the rest before giving in to the cyberpunk.  Ironically (being that it's in EA), it feels much more ""complete"" than the others...The one downside is that it takes awhile to ""get going.""  Classes really have very little tactical depth or breadth - together or alone - until level 7 or so.  On the other hand, the pacing from that point on is possibly the best I've ever seen in any RPG - at least for my tastes."
,Recommended,318970,26811627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Codelizard,"Disclaimer: Played close to the end of its Early Access phase.Do you remember the original Phantasy Star's dungeons? Or maybe Shining In The Darkness? Or that old Windows 98 screensaver of the maze? StarCrawlers is an RPG with optional roguelike elements where the dungeons take on that same first-person perspective through dungeons that only permit travel in cardinal directions. Build up a squad of characters in a futuristic setting and get powers ranging from eldritch tentacles of doom, to covering a screen in explosives and/or explosions, to constantly making enemies trip over the traps you've laid.Each character has three separate skill trees that you can mix-and-match as you please, and there are 8 characters (of which you can take 4 on any given mission even if you recruit extras) so there's lots of potential for replayability, even before you account for the extra difficulty settings and optional permadeath. The randomized loot is plentiful enough that you generally get good stuff for your characters, and nobody is locked to particular types of equipment so you can't get completely useless equipment.A fantastic game and a very creative re-imagining of an old genre, updated with modern graphics and the ability to free-look and interact with your environment. Highly recommended, although you may want to wait for the full release - as it stands the Early Access version does not conclude the story, so you just get to the point where you stop getting story missions (but continue to get procedural random ones)."
,Recommended,318970,21958238,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,travislaborde,"Let's cut to the chase:  this game is simply awesome!  I don't even know where to begin to describe how/why it is so great.The old fashioned grid based movement mechanics mixed with more modern free mouse looking is perfect.The graphics are simply BEAUTIFUL.  The sound is perfect.  I think I'm gonna try to go back and by the other edition that comes with the soundtrack.  Never done that for a game before.  It's that good!The hub-based system is great.  For those who don't know, here's how that works.  You're not just plopped onto a map and now you walk around to discover things.  Rather, there is a ""hub"" type of screen where you can mess with your loadouts (equipment), buy/sell/heal/etc.  And very importantly - where you get your missions.  You take a mission and then you get a short loading screen and you are then plopped into a starting spot on a map - just for that mission.  Now you're in the old-school crawling mode.  Discover things, fight, loot, achieve the objective - then you find an exit which just gives you another short loading screen then you're back at the hub.  Great!So you're not just on one huge quest that you're supposed to be doing from start to end.  You take missions.  Which all have their own pluses and minuses.  Most missions seem to be ""company X wants you to infiltrate company Y and steal something.""  Of course, if you do it, then company X will like you more and company Y will begin to hate you.  Of course affecting future missions and such.Each mission has it's own map.  I think randomized?  Could be wrong on that - I haven't yet done the same mission twice.  I'm still such a noob at this game.The other major thing is ...  instead of ""creating your character"" or your team of characters, you are picking characters from a pre-defind list of guys - MOBA style.  Except once you pick them you keep them and level them up.  You can build up a roster of guys and pick which ones to bring on any given mission.  The max you can bring on a mission is 4 guys.Each has three different ""talent trees"" to pick from.  You invest points to gain powers/perks as you level.  Standard stuff if you've played any MMO in the past 15 years.  The choices are both hilarious and awesome.  Very distinct gameplay because of the chosen powers.  My ""hacker"" tossing ""shareware"" around is just... so much fun!If I have any complaint it's the fact that you can't just save whenever you want.  You can save at the hub, between missions.  I suppose this is their nod to the rogue-like crowd.  I just don't get this.  It's pretty bad.  BECAUSE...  even ""level 1"" missions can be on HUGE maps.  Just tonight I thought I'd take a level 1 cakewalk mission just to try out a new guy.  Take 15 minutes I thought.  NOPE.  The map was HUGE and it took me nearly an hour.  I would have loved to save and come back tomorrow.  Lesson learned.So much of the game is still yet to be implemented too.  I can see so many places where they are planning to make it even better.  Yet even without all of that, the game is golden.  I love it.  Best new game in ages.Best of all, it seems to me like they could have quite a future.  Because each mission is self contained, it seems like they could pump these out for a long long time, giving/selling us new content well into the future.  Take my money now - I'd pay $15 per month to support that - this is the new game baby!TLDR: if you like old-school team based turn based dungeon crawlers but want something that will look and sound awesome on your modern computer - BUY IT ALREADY."
76561198021250360,Not Recommended,318970,32921459,Posted: 28 June,all,Sjaak,"I really wanted to like this game, but that didn't happen.So what is good about this game:It does what it says on the tin.The artwork was ok, not bad, but nothing special either.the writing is good.The music is repetetive, but not badWhat I think was bad:The combat, which is its main selling point combined with exploration.The combat gets stale and repetetive really fast. Ramping dificulty spikes during a single mission is also not uncommon. I went from one-shotting groups of enemies in my turn, to having one, or multiple, characters of mine getting stunlocked and nearly killed by the next encountered group. Battle information and options are hidden from you during a fight or just plain lacking, the game could really stand to show you a hotbar with which options you have during a move. Almost every option in combat is constantly hidden from view (rightclick menu) which is unhelpfull and somewhat annoying. Want to access your inventory or run from a fight during combat but don't know/remember where the option is for that? Well though luck for you then.Certain Battle animations are long and take forever, which would have been fine if they showed you a lot of different things, but alas they don't, which makes it feel that you are rewatching the same thing over and over again. Doubly annoying when your character(s) get stunned and kicked down the turn-que: it makes you feel powerless sitting their just waiting and then waiting some more while you see your characters health dropping...and dropping again. Losing turns is not what annoyed me, it was the constant waiting that comes along with it. Turn on fast animations.The controls are clunky and take getting used to or just straight up remap them for exploration.If you are not looking for a challenge but a nice cyberpunk story and grindy combat, then give it a try on 'story' difficulty."
76561198006525041,Recommended,318970,28519014,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,warboy,"Excellent turn & party based RPG, similar style to Might & Magic RPG series, but set in space.Has good graphics, excellent, in depth classes with 3 varied skill trees each, and a good feel in the combat.While still in Early Access, it is constantly getting updates and additions, and is due for completion soon.The game has a good sense of humor and doesn't take itself too seriously, which is refreshing, as well as a lot of replayability even in it's current state.Definitely recommend picking up this game if you're into this sort of thing.Has elements of Might & Magic combat, mixed with Borderlands equipment/gear and vanilla WoW skill trees set in a sci-fi universe"
76561198164527454,Recommended,318970,21014325,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Braut,"RPG Crawler. Sci-Fi. Cheesy lines.Unexpected moments. A variety of classes.A haunting and exceptionally good soundtrack.Make choices. Gain rep. Upgrade items.This is one of those games you get so addicted to, you play until you have to get to school or work without any sleep.10/10 would do it again.Loving it.Goforit."
76561198044218149,Not Recommended,318970,32153439,Posted: 3 June,all,MrSpanky,"A great game for the first hours then it gets tedious.Yes, i invested 40 hours into the game and liked the feeling of playing a cyperpunk Legend of Grimrock title, until i came to the sad conclusion i have to give it a negative recomendation based on lack of polish (both user interface and user experience), general info and limited diversity in explorable areas. Some very low res texturing and area layout (the offices) dont help to promote the game. Difficulty spikes and unbalanced difficulty dont help the casual gamer who just wants a title to relax inbetween more demanding titles.Constant stutters after every patch forced me to redownload the game to fix it. First time loading a save would still cause stutters and prompt a restart of the game to bypass the issue.Reached the last part of the game and realized that a specific party composition and playstyle is needed to overcome the last fighst, which are essentially a dps race against mobs with high health pools.Healing is a chore since no dedicated classes exist.Healing with items is slow, uneffective, slot consuming (in a limited slots inventory based game) and expensive to maintain.Random regeneration is useless at higher levels.RNG is brutal and can quickly turn a normal battle into a wipe.Wipes mean loosing alot of time since autosaves are a joke and manual saves are a risky act if done near spotted enemies since they can outrun you. Saves done in the dungeon has to be named individually every time. No overwrites.Since its a dungeon crawler it should reward exploration but after level 10 they randomly spawn high bosses with different mechanics, resists or buffs that can only be ovecome by certain clases with certain abilities, defacto negatinf the concept of choosing four characters and speccing them how you want. Some bosses are just huge health pools that become a foreshadowing of the endgame fights, effectively telling the player to go full dps or respecc. These bosses spawn during easy missions, missions meant to farm resources to later overcome the real challenges and if it happens while trying a new party and abilities its an almost guarenteed wipe.Loot is generally unsatisfactory to collect and more a chore to manage on a limited inventory. RNG kindly makes sure you get gear for other classes you dont need. Extra items crafted after long grinds are useless. Usefulness of rare items is never explained.The suggestion is to wait for a sale and in the meantime hope for more patches and general polish of this beautiful raw diamond of a game."
76561198123594863,Recommended,318970,24230366,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Necrolexicon,"My favouriteDungeon Crawleron Steam. Mega Corporate sponsorship, awesome Cyber Punk storyline (still in development) multiple character classes/recruitable characters with varied skill trees and different skills to bring to each mission.Star Crawlersis a huge game with randomly generated missions and encounters all playable alongside the 'primary mission' at your discretion.Feel like raising your rep with another corporation? Jump in and play a mission for them. Gained enough rep with a corporation? Contact their customer liasion officer and ask for credits or special equipment to aid you in your adventures.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a corporation? Expect to see hired bounty hunters coming for you during one of your next missions.The Devs are extremely helpful with bugfixes and asking the community what they would like to see in the game and it is constantly being updated and becoming a better product with each new version. Don't wait, jump on board, you'll love the journey and can play random missions whilst you wait for the main story to be added."
76561197980108207,Recommended,318970,30947760,Posted: 4 April,all,OJ Simpson,"Amazing design.  Great game.  The updates have been timely and on point.  Perfect EA period, followed by an actual release date.  A release date.  Imagine that, other EA titles.  Excellent communication with the community.  Transparency in what is being done and why.  Felt better than many finished products the entire EA period.  If you enjoy dungeon crawlers and/or strategy games you should pickup StarCrawlers.  I try not to review products, because my reviews aren't usually helpful.  But this title deserves it.  Very few EA offerings come even remotely close to this."
76561197995690115,Recommended,318970,31955853,Posted: 25 May,all,Ophite,"Repetitive. Not openworld. Can't fly ships. No romance options. Can't jump. Can't juggle glowsticks.Haha. Funny how some people hyper focus on what a game isn't and not what it is.It's a great game. Great character customization/gear without being overly convoluted. Get lots of loot (somehow that makes it more fun) and secret, random stuff. Fun combat abilites (does anyone else just want to die when a super powerful attack you charged for 2 or 3 turns misses?!?! I need to pray harder to the RNG gods).Graphics are great for a dungeon crawler. Good humor here and there. It's relaxing and slow-paced, but somehow interesting and engaging enough to not be boring. I thought character movement was borked when I started, but then I remembered how a crawler works and got used to it.I'll repeat that it is repetitive (pun, don't hate me). A lot of the same art and models reused. If thats distracting enough to detract from all that is good, then best give game a pass. But you'll be missing out."
76561198032538565,Recommended,318970,14940848,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,crimsonmoons,Great game so far i have very few complaints so far...Gameplay-AMAZING every thing seems smooth sailing well at least for what we have so far :)Battle-now i only have a few complaints on this end and ill go into detail for the class skills i have complaints...SMUGGLER-the regular shot when i comes time to kill a mob instead of taking the one shot then killing or hitting another he takes all the shots into the dead mob :(Cyberninja-while a mob is close to death or even when its possible to kill a mob with FLIPKICK and one of my party members is next in line he doesnt end up next in line like the skill says :(Other then the mentioned above i have nothing else ill comment on execpt REMEMBER red yellow red yellow :)P.s. ill edit as i continue to play this amazing game and or if i find any other small bugs in the skills of other classes
,Recommended,318970,14938248,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"In a universe filled with rogue-likes constantly recycling that same bank of public domain fantasy pixel chracters, one company using its own art assets, rises above it to turn Phantasy Star 1 into a rogue-like, and it is pretty good.This game has shapped up rather nicely over the course of Early Access. Classes have gotten a lot of balancing and love, events and missions have become more fleshed out, and the game has managed to stay pretty true to its original vision."
,Recommended,318970,31893413,Posted: 21 May,all,Zanriel,"I picked this game up a long time ago (maybe a year?) and I delayed playing it. I actually forgot about it, but I was digging through my library recently and there it was. You know what? This is a pretty decent dungeon crawler type game.First off, the graphics are smoother than I expected. It's grid based, but you can look around freely. The lighting, textures, and animation, it's all top notch.Each class has three skill trees you can put points into as they level. The weapons remind me a lot of what you might find in a game like Borderlands. The abilities are interesting, with a mix of buffs, taunts, AOE, debuffs, DoT's, all that.The game has you start out in a hub type area where you pick up missions, buy and sell loot, or hire mercs for your party. You can also upgrade your weapons or trade on a black market.The game has a faction system, with over a dozen different factions that you gain or lose rep in depending on what missions you take. Sometimes in the middle of a mission you'll be contacted by a rival faction to the one you're doing the job for, where they'll offer you some sort of incentive to do a bonus for them, or betray your current contact.There's a lot of humor in here, including puns, pop culture references, funny dialog, and clever descriptions for things.The music is sort of space jazz kind of stuff, with a standup bass, some keyboards, sweep pads, things like that. It's good.Combat is turn-based, reminds me of Final Fantasy or something, which I don't usually care for, but it flows nicely and doesn't require too much clicking, so it's not bad.There are secrets to be found on the maps you go on, like locked doors, a few mild puzzles, or maybe a hidden compartment or secret door here and there. If you've ever played any grid-based dungeon crawler, from Eye of the Beholder or Dungeon Hack to Legend of Grimrock, you know what to expect, it's the same here. Look around at the floor, randomly click walls or things that look like they might be clickable, you'll find stuff.I like this game. I like the randomness, the sense of humor, the upgrade and leveling system, the factions... it's really well done. It's like Freelancer, but a dungeon crawler. The sci-fi setting is refreshing. This one's worth picking up. Thanks to the randomness, there's lots of replayability, so it's something you can keep going back to, jump in, play a few missions, it's good stuff."
76561198044077976,Recommended,318970,24772879,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Cthulhupie,"Take the western feel and mannerisms of Firefly, mash them together with Shadowrun, and sprinkle in a bit of borderlands and you have the world of StarCrawlers. I searched for ages to find a good sci-fi RPG ons team, and I refunded quite a few, but let me tell you, this game is amazing. Great story, fun combat, really well written characters, and gripping random events. Just get the game it's amazing."
76561198190537203,Recommended,318970,30508890,Posted: 14 March,all,sandytaxman,"Starcrawlers is a very good dungeon crawl. It is akin to Legend of Grimrock. Fighting mobs are fun and there are lots of nice itrems to pick up. There is even a story line.However, this is NOT like other types of dungeon crawls.First, don't expect a large land mass to explore .  Only one NPC gives quests to go into  dungeons,which are somwhat randomly generated once the quest is given. Secondly, there is also not a lot of conversation with NPCs as you would find in other RPGs.Frankly, I didn't miss either the traveling or the large amount of conversation.HOWEVER, there is one big failing in the game. The main story lines all have puzzles some of which are very difficult or confusing. Thus, if you can't solve the puzzle, you are stafted and can't move on with the story or the game.Do I recommend it? Yes, if they got rid of or eliminated the difficult puzzles; otherwise, you will be very frustrated if you are stopped mid way into the game. Moreover, the puzzles have nothing to do with the story line. They are completely unnecessary.I should also note that the game does not have a lot of replay value. While it is true you can only play with 4 out of a possible eight classes, players tend to level all classes , which can be used for any quest. In addtion the game has four levels of difficulty that some players might want to try it. However,since the same puzzles will get very repetitive and old, and since you can play all the classes in the game, I can't see a lot of replay by playersBottom line: good game and good dungeon crawl IF they eliminate most puzzles. I will admit that I don't like hard puzzles. Thus, take this review with that in mind.  I think,however, that having a linear story line that can't be continued unless you complete some tough or confusiing puzzles, is a bad game design decision.  I can see a lot of players being very frustrated midway into the game."
,Recommended,318970,18784294,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SnowRaven,"Great game so far its a turn based rpg crawler with a very good feel. It kind of plays like old-school Might and Magic games.The Good:The classes are fun and can be built differentlyUp to 4 characters per party, so mix and match experiments are greatThe levels are pretty diverse and looting is funThe balance feels good with weapons and equipment that are solidImprovements:More variety of enemiesAnimation/attack varietyMore of a story would be greatOverall great work! The developer has continued to update this regularly."
76561198026427823,Recommended,318970,14961016,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dogtown1,"first review everget ready to find yourself still playing at like 5 o'clock in the morningthe loot is a blast, the areas are many and random generated, lots of crazy creatures and bots to fightthe devs are very active and respond to playersI remember paying a horde of cash for an ubisoft game that was similar to this and it sucked, this game rocks for a whole 15 bucks!dont pass on this one** UPDATE **the game is full release now and its smooth as silklots of new features (creatures, loot, boss types)best dungeon crawler I've played in a long time"
76561197987103121,Recommended,318970,28290174,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Subterfudge,"Bought this ages go, keep playing it off and on as they update it. The only real dungeon crawler I've found myself coming back to besides Darkest Dungeon. Sweet♥♥♥♥♥cyberpunk sci-fi setting, large variety of party options, all with fun skill trees and wonky abilities. Some combats are a little repetitive, but most of the fights are interesting enough if you play it on an appropriate difficulty that you wont notice too much, thanks largely to how all the classes are presented. It's fun finding gear and isn't super grindy about it, giving you a variety of options without being obnoxious.Random internet jackass signing off."
76561197973083141,Recommended,318970,27917801,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,{BFG} vanyelashke,"Reminds of the older style of games that both does not hold your hand, and gives you something fresh every time you play it. Does it get easier? eventully, though in the mean time, it is a blast and one I keep coming back to simply for the fun of it and the chance to try something, see something, I did not expect.Defintely worth checking out and one of the rare times I would bother to write something...and I have, beacuse it is simply that good!"
76561198065309932,Recommended,318970,28743600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Priestie,"Great Mechanical Depth, Outstanding Character Customization, Plenty of Meaningful Player Choice that Affects the Story Line.  This Game is So Amazing that I’ve Forgotten Grammar, Syntax, and the Proper use of Capitalization.Seriously though, this game combines old school intelligent RPG dungeon crawling/puzzle solving the likes of which  haven’t been seen since ‘Eye of the Beholder’ with a very hip dystopian sci-fi storyline.This is a VERY solid purchase."
,Recommended,318970,15059747,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BAPBAP,"Turnbased crossbreed of System Shock & FTL.First person view, decent mission and loot generator, nice design, great soundtrack, slightly imbalanced RPG/combat system. Maybe it will become kinda classic, in case devs keep up the pace of fixing bugs - early access so early, so it has been patched daily since the purchase.Timekiller."
76561198009313866,Recommended,318970,31546407,Posted: 4 May,all,Ingerimm,"As someone who grew up losing more hours than I care to admit playing the likes of Dungeon Hack and Eye of the Beholder, I was pleasantly surprised to come across this game. I see it as a modern day version of those old classics, with obviously a space/cyberspace theme. I enjoy the setting immensely and they have crafted a really engaging dungeon crawl experience.There are games in my library that I payed triple the cost of this game. They have fallen way short of delivering the fun I have had slogging through derelicts and bases hunting down bosses, doing quests, or just looking for my next gear upgrade in Starcrawlers.Pros:Graphics and animations are really crisp, and the coloring is done well.The different grades of loot quality and upgrade potential give you plenty of reasons for just one more mission.The music is well done and I enjoyed all the sound effects and ambience in each mission.Plenty of quests and factions to work on.Cons:The factions can feel a little too numerous and bland at times.Overall I have enjoyed what I have played and look forward to the release soon. I think if you enjoy a good dungeon crawl, this game will not disappoint you. Well worth the price!"
76561198040249882,Recommended,318970,15856262,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kill Ten Rats,"A visually appealing mix of dungeon crawling, party management and story coupled with a very steady, glitch free performance make StarCrawlers one of the few games that deserve the stamp ""Early Access done right"".Yes, it's got placeholders, content yet to come and not a huge amount of main quest missions but there's a fair amount of procedurally generated jobs coming down The Wire to keep you occupied and make early adoption of the title worth your money.If you're on the fence and want a look at some gameplay of the current Beta 3 build, I've uploaded a first look to Youtube.WARNING:Contains commentary, so if that's not your thing, you've been warned!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjTWw-sBz_0"
76561198004080636,Recommended,318970,26421799,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Allu,Dungeon Master-like game with turn based combat. Really amazing game.
76561198008995639,Recommended,318970,29228544,Posted: 13 January,all,Syger,This is a great game with a lot of promise. I have been routinely tracking progress on the game and it is constant and a lot of content is being added to flesh the game out. However i haven't played too much in a while since i don't want to spoil it for myself. Its a squad combat turn based rpg with a few tricks up its sleeve.Starcrawlers has all the things we like in rgps:Character creationVaried lootSolid combatVariety in skill treesNew game+ and hardcore(?) modesYOU get to choose what quests you do and what factions you supportRandomized maps for replay valueThere are tank/damager/support roles for to fill out your team but the game is flexible enough for you to make your own way to succeed since you still get a lot of influence on how your team plays in combat through equipment alone.Last i checked it was due for full release in spring/late spring of 2017 due to added content since the game is doing well. I expect it will be supported well after release as well so this seems like a solid investment to fans of the genre.
76561198015262492,Recommended,318970,20714923,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Leo,"Really neat dungeon crawler with an almost cheesy Sci Fi setting. The atmosphere also makes me feel cozy, like a game to play in bed bundled under some blankets. Not much else to say other than that if you're a fan of games like Legend of Grimrock as well as a fan of Sci Fi, there's a good chance you'll really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,318970,31941934,Posted: 24 May,all,linuxpunk,"Dungeon free dungeon crawlerI remember playing Dungeons & Dragons Warriors of the eternal Sun in Sega Genesis and loving it. Sadly, I kinda grew away from medieval fantasy and more into cyberpunk, Sci-Fi and historical military stuff, so one could think my dungeon crawling days were over. Enter StarCrawlers, a game that brings all of the excitement of crawling and looting in a Dungeon to a Sci-Fi, Spacepunk athmosphere. The game is great, with beautiful art, turn based combat and a lively setting, filled with megacoprs, anarchists and independent factions.I sincerly recomend this game, it really itches a scratch I needed scratching.I appreciate Linux support"
76561198114817545,Recommended,318970,15000425,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,LudoKai,"This is so much better than I was expecting.*Pro's* :*Graphics are beautiful.*The setting is rather interesting.*Character choice is definitely different.*Adore the dialogue.*Combat animations are really nice.*It has that ""One more mission"" kind of feel which makes it a little addictive.*The loot! Oh the sweet loot <3*Con's* :*There really should be an overall story. At this point it feels like you're not really aiming at any goal other than ""finish a little mission"".*There should be something else to spend your currency on. Instead of just loot, maybe have your own ship that you can customize or upgrade?*There should definitely be more puzzles. The early ""Yellow, red, yellow, red"" was fun and I'd love to see more of that.All in all this game is amazing for what it is and I'll be playing much more of it :P*Edit* 8/9/15So recently they've done a *lot* of reworking when it comes to classes and they've also added a few new missions.The reworking is great. Usually [in most games] reworking just means nerfing but in this case, they've made the classes even more interesting and fun to play. There's a lot of synergy now with the classes and all-in-all, it's just made the game even better.As for the new missions? They're great and we need so many more of them! The main missions seem to have more depth, context, story and systems to them. Whether it's choosing how you do an objective, figuring out little puzzles or aiming to do optional objective, it's just great. The only issue is there isn't many/enough main story missions so after you're done with them, you just go back to the side missions which definitely aren't as fun.Even now, this game is getting better and better and I'm loving it. I just hope they add more story-oriented missions soon. Still hoping they add some form of character customization too >_<Edit 27/10/15Still playing this game and still loving it. The Devs have kept up with adding content, balancing, upgrading their game visually and improving performance and doing everything they can to make it better and it genuinely shows."
,Recommended,318970,26571055,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bloodbeard,"Recipe for StarCrawlers-----------------------------Add Early Access. Apply liberally for a year or so.Add 1 part GrimrockAdd 1 part Might and MagicAdd 1 part Shadowrun for light seasoning and ambianceAdd 1 part Firefly for additional seasoningAdd 1 part random generation for tasteAdd 1 part Diablo for simple, but effective additivesStir lightly for a few more months---------------------------------Great game. Early access. Kind of a dungeon crawler like the old Might and Magic games mixed with Grimrock. Procedural generation keeps the missions interesting. Each one takes about 30 minutes on the lower difficulty 'runs'. Your team consists of around six or seven classes with a hidden class that you can acquire later on. You also have a hub where you buy and recruit between missions. Your characters seem to have personalities and will periodically comment on things or wont do certain things. There is a faction system where you can get rewards for continued employment, or bounties placed on you if you keep♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one company off.Its in early access, but they seem to have class balance in a good place, and its VERY polished. I havn't encountered any bugs. Its incredibly addictive just to go on '1 more run'. Each map that gets loaded has all kinds of secrets, and combat is pretty enjoyable like the titles its based upon.I'd say its in a great place right now if you just wanna sci-fi dungeon crawl. I would advise waiting if you want a more structured story experience, as the main story hasn't really drawn me in. I assume they will add more as time goes on. Release looks to be around Spring 2017.Great stuff, if you are even remotely interested, now isn't a bad time to buy."
,Recommended,318970,22576763,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,GamerLEN,"http://lenwolfgamer.tumblr.com/post/143138365582/starcrawlers-early-access-reviewTL;DR Version:Fun sci fi dungeon crawler. Unfinished but shows a lot of promise. Also, any game in which I can stick some malware into an enemy's head until the popups drive him insane is doing something right."
76561198084006548,Recommended,318970,30262779,Posted: 1 March,all,genconcu,"I played this game for only 1 hour because I don't want to spoil it and I want to play it when it's released, but from what I've seen, it looks and feels very polished and well-thought.You don't explore a single dungeon (or space ship, in this case); you take contracts and go to smaller dungeons, which is wonderful if you don't have much time to play.There are a lot of different factions which offer you contracts and I've read that if you have a bad standing with them, they attack you randomly.Battles are turn based; think of JRPGs or Lords of Xulima.All in all, it looks very promising."
,Recommended,318970,29813034,Posted: 9 February,all,SansPants,"If you like old-school isometric dungeon crawlers a la Wizardry or the early Bard's Tale or Might and Magic, you're going to immediately fall in love. If you just like the idea of a cyberpunk/sci fi RPG, you've got a good chance of liking it too.The classes are quirky and fun, the missions and characters you meet are enjoyable to deal with, and the itemization is decent.As of this writing it's priced at $20, so I really can't think of a reason why you shouldn't give this a go. You're reading the review, so your interest is piqued, and I'm here to tell you to give in to that interest. Pick it up. Run around a ship or three. Get scrubbed clean."
76561198007927534,Recommended,318970,28002442,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,orcy,"This game is really good. Nice setting and atmospheric game. All classes are made cool, no one useless, have their own playstyle. 8 classes with 3 skill branch and you can take only 4 on mission and only 5 active skills maybe taken for 1 hero(but you can learn all of them), thats makes to think what to bring to fight. Tons of items with random upgrades gives interesting combinations. There is alot corporations in game and you build reputation to work with them, some will be friends, some not:). Random missions which you can do between storyline.  Nice grafics with some humor and cool animation of abilitys. Music is fine too, for 45h+ playtime never turn it off.There is all what you need from dangeon crawler in this game, its EA but already plays as release, most of AAA+ games novadays cant bring soo much timeplay.  Probably last time i was playing dungeon crawlers was Demise and Wizardry 7, this games all different, but StarCrawlers good as it is and i pleased playing it. Hope devs polish it and bring more content on release."
76561198108512665,Recommended,318970,23020843,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,*****.rumskas,"Excellent game consisting of mission, gear upgrading, and  character abilities. I enjoyed playing this game as much as any I have played on Steam in a while. The downside to the game is that many of the character abilities are not at all useful even in their fully upgraded state. Missions are randomized but all very similar - Arrive at station, explore station, pick up some loot, fight mobs, repeat. Also, the loot is adequate to keep the characters alive but I found that my income from station raids never really allowed me to afford me to have great gear for my level. The mobs level as your character levels so you need to continually upgrade your gear. There are factions in the game that you can get on the bad side with by looting their stuff while you are on a mission. If your reputation drops with a faction enough they will send very tough hit squads out to your missions quite often. It can get distracting but I rather enjoyed these tougher battles."
,Recommended,318970,33808173,Posted: 26 July,all,SickCanadian,"It's a fun, although simplistic, sci-fi based dungeon crawler. It's like a Legend of Grimrock in outer space.Pros:* Varied classes with different talent trees and playstyles.* Loot and basic crafting* Some fun boss fights and secret areasCons:* Fairly basic* RepetitiveI didn't expect the world from a $20 indie game, but it's a fun little game and I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,318970,15467693,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,"Malchior, The Fallen God","First off, I have to say thanks to a friend of mine for turning me on to this game. I really enjoy it!Now to the meat of it. It feels like a pretty standard old school RPG game. It is on a grid system, it's got enemy lineups like the old Dragon Quest games and it's a turn based game.I haven't really proceeded that far into the actual campaign just yet, I'm enjoying my time just grinding out levels and getting credits to unlock all of the possible allies. The classes are all pretty interesting as well, and the large number of different factions to work for, or in some cases against, is pretty staggering.This is a game I'd recommend to anyone looking for a nostalgic game that has decent quality graphics.Yes, with what it is at currently, I see this game HOPEFULLY becoming so much better after early access."
,Recommended,318970,26347381,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lord Trent Kelto,"This game is a surprising little gem!  I definitely recommend it, even in Early Access.  It feels like a mostly finished game with few or no bugs and a fair amount of content that isn't done coming out.  The story is surprisingly interesting, as well--I was not expecting that."
76561197984761002,Recommended,318970,19457722,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,NooBiTo,"This game has good potential as it already has solid gameplay foundation, though it still requires some balancing. Smuggler's flashbang for instance can be too overpowering.There are still graphical glitches in the game and incomplete integration of weapon upgrade stats, as well as some game events. But this is understandable due to it being an early access.I really love the solid setting and atmosphere, but it can do more with the unpredictability of the traps and interaction with the environment and enemies during out of combat (An option to avoid combat?)Anyway, I am interested where this project is going and I hope I can see the end of it together."
,Recommended,318970,31948248,Posted: 25 May,all,Grayther Crake,"Having followed StarCrawlers through Early Access I can now say it has become everything I had hoped for: It's an immersive dungeon crawler with a well made sci-fi setting, an innovative quasi-turn-based battle system and tons of fresh ideas.The crawling takes place in both pre-designed maps (for story-quests) and randomly generated ones (for side jobs). While the pre-designed maps are more intruiging and have the more impressive settings, all maps shine with a great design of the environment. With widely varying room sizes, well crafted backgrounds and cleverly placed lootable items I'd put these maps on par with my previous favourite, the ""Legend of Grimrock""- series.The combat, however, is completely unlike the one in Grimrock. Instead of realtime combat there is a quasi-turn based combat system. Each attack or ability takes a certain number of time units, based on the ability and the weapon speed. This creates a timeline, depicting the order of action for both allies and enemies. This feature is well implemented into many abilities, (de-)buffs and status ailments.There are so many more aspects of this game one could talk about: The varied classes with interesting skills, the reputation system, the black market mechanics, weapon upgrades and enhancements.... But that would take us far into TL;DR-territory.So in short, I can recommend StarCrawlers to anyone who likes dungeon-crawlers (obviously) and/or RPGs. It's like Etrian Odyssey, only less tedious, with story, and you won't be killed by bunnies ;)"
,Recommended,318970,16618393,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LolsLikeMuttley,"Starcrawlers is a first person, sci-fi dungeon crawling rpg with turn based combat and procedurally generated dungeons to keep it fresh every time you play. There are 8 classes to choose from; cyberninja, soldier, void psyker, smuggler, hacker, engineer, force psyker and the prototype. Each has their own signature abilities and skill trees but you can only take four of your party with you on each mission.I’ve been exploring grungy space ships, mining outposts, offices and luxury space liners with my cyberninja Blue and her motley crew for 11 hours now. I’m happily trapped in that endless cycle of looting, killing, upgrading, shopping and hanging around in bars!There is a narrative threaded through all this random mission generation but the full story campaign has yet to be implemented along with a number of other features.  Even though this game is currently in early access I'm happy to recommend it now based on the fun I've had already in its current unfinished state.I think it has the potential to be something special when it’s done."
76561198082331544,Recommended,318970,34067185,Posted: 6 August,all,Bee,"Starcrawlers is a deeply satifsying dungeoncrawler like game with a number of RPG elements that can be both relaxing after a day of work and at some points very involving. It's gone through a very long development phase, and deserves an amount of respect for that.Even more so, if you're a horder of loot like me, it's absolutely teeming with cool junk/items you can acquire/steal.It feels like because of the sheer number of different corps/factions there could of been more that made each group individual, but that's no reason to write this experience off. I'd say it's well worth the money to buy it, and by golly it even worked on my ancient deathly ill 7 year old laptop when I still used it.If I can love a game when trying to use it on that old monster, I think that says something of the quality of the game itself."
76561198059517490,Recommended,318970,16525992,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,George V,This is like playing one of your favorite SciFi books.
,Recommended,318970,26024902,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,EricTheNihilist,One of the best examples of what early access can be.  You can just tell that this is a labour of love. The developer should be damn proud of this game.
,Recommended,318970,28951007,Posted: 2 January,all,comcen99,"This is a really good dungeon crawler, those who like Stranger of Sword City and wanted more of it can go for this.But it's still in early access, those who might want a bug free game stay away!No point of giving bad review while the dev is working hard to squash those bugs.Still if you wanna play don't expect to complete the game without crashing, stuck in combat,somehow unable to have enough credits to recruit help and the lack of controller support.I may sound like I'm thrashing the game, but I'm not. I like this game, just want to remindpeople that it's still in early access. But I do hope when the game is finished without bugs and moresound effects. It's like the world in it is too silent, the bar, the battles and the talking... all quietother than the music and repetitive sound effects. Well if the inventory could be smarter tohave categorising tabs would be good too."
76561198021135192,Recommended,318970,31961726,Posted: 25 May,all,PatchGatsby,"I'm really enjoying Starcrawlers. I'm not super into dungeon crawlers but the futuristic setting drew me in. I like the simple, but immersive character creation. The graphics are cool and it's fun to explore the locations. There is a good bit of detail to the missions especially for procedurally generated dungeons. The puzzles are the right level of difficulty and add a nice bit of variety. The combat is fun and the classes all seem useful depending on playstyle. The thing that has really gotten me about this game is the writing and world building. The dialogue seems like it is out of a good sci-fi book. When I've had a special dialogue option as a result of my backstory, it's made my smuggler seem shady and smooth. Just like it should! Starcrawlers is a great example of a game that makes a well established genre feel fresh and fun again."
,Recommended,318970,24412549,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,WadeStar,"StarCrawlers occupies a niche that is woefully underfilled: that of a sci-fi dungeon crawl. For this alone it deserves attention. It brings a fresh style and aesthetic to the genre of CRPG (computer role-playing games). If you've played Wizardry or Etrian Odyssey you'll be at home here. And definitely if you want the CRPG dungeon crawl experience but are weary of the yet-another-kill-all-orcs game, this will scratch your itch. The music is familiar (FTL) but well-done and appropriate. The humor is just satirical enough not to make the game silly or groan-worthy. In fact, the humor is excellent. It reminds me of the sensibility of Baldur's Gate--that is clever, mature, and in all ways an enhancement of the immersion. The weakest part of the game for me is still the skill tree system. It's not bad, but it's not inspired yet either. On the other hand, the equipment upgrade system more than makes up for this in terms of (for me) originality. As of this review, the story missions are not yet finished, but they are released regularly enough that I feel confident in reviewing the game now. Finally, if you've never played a classic CRPG dungeon crawl game and are curious to enter the genre, I would definitely recommend StarCrawlers as an introduction piece.For more commentary on the game, please feel free to check out my Let's Play/Let's Look At for the game. These are safe for work.Episode 1:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOYher1sBA0Episode 2:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpK2xt2pA5YEpisode 3:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBH3h93hw6UEpisode 4:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yyf1V3JOr10Episode 5:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pibZwYcL34Y"
76561198068920890,Recommended,318970,24894161,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Wirewing,"Edit: All features are now implemented on my version of this game. Still a great game! Get it!I have never been more impressed by a a dungeon crawler. I have played quite a few of them and never liked any of them. I have tried.All of my favorite parts about RPGs are key features in dungeons. Character management, equp/ asset management, budgeting, long / short term decision arcs.  Still, something has always seemed lazy, generic and just plain passe' about them. Even in the 80's when they were hot, I was the kid saying it's not enough to have fun with.This game though. This game kicks asteroid. I don't know if there's a level cap. I'm sure I'll hit it though. It's got features that you wouldn't expect. I don't want to ruin them for you- if you want that, read the update note releases- but I'm excited for where this thing is going. Faction loyalties and reputation management is probably the most tantalizing feature not-yet-fully-implemented.Key Features: Surprising Delights. Ruthless violence. Thoughtful deliberation."
,Recommended,318970,23856698,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Wren,"So far so good. At the time of this review its still in early access, and as such its hard to objectively review it. Subjectively though I like whats there and if you're any sort of fan of cRPGs then its hard not to like the dungeon crawling aspects. Hopefully everything else will be fleshed out in time."
76561198047001394,Recommended,318970,15693846,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,BlessedSilence,"I am a person who loves dungeon crawlers, be it fantasy or sci-fi.  And StarCrawlers satiated that love.It has a great feeling of Grimrock, with movements, hidden panels, exploration, and traps.  You can also use a free mouse look to find hidden things above and below you.The class selection is interesting (I started with an Engineer) and it looks like you can hire one of each class (with a hidden one here and there).My only tiny gripe right now is no real story to the game.  From the latest news on their site, they put something in Chapter 1 and a Prologue, but so far I've just been working on missions and getting cash.But don't let that turn you away.  There is more to the game right now and can't wait for more!"
76561198032689427,Recommended,318970,31939174,Posted: 24 May,all,KvnMcK94,"One of the most novel, but still traditionally appealing games ive ever played. Old school first person tile based exploration like Ultima or Grimrock. With an inventive turn-based combat, that uses time units to smartly balance heavy and light moves, shields and armor. Its so novel and interesting, while still doing all the things I usually want and expect from an RPG."
,Recommended,318970,29129716,Posted: 8 January,all,Leezeebub,Im really enjoying it. Its got the atmosphere of ShadowRun with the gameplay of The Legend of Grimrock. Great combination.
76561198029904609,Recommended,318970,33228875,Posted: 4 July,all,bear_storm,"This is a heck of a game, but it might not be for everyone. It's a very particular blend of turn-based RPG, roguelikeEye-of-the-Beholderesque dungeon-crawl, and Shadowrun. It borrows a lot of setting concepts heavily from both Shadowrun and Warhammer 40K, but blends them in a way that is satisfying even when you can still see things like the Void Psyker where the serial numbers haven't quite been filed off.Star Crawlers' gameplay is a lot deeper than it seems, on almost every level. The game is heavily class-based, but there are a lot of classes to choose from for your party of four, all of them have unique ways of interacting with the various randomly generated dungeons (for example, the gameplay-unlockable hidden Prototype class can talk with hostile turrets or loafing loader-bots to get them to do what you want), and every class is packed with three distinct upgrade trees of abilities. All abilities have combat uses, and each ability tree has out-of-combat applications. By the end of the game, two of my party members (Malfunction Prototype and Bot Engineer) were merely very useful. The other two (Combination Ninja and Malware Hacker) were unstoppable gods of destruction.Of course, that's just the combat mechanics. There's also fairly generous, low-churn loot drops, weapon upgrades, 360 degree free-look to allow you to search hidden overhead compartments and disable concealed traps, and a faction system that I all-but-ignored the entire game, only to discover its depth at the very end.The faction system is probably one of the best parts of Star Crawlers, once you've dug into it. Every dungeon run is a posted listing, offered by one of a huge number of different corporations, each with its own distinct lore, personality, and feelings towards you. Completing a run for a corporation boosts their attitude towards you...and lowers the regard of whoever you did the run against. Between missions, you can call up any of the corporations for a chat, leading to side-quests, a separate bank of ""Favor"" currency for each corp, and various complications on your missions depending on who you've angered. I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a robotics corporation early on and, for the rest of the game, kept running into various flavors of automated assassins during my dungeon expeditions. On the other hand, I also promptly made friends with a cadre of space socialists, and after every other mission they had free rare-drop gear to give me.The game's plot feels a little bare-bones at first, but it's surprisingly complex, with multiple viable paths and consequences that carry over between missions. There's not much by way of walkthroughs online, but all the game's puzzles are bonus objectives. I did not complete several of them, purely because I couldn't figure out how, but I still had a good time.And to top it all off, the ending that I got--which I absolutely expected to be a ""the GM screws you over no matter what you chose, because the universe is Orwellian and bleak""--did not follow my expectations at all. It allowed the universe to be complicated. It allowed the player characters to *survive*, which was more than I was hoping for in this genre.Basically, I liked almost every aspect of Star Crawlers, and I will without hesitation pick up any expansions or sequels as soon as they surface."
76561197970669787,Recommended,318970,31978397,Posted: 26 May,all,Reapww,"I can't say enough good things about this game! If you like Dungeon Crawlers at all, you'll enjoy this. The Sci-fi 'Cyberpunk' setting is great. There is a decent amount of depth to the game systems, as well (ie; item upgrading, item mods, character skills, different things being 'unlocked' depending on who you have with you in your party, companies doing things for you if you have enough reputation with them, etc.) Definitely worth the money!"
76561198008932506,Recommended,318970,33292324,Posted: 5 July,all,MrJane,"Great game! Great if you like RPGs, Blobbers, Turn Based Combat, Sci-Fi, and so on. I'm 20 hours in an still loving it."
,Recommended,318970,15017645,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ForestDragon,"The Best Sci-fi RPG! I don't played a game since years with so excited as with Star Crawlers!  The RPG game what I waited for!- Nice graphics- Wonderful soundtrack- Characters and their skills are brilliant- Good athmosphere- Rerto game feeling (like in the 90's, just one more mission, just one more... :)I can only recommend it!"
76561198080732257,Recommended,318970,32034376,Posted: 28 May,all,luiz_gita,"Pretty atmospheric dungeon crawler, the writing is good compared to a lot of diff. titles. You control a small band of mercs, doing missions for coin, looting escorting stealing killing stuff. Slowly gaining the love or hate of various factions. Eventually they pit against each other and you'll be nudged to take sides. The art and sounds are pretty good, basically reeking of shadowrun but with their own style. The combat/item systems are smooth, with high spd animations turned on combat feels like a breeze. It's got one of the best wheel-command UI i've ever seen. None of that JRPG up down A + B ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You click and drag and its done. The dungeon crawling is like Etrian, but you can click things to interact like a puzzle game.It's not a perfect game. It's got its kinks. Sometimes combat freezes and you'll have to load a save file that was two hours ago. Sometimes some characters, abilities get stuck and you'll have to load a save. But given that it's fun one can overlook these things. You can always head over to discussions and put in a bug report. The devs are very responsive.I personally didn't like the overall power-balance. Some ability branches are useless to me so far (maybe on a second playthrough and enough levels will allow it to come together nicely). The item system is rng-ish. A hammer with good stats could be wasted if it didn't get good ""Latent effects"".Overall, it's very good for its price and a very fun title coming into the dungeon crawler genre. It's atmospheric, witty dialogues, brisk combat will have hours and hours of fun for you."
76561198017910443,Recommended,318970,25345754,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Emperor Fooble,"Working for the man, so that maybe one day he will invite my motley band of Crawlers and myself to one of his wild office parties.This game showed up in my discovery que one day, so on impulse I bought it to try out, and boy am I glad I did!It's a dungeon crawler in the same vein as the Might and Magic series, except it's set in a sci-fi space setting with borderlands style humour.You control a band of mercenaries called 'Crawlers' who perform all sorts of odd jobs outside of the law for shady mega corporations.One moment you might be escorting a scientist through a rival corporations lab to sabotage their research, and the next, hunting down a rogue trash compactor robot that has slaughtered the crew on a massive space ship.The humour is witty and the story is interesting and laden with choices, there are undoubtedly multiple endings as every story mission is filled with opportunities to advance the plot in different ways and to chose who or what to assist. Want to play as the good guy? The villain? The Cash chasing morally dead merc? The revolutionary? Choices everywhere, and I doubt I am too far through the story even after 20 hours of playing!Each of the crawler classes are wildly different from the other, and their 3 skill trees each offer different play styles. Maybe you want an explosion loving soldier who fills the screen with rockets and bombs, to hang out with an insane girl who communicates with and summons Cthulhu inspired creatures from a parallel universe. Said insane Void Summoner also has hilarious dialogue.Outside of combat, each class offers unique options for exploring the worlds! Some can get access to loot and secret areas that others cannot possibly reach (for example the Cyber Ninja is agile enough to traverse tiny crawl spaces, and the Engineer can send one of his robots into all sorts of places). Various classes even modify found loot. Perhaps, while raiding an office building and, like any good RPG'er, you search EVERYTHING, one finds a stash of drugs hidden in some corporate schmuck's desk. If you have a smuggler with you, he/she (after a good sampling, of course) will put their illicit knowledge to good use and identify the pills rewarding you more valuable loot.Suffice to say, it's really tough choosing which 4 (out of 8 classes) crawlers to bring with you on a mission, as they all offer really fun and useful abilities and options.In closing, I highly recommend this game to fans of the dungeon crawling genre, its funny, rewarding, fresh and worth the time!"
76561198054140780,Recommended,318970,25658380,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jubal Early,This game absolutely delivers on what it promises. It's tough but easy to learn. I have character commitment issues and usually find that I'm eager to start a new team. Graphics are smooth and much better than I expected honestly. I definitely recommend.
,Recommended,318970,28958446,Posted: 2 January,all,SypherZent,"I have very niche interests in games. Graphics don't matter as much to me as gameplay and entertainment value. My favorite aspects of games are squad building, base building, exploration, decent turn-based combat, loot grinding (quality over quantity, and variety in terms of effects).This game doesn't have the base building, but it really scratches the itch of the other aspects of gameplay I enjoy.I can't wait until the content patches start coming with more locations, items, and overall variety.I still haven't gotten very far in terms of storyline, or level, but I'm really looking forward to it.Haven't really had that urge to play a game in a long time.You know when you're working and thinking ""dang, can't wait to finish to play""!Thanks to the devs, and please keep up the good work!Looking forward to much more content. :)"
76561197997095383,Recommended,318970,27946717,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Neurotic,"Really fun old-school RPG with grid-based movement.  Like a sci-fi version of the Might&Magic games, but even better with faction reps and some other really fun mechanics."
,Recommended,318970,24411901,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,A103,"One of the great early access game that doesn't look like a complete mess.The Good:-The gameplay is smooth at 60 fps and with lots of amazingly cool effects (e.g.Prototype's Arm Cannon, Void Psyker's skills, etc.) however it's kinda repetitive after playing it for 50 hours.-Soundtracks are good it really fits the setting in this game.-Cool graphics.-Almost bug free despite being early access.-Randomized maps (Story maps are not randomized)-The developers are active in the steam forumThe Bad:-Needs more balancing (and more backpack slots)The TL;DR:Starcrawlers is a great sci fi dungeon crawler game with great gameplay, graphics and soundtrack8/10"
76561198038091775,Recommended,318970,29913777,Posted: 13 February,all,Amor Sin,"This gameHoly poop this game.Normally I stray away from early access but hot diggity this game is pretty great.Basically its a crpg with a lot of options in game play, several classes with trees. In addition lots of missions as well as a pretty dang good campaign. I've experienced few bugs and lemme tell you the art style might take a bit getting use to but the combat and free play are great. Honestly I love Crpg combat but the problem is most of them aren't as combat based. This game is an exception as it is pretty combat based.AlsoShadowrun refrences."
76561198048507721,Recommended,318970,18269090,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dreaguh,"It's Grimrock in SPACCEEEEEEE. This game is an old school dungeon crawler game with a Scfi setting done right, Keep in mind it is early acsess but the game is being updated often and still offers quite a bit of fun, if real Dungeon Crawlers is one of your things then you will enjoy this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,318970,31968190,Posted: 26 May,all,Nikol Naeblis Grall,Fun game that has a classic feel with a sci-fi facelift. Reminds me of the Good ole days of Dungeon Master and Eye of the Beholder while at the same time adding some of the flavor of Shadowrun.
76561197971249727,Recommended,318970,15082265,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Frak,I honestly CANNOT stop playing this game. Damn you StarCrawlers! Stop sucking up all my free time!
,Recommended,318970,25700049,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vapor,"Awesome dungeoncrawler, clearly inspired by Shadowrun and Firefly in setting. Do jobs for evil corporations, build connections, collect loot, level your characters, make decisions. Very fun and addicting."
,Recommended,318970,27660495,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ignis,"Very interesting game that will suck a lot of your time. Wizardry in space, great atmosphere and great gameplay."
,Recommended,318970,25847073,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dyingdemon,"Bought this game while I was on a dungeon crawler kick. I didn't expect much, at all, from this game. I was wrong...VERY wrong. Has a engaging storyline, filled with rather... odd humor from your crawler crew. The game itself is pretty much simple. You, The player, Assume the role as a leader of a bunch of space mercs. You accept jobs, crawl through random generated ""dungeons"" as you search for items/kill targets/hack terminals in order to complete your contract. You do, however, also have a main storyline that needs completing, and as you do so, it has major effects on your contract work. Must pay attention to your Factions and enemies. Remember, You might make a friend with one job, but that only means more enemies to put a boomstick in ya.PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS IS A EARLY ACCESS REVIEW. ANY BUGS LISTED ARE ISSUE TO FIXING AS TIME GOES ONGraphics: 8/10 The graphics have a cellshaded/hand drawn feel to them. A very science fiction comic book meets cartoon feel. They are rather attractive but have been marred by many glitches and graphical bugs caused by overlapping textures, or camera glitches.Sound: 8/10 Sound design is rather pleasent, and the ambient sounds of the enviroment  really build to suspense in some areas of the game. even the SE of battle and skills are well done. The only downside I see is the repetition of music. After hearing the same music over and over and over, mission to mission, you kinda put on your own and mute the game.Controls: 7/10 The controls are ok. They arn't very clunky, but their not intuitive either. at least not at first. After about 1 or 2 hours of playing, it becomes second nature. I do have 2 recommendations though, Use your flashlight and free look always on. The battle controls on the other hand are super easy. A very nice throwback to rpg/dungeon crawlers of old. A simple click and select system, with plenty of ways to defeat your foes. Just make sure you set up your skills and strategies right.Total score: 7.7/10Worth your time and money, But will be more worth it once the developers are done with the final polishing. That is about the only way I can break this down to ya."
,Recommended,318970,31959829,Posted: 25 May,all,Mr. Bad,Warning for those of you who use the Razer surround sound.  You will not be able to play this until the Dev gets a fix from Razer.   The game is playable if you uninstall the Razer Synapse software.   Of course you lose the ability the software offers.   I will buy this again once that issue has been fixed.Update ***The Dev has put in a workaround for this issue until they hear back from Razor.
76561197970582964,Recommended,318970,27354327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RoniZ,"Pretty good game so far.No gameplay issues, beside balance of certain skills.I like that the skill trees have more depth than it looks, with well thought mechanics, lot of possible synergies between classes etc..The only thing missing at the moment is more endgame content like a longer and finished storyline, new game+, more interactions with factions and incentives to them, anything to make the enjoyment last longer."
76561197963975438,Recommended,318970,31160817,Posted: 15 April,all,Grampybones,"Overall a wonderful turn-based cyberpunk game!Love the pace of the game, the classes and just the overall cyberpunk atmosphere.  The main story line has been good, even though its not finished, and the randomly generated side quests are fun. I love the whole faction system in this game as you will indeed♥♥♥♥♥♥off some corporations during the course of the game and the decisions that you make.The game has good replay-ability and is easy to play and get into for people not familiar with turn-based dungeon crawlers.Highly recommend this game!Grampy"
,Recommended,318970,31384132,Posted: 26 April,all,Lord Cucumber,"One of the coolest roguelikes I have ever played!- Early Access devs that actually care (rare!).- Cool developing story, and a clear choice to follow it or ignore it.- Character/class development that matters.- Excellent scifi atmosphere in a rogue-like environment.- A universe filled with factions you can manipulate in all kinds of ways.- Choices towards factions actually come back to bite you, or help you!- Turn based combat, vicious as well as challenging.- Step based exploration, old school 3D tile style.- Weapons & Armour you can collect and modify ingame.- Great variety in environments, adversaries and quests.- The occassional dungeon puzzle.- Ironman mode, invoking great sense of achievement.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off  Service Robots that throw kitchenware at you.10/10 would rob large corporations for shady revolutionaries again"
76561197979720867,Recommended,318970,27234767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[WUB] Vampblader,"With first person dungeon crawling RPGs being so rare these days this game is already a little gem in the rough, and even though it's still in early access it's already wonderfully addictive."
76561197970931755,Recommended,318970,25002626,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,owl99,"This game is a refreshing take on a classic dungeon crawler without the crap graphics.  Love the humor, the puzzles, RPG, fun classes and an interesting story line.  Take her for a spin, worth every penny."
,Recommended,318970,25108874,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,doerteshobby.com,"The game's mechanics are best described by a few tags: Indie Rogue-like round-based sci-fi dungeon crawler RPG. Beware of a lot of text in the game, but all the reading rewards you with an interesting setting and funny characters.You can make a lot of decisions which influence the standing with some faction or the other in the game, which in turn has an influence on the kinds of missions you can get. The combat is challenging and tactical, the graphics are pretty good for an indie.Recommended if your interest is sparked by one of the tags in the first paragraph. If you dislike repeating (not repetitive!) gameplay, loot comparisons or rogue-like mechanics, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,318970,26744279,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Stay_Frosty75,"EDIT Dec 28th - Quicksave has been added for mid-mission! My review is now a positive one. THANK YOU for listening to your customers!For me this is a NO.  What I did play was great and loved it.  BUT!!!  There is no mid-story mission save, and so far nothing on the roadmap further to add one before or after launch.  The main story missions can run for an hour, they are designed that way.  And with no way to save in between, if I have to get up for some reason and leave due to life interruptions, etc, there goes all my progress.  Due to my lifestyle, I play in shorter bursts.  This game doesn't suit my playstyle, therefore I can't recommend it for people in the same circumstances and needs as I.  I want to play this game! But knowing I could lose all my progress because I have to get up, just leaves a sour taste and ruins my motivation to explore further and progress.If this ever changes, I will change my review to a positive one.  Until then, moving on!"
76561198019928788,Recommended,318970,27557732,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,breeze,"So much love and talent been put into the game! It's sorta mix of an good ol' Grimrock, coupled with futuristic ideas I saw in Underrail, Shadowrun and Dex, plus some quite original ideas on top. And it's all damn well balanced for an in-dev stage. Can't wait for the full release :3"
76561197970648718,Recommended,318970,28930252,Posted: 1 January,all,{(.:A.o.S:.)}Atheum,"Early Access Review:First Impressions have been good.  I've looked into this game prior to purchasing.  While still an EA release, I bought the game.  Typically I only purchase games that are full release, Starbound and StarCrawlers being the only two exceptions.  Starbound because it took so long before fully released.  While, StarCrawlers looks pretty much close to complete.  I recommend it.Likes:Music has CyberPunk feel - win!Atmosphere – It’s a DARK space station – win!Flashlight – check - does it have effect on the enemy?Class choices – win!Abilities, Weapons, Loot – so far so good!Combat feels engaging and flow acceptable – win!Freedom of Choice – win!Hidden items/objects use – win!Game Currency – I’ve made roughly 100 creds by finding credit sticks throughout the two levels I've played which is a great idea to get me to look at stuff in the levels.  Turned quest in for 100 creds.  I should be able to hire a recruit now.   We’ll see where the grind comes in if at all.Maps – Easy to understand and they were not extremely long and overly difficult which I liked.Dislikes:No PC XBOX Controller Support – Fail!  I hope this can get added prior to full release."
76561198018811143,Recommended,318970,28903318,Posted: 1 January,all,uttgeneric,"I got this game as part of a Christmas splurge and it ended up being my favorite of the bunch, then I came back and realized it's still in early development.Hopefully that will ultimately resolve my one real complaint, which is that the controls are jerky and for the twitch of sneaking past cameras that can be problematic and result in nanite death.The story/setting is loaded with homages and inside jokes for science fiction fans. It's hard to come by science fiction RPGs, but this one definitely scratches the itch. Can't wait to see what the final form will be.Edit: Latest rev has smoothed out the controls nicely and improved the scenery."
76561197961015780,Recommended,318970,30951230,Posted: 4 April,all,Sutr,Good old fashioned dungeon crawler with a scifi twist. Worth your time and purchase.
76561198027118363,Recommended,318970,31993493,Posted: 27 May,all,Reine,"Highly recommended, if you like turn based dungeon crawlers with a taste of scifi, go get this. I love all the skills, and their interaction with each party members. The random dungeons are interesting too, with tons of secrets to discover. Excellent writing all around."
,Recommended,318970,31152662,Posted: 15 April,all,Cha0sbreaker,"StarCrawlers is a turnbased, gridbased first person dungeon crawler, with a delightful change of setting.Good turnbased, gridbased dungeon crawlers are hard to come by, and StarCrawlers delivers, gloriously so.Bought this gem back when it was EARLY-early access, haven't regretted it one bit.Graphics are pristine, music is captivating, mechanics are flawless, and the game can be as hard as you want it to be.There's even a hardcore mode (that is genuinely hardcore) for the hardcore gamers of yore.If you like the genre, you pretty much *have* to get this.If you like scifi/cyberpunk, you pretty much *have* to get this.If you like both, well, I'm assuming that by now, you just got this."
76561198029797218,Recommended,318970,31984119,Posted: 26 May,all,Lorebass,"This Game, I haven't had so much fun in years.Sci-fi dungeon crawler with reogue-ishly generated dungeons and a good smattering of designed levels to help a story (that feels really fun if not super unique) along.  Healing in-quest is hard and buying equipment is well... Too expensive to outfit your whole crew.  Just hope that the few perishable items you brought with you are the ones you need!When the password is a cat's name and Ietter detailing a lady's dog left a ""rare drop in her slippers""... Great fun!I also really appreciate the free look feature, works really well and keeps the game feeling like to old square-by-square dungeons (but you can have that if you want!).Excellent MusicGood StoryBunches of LootNotes about silky rarer balls... Phantastic!And an very good price."
76561198007643183,Recommended,318970,32047854,Posted: 29 May,all,Dardobul,"TL:DR Great game, passionate devs.Ive just sent an email to Jim Sterling, shouting out you guys as being an example of early access done right.Played a good 20 or so hours in development, and another 15 or so since ""launch"", and everything is what was promised and shown, just ""better"" and ""more"". The classes feel a lot more balanced, enemies in different areas feel a lot more distinct compared with EA, which did suffer a little from ""same stats different model"" that a lot of dungeon crawlers struggle with.If i have to level a criticsism, it would be that a lot of the new systems are very poorly demo'ed by the tutorial now. As an example, hacking seems to have had a complete rip out and replace (no more thor freya and loki T.T) and the auction functionality completely confused me when the 2 tutorial items you can auction had no bidders. A simple text pop-up explaining the need for a hacker/autociphers, and how auctions work would be fantastic for both of these.Finally, it is fantastic that this game will run on my potato of a laptop. I deeply appreciate the lack of ""spec creep"" that plagues some other early access games, rendering them unplayable to me after a while.I am deeply excited to see what you guys do next!"
,Recommended,318970,33871828,Posted: 28 July,all,Iconix,"Great indie turn based dungeon crawler in space with a lot of loot, weapon upgrade system, multiple classes and a fair smattering of humor. Nice hand crafted story missions with randomly generated missions available. A good reputation system with the mega corps, that can reward you or have them trying to kill you depending on your rep levels with each.Having backed this early and playing throughout it's development, it's come a long way and an excellent buy for 20$."
,Recommended,318970,33955447,Posted: 1 August,all,Vaelund,"Awesome sci-fi dungeon crawler.Nice art style, you might not even notice that all enemies are just sprites, because they are well drawn and animated.Levels are random generated from a limited selection of rooms, so they can feel repetetive. Speaking about repetition: stay away if you cannot stand a little grind, because there is quite a lot of it.As a counterweight, the actual story missions feel refreshing, probably because they were created by hand."
76561198011172041,Recommended,318970,15222737,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,allanpike,Love this game its just in Beta would would recommend picking up
76561197991203072,Recommended,318970,32009121,Posted: 27 May,all,Cabel_Blacke,"Saw some recommendations about this game on an RPG review site and gave it a try, as the price seemed reasonable. I'm glad I did, as it is a fun modern take on the traditional dungeon crawler with a healthy dash of shadowrun worked in for good measure. Solid mechanics, nice class system, fun visuals and music. Solid game, especially for the price!"
,Recommended,318970,15038216,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,XanderWulf,"Can’t get enough of this game.I've been following this game since it was on Kickstarter and I'm ecstatic to see what small indie dev teams like this can make!  This is a great sci-fi take on the dungeon crawler genre, that lets me explore mazes of spaceship corridors and storage rooms while keeping me on my toes with challenging encounters.Sure the game needs a little balancing with combat but its Early Access and that’s to be expected.  The devs are really responsive with bug fixes and updates so I’m positive it’s only going to get better from here.  I wish more Early Access games stated out like this.  Also a stellar soundtrack provided by Ben Prunty who also worked on FTL makes for a great atmosphere along with some fun times like in the hacking areas of the game.This game has a ton going for it for just launching on Early Access and its totally worth the money, support, and love. Great job guys!"
76561198070126792,Recommended,318970,31961062,Posted: 25 May,all,johndoe1927,"This is a pure RPG experience. Star Crawlers reminds me of the glory days, when Might and Magics roamed the earth. If you love character building, lewt, and gaining rep with shadowy factions....buy this game now!"
76561198004178990,Recommended,318970,31944183,Posted: 24 May,all,Dakart,Very creative.  Very fun.  So many interesting class skills!  Highly recommended if you're a fan of blobbers.
76561197994408157,Recommended,318970,31989806,Posted: 26 May,all,DrFetid,"An incredible mix of awesome theme and setting, sweet soundtrack and tight mechanics. A bit oldschool, a bit new and subtle humor make this game very enjoyable."
76561198099958341,Recommended,318970,14981273,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Gunnasdawter,"I have a bit of a soft spot for tile based RPG's ever since playing games like Dungeon Master and Captive on the Atari ST years ago. I have recently played the Grimrock games, and was kind of hoping for a Captive redux of some sort... unfortunately StarCrawlers is not that game... it is, however, very enjoyable, and very welcome.The gameplay itself is tile based movement with turn based combat, similar to the Might and Magic games, with a kind of cell-shaded, borderlands-in-space style character and dialogue thing going on. I like it - it's obviously a bit clunky and unpolished at the moment, but totally playable. The in-game dialogue has character and wit, which makes it more compelling to play even at this early stage, and don't forget it is early stage - I have already read a couple of negative reviews from people who obviously mistook the words ""Early Access"" to mean ""Final Release"", ignore those myopic buffoons, it's pretty good already, two thumbs up, 11/10 - would crawl again!"
,Recommended,318970,31963292,Posted: 25 May,all,Boomer simpson,"I blindly bought this game because I had no other games to play.  I wish that this game took more inspiration from CRPG's than the Japanese renditions of them (Etrian Odyssey, etc.), but it makes it up to me with its excellent presentation visually and in conjunction with the soundtrack.  I can see how the character portraits look amateurish but I personally believe that it gives them a lot of charm.  I wish it was more like Wizardry 8 (nothing is) but if you're a fan of procedural JRPG versions of the Wizardry ilk then you will probably really enjoy this game."
76561197972995047,Recommended,318970,32037620,Posted: 29 May,all,Coup d' oeil,"Grimrock went into Space.The game is rooted in Cyberpunk. And everyone knows a  Cyberpunk game isn't worth its salt, if the dialog isn't well written. I'm glad to say it is. Not only  that,  but the music and the sound effects are top notch. No plain mono chop sounds here. The characters you control and face really have some amazing  sound effects when casting spells and using abilities. The music gets you punp and  has the cyberpunk tones down.  This isn't as puzzle heavy as Grimrock. There are puzzles  but this is about dungeon crawling, tactics, and loot..LOL look at the time this is posted. it's GOOD!"
,Recommended,318970,32068913,Posted: 30 May,all,Lumadurin,"A great dungeon crawler that will be immediately familiar to people who've played the likes of Wizardry, Etrian Odyssey, and more. Can be a little text-heavy at times, but that's to be expected from this type of game.One thing to note is that the game lacks a ""healer"" class. This means that expeditions are a test of endurance for your party as a whole, rather than solely based on how long your healer's ""MP"" (or equivalent) lasts. This allows for a good degree of experimentation in party compositions, as there is no ""mandatory"" class to bring in groups (although Hacker is highly reccomended due to how frequently its out-of-combat skill checks come up due to the nature of the game's setting).Speaking of experimentation, with:Six different weapon archetypes (each with 3 sub-types) with their own benefits and drawbacks for each.Three different types of shields.Three different types of armor.All gear being randomly generated diablo-style (random stats, perks, 5-notch rarity system)Seven different classes (+ one hidden class), each one having three distinct skill trees.There's a lot of different setups to experience.Length is good for the price as well. A single playthrough on normal took about ~20 hours (with moderate sidequesting). But there's also multiple story paths, four difficulties and two layers of New Game+ (+ and ++), in which enemies are scaled up and even new types of enemies appear, so it appears to have ample replayability as well."
76561198012353561,Recommended,318970,15710992,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,sarf,"NOTE: Review for the Early Access versionSci-fi turn-based dungeon crawler with truly different classes, the beginnings of an interesting loot system and the possibility of a story holding your attention while you grind loot or reputation.Currently, my team (built on primarily dodge-based armour) has no problem laying waste to their enemies. There are areas where I feel that my team (Void Psyker, Cyber Ninja, Soldier and Smuggler) are lacking (AoE damage, in particular), but I have tried the other classes and swapping out any one of them for another would simply open up bigger holes.I personally feel that the Force Psyker tank/shield combo should synergize better than it does; perhaps that will come when the upper tier skills are released. I have tried the Hacker briefly and was less than impressed; even with a fully buffed tree (after the patch; prior you could spam the haste transfer thing for great justice). Have yet to try the Prototype (since patch notes and forum imply a few non functioning abilities).Stuff that I would like to see: functional buffs on loot would be nice, as currently I do not see a reason not to go all +dodge (as long as you have a Cyber Ninja that can exploit it), more storyline (but will never be enough), some sort of result from the rep system (might need to remove a few reputations or give way to get reputation for specific faction/corporation).In conclusion, this has been a really fun Early Access game to just play, and I look forward to trying out more content!"
76561198022248281,Recommended,318970,15038504,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Barlone,The game is great. I mean it has great potential. As I understand authors are now presenting core mechanisms and more content will be added before full release as the game now is kinda flat. But if you liked wizardry this is exactly title for you.What do I miss (as the autors for say that we who bought game early should help to form game)1) Story where consequences matter (without it it will be just another Grimrock)2) More diverse combat in terms of effects - inspiration can be wizardry - there were at least two dozens different effects in combat that really did matter3) More places - so far there is a mission hub and random generated dungeon. This is good but not enough. Creating environment in such engine can be easy so you can create planetlike dungeon or some semipersistent area4) Monsters can be seen from distance but you cant really do anything about them  they move to you and than there is combat - maybe if you see them ahead you should be able to harass them with weapons or start up some buffs ...5) More character equipment slots. So far you have weapon armor shield and miscelaneous. Maybe its enough but I dont think so. Having only 4 options per character is too littleBut I really do recomend this game as it has great potential to become new wizardry of 21st century
,Recommended,318970,31980364,Posted: 26 May,all,TonkRogerio,"This is a cool game. If Deus ex 2 had a baby with Wizardry on the snes, this is what it would look like.You have a hub world in which you get randomly generated quests. It has shops with randomly generated items too. You can get your team at the ""bar"" and then go on these quests.Loot is cool. the rarer the loot, the more ""upgrade"" slots it has. Upgrade slots can range from buffs and debuffs to simple state upgrades.If you like cyber punk and you enjoy the Wizardry type gameplay, then you'll most likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,318970,31049030,Posted: 9 April,all,haedaeso,"A great grid based dungeon crawler in a sci-fi world with cyberpunk flair.I only played this game through a couple of short 6-7 hour sessions (original and one restart) and never made it very far either time. I was mostly just getting a feel for the game and then trying out some of the changes after a large update.That's a compliment in this case, because I knew it would be leaving early access soon and I didn't want to spoil it for myself.You also build and customize your own party (name/portrait/class/skills) which I always find really enjoyable and StarCrawlers got the formula right. There's enough variety to make things fun, and enough slots to employ one of each class (though you can't take them all on a single mission).Its pretty, polished and really fun - a rare example of early access done right. Updates were frequent and meaningful, and I've watched this great game become even better. Its been hard to resist playing more, but I know I'll be glad I waited. Once it hits official release in May, its going to be a the top of my ""now playing"" roster."
76561198309914367,Recommended,318970,32076340,Posted: 30 May,all,phiser475,"Very cool, there are many storylines tied into this game. Also the graphics are very cool, totally worth the money and the time!"
76561198060701251,Recommended,318970,18215260,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Van Cleave,"One of the best early access currently on Steam.Game is already a lot of fun.Updates are frequent.Devs listen to community feedback and react very fast to it.In its core it is a classic tile base Dungeon Crawler with awesome classes and abilitys.So many synergies between the different classes.There are well crafted and interessting story missions and an infinite amount of random generated missions.For me it feels like a mix between Wizardry, Borderlands and Shadowrun in Space."
,Recommended,318970,14946128,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Marybelle,"Very promising little title that I've been waiting on for a while actually.Gameplay footage, containing intro and tutorial:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUSw4NsSAhw"
,Recommended,318970,32523512,Posted: 17 June,all,Whitejonmichael,"Honestly, I bought this game because it said there'd be cyber-ninjas. There is. There is also a great combat system that plays wonderfully with it's turn order system, character classes that have three skill trees containing their own unique mechanics, an interesting story that allows player freedom (or at least an expert illusion of choice. I'll need a number of playthroughs to find out), and plenty of atmospheric dungeon crawling. A great game that puts most AAA RPGs to shame."
76561197970559171,Not Recommended,318970,32089114,Posted: 31 May,all,Cold Comfort,"StarCrawlers has lots of fun features and seems like it could be great. It just... isn't yet.Pros:Fun characters, classes, and character buildingCons:Poorly explained character optionsFeels like a mobile portRepeated save game corruptionBroken missions which can't be completedOften little synergy between character skill trees, or character classes"
76561197971269530,Recommended,318970,23383168,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,deliamic,Shaping up to be a good game.
76561198078977612,Recommended,318970,23709024,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nylarthotep1984,"game is absolutely awesome!!!  but let me break it down for you as much fun as and as tempting as it is to go Void Psyker and spend all your creds on gear.....damn you'll throw down some dmg but you won't make it past the first two or three missions.  FIRST THING BEFORE GEAR hire another team mate and spec them into something that will do multi target dmg or taunting to help keep you alive.  B/c when you get into these fights against 3-5 bots idc how much burst you have you won't survive.Other than that the game is a dream.  Music 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Combat 10/10So the more time I put into this game I am simply in love.  Its appears your typical old dungeon crawler moving through enviroments WSADQE with a free look mode to gather and look around.  Combat on the other hand enters into a turn based method which you can have a team of ""Crawlers"" who take contracts to board derlict space crafts, corporate offices (this space shadowrun) and kill opposing enemies and factions.  There is a REP system, and a triple skill tree for each class there are 5 or 6 at the moment which make it very customizable.  GOD DERNNN this game is amazing please please suppose these devs this game is amazing."
,Recommended,318970,32047159,Posted: 29 May,all,k1rin,"It seems like this game hasn't gotten a lot of attention for some reason, and only a couple of hundred reviews for something that was in pre-release and now released seems very low for something this good.  I'm writing a review because it just seems like it's under-appreciated.  It's actually an excellent game.  The combat system feels polished, and has a good balance of complex mechanics without requiring spreadsheets and doing a bunch of math between each turn.  Standard difficulty isn't too easy, but it's not too hard either - as with most good RPGs, you can also adjust the difficulty level by grinding more between storyline missions.  Which is to say, you can continue with the storyline without much grinding for higher difficulty, or grind more and level way past where you need to be to continue the storyline and make it much easier.  This is good because if you get stuck, you can just go back and adjust some things or grind out some more exp/gear.Gear and other drops use the now-common WoW/Borderlands color scheme - grey -> white -> green -> blue -> purple -> orange.  There's plenty to go around, and the likelihood of being underequipped seems pretty low, but you need to put at least a little bit of thought into your builds on standard difficulty setting.There's a ""reputation"" system with a bunch of different factions that seems very coherent - if you decide to play an altruistic character, you'll probably have high rep with the citizens advocacy group, but not many others... if you go with a completely amoral character who just pulls down cash, you'll make friends with the corps who are paying you and enemies of the ones they're paying you to go after.  It all makes sense and works out pretty well, but you have to sometimes pay attention to it if you want to make the most of the system.One thing I've noticed is that you can reset a lot of stuff by saving and reloading.  For example, when you check the jobs board, if none of the available jobs allow you to further your interests the way you want to, then you can pay some cash to wait for the next day and a new set of missions.  Or you can just save and reload from the title screen.  This also impacts terminals and other hack-ables.  There're a solid handful of things you can do with terminals but it seems like the game doesn't decide until you touch it, so if you save, attack the terminal, find it's not what you wanted, and then reload, you can try again and perhaps get the terminal you wanted it to be.  This obviously doesn't work with ""iron man mode"" which limits you to a single save file, auto-save only, and prevents you from retconning anything.  Some people like to play that way, I guess.  So if you don't want to be able to do this, there's your solution.Anyhow, if you like RPGs in general, you'll probably enjoy this game.  I'd never heard of it prior to the release and it appearing on the steam store front page under new releases, but it's very much worth a look."
76561197982530266,Not Recommended,318970,31941227,Posted: 24 May,all,Jimmy James,"The core of the game is good, but ultimately suffers from super repetetive gameplay. Only a few hours in I was dreading taking another job to face the thousandth generic robot enemy. It's just not interesting, unfortunately."
76561198009131515,Recommended,318970,31943845,Posted: 24 May,all,partymarty710,THANK YOU for making this game. As a Shadowrun fan I've been waiting for a game such as this for many years. PLEASE update your community regularly and  youll have much support!
76561198009897511,Not Recommended,318970,32115761,Posted: 1 June,all,chardogan,"Thought this would be something like Grimrock, but I could not be more wrong. It is a dungeon exploration game, yes. However, every room has monsters of some kind. I made it to level 18 before I began to see how overpowered the monsters became. Even doing missions that were rated ""Cakewalk"" killed my party within a few fights. Lacking any meaningful ways to heal meant that I would lose a party member for the entire mission after maybe 20% of the dungeon was completed.At first I thought, 'Well, maybe I can avoid some of the monster fights,' and 'Maybe running is the best option.' WRONG. The monsters move twice as fast as your party, so even if you do run, you are quickly caught up to and the battle starts over. That, and all monsters know where you are and you cannot sneak up on them in order to get the drop on them. So, the rogue element that I see several people talk about, that is non-existant.""Well, You need better gear.""I thought about that. Dungeon drops are a joke, Merchant selections are limited and upgrades do little more than make weapons and armor slightly less sucky.My biggest regret is that I didn't realize how much I would dislike this game until after the cutoff for a refund."
,Recommended,318970,33018569,Posted: 29 June,all,Spaceman84,"Saw this game pop up in my feed on release and bought on a whim. Had never heard of it beforehand, but I love my old-school RPG goodness, so I figured I'd give it a go. Rolled a Void Psyker as my main character (basically a space warlock), then got a Smuggler (space gunslinger), a Hacker (NANOMACHINES, SON), and a murderous robot who speaks in Haiku. No, really.And then suddenly it was 2am on a work night.Solid 5/7, would not sleep again."
,Recommended,318970,14941713,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Lord Sej,early access but solid gameplay and all the basics in place. loving it so far
76561198015209396,Recommended,318970,32095229,Posted: 31 May,all,JFG,"Bard's Tale, Wizardry, Eye of the Beholder, Xeen: StarCrawlers has a lot in common with the classic crawlers. Add combat which is closer to a JRPG, some fairly simple skilltrees, and the mission/quest system of a game like Final Fantasy Tactics."
76561198043136655,Recommended,318970,15134660,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,pjb6k,"The child Borderlands & System Shock conceived after being trapped in the brig of Mass Effect's Normandy.I totally love this game.    Meaty, fun combat, excellent art direction.    Nice sound.    A lot of work went into this game & it shows.    Enemies show wear & tear after taking a beating.    Beautiful, haunting soundtrack.     Rougelike, done right!The bugs are few & far between.   Occaisionally, exit doors won't work or your character will level up repeatedly.All in all, I enjoy the background, the Sci Fi action, & the cyberpunk meets Serenity feel.    A worthy purchase!"
76561197996692596,Recommended,318970,15015475,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Omen,Awesome! Can't wait to dive a little deeper into it!
,Recommended,318970,23627495,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Wardancer666,Very nice dungeon crawler in a good scifi setting.
76561197982844462,Recommended,318970,30323777,Posted: 4 March,all,brassi77,"I am an old school rpg fan.  I cannot get into games like Legend of Grimrock or games that are pure dungeon crawlers.  I much prefer some story, quests, towns, shops, the full rpg shebang.  Other than MMX and Swords&Sorcery there really hasn't been any party based blobbers that are full rpgs.  This game is.  The stats and character building is on the lite side but that is really my only complaint.  The combat is really good, the missions are good, everything else is good.This is an easy recommendation for fans of blobbers, or people who like dungeon crawlers but also like traditional full rpg content."
76561198010469962,Recommended,318970,31931213,Posted: 24 May,all,BrendanDH,"This is a great game which will suit anyone who enjoys Scence Fiction, dungeon crawlers and a bit of humour.The basic premise is that you go on randomly generated dungeon crawls in a Science Fiction setting RPGing your way in a grid based fashion.If this sounds like something that you will enjoy then buy the game as it is incredibly well executed.Just do it."
,Recommended,318970,15162076,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Enemy Viper King,"This game.....literally the best turn based rpg I have played. Now that is sying something since I loved Final Fantasy. You get to start by choosing from 7 classes, each with different abilities to help do different things that I won't spoil. Lvlng takes a while and makes the game challenging, which reminds me, get a new party member after the tutorial. you won't regret it. Many funny lines, including at the beginning when the bar tender says to do something and you ask if your getting tutorialled. Oh man that was awesome. And to top it off, the hand drawn design look sick too. All in all, for a early access game, it is amazing. 11/10 stars, get it if you haven't, and have a lot of fun."
76561198031510167,Recommended,318970,15178202,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sourceofpain,"This game is as immerse or as rapid as you wish it to be, always a challenge but never overbearing. The game does not hold your hand and there is much to discover. With few bugs and a stable game engine, fast loading times, decent music, sound, and controls. This game is well worth the price tag."
76561197995946888,Recommended,318970,23897238,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,"Domsch ""Raging Kinski""",Ohhhh those sad holo faces on the bots before going BOOM....10/10 would blow up bots again
76561198041553585,Recommended,318970,30939682,Posted: 4 April,all,roslolian,"disclaimer: I have very little play time but that's only because I'm waiting for full release and just made sure the game was compatible with my hardware. I've watched enough LPs and read enough posts to know what the game is about.The game is essentially an old-school dungeon crawler which I find really ironic since given that it's also sci fi, you have lots of guns and robots and other hi-tech stuff. I'm not that sure but from my experience this is probably the only SciFi party-based dungeon crawler around, if it's not the only then it is part of a very rare section of games, just for that alone it's worth a look. Add in a very polished product, active development by dedicated devs and some loot based game play and you're in for a good time.Pros:-Cheap price! Remember how much Might and Magic X cost when it launched? Well this is like a 3rd of the price and you get an arguably better experience!-The game is built to support 100s of hours of game play. You have loot-based gaming, the ability to do nigh-infinite dungeon runs and multiple viable classes.-The polish on the product is excellent. The art is first class and the abilities have the requisite ""oomph"", sizzle and shine you need to break the monotony of first person dungeon games.-Very little bugs, this is early access but honestly it's just lacking end game content, almost all bugs are already squashed.-Speaking of end game content, it's missing but honestly the game supports endless runs similar to what a roguelike would do, if you level up all your men and collect powerful loot you won't even notice the missing content as you do dungeon after dungeon.-Secrets galore. What dungeon crawler wouldn't be complete without secret rooms you need to discover?Cons:-Only 1 hub  and ""samey"" dungeons. At the end of the day this is still made by an indie coompany and you can't expect multiple terrains so I guess it's not reasonable to expect AAA production values after all the game also costs a fraction of a true AAA title-Sci-FI theme might not be appealing to some. I urge you to give it a try though, this game will not disappoint if you're looking for a great pc based dungeon crawler-Puzzles! I hate puzzles with a passion :( But if you like them this game has some and they're not the ""click the switch and the door will open"" varietyAll in all this game is one of the gems in Steam and I hope it gets a lot of success.  A true testament to how a small indie team can create a great product on par with others made by much bigger companies."
76561198006047669,Recommended,318970,27403344,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ritchieroo,Not a bad little dungeoncrawler on Early Access.
76561198026090280,Recommended,318970,32117973,Posted: 1 June,all,brah,+ Turnbased combat+ Interesting classes+ Lighthearted writing+ Good music (could use another combat track tho)- Lack of enemy variety- Loot is pretty lame- RNG infestedAll in all good value for the price - recommended
76561198246011948,Recommended,318970,28148811,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,cheapsix,Lots of fun.
76561198010024554,Recommended,318970,33838678,Posted: 27 July,all,Welcome to LP,I enjoy this game very much.Can we have level editor and workshop support?
76561198079207833,Recommended,318970,15213514,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ship,Great rouge like game and way to pass the time
76561197973245321,Recommended,318970,31987599,Posted: 26 May,all,Crescendolor,"This is the exact game I've been looking for.Solid interface, smooth as silk, with great music......but the music gets a little old after a while, and some of the missions really start to slog. I mean, I just got out of a side mission that took me like two hours to beat. I think that some sort of ""auto-resolve"" option would go a long way."
76561198395604204,Recommended,318970,32317648,Posted: 10 June,all,izvon2017,"an amazing game.- flashlight really sux- mobs are 2d, so when looking from a levelled ground you just laugh wtf.+ interesting storyline+ you have to change strategy every few levels to dominate+ despite having only 4 inventory slots per character, eq synergy is very deep+ party synergy is deep as well+ its always a lot to learn"
76561197995027192,Recommended,318970,24083243,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kaotic_Slaughter,Great fun. Can't wait to see what the devs have planned!
,Recommended,318970,16844678,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Upa Oba Opa,Great CRPG that brings a lot of rpg elements from different games into one in a sci-fi universe. Running very well for an EA game.
76561197994706450,Recommended,318970,32045340,Posted: 29 May,all,jzodda,"This game is very addicting!I have not been able to put it down. The combat is fun, leveling is fun. Hard-core mode is just that.I remember reading about this game over three years ago and forgot all about it. I am glad that I read a review and bought this. Solid!"
76561198086087452,Recommended,318970,15028730,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,CyberDown,Its not bad at all and its a Sci-Fi dungeon crawler.
76561198042521134,Recommended,318970,32494886,Posted: 16 June,all,largepaw,"Great Game, Devoted Dev's and New Plus X2. OMG pick this one up you will not regret this buy."
76561198059860074,Recommended,318970,29015217,Posted: 4 January,all,SideWays,"SciFi, turn-based, dungeon-crawling! Hell to the Ya! Great game too."
,Recommended,318970,34624969,Posted: 30 August,all,Mister Shine,"If I can't have Etrian Odyssey on PC...Also, how many Sci-fi blobbers are there? The dialogue is pretty great too as a Psycker."
,Recommended,318970,32158463,Posted: 3 June,all,Jaysyn,Excellent game.  Feels like a mix of System Shock & Dungeon Master.
76561198003174259,Recommended,318970,32049313,Posted: 29 May,all,CrankyCoon,"Great game for the most part, except the main story.  I don't like puzzles, so I mainly stuck with running random missions and getting experience and loot.  When I did the story, I just didn't care because I hit a wall every time a puzzle came up, some worse than others.That's why I think running random missions was both good and bad.  I got used to clearing rooms and looting, so when it came time to do a story mission, it threw off my groove.I never beat the game, but I am happy to say I enjoyed it to the fulliest."
,Recommended,318970,14997335,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,A very good game. hope they keep developing it. and wish u guys add weapon models to First Person view.
76561198052626055,Recommended,318970,32006386,Posted: 27 May,all,WpgCyan,Fantastic. Satisfied my grimrock itch i've had for awhile. So much to do. Replayable. Fun.
76561198070623313,Recommended,318970,32011611,Posted: 27 May,all,MrSean,Fun turn based game. Reminds me of wizardry.
,Not Recommended,318970,34909893,Posted: 12 September,all,Sinaesthesia,"So this game got me hooked and I LOVE IT... however...I have found like many others apparently that there are some major flaws which I am compelled to point out.  It looks like I'm going to find all sorts of nifty ways to use my character classes.  I mean, the way the dialog and story line is written out, it's exciting and fun how your team interacts with each other and the world, how you gain and lose reputation.  It's a fun juggling romp which makes you feel connected to actual entities in space, which not a lot of games are so fluent in creating.  I love the setting, I love the relationship of the corporations and how every class has been written in with their own personalities.Atmospherically and contextually, and other big words, Starcrawlers is so easy to sink into.  The classes are a great blend of sci-fi persona with both traditional and original concepts.  I think the Psykers are very cool yin and yang ideas.  All together this game looks to be amazingly well rounded, and it is a blast to start getting your toes wet in the crawl.Then hours later, unfortunately you start to realize things aren't making sense.  As I have progressed, I start looking at these skill trees up and down and going, ""What the hell?"".  The abilities are all just about doing the same thing, damage this way, damage that way, but hardly any of them make a difference.  I hate to say this, but they are all just different spellings of doing the same thing.  Doing damage with different presentations.There seems to be somewhat strong identities from class to class, but I'm not seeing how they're being used to they're full potential.  For instance, the Cyberninja has the ability ""Ambush"", which is on the 1st tree, 2nd tier, and takes advantage of enemies who are BLINDED.  That's great!  So look around and see what other abilities cause BLIND....  Uhhh.. ok I see one... It's the ""Shadowfall"" ability that's on the 3rd tree, 5th tier?!So I'd have to master tree 3 before I could strategically use a very young branch from another.  With that kind of logic (or lack there of) that practically forces me to focus on tree 3 before anything else, which in this is example is merely something considerably minor.. right?Well... maybe that's not so much of a big deal.  Maybe it's a matter of finding skills that cause BLINDNESS from other classes.  That would be cool!  That would really make the cohesion of the team work together!  Let's see... nope.. nope.. nope AH, Void Psyker!  He/She has some tricks for that.  Great...  But that's it?  Seriously, of my whole team (discluding Soldier and Engineer thus far) I only see one or two classes that barely utilize this debuff.  It's not just that, there seems to be a lack of noticeable relation to each other.  As if they're just put there as a decal.Now looking at all these other conditions like Dazed, Charmed, Confused, Stunned... and VULNERABLE... whatever the hell that means?  You see what I'm getting at? These buffs and debuffs, to me, appear aimlessly scattered around.  You look through it all and you find a HUGE lack of correlation between skills.  The Smuggler is a prime example of this with its traps.  Just random outcomes and no follow through.  What does the Smuggler do, or for that matter, any other class or weapon, that can take advantage of these effects?But maybe I'm barking up the wrong ""tree"". (pun intended) What about the elements? Besides debuffs, you have an array of ""elemental"" damage types, (Fire, Force, Nanite, Void, Corrosion... am I missing any?) but what difference do they make besides a name? How am I gonna know what I'm guarding against or, like others have mentioned, what makes one armor or shield more useful than another?  It's not completely without effect, fire burns, and corrosion melts armor I guess, and maybe the others have their own nature, but hell if I know?  THERE IS NOTHING, NO GUIDE, NOT EVEN A PROPER WIKI that is going to explain any of this to you.I would say it's it's all just random, but I can't because I don't know.  Many of these trees, from top to bottom, have nothing to offer that consist of any strategy.  It's just damaging, straightforward and no kind of tandem to speak of.  Some skills make other skills obsolete and pointless.  Just previous lame versions you trade out.  And mixing two trees is just as sterile.  Using the Smuggler as an example again, he/she has a trap mine that damages all or most enemies once triggered... well, in the Gunslinger tree there's ""Trick Shot"", and what does it do?  Damages up to three targets, which, most of the time, that's the magic enemy number.  They both use the damage type of your weapon.  If you want to spend all day trying to figure out what makes those two any different, or reason as to why you're ""building"" a character in any form or fashion, you're going to get ridiculously frustrated.  It's pointless... that's my point.It's all broken, or never assembled really.The only part of this game that I have found any strategy with at all is TIMING, and it's one repeated pattern. Simply put, BUFF allies and infect enemies with Hacker, let everyone else unleash their ""skills"" (multi-colored damage output) and when you want to really laugh at them, pull another Hacker trick by speeding up a teammate. and he gets to cut in line.  This works great when you time your timing, (LOL) and you pull one member in for a finisher.That's my next subject... The Cyberninja and Prototype overkill.  Want to make sure you always have the upper hand?  ""Acid Rain"" and ""Overcharge"" are ridiculous trump cards.  That's all I'll say about that.So I think that's all I need to say for my 2 cents.  I'm gonna thumbs down this game.  I hope that it will encourage the developers to think about putting as much thought into the mechanics as they have into the world.  I love the atmosphere and I love the just about everything this game presents except for this big stump.  It just seems unfinished.  I don't quite understand the high rating of this game unless they were made in the first 6 hours of playing.  It's such a beautiful game with so many enticing elements.  I think people must have the same idea as I had, that you're adventuring and exploring and finding gear, and maybe you're not sure about how it all fits together yet, but that's part of the adventure is finding out later.  Well... I'm sorry to say this but there's a major disappointment ahead.  The only thing to figure out is how many times you'll pay to reset all your ability points before realizing you're not working with a full bag of tricks.This is what bugs me, again, the elements are there but are not being used!  So because I actually DO believe in this game.. I mean.. I'm ready for the REAL VERSION.. whether that be a complete overhaul update (which would be nice) or STARCRAWLERS 2 (which should happen anyway) ...I'm going to give some suggestions to the Juggernaut team.PLEASE, finish the combat system.  All it would take is a little TLC.  Make the skills stand out.  Give the crawlers abilities that work in conjunction with each other so you can really use the timing of your crew in different ways.  I'm sure this was the goal in the first place, but I know what happened... the engineer for the skill system and stats mechanics was abducted by space worms as you were nearing the end of the kickstarter campaign... these things happen.Look at this crappy review by me and... understand I represent the common, and not all that successful of a gamer ...consider the outline of what I and others have identified about your product and take some pride in your creation!  I can shamelessly give this game a thumbs up in my heart.  It's got the soul of something that could be the foundation of a continuing epic.Anyway, I'm going to keep going at it, maybe I'll figure a little more out and get to the end of the story.  Maybe.. be nice to come back to it working right. -J"
76561197981935175,Recommended,318970,31945229,Posted: 24 May,all,The Neen,"Shadowrun Meets Legend of Grimrock, In Space."
,Recommended,318970,25484530,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dusty,"Start the gameNamed my male charactor ""Mal""Chose the class as Smuggler with gunslinger buildJump right into missionsCollected enough credits to hire a female Soldier Named her ""Zoe""Proceed to hire a female Phyker , named her ""River""And a female Engineer ""Kaylee""There ain't no power in the verse can stop my team !"
76561198026432447,Recommended,318970,32825808,Posted: 26 June,all,jdeiley,"I was hesitant to purchase this game. Most crawlers are just more of the same and get pretty boring after a while. This is not the case with this game. It has a story behind it and I'm having a lot of fun playing. Game mechanics are good, graphics is fine, and the game appears to be quite stable under Windows 10."
,Recommended,318970,32114533,Posted: 1 June,all,Yoofaloof,"Nice......but there are just too many factions for my liking. I'm getting on a bit so I keep forgetting who I'm supposed to be siding with and losing face with certain factions when I didn't really want to be.Anyway graphics and sound are top notch. Plenty of loot and missions.Do a run, then come back to do another later, else it just becomes a little repetitive.Happy with purchase though."
,Not Recommended,318970,32303626,Posted: 9 June,all,acejavelin,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, the reviews looked good and I don't mind a grid-based RPG that kind of feels like a Point-n-Click game, but it was so slow paced and kind of boring... I was able to get through about 1.5 hours and I was done. Don't get me wrong, the game played well, there were no glitches or problems, it was just not for me. I liked the concept of a reputation engine, it's common in many games but not games of this style, the art in the game was well done, and the controls usable.If turn based RPG's or Point N Clicks are your thing, you might enjoy it. This is one of those games where I wish Steam had a ""Meh"" rating, because it really wasn't bad, but it wasn't good in my opinion either."
,Recommended,318970,34557730,Posted: 28 August,all,BabyGotBack!,a unique little gem we got hereWalked into this little gem on the steam summer sale became a instant classic to me.
,Recommended,318970,23426916,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,"Due to the word limit, I cannot post my review here.  Suffice to say I do in fact recommend this game to people who enjoy a good dungeon crawl.  If you want more specific thoughts, please visitVox Ludicuswhich includes video and some screenshots.For some reason if I try to post any summary, Steam just freaks out haha."
76561198339762822,Not Recommended,318970,33297011,Posted: 5 July,all,my*****48,"This title is very boring. Some good ideas but overall tedious and, well, boring."
,Recommended,318970,31968918,Posted: 26 May,all,Aris,"Excellent space dungeon crawler, highly recommended!"
76561197968301706,Recommended,318970,32041483,Posted: 29 May,all,Lathnip,Great game
76561198006501659,Not Recommended,318970,15019311,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Madwizz,"In its current state of early access I can not recommend StarCrawlers. Here are some of the reasons why:* Unbalance/broken abilites (The Engineer class resource ""Junk"" is suppose to be gathered by some abilites and used by other ones. But as it is now you can use those abilites regardless if you have gathered any ""junk"" at all. The Force Psyker abilite ""Force Hammer"" is so strong that it can one shoot an enemy and then another two turns later even on harder missions. The smugglers abilite ""Shoot First"" that is suppose to trigger when the smuggler is attacked triggers when anyone in the party is attacked even if the smuggler him/her self is dead...).* Little to no ambient sounds.* Uneven character levels (Your party size has a limit of four characters but you can hire a total of eight (that I know of). So some will need to stay behind and will not get experience. The missions you can go on are all based on your highet level character. So low level characters will need to be carryed by higher level characters until thy get to be a sufficient level.That being sayed I think this game has the potential to been a lot of fun ones most of my complants have been fixed and I look forward to playing the game then."
76561198069356228,Not Recommended,318970,32111873,Posted: 1 June,all,Tyrian,game crashes randomly and cant execute after.work more guys. work ♥♥♥♥ing more
,Recommended,318970,14945423,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hidden Inside,"YES YES YES! AND AGAIN YES!VERY RECOMMENDED EVEN THOUGH ITS EARLY ACCESS.What happens if you make a cross between wizardry, system shock and legend of grimrock? THIS GAME and its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!I love this game! I havent played much of it so far but i absolutely adored what ive seen so far!Remember the movement system from MM10 and Legend of Grimrock? Well this game uses the same thing, however the setting is in space/future and it works out amazingly! The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pixel hunting is still in the game and i dont appreciate it, at all however here it felt way more casual, i didnt feel punished for not finding them.The visual effects were fantastic! They felt very organic and in tune with the game, every skill has a nice animation to it, not just generic fireball or some buff with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sound. Yes, ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft learn from these people how to make a game! Character art feel authentic and fitting 100%.The 'observe' function is finally not locked to movement! You can move and keep observing! The 'time measure' was COMPLETELY REMOVED leaving you free to explore! NO MORE TIME CONSTRAINTS. You can sit and enjoy the game, visit that place you liked a few times, check out how things are around, i love it.Sound is done well, i did enjoy the combat music and exploration; 'homebase' however felt annoying mostly.Classes dont feel same-ish at all! Hell there is so much difference between every single one of them its insane! Moreover the internal branching felt very fun aswell - the smuggler using money to attack with his skills being a ♥♥♥♥ing rip offs early in that branch? XD LOVED IT.The game is extremely far from finishing, so far it has 2 missions in the main campaign and a bunch of side ones by the looks of it. Many elements are not finished either, like tier 4-5 skills, additional classes * yeh there is a lot of room there ; D* missing lore texts. However despite all that game looks EXTREMELY PROMISING.I am not a fan of that visual style of games, i absolutely hated many things about Grimrock, like the fact that i had to pixel hunt and was always pressed by time to move on and on and on or be punished. This game fixes all those problems and brings in a refreshing theme. Killed defence droids in the office! 10/10 Speaking about the office: the game is made by creative people with  sense of humor! The worktable for the employyes of some Titan Metalworking or what was it called consisted primarily of Meeting about Synergy, Teamworking excercises and Trust excercises instead of actual work by the looks of it, a hilarious parody of that synergy craze companies around the globe had recently, yes it may be a bit out of date right now, but in the future.... you know the saying 'all new is well forgotten old' ! With ♥♥♥♥ing modern day coolers and drawers and staplers alongside holowatch and defense droids operating on a woking AI i ♥♥♥♥ing love it. Or that 'work hard! we can always replace you with robots! ' disclaimer!The Time unit for weapons and classes feels great, just like in old games like Wizardry or old X-com, its very organic and fits perfectly.What are my hopes: More of this! Please, do not fire anyone involved in the game, its shaping up great! More classes, more missions, more everything. Take another look at 'crafting and improvement' - at the moment if feels more then disfunctional. Review the music in the base - it was one of the 'i hate this' parts of the game. Like when i started and loaded menu/got to the beginning i absolutely hated it just because of the sound. I wanted it muted and gone, was even thinking of closing the game. In Deus ex i remember just sitting in main menu listening to the theme it was that good, here - 1st moments were really ♥♥♥♥ing bad, after it - pure bliss.Ideally id love a button for 'blind' people to have the secret stuff and other clickables highlighted with glow coming from them or something, you know how you couldnt see stuff in diablo you pressed z and items were listed. That sort of thing on clickables as a turn on/turn off mode. Because i know it can ruin the immersion, but for people with broken eyes it benefits the gameplay a lot.9/10 for early access as it is right now assuming there is about a year more in dev time before release. And with the price so liberal? Its  a ♥♥♥♥ing steal!VERY RECOMMENDED EVEN THOUGH ITS EARLY ACCESS."
,Recommended,318970,31934317,Posted: 24 May,all,straygrunty,"It's a Sci-fi Legend of Grimrock, so I love it."
76561198006756264,Recommended,318970,32312993,Posted: 10 June,all,Edgewalker,I freakin love it
76561198072233822,Recommended,318970,34023731,Posted: 4 August,all,IllegalMonitorStateException,Amazing game
,Not Recommended,318970,25170746,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dardenfall,"Weee.  Another 10 minute fight against small cleaning robots.The first mission was great.  Then it seems like they tried to go the humor route and the game lost most of its intrigue and suspense.  Too easy to just grind past the main missions so they become too easy.The game is pretty and unique, but unfortunately became a chore for me."
,Recommended,318970,31927487,Posted: 23 May,all,FalloutBoi,"Do You like Legends of Grimrock and Japanes Dungeon crawlers with a loose story, then this is for you"
,Recommended,318970,14953091,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nordak Balrem ESQ,Just buy it.  What are you waiting for?
76561197980241343,Recommended,318970,31927683,Posted: 23 May,all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Not Recommended,318970,14967427,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,KEVCHARLIE,"Looking forward to more content being added. Would love a story line, Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,318970,30953427,Posted: 4 April,all,Onikuma,"Another generic, RNG-riddled ""roguelike."" Repetitive combat, repetitive environments, repetitive enemy design: every single encounter boils down to ""man I hope my accuracy checks aren't all 1s."" If you want to play a dice roll simulator pretending to be a video game, you can't do any worse than this.Every encounter in this game boils down to one of two outcomes:Outcome 1) Your characters miss every attack, enemies move 2 or 3 times EACH before your guys get to move again, repeat ad naseum for 100 turns until either you've somehow managed to beat it, or your characters dead.The horse♥♥♥♥♥♥begins almost 15 minutes into the game: three bots summoned FIVE adds, and it took me 45 minutes to get through it. There's a limit to my patience, and unfortunately for devs addicted to d100 systems where you need to roll a 99+ to do anything positive, having encounters that last figuratively forever, where I am essentially hitting the same ""attack"" button over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over"
76561197966203934,Not Recommended,318970,31941873,Posted: 24 May,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Stupit game, could farm for a boss with the alarm bots who scanns all the areas in a mission, and as i got 576 of 580 exp it was done,no enemys anymore  its calculated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.....if you cant even grind and your to week for a boss but cant even abbadon a mission cuz you cant beat him  its a total waste. You can Start a new game or an old save and thats No go for me, you waste hours for a mission to see at the end you cant beat the Boss and it was ALL for Nothing.I stay by my Godlike Divinity-OSEE."
,Not Recommended,318970,30298698,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"Has potential to be a good dungeon crawler.  Key word: potential.Infrequent updates and early access hell.I am assessing this product as it is, not as it might be if the developers actually worked on it and finished it."
,Not Recommended,318970,31926445,Posted: 23 May,all,loc,"Wow, just a very frustratinng experience.Terrible save and load system.  You can't maintain your own saves.  Everytime you save it creates a new save file which you manually have to name.   Why?  No quick save except for when exiting the game.  Seems like this was intended as a rogue-like originally.As many have stated the combat is far too RNG based.  Miss 3 times in a row when my accuracy is 85%.  Ugh, okay.  Get killed by robots throwing plates and cups at me.  Ehhhh, not my kind of humor.Itemization is fussy and annoying.  Everything you find is ""different"" not better.   I personally can't stand that style of loot system.  Makes gear progression a headache instead of being fun.No way to heal without medkits which are hard to find.  The game doesn't tell you this so if you start a mission and you run out of medkits towards end of a mission. congratulations you just wasted all that time.  Again more stench of rogue-like.I guess if you're a fan of rogue-likes because you're a masochist and enjoy wasting your time and pooping in a sock is a requirement for your game time.  You might like this game.Oh well too bad, seemed really promising.  I guess I'll keep my eye on it and see if it improves."
76561198023630197,Not Recommended,318970,14974351,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Rusya,Full♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't finish second mission on normal diff. Begin with my favorite all-game class Hacker - Always die.
,Recommended,318970,27798698,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xboctus,"Early 90s dungeon crawler with pretty graphics and fine story.Then I start to play this, my first thought was ""Hey, it is Legend of Grimrock in space"", and thats really good.After 2 hours of play I decided to increise difficulty level - all combats were simply very boring, however, I was need to restart my play for this.I hope in future it will have more branches of story, but otherwise it is good as it is.This game is totaly cost it's money, even in early access state."
76561197982872523,Recommended,318970,25398185,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,_sjc_,I really like the combat!In fact the rest of the game(besides char management/dev) bores and confuses me.  I dont want to spend time on a billion faction and i dont like doing the dungons until the fights(especially hate the traps.)
,Recommended,318970,25975160,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,blint.exe,"Its a fun game, I see lots of potential, its quick, tactical and kinda unforgiving.However:*At the moment its kinda repetitive, and yes I know these types of games are meant to be that but you really feel it."
,Recommended,318970,15233795,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Urisk,"IMPORTANT: My positive rating of the game is based on the massive potential it has in my opinion – it is NOT a recommendation to buy it in its present state! If you don't want to read my lengthy review in its entirety feel free to skip to the “Recommendation” section to find out why.Furthermore this review may have been posted today (2015/04/06), but is mainly based on a small write-up I did for a German community (2015/03/18). There have been no major content patches in the meantime, so everything should still be up to date. Also note that English isn't my native language - so feel free to ignore or complain about all the mistakes I make. ;)- atmosphere / writing:Overall I like the writing so far. There isn't much in the game yet, since the campaign (apart from the prologue, which equals a short tutorial) isn't implemented yet, but what I've seen is nice. I especially like the fact, that character properties that are NOT part of the abilities and numbers on the character sheet also appear to matter. For example there were some spores or stuff like that and not only could the character wearing a full body suit go in without any negative effect, but he also made a comment about that. Very nice detail! Furthermore actual character abilities or classes also provide additional dialogue choices. This isn't really new (looking at games like Baldurs Gate), but something AFAIK rarely developed in first person dungeon crawlers like this one.- visuals and dungeon design:The assets used in the procedurally generated dungeons are quite varied for the most part. More often than not I was very pleasantly surprised how desks most of the time look different – sometimes cluttered, sometimes tidy, but rarely all to repetitive. There have however been instances as well, were assets tend to repeat to often, somewhat staining this positive impression. (Especially the covers of magazines lying around tend to repeat. Admittedly they are a bit more difficult than cups etc., since placing and turning them differently doesn't help, but it's still noticeable.) There are sections that are entirely generated as well as “pre-made” larger rooms. Those larger rooms in itself are spiced up by randomly placed smaller decorative objects or obstacles, but overall the number of these rooms is still rather low and they tend to repeat very often.The quality of the assets is very good for the most part. Considering this is an indie game in early development I'd say they look excellent. However rare cases of 'extremely low res textures' remain. I hope those will be fixed.- Sound and music:Soundeffects are okay-ish, but IMHO somewhat lacking in number. Some things (like for example doors) didn't make sounds for me at all. I hope that's still work in progress.The music however is an entirely different story: It's really great and I presently do consider buying the soundtrack as well. I really does support the atmosphere of the game.- Gameplay:Once I got into the game I found it to be a quite satisfying gameplay experience already. There are interesting synergies between different abilities of different classes. One other thing that I REALLY like about this game is, that it tends to keep the player informed. I would like to consider this a standard for modern RPGs, but unfortunately there have been many cases of 'retroish' Indie-RPGs that consider it to be to 'softcore' to actually provide data to the player. The mention an example: Hovering the mouse over an ability while in combat will preview the effect that executing that ability will have on the turn order. (So for example I will know: “If I execute the medium speed attack I'll have a second turn before the big guy finishes charging up his very painful attack, but if I'd use my slowest attack I'd have to wait for that characters next turn until after the monster has fired.”) In contrast to games like 'Darkest Dungeon' (which I also consider to be very promising) I consider this approach to be MUCH better, because it reduces luck and coincidence in combat. Furthermore: When checking my loot I also get to see the character sheet, where positive and negative effects of equipping the item under the mouse cursor are highlighted in different colours.If I had to state anything negative about gameplay it would be the introduction of new players to the game: The tutorial doesn't give any recommendations for after the tutorial missions. Presently you basically have the choice of buying new stuff for your character or buying an additional character for your party. If by any chance the shop doesn't list any weapon for your character (and you don't yet realize that you could quit and reload the game to restock the shop) you will likely end up buying a new character. What the game does NOT tell you is the simple fact, that pre-equipped weapons of new characters are not suited for ANYTHING at all beyond the tutorial. The difference between a level 1 pre-equipped-new-character-weapon and a level 1 weapon dropped in the dungeon or bought in the shop is MASSIVE. I really don't know why they did this, but presently this results in new players likely ending up with a party of two or three characters that cannot complete missions any more – thus forcing them to restart after about 10 to 20 minutes of gameplay. And in all likelihood they will only do so if they are interested enough in the game to search the forums and find out that they absolutely have to get a new weapon before increasing their party size. Otherwise they might not even know what they did wrong.- Stability and bugs:I did encounter numerous visual bugs (for example walls or doors appearing at places where they were not), but no crashes.- Recommendation:Overall the game already looks very good and I think it might end up becoming a great RPG.HOWEVER: The campaign is not yet implemented at all and the developer has no previous history of storytelling that would allow me to guess how skilled they are in that field. (So far the only previous product of significance by the same developer that I could find was an environment for Playstation Home – the “3D chatroom” on Playstation consoles.)So my recommendation to RPG fans would be to follow this game (and possibly add it to the wishlist), but not buy it unless they are willing to take a risk."
,Recommended,318970,35143622,Posted: 22 September,all,Silt,"This is a pretty good game.  I've been on a dungeon crawler kick recently and this fit the bill.  Not many (if any?) sci-fi type blobbers around, so it was unique in that way.  The various character classes are cool and have some interesting abilities.  Loot is certainly plentiful and if you constantly do red(hard) missions you'll be loaded up with purples constantly.  Don't let the ""hard"" rating of missions scare you, with the right character balance you still pretty much steam roll anything but boss mobs...and they aren't that much harder to deal with.  The randomly generated missions start to feel a little grindy toward the end of the game but the story created missions were really good.  I would have liked to see more puzzles and secrets, as they are a staple of blobber games.  I think my team of Smuggler, Hacker, Soldier, and Void Psyker worked a little too well together because I barely lost any hit points on the final fight! If you like blobbers and sci-fi, pick this one up and enjoy!"
