user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,319050,19301664,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,tmwarwolf,"Chaos Reborn is an unusual combination of a simple card game and an engrossing tactical wargame. Taken at face value, it's a duel between wizards capable of summoning dangerous creatures and unleashing mighty spells of destruction. Now that description could apply to any number of games but there are three elements that make this one special.If Sid Meier once described games as a series of interesting decisions, Chaos Reborn's gameplay could be described as a series of calculated gambles because the random number generator plays a pivotal role in casting and combat. Experienced players frequently describe the game's strategy in terms of risk-management: minimising risk to yourself while forcing your opponent into taking risky actions. Yeah, you could definitely seize the initiative by summoning a majestic Sapphire Dragon on your first turn but a lowly Dwarf would be a safer bet.There will naturally be moments when your gambles don't pay off and even 90% spells fail. Here's the second element that makes Chaos Reborn engaging: tactical improvisation. You don't win duels with the spells in your deck; you win duels with the spells you actually cast. The biggest mistake new players make is anticipating only successful outcomes for risky actions. You'll frequently see wizards rushing towards their opponents aggressively, waving their staves dramatically in the air and then completely embarrassing themselves with a failed cast. This is hugely entertaining when it happens to your opponents; not so much when it happens to you. Hope for success; plan for failure.However, there will also be moments when you absolutely need a creature regardless of the risk involved. Perhaps you need a Hellhound to petrify an advancing Giant. Perhaps you need a Giant Spider to ensnare a rampant Vampire. Here then is the third element that makes Chaos Reborn special: bluffing. Bluffing in this game is accomplished with illusions and they are often the key to victory. Instead of taking the risk of summoning a real creature, players may opt to cast an illusory version of it. Casting an illusion is guaranteed to succeed and illusory creatures function exactly as their real counterparts would but illusions are not without their own risks. If a sceptical opponent chooses to disbelieve an illusion, it immediately disappears so if your entire game plan revolves around one key falsehood, the consequences of being caught out can be far-reaching and disastrous.Using illusions effectively is the most difficult skill in the game to master but the payoff  is huge. The best Chaos Reborn players can leave their opponents frustrated, flummoxed and uttering other f-words by fooling them into disbelieving real creatures and convincing them illusions are real.In other games, you merely defeat your opponents.In Chaos Reborn, you leave your opponents questioning reality.Recommended for:players who love Blood Bowl matches and X-COM battles.Not recommended for:players who are convinced 90% means guaranteed and 10% means impossible."
,Not Recommended,319050,18701259,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lluluien,"I'm going to not recommend this game, but I'm going to do that with the caveat that if you read the positive reviews and think you will like it, you should probably give it a shot anyway.  The game is very pretty, it feels very fluid (no bugs or UI lag that I experienced), and it's definitely a different take on the squad tactics genre.  I have no problems with this game that aren't purely down to personal taste, but I feel like I'm an archetypical player of games of this type, so I feel like I should provide a ""caveat emptor"" for anyone like me that sanity-checks a game purchase with the negative comments before buying.The ""different take"" part above was the part that I didn't like.  This game resolves every single action on an all-or-nothing basis.  Every monster essentially has 1 hit point; the only thing the stats dictate is the hit % chance.  Your spells are the same way; almost all the worthwhile ones have a base of 50-70% chance of success, and if you fail, you lose the spell from your hand, you lose your cast for that turn, and nothing happens except gaining a few points of mana that you can use up to get 3-5% higher chance to cast your next spell.All this resounding success/abject failure stuff happening over and over makes this game INSANELY high-variance.  You can be rolling the opponent, and then he'll make a desperation summon of a couple 30% creatures and succeed, then proceed to dismantle your entire board state with them.  Of course, this happens the other way around too, but do you care, if you're losing that bad?  Wouldn't you like to win because you played well, and then a win like that feels dirty?  On the other hand, if you are playing well, doesn't it feel 10x more dirty when you lose because of something like this?I'll repeat myself above that I don't think this is necessarily a bad design.  It definitely helps with any kind of matchmaking disparity if the underdog can pull out a spectacular win every now and then on a guy that should otherwise beat him 99% of the time.  I bet it also makes more of the games into memorable stories too, something they claim a couple of places on the Steam store page.  I'd probably welcome this in a casual card game that I might play with my 10 year old since it's fun for him to have a chance to gutterstomp me on draws or dice rolls, but I don't think that's the audience they're going for here, is it?I think in some ways this is supposed to be mitigated by the illusion/disbelief mechanic, and maybe that works in games with people (which I didn't get around to because the tutorial took long enough for me that I was already past the point of eligibility for automatic refund), but it definitely didn't with the AI.  The reason it didn't I suspect might end up being valid in games with people too - the poke/counter-poke establishment of battle lines that everyone is familiar with in these games takes long enough that both wizards easily run out of spells in their decks in the games that I played.  When this happens, the only thing left for you to do with that phase of your turn is simply disbelieve all of your opponent's units.  That really cheapened this part of the game for me, because if you successfully get an illusion out that the opponent doesn't disbelieve immediately, then you can't play defensively with it, because eventually it'll fail the smell-check at the end of the match, and then your unit blows up and you don't have a spell in hand to replace it with.I hate to be down on this one, but it is what it is!"
76561198041020327,Recommended,319050,25476831,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jaduggar,"Alright, so I have decided to change my review from a negative one to a positive one, on account of the new features that were introduced recently.When I first picked this game up, the core mechanics had an extreme reliance on RNG that I (and apparently a ton of other players, as well) found really frustrating and not at all fun to play with. The developers though, to their credit, showed a laudible willingness to accomodate popular demand, and added new mechanics to the game that balanced things out, which (IMO), have vastly improved the strategic depth of combat and the overall experience of the game.Since the changes were implimented, I have sunk many hours into both PvE and PvP, and my opinion on this game has completely reversed. Collecting gear, customizing builds, and exploring player made worlds (which I eagerly look forward to trying out, myself) is actually loads of fun, now that I am no longer frustrated with the irritating luck-based mechanics that drove me away the first time.And the icing on the cake, is: they preserved the old mechanics under an optional game mode so that players who actually *preferred* the old version can still play it that way, if they wish. All-in-all, these decisions show a general willingness by the developers to accomodate players that I find very reassuring, and encouraging."
,Recommended,319050,16366878,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,F.low,"'Charged across grasslands on top of my illusory unicorn, chased by an undead giant, for ten minutes before plopping a magic bolt into my opponent's face.'If we compare Chaos: Reborn to other games it is a mixture of Chess, Poker and trading card games. It's defining characteristics are:- Tactical positioning. Move your creatures around on a hex-based grid keeping in mind your opponent's capabilities.- Risk management. The game is random. Very random. The key to overcoming this randomness is seeing past this and maximizing your win chance by taking into account all possible outcomes. Should you attack your opponent in melee for a 71% chance to win the game on the spot, or will opening yourself up to counterattack actually decrease your overall win chances?- Epic balance shifts. One cast or one attack can totally shift the balance of battle. Succeeding on a 30% cast for a giant Hydra will give your opponent headaches, but not as much as him killing the Hydra with a puny rat (3% kill chance).- Mindgames. You always have to question your enemy. Was he really lucky on that cast, or is he bluffing you with illusions to circumvent the fail chance?The state of the current game is solid, with over 40 different spells of which 15-30 are randomly added to your 'deck' every game. Every game is different, from 2 minute stomps to 30 minute back-and-forths with numerous monsters fighting it out.The community is VERY FRIENDLY. There is a lot of banter during games, which the game itself inspires because every game is a short and epic story. Matchmaking is rudimentary but functioning and there is a dedicated tournament website + chat room to support the social aspect.The only current drawback I see is the size of the player base. At the peak times it's very easy to find a match, but during European work hours it can be impossible because there's next to nobody online. Another reason for you to buy the game and come join us.Buy this game if you want a laid-back, slow paced game that is both clowny and deeply tactical at the same time."
76561198005017594,Recommended,319050,18676361,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Zephyrio,"Chaos Reborn is a great turn-based strategy game where wizards try to kill each other by summoning creatures and using other spells! Every action has only a certain probability of success and, therefore, you need to manage the risks vs the rewards at every step.To master the game, you always need to find out what your best move is. Do you try to summon an eagle with success rate 80 % or do you summon an illusion, which always works but might get disbelieved by your opponent? Do you use your precious mana points to boost the probability of some spell or do you save it for the mega spell? Do you move forward and try to kill your opponent with a magic bolt, leaving you open to a possible counter attacks when you miss?Matches can be played in live mode (2 mins per turn, 3 mins in unranked) or in asynchronous mode (2 days per turn). A typical (2-player) live-match lasts about 10-30 minutes, while asynchronous matches allow you to play the game even when you don't have a lot of time, because you can login to do your moves whenever you have time.Furthermore, you can choose to play matches in equipment mode (where you choose your equipment before the match) or in classic mode (all players have standard equipment).For single player, there are the realms of chaos available, where you fight against the AI. These realms can be created by other players and, thus, are going to be very different, increasing the replayability. It is possible to find some additional equipment (like staffs or bodygears) in these realms, but is is also possible to obtain additional equipment by using gold (which is acquired by playing matches).I highly recommend this game for everyone who likes strategy games!"
,Recommended,319050,23264446,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,r/ Kappa | FeverAyeAye,"This is a fantastic turn-based game that vastly improves on an all-time classic.Yes, there's a random element, but that adds to the strategic value of playing the game. You have to take into account that things might go south, and have a plan b and a plan c. Luck cuts both ways, so even if you think you're about to lose a bit of bad luck for your opponent (or a miraculous 20% cast on your part) could turn things around.This is not chess, you can't predict everything that will happen, but you can plan for all situations. The rat might kill the dragon. Unlikely, but this means a game isn't finished until the wizard dies. This also leaves open different strategies:1 - build a lot of creatures and try to overwhelm your opponent2 - play possum and swoop in with a well-timed magic bolt to clinch it3 - block his creatures with an undead while you send an eagle to swoop down and kill his mage from the other side4 - block a part of the map with blob/vine/crystal wall or similar, so you can stall the game until you have the upper hand...etcLots of spells, lots to discover, active multiplayer base and the game is bug free."
,Recommended,319050,19928983,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Arctacia,"If you've played any kind of game where dice are involved, or anything where chance is a factor, you'll know that probability can indeed be one sadistic mistress. In Chaos Reborn, you'll be knee deep in that very concept rather quickly.In this game, you play as a master wizard who is capable of casting various spells, though the majority of them deal with summoning of creatures of all sorts. It plays out as a turn-based strategy that involves tactics and risk management for the most part.You begin each match with your wizard and your opponent on a sprawling arena filled with various elevations and features. Each turn you can do each of three things: Move, attack, and/or cast a spell. Movement and attack is pretty straight-forward, and this, as well as the other interactions, are done on a hex grid for the arena. Casting a spell is where your options really come in. You start the game with a hand full of cards, each with a prominent percentage to show the likelyhood of that spell being cast, the alignment of the spell, be it law, neutral, or chaos, and the actual name and picture of the spell. Hovering over each of these allows you to see more details such as attack power, defense power, etc. You can click on the info botton to get the full overview of the spell itself as well.When casting spells, particularly with the creature summoning types, you have the option of either casting it for real with the probability depicted, or an illusory variant which is 100% gauranteed to cast successfully. This is where the game has an interesting bluff mechanic. These illusory creatures will act exactly like their real counterparts, only they can be disproven should your opponent feel you are posturing. This is done by a spell that all wizards have and will always have access to as it has infinite uses. This spell, called Disbelief, can be cast on a suspected target to attempt to rule out if it's real or not. If the target is real, then the one spell a wizard can use that turn is used up and the creature's real origin is confirmed. However, if the target was an illusion, the creatures dispells and is removed from the arena and you can cast another spell, be it the Disbelief again, or some other spell.When creatures are summomed, they are controlled in a similar fashion as your wizard; moving and attacking. However, they cannot cast spells as that is strictly reserved to your wizard. Creatures come in all varieties and types from slow melee to agile ranged types. There are even undead and strange magical creatures with great power. The arena itself has an alignment shift that occurs as law and chaos spells are used. (Neutral ones don't affect this.) Each type pushes the alignment bar in that respective direction. So each law spell will shift the balance of the arena more towards law. This shift provides a bonus to probability of casting that type of spell which goes up the further shifted the bar is. It does not however provide a bonus to neutral spells nor does it penalize the polar opposite type of spells. In this way, players can try to manipulate their chances further.The arena itself also tends to have elevations which provide bonuses and penalties to attack. For example, a creature attacking from a higher elevation would have a bonus to attack something below. The opposite would be true if the creature below were trying to attacking something up high, in which case, a penality to attack. Everything in this game has only one hit point, even your wizard. In fact, in traditional rules, killing the opponent wizard is all that is needed to achieve victory. As such, much like in chess, treat your wizard as if it were a king and protect him at all costs. Inversely, whenever there is an opportunity to try to attack the enemy wizard, take it!The cards you get come from a deck that you draw from any time a card is expended. The cards in the deck are sort of random in that the deck you play with does not always yield the same cards. Rather, your deck is assembled before each encounter automatically from a pool of cards that are determined based on the gear your wizard has equipped. Talisman items that you find later can be set into your staff and armor will can allow gauranteed cards to show. These talismans can also grant passive effects and even ones that require mana to activate. Mana is gained over the course of a battle from killing opponents, sacrificing your own spell cards, or finding mana deposits on the map itself. This mana not only allows activation of abilities, but can be used to activate your mega spell, or even increase the probability to cast a spell at the rate of 1 mana per 1%, which has a cap determined by your equipment.The graphics are well done and quite thematic for a fantasy filled with magic and wonder. The sounds are appropriate and good quality. The music is good, but could use some extension with more tracks and variety. The interface is very intuitive and well organized. Actions you do for moves and attacks and have to be confirmed with another click to execute, which reduces error of doing something you don't wish to. The camera can he panned, zoomed, and even rotated to get a good view of what's going on.There are various ways to play the game, single player campaign, offline skirmishes, online arena and realm based play, and quick matches. The campaigns and realm offer an interesting approach to the game which allows for story, hiring mercenaries, rumors and quests, territory control, and some exploration. Online play can present itself as either player versus player or even inviting allies to join you for teams or cooperative assault against the AI.I have had a lot of fun so far playing this game, even though there will be moments of frustration when 100% is the only way to ever guarantee something will cast. ;) Still, it's this tiptoeing with chance that makes it fun, especially when that 20% chance fires off just at the right time when things get down to the wire. The big reason I am writing this review is it surprisingly seems like this game hasn't gotten as much attention as it deserves, though that's just based on the fact barely anyone on my friends list has it or even has it on their wish list.If you're not sure how you feel about a game like this, be sure to check out the demo! Thanks for reading. Until next time."
,Recommended,319050,18425097,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Trigz,"This just has to be the best £15 I've ever spent in my life.If my wife wouldn't kill me, I'd gladly spend a lot more for the backer upgrades. (though, potentially it could be worth the divorce)If you like turn based strategy games, this is well worth the investment."
,Recommended,319050,25694040,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,WhiteLion,"Strategy games, mind games, tactics, counters, pulling your hair out ... this game has it all. At first things seems very complicated but the most important thing is to familiarize yourself with the game mechanics and learn the basics. try some basic different strategies. chose the one to your liking and keep learning :) every match is a fresh experience and fun.+Post Review : now that I played this game for a couple of months and many hours I see fit to update my review.This game has hands down one of the best communities that I encountered for any game, supportive, humble, respectful, helpful and that on itself is a great achievment for any game.you can be a part of this community today if you chose too.Devs are working very hard to make the game better and they even delivered what the game was not initially designed for ""law mode"" because some people could not cope with the bad RNG, which is sad I might add.I played against the best, against the begginers, allied with them, played some epic 4 way matches, some fun 6 way matches.I learned that although the game mechanics are simple, the skill cap is very high. Some think the game is imbalance. No, no, no.If you have a problem dealing with something, or a strategy just ask other experinced players, use the global chat feature of the game ""hi guys I think blob/undead/... is OP, how can I counter it ?""You can't expect to win if you jump in and mindlessly start to play, and you have no right to complain either. ""oh I missed that 90% cast now I'm gonna die and it's games fault."" No it's not, it is your fault for not understanding that 9 out 10 times you CAN miss. Failure to plan is a plan to failure.Every game has some bugs, but in over 300 hours of game play I just encountered 2 major bugs and 1 visual glitch that got fixed soon after. That is impressive.I bought this game expecting to just have a game to play but now I have a 2nd family <310/10 Recommended."
76561197988566726,Recommended,319050,31187732,Posted: 16 April,all,Grim Jester,"My friends and I were looking for something to play a turn or two a day. A little something to look forward to on busy work days. A play by e-mail game was our first choice, but asynchronous play works too.My friend suggested Chaos Reborn. There aren't many games that you can play like this, and it was only $10, so I gave it a shot.This game satisfies a few itches:-It's turn based, and can be played whenever you can log in, and take your turn. You can also play head to head, with a timer.-The core tactics are very elegant. It's essentially risk management, with a bluffing aspect added.-The amount of different creatures, spells, environments, structures, and buffs keeps it fresh. Creatures can fly, retaliate, be immune to types of damage, push enemies, paralyze, attack multiple targets, and have ranged attacks. Structures can shoot, buff, or even revive fallen units. Spells usually summon creatures, but can also teleport, buff, paralyze, and create obstacles.-The game has two broad modes. The original Chaos mode, which relies heavily on chance, and Law mode, which strips almost all randomness from the game.To top it all off, there's a lot of other play modes to keep you busy. You can go through a campaign. You can enter other people's realms. You can set up team battles with friends. You can create your own staves and armors. There's a lot here to keep you entertained.One more thing. There's a lot to know in this game. The tutorial is pretty good, and a mouse over or click will provide you with detailed infotmation on a creature, or spell. If you click on an enemy, it will show you how far it can move, and its chances to kill units within its reach.The only feature that I would like added is a turn notification system via email. As is, my friends and I just email each other so that we know when to log on.EDIT: Thanks to SpiteAndMalice for letting me know that there is an email turn notification system! It's a bit hidden though. You have to access preferences while in the multiplayer section of the game. I feel like this should be more front and center; perhaps as a one time query when starting an async game for the first time."
76561198000589528,Not Recommended,319050,18758130,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jcz,"I'm very tired of games advertising functionality that's missing. THIS GAME IS NOT CO-OP! I don't care if co-op is planned for a future update, it shouldn't be advertised as co-op on the store page until that feature is available.This title isn't in Early Access anymore. Claiming co-op is available without providing it is false advertising."
,Recommended,319050,19371599,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Beefers,"tldr: Best TBS tactics game I have had the pleasure of playing in quite some time.Cons:Difficult to masterSupreme risk management skills neededPros:Diffcult to masterSupreme risk management skills neededFantastic blend of singleplayer & co-op contentFantastic Multiplayer optionsDeep & Intricate gameplayInitial mechanics present themselves very cleanly and thoroughly in the tutorial, challenge and game guide sections. After that be warned there is definitely a phase where you know everything but nothing at the same time, you will have many rude awakenings while you learn to master all of the chaos. Once you make that effort and jump over those initial hurdles you will be rewarded with one of the finest tactics experiences to come out in quite some time.You have your standard Chaos modes where everyone has roughly equivalent random loadouts each match (both sp and mp modes for this). There is enough depth in standard Chaos alone to warrant this game being remade in the first place, definitely solid stuff here.The real heart of this remake however (imo) is in the Equipped modes.  In these Modes wizards can choose between 1 of 3 body armors and 1 of 12 staff types. Body armors primarily effect your wizards stats and staves primarly effect what type of spells are your deck each battle and your ability to cast them. To top it off you get 6 Talisman slots (out of 92 total talismans) to further customize your loadout with things like adding specific spells to your deck, creature auras, wizard abilities, tricks, etc.What this does is bring in a deck building mechanic, making this game play like chess + poker + mtg (or hearthstone). I went with a ""Zoo"" archetype for my first competitive build, but expect to find all of your facorite ccg archetypes plus whatever odd ball styles you can canjur out of the chaos. Equipped mode is by far my  favorite way to play the game. You can earn equipment and talismans through both singleplayer and multiplayer game play. Single player has a significant edge here and is well worth doing!The singleplayer content for this mode is fantastic, a list of dev/user created realms which you can explore a la a mini King's Bounty map, when you are questing inside of a realm you can choose to either offer support as an ally for a fellow wizard or choose to invade someone realms. You can also request an ally yourselves on the tougher battles! This adds a wonderful mix of social co-op and invasians (optional) to your singleplayer TBS tactics experience, a very fresh addition!The Multiplayer is also fantastic, you have your standard real time modes, quick matches and private matches. You also have 40 asynchronous slots, meaning you can 40 passive games going where you take your turns when able (2 day time limit). The mix of real time and asynchrounous smoothly meshed together is fantastic. I can come home from work and play for just a little bit as I catch up on my asynchronous turns and then later at night when everyone is in bed I can log on for some serious quick matches!tldr: I cannot reccomend this game enough."
76561198099227309,Recommended,319050,18390118,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GoingChain,"An absolute ""must have"" for fans of turn based strategy. I would describe Chaos Reborn as Chess meets Stratego with a M:tG skin. You just can't grasp the amount of depth to the game without playing a few matches for yourself. the videos won't do it justice. Matches last anywhere from 2 mins to half and hour and they are all enjoyable.Any diehard fans of the original X-com: UFO Defense should probably know Mr. Julian Gollop for crafting challenging, well-balanced games with just enough divine intervention from RNGesus to keep you on your toes and Chaos Reborn is no exception. At the time of this writing I have a mere 52 hours on record, easily worth the $20 I initially paid. I enjoyed it so much I happily contributed an additonal $30 to support at Wizard Lord status (granting me exclusive skins, forge tools and few other goodies, but no tangible gameplay advantages).If you like turn based strategy, board games, or X-com then grab it up."
76561198101843053,Recommended,319050,23282932,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ObsidianBeard ( . Y . ),"This is an AWESOME turn based, strategy, risk management, fantasy game!Why all the negative reviews??? well if you read them, they all whine about RNG, They obviously have never played any strategy game involving any RNG / dice roles / % chance game before.If you like Xcom or BloodBowl but want wizard vs wizard magic battles, with creature summoning and spell casting, then you'll love this game.Don't buy or review agame if have no idea about its genre please, your a waste of input on the subject. Also there's a free demo so you can easily avoid this......RNGThe RNG mechanics can be easily and cleverly manipulated, avoided and hugely improved in your favour during any battle. Theres several mechanice to do this, and they are very well made. and you can plan them out quite nicely. I have made 40% chance creature summons into 100% a few times, becuase of what i did during the battle.CONTENT-You can play online mode and summon in help for battles if you want to (almost like dark souls).-You can enter battles with creatures already summoned, by buying mercenaries at stores between battles.-You earn gold for winning battles and can spend it on gear, and talismans that slot into gear. Keeping these items persistantly between each realm you play through, collecting more and building your strategies.-Exploring a realm is fun and can unlock options of what to do; like more battles, creatures spawning nests to own and send around the map for your benefit, finding strong mecenary creatures.-Story moments can have options of what you want to do, how to behave to the situation, gaining you a new merc or some gold, or just allowing you to play your character how you want them to behave.Breakdown:- Graphics  (looks fantastic, the creature designs are nique and look great!)- UI  (not only no issues of annoyance with camera's etc, but theres a lot of info provided in sensible ways and easy to find out what you can do, and how things work)- Community  (they are friendly, super helpful and can create more content. YES you can create content after playing enough and earning the right to try it, it gets reviewed then released and rated by those who play it!)- Items  (gear and talisman collecting means constant progression and replayabilty)- Gameplay Depth  (theres soo many mechanics that add to this game, and soo many strategies to pursue in battles)A BUG I had  /  Costomer ServiceI had a bug during my offline game (seems to be the only place to get bugs as online games are saved to cloud). An infinite loading screen when entering a battle, this got saved as my checkpoint, so reloading story didn't work.I sent a bug report at 1.30am late saturday night with my save data, at 3am that same stupidly late night, they sent me a fixed save file.Thats the most rediculously dedicated costomer service, bred from true love of their own game, that I've ever encountered!The video and description of this game doesn't inform you of nearly enough things that exist in this game, if you could understand, or I could better explain, the sales for this game would be soo much higher I feel.So why not just try the free demo and see if you like it?VERDICT :- I love this game soo far!- It has soo much more to it than I thought it would, I got at 50% sale but honestly feel its easily worth full price, 12.6hrs in and I've got a lot more to learn and experiance.- I've played offline, online, coop, dev created realms, player created realms, and PvP. It's all great, each has differances, and even though I understand most rules, I still need to get used to them for my strategies, allowing me to play smarter, but with each hour I improve and I love it!"
76561198048875814,Recommended,319050,28116841,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Glassjaw,"This is one of the best games I've ever played and thats going to back to NES, Atari.  I've played the game since the end of the summer 2016.  In that time I've learned playstyles, grown out of them, and am now playing the opposite to how i started.  I placed in top 10 for equiped pvp in October.It is a very subtle game of skill and risk management.  The players can set their inputs, how much attack and defense they have, magical power, hand size, size of deck, etc.  Those are the stats that are rolled on so as much as people want to blame RNG I think they're overlooking that luck is a product of their choices.  Lets say the game is going well for you.  You see an opportunity to shoot a magic bolt at your opponent.  90% chance you win the game.  Most players take that chance.  Now, if you were to end up winning that game had you not shot the bolt then you weren't really taking a 90% chance to win; you were taking a 10% chance to surrender a game that was going well for you.  Most players when they miss that bolt blame luck.  The game is very very balanced.  No build overcomes all others and for every strength there is a liability.It is also a game of cold lies.  You can cast illusions without risk that the spell will fail.  Your opponent can cast disbelieve on your illusion and it disappears.  If your opponent guesses the wrong target then she loses her chance to cast spells that turn.  Good players cast illusions for easy spells because its generally not worth it to risk a disbelieve on entry-level units.  A player can lay a dragon down before you and you have two choices:  Disbelieve and die if you're wrong.  Cast something to defend yourself, like a mount.  Most of the time players mount up.  The dragon, which is hard to cast and therefore highly suspect as an illusion, may be an illusion but in that circumstance the dragon's owner knows she can get away with it.  The risk of death for calling the bluff is often enough.The graphics are very decent for a game with this price tag.  The music and sound effects are excellent.  The game has its own backstory and lore that is compelling and deep.  Mature fantasy theme like old DnD. There are also player created realm maps to explore and plunder.  While mostly soloable you can ally with other players to complete realms and set to invader other players can step in and take over for the A.I. to fight against you.  The realms are great for practice and learning about game concepts.  New players are wise to spend most of their time in them.Game could always use more players, but asynchronous league play is popular and very active.  The game community is worldwide and civil.  Last thing I'll say is that to get good pvp in many games you have to pass a gateway to get the competitive gear.  Difference in gear alone determines outcomes.  I love that in this one everyone has equal access to gear as it takes just weeks to collect.  Been around for a minute and the dev team is still quite active providing updates.  Labor of love.  Buy this game :D"
,Recommended,319050,13696386,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,pinback,"At this point in Early Access, this game is missing tons of features, missing tons of balancing, tons of content, tons of units and spells, etc......and it is still the most fun, addictive game I've played in years.  Fantastic.  If you have any interest in tactics, wizards, hexagons, chess, poker, or enjoying your life, buy it immediately."
,Recommended,319050,18698495,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Argeon,"I watched Chaos Reborn be born out of Early Access into the marvel that it is now. It's gone from good to even better.Chaos Reborn is like a game of dynamic chess. Each monster or building has specific properties, and you have to best utilize your hand against what the opponent has to offer. The game plays like that of any hex-grid game - you move in any direction and can cast in any direction, turn-by-turn.The artstyle is uniquely fantastical, yet science-fiction-y. The graphics in game are very mystical and impressive. It feels like a different experience altogether. On the topic of experience, you can either play offline or online, online being divided into competitive, non-competitive, and realms. Suit your evening with how seriously you want to focus on the game - and the game will follow. You will grow in ranks, slowly edge towards being a god, or just get a blast for a couple of matches.It's not perfect, but it's pretty damn close. It's a great strategy game for the hardcore and the casual. 9/10"
,Recommended,319050,13323920,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Azekeil,"While I believe this is a remake of an older game, I only have very distant memories of a game that may or may not be similar on the PS1. So my perspective is mainly that of a newcomer. I love strategy games, and while I watched a video of it on YouTube I still wasn't 100% sure what playing it would be like.The game is deceptively simple in premise - you are a squishy wizard, and you can move, attack and cast a spell (which are generally to summon creatures or deal direct damage) during your turn, and likewise move and attack with any creatures, in any order. The other player(s) - up to 4 total - then take their turns. There is no health - there is just a percentage chance to kill based on the stats. While seemingly simplistic, the gamble is thrilling as you can only really tip the odds in your favour and reduce the risks to your own demise.Creatures have strengths and weaknesses, and there are spells that provide tactical and defensive advantages as well.One thing that does add an extra dimension is when you cast a spell, it has a % chance for success based on the strength of the creature you are summoning. You can choose to cast it as an illusion with 100% success, and it will be just as effective, unless your opponent uses their spell to disbelieve your summon for the illusion it really is. So there is an element of poker going on there too. Your chance to cast creatures depends on the current overall magic-o-meter, which can swing between law and chaos depending on what types of spells the wizards are casting. Neutral spells are not affected by this.There looks to be future mechanisms to allow you to change the appearance of your wizard and introduce more RPG elements, but I ended up jumping into frays with experienced players and holding my own quite well.The graphics are detailed and not overblown, as is the music and atmosphere, and the UI and overall feel is good and generally well executed - especially for an early access game.Currently it's multiplayer (real time or play-by-mail-like) only at present, with single player to come but people seem friendly.I'd say this game has a lot of longevity and you will find yourself wanting to come back to it time and again. Thoroughly recommended for anyone who wants a modernised and well polished version of old-school strategy at its best :)"
,Not Recommended,319050,28418199,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,"I like parts of Chaos Reborn. But I dislike parts.1) The only singleplayer mode is ""Realm"" mode (and tutorial missions). Everything else is PvP. Realms mode is confusing and awkward. It takes a long time and you can fail and lose ALL your progress. Taboo matches are awful to play and 100% stacked against you. Realms are awful.2) The gear system is bad. ""Oh it's better than it used to be."" Yeah ok? It's still bad. It's hard to get the gear you want. The forge gets more expensive without limit every time you use it. Random gear from gold sucks. You can play ""classic"" mode without gear, but doesn't earn any gold or forge crystals towards getting gear you want anyway.3) The game is unbalanced. The worst offender is Undead, who have extraordinarily few counters. The differences between Chaos and Law mode are really weird and learning both is extremely awkward and contradictory.4) The game has FXAA turned up REALLY HIGH always forever. The game is blurry.Don't buy unless you like Public PvP and are willing to deal with awkwardness. Hopefully future games from Julian Gollop will have a more elegant design, and tighter modes."
76561197992082934,Recommended,319050,18702794,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Captain Suction,"I've barely scratched the surface of Chaos Reborn, but it's clear that this is a must-buy, must play for fans of classic turnbased strategy games like X-Com, Jagged Alliance 2 etc. Of course it's made by X-Com creator Julian Gollop. The tactical combat looks like HoMM but is much more fun. It compares favourably to my other favourite turnbased game of this era, the Kings Bounty games. But the game that this reminds me of most of all is another favourite, Disciples 2. This is coming from someone who hates and won't play Disciples 3.Basically in this game you control a wizard on a hex grid. You will have  a few small units to assist you and the wizard summons more allies or casts spells. Each spell cast has a % chance to succeed, so there's a luck element too. The tactical combat is highly polished and enjoyable. Hell, even the tutorials were fun!This game is mainly geared towards multiplayer, which I haven't even touched yet, but old school players like me need not despair. There IS a large singleplayer component. This is the Realms mode, bascially dev or user made maps that really remind me of the strategic layer of Disciples 2, which was so much fun to play 10+ years ago. I haven't found a game other than Disciples 2 and the Kings Bounty games that are this much fun to play on the strategic and tactical layers. Enough said!"
,Not Recommended,319050,18852584,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,madSimon,"The actual core battles are fantastic. I'm completely addicted to the mechanics of the wizard duels. There is an incredible amount of risk management around the RNG rolls, so it's got a brutal learning curve. Think of Blood Bowl or the new X-Com games.However, this game has a few major issues, even after launch:1. It's primarily a multiplayer game, and the player base is miniscule and already dwindling2. The adventure map mode called ""Realms"" is a just a poorly curated collection of user created content3. The mechanics of the ""Realms"" are not in line with the rest of the strategy. Realms are a tedious race against a timer where the strategy is more about who can collect the biggest army before the actual battle starts. This gathering process isn't a fun mechanic at all and detracts from the real gameplay.So while I love the core of this game, I simply can't recommend it in its current state."
60456927816048303,Recommended,319050,16918997,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Ashford Thunder,"What an amazing game. Beautiful artstyle/graphic, stunning sound track and fun gameplay. One of the best early access I seen yet. The only down side is the playerbse is somewhat small. This game deserve more attention."
76561198042713070,Recommended,319050,14271909,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,biotec,"I am usually against buying Early Access games. I've never understood why people would want to spend money on an unfinished product - one which they might ruin for themselves if they play early - rather than hold off and wait unitl the experience is complete. However, Chaos Reborn is the only exception, in my opinion.The game itself is a simple, yet deep, turn-based strategy game. You control a wizard, and you can battle up to three others - or challenge a team of two with a partner - both online and off.Each turn, you are given the chance to cast one of a selection of spells at your disposal. These could be anything from magic bolts to summoning various creatures. In order to win the game, you have to land one successful hit to kill the opposition wizard, and this can come from a creature, a spell, or your own wizard himself. This concept is extremely simple and easy to grasp, but it is the strategy elements on top of it that make it brilliant.Every spell comes with a successful cast percentage. Weak monsters and abilities will have around a 70-80% chance of success, whereas stronger beasts and more elaborate spells have a much lower chance of working. This would make the game all about luck if it wasn't for one ingenious addition - illusions.Before summoning a monster, you have the choice of attempting to summon a real one, with a limited success chance, or casting an illusion of it. Illusions have a 100% success rate, and they can move, attack, and defend just like their real conterparts. However, each opponent has a spell called 'Disbelieve' availible to them in every turn, and if they cast on something they think is an illusion, it will be removed from the game, and they'll be allowed to cast another spell. However, if they Disbelieve a real monster, it will remain on the field, and they'll lose their ability to cast another spell that turn. This fantastic mechanic leads to some incredidbly tense mind games, as you'll constantly be trying to get into the mind of your opponent in order to work out whether their army is real, or a simple bluff.These mind games are all in good fun, though. The community is easily the best I've ever encountered while playing a game. I have yet to run into someone who isn't friendly. No one leaves games halfway through, no one complains when they lose - it's an extremely refreshing thing to see in this day and age.If you are put off by it being in Early Access - do not fear! The game is extremely polished - all that is missing is the ability to customise your wizard and spells, but this arguably improves the game, as everyone is on a level playing field.The only negative is that it is sometimes hard to find games online. You can almost always find a 1v1 match, but 1v1v1 and any four player games are extremely hard to come by, and plaiyng offline in these modes just won't give you the same thrill.Chaos Reborn is the perfect strategy game. Extremely original, perfectly balanced, and oh-so addictive - if you give this a shot, you won't be disapointed."
76561197962209646,Recommended,319050,18714118,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,idiosyncratic,"I like this game a lot. There is a wide variety of game modes that include coop, pvp, and invasions. The first two are self-explanatory but the invasions are similar to dark souls. You can invade another persons single player game and take control of one of the AI wizards. You can also volunteer to become an ally instead. Keep in mind you can disable this completely if you want to play without interruptions.You control wizard(s) and cast spells in a turn-based format. The objective is to kill the enemy wizards. The gameplay is simple and well explained in the expansive tutorial; however, the point of contention is the RNG or luck. Everyone has 1 hit point and your spells have percentage chances to cast. This makes the game feel like a mix between Chess and Poker. The movements of the wizard and casted minions are strategic, but you must manage your RNG appropriately. You need to make the right decisions and try your best to account for mistakes. 1 HP means that any attack landing will be a death.This is a remake to the classic game Chaos and it lives up to its namesake. You need to manage your luck, not control it and take your losses on the chin. There is a ton of replayability, between realms and the various pvp. The bar for entry is very low and not intimidating, so it's worth giving it a shot if you enjoy turn-based games heavily wrapped in luck. RNGesus take the wheel!"
,Recommended,319050,13300569,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lobes McPumpkinlips,"Played for 20 minutes and I can already tell this game is more fun than 90% of the TCGs out there.  Also, my wizard is riding an elephant, which makes no sense and is awesome."
,Recommended,319050,23347783,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,thunderblobs,"Great game. The main reason why this game is so great and worthy of, is simple: there no any other game like this, despite original Chaos: The Battle of Wizards for ZX Spectrum platform. It may seem as something familiar on the screenshots, but the truth is, that this game is the unique masterpiece, designed by the man who defines the turn-based genre on PC (not just MO, the history of). The heart of the game is in its multiplayer mode, never even have tried to play single player campaign, to be honest. It has unique art style (a really rare feature nowadays) nice and cute animation, it has ""Gary"" feature (a nice guy quantum pro-tech, often available at CR Tournament Tracker website), has great community that helps you in no time with any questions about. Good performance, no real bugs were noticed.Of Course it has some cons, but as i've said before, considering to its uniqueness, it can't be compared to any other game."
,Recommended,319050,18182713,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Easy (nCore),"Ok, this is GOOD. I love the aesthetics (it's prutty). It has a thrilling bluffing aspect - and the game has a huge risk / reward loop that makes every decision really tense. Spells requires a % dice roll to succeed - so not deterministic, but kind of a nice boardgame element - and positioning on the map is super mega important.  It plays fast, and will push you to take more risks than you should... MUCH ENJOYMENT. Haven't delved much into the solo campaign and multiplayer element, but it certainly looks like there are many many hours of fun to be had. Overall, a very very positive surprise."
76561198031346772,Recommended,319050,18749769,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,HungryForThatChicken,"The game is a turn based tactics game with a heavy emphasis on risk/reward decision making.In the game you play as a wizard, with the aim of defeating one or more opposing wizards on a small hex based board. You achieve victory by summoning minions and casting spells. Layered on top of this is a light meta game in which you can level up and increase your pool of available minions and spells.You will be assigned a semi-random selection of minions and spells at the start of each match (out of the pool which you have unlocked from the aforementioned meta game) which you can cast in any order you wish. The successful casting of spells/summons is not a given, each spell/summon has a base chance to cast; with the lower tier spell/summons having a much higher chance than the higher tier ones. For instance, a weak minion will have a 90% chance to summon, whereas a powerful minion will have a 40% chance to summon. Each wizard can attempt a spell/summon only once per turn, so the player has to balance the risk/reward of each spell/summon in their pool before acting.The combat works in a similar, chance based fashion. All chances are clearly displayed to the player before attempting any action so there is no chance of frustration occurring from hidden information. The combat chances are based of the stats of the creatures in question, details of any creature on the board (or in the players hand) can be found during play.There are some interesting mechanical twists however! A player can choose to create an illusionary summon which will always have a 100% chance of success and can attack as normal. The downside of this is that an opponent can call your bluff and cast a spell which removes this creature from the board. If the opponent successfully casts this spell on a creature which was summoned as an illusion then they can cast another spell in the same turn! This creates a further layer of strategy which really adds a lot of depth and longevity to the game.The core gameplay of fighting against other wizards (whether human or AI) is well designed and realized and the layered meta game is passable, if not exactly ground breaking. However, for the price point it's a great deal.Now on to the less good stuff:The UX design leaves something to be desired, there are several points where you end up in a menu with no way to go back. This is especially evident in the tutorial area where you unlock single player challenges. You will click on a challenge to find out what it's conditions are, but instead of opening a dialogue explaining the challenge and asking you to accept, it just loads straight into the challenge - requiring you to exit to main menu if you didn't actually wish to DO the challenge. These kind of UX decisions are prevalent throughout the menus in the game (but fortunately not in the battle menus!).The graphics, while pretty, are not making it particularly easy to read the board. Units don't ""pop"" from the background and it's hard to tell each players units from one another.The tutorial forces you to complete each stage before continuing to the next. I found myself failing a few times on a specific stage, even though I had learned the mechanic. I wanted to carry on and learn the next mechanic so I could practice in a real game rather than the spoon fed tutorial section, but it wouldn't allow me to until I completed the current section.The sound is good, if not particularly memorable. I swear the sound effect when you receive a new card/press ""escape"" when focussed in the chat box is the same one I heard in Starcraft 2 somewhere, probably just me tripping though.Finally, when I first entered the game (after completing the tutorial), I was met with a menu which linked to several sub menus. Some of these sub menus appeared to be micro transaction menus, although apparently they are not. One of the mechanics - forging your own staff and robe, is locked unless you pay $15... apparently though it's not at all required. So I am really confused as to the design decisions of this area. Also the Upgrade Tiers are really confusingly worded.All in all, I'm happy with my purchase and would recommend this to anyone interested in tactics games, especially if you want to play them competitively online with leagues etc. Maybe buy the forge upgrade, but avoid the two upgrade tiers above this as they are purely cosmetic (I bought them thinking they added some mechanics, turns out it's just tiny cosmetic details, kinda regret it now).To the devs: If you add further cards later down the line, consider making them a free DLC for people who upgraded to the higher upgrade tiers or kickstarted the game."
76561198001656242,Recommended,319050,19413762,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KlausGaming,Chaos Reborn is a polished turn-based strategy game with an interesting concept.You control a fragile wizard that conjure creatures and spells based on cards even though there's no actual deck building in the game. There is however a lot of strategizing around probabilities as all of your spells have a chance to fail and a rat can kill a dragon with only one hit if it gets lucky. Check out a few multiplayer matches and my first look here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAT661lco_Y
,Recommended,319050,16912537,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TyrranicFish,"I love this game. I'm absolutely horrible at it, yes, but I love it nonetheless. I got two of my friends into it and now they like it just as much, and proceed to hand my♥♥♥♥♥to me on a silver platter in it. One time my friend summoned two very real hydras and I instantly regretted all of my decisions leading up to that point...But no matter.As a single player experience, it still needs more added but they're promising some really awesome things in the future and I absolutely can't wait for them. As a multiplayer experience it's a lot of fun if you're in it to play with your friends and have them laugh at your decomposing wizard corpse while struggling against each other because you were more like swatting a fly off of their shoulder and after you're gone the real fight begins. I feel bad about myself.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I wrote this review right before I got the update for the Realm of Chaos mode. Go figure! This mode is a lot of fun and lets you play on your own or with someone else in a co-op environment. And I also suck at that, too!"
,Recommended,319050,15229689,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Uncle Jesse,"This Game is unfinished, Early Access.From the creator of old 1990's XCOM, Julian Gollop gives rebirth to his old 1985 game ""Chaos'.A bit addicting, with lots of good potential, this game might be worth your attention too.I cant remember the last time I put 15+hours into a game without coming up for air.Not Quite worth $20 yet, but it teetering on the line.  I would say in it's current state, it's definately worth $15.   I can already tell that when the game is finished, $20 will be a steal."
76561198092408548,Recommended,319050,34174997,Posted: 11 August,all,Gilmaru,"Really overlooked and underappreciated game.A must play for anyone who is a fan of fantasy turn based strategy games. I can understand some people might have been turned off by the rng in the past, but now with the ""Law mode"" option (health bars and mana instead of rng) there is absolutely no excuse for anyone who is a fan of the genre not to love this game.Community is small, but if you have trouble finding someone there is an asynchronous mode option that allows you to play with others without the need to be online at the same time.Also, you can invade other players campaigns to help them or take the role of the enemy npc, which  I find is an amazing idea and really fun!"
76561198168512235,Recommended,319050,22020297,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,blutech100,"I bought this game because it looked fun. Now that I think about I used to love final fantasy tactics advance. If you love this sort of game you will love, it. I suggest getting the demo to give it a try. You don’t have to worry about when to save if you need a break and are in a match (as long as its pvp or you don’t have real person helping you) it saves after every move you make. It’s simple to pick up and to play. Yet there is so much strategy to it. If your still not sure go on YouTube and find some videos of gameplay. It’s still fairly new but updates are constant and the community. oh the community. I posted a message asking for someone to mentor me and got tons or positive responses. The people in the community are so nice. just look at the screen shots this game is amazing. you’re going to have those matches where you lose just be patient start small collect your gear and experiment.  out of ten I give this game a 9000."
,Recommended,319050,17026240,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,boxfish,"Early Access Review (in progress) of V0.28Edit: I will be updating this review on october 29th, shortly after this game releases from early access.Edit Part 2: So I never got around to doing a full release update, but it's back on my list of things to do. I'll be trying to get back into the game and at least take a few turns a day. but other than the tutorial, the game is largely the same as when i wrote this review.How I was introduced to the gameHaving never played the original game, I wasn't quiet sure what to expect. To be frank, the only reason i gave this game a second glance was because of the art style. After seeing it was from the creator of the original x-com I decided it was worth keeping an eye on.added to wishlistIt was on my wishlist for months before just recently a payday lined up with the most recent sale, and given steams new refund policies I decided i may as well give it a go.HOLLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I SHOULDN’T HAVE WAITED THIS LONG TO BUY THE GAMEThis game is a very easy game to pick up on, and very difficult to master. Given the nature of the game, there is some dumb luck involved, but the game lets you choose where to where to lean that luck towards. It is primarily multiplayer but in 0.28 a single player campaign has been introduced that allows you to go on quests and fight wizards leading up to bosses and such. This single player mdoe does however have multiplayer elements, allowing you to request help from a fellow player at the cost of a small fee and half the rewards of the battle.How it plays so farThis game is very much a digital board game. You are a wizard facing off against one (or more in some multiplayer matches) other wizard, with an arsenal of spells in the form of cards. It is turn based tactics with percentage based spells, that you can increase chances of succeeding casting in a few ways. Creatures also have percentage chances of destroying other creatures, based on their respective stats. Meaning, yes, a rat CAN kill a Hydra, but it is very unlikely (6% chance if I'm not mistaken).CardsEach card has a base percentage that represents the chance you have of successfully casting the spell. The percentages can change based on the influence of the field at any given time. Each card is one of three types. Law, Chaos, or neutral. If a spell of either law or chaos is successfully cast, then the overall influence of the field will change in favor of that type. However, a neutral card will not change the influence one way or another. These cards are chosen randomly, tho evenly, with the exceptions being cards you have forced in your deck from talismans that can be equipped to your staff and robe, and two spells called Disbelieve and Dispel. The first is a spell that you always have, that you can use on an enemy creature if you think they are an illusion, and the second you can use to dismiss your own creatures for mana in return."
76561198015081101,Recommended,319050,23370116,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,*OCB* Temujin,Fun board game that you can play at your own pace. If you like dynamic gameplay this might be up your ally. The random element ensues no two games will ever be the same.Always have a backup plan!
,Recommended,319050,24649514,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Lane,"This is my favorite game in my library... I didn't think much of it when I first saw it on sale, or when I read the mixed reviews (at the time), but after each session I still yearn for more. Everyone I have chatted with in the community (which is the nicest one I have came across) all said the same thing more or less- that this game is enjoyeable enough to keep you continually interested in the game."
76561198010837093,Recommended,319050,23324679,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,alex.billington,"It\'s brilliant! I played it on the ZX Spectrum aaaages ago and it\'s awesome to be able to play a game that captures the playability of the original but throws in plenty of new stuff to make it modern, fun and challenging still."
,Recommended,319050,23758734,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sir swordinface,"EDIT: they have now introduced ""law mode"" which means no random number generator and chance! minions have hitpoints in this mode (so does the wizard) and minions do damage based on stats, and how high the opponents defence stat is. there you go RNG haters, your problem is solved________________________________________________________________________________You could say that this game is ""Spellbinding"" an amazing world that really gets you wrapped up in it, now you may notice i only have 0.7 hours play time, this is because most of my play time is actually on the demo version of the game, and i eventually purchased the game, totally worth it.the world is so beautful, really good art style, the singleplayer is awesome and fun, really engrossing to be honest, the complex strategem, difficult boss fights (im looking at you lords in the end castles), and most of all, player invading, yep thats right, a player can drop in and help the boss or lord your playing against! really fun to do it yourself as well, i think ive screwed up like 3 boss fights for people this way.okay so to the game itself:there are 3 different schools of spells, Law, neutral and chaosLaw consists of typical RPG monsters to summon such as pegasus (which you can ride), elf archers, dwarves and my personal favorite summon in the game, paladins (paladins are beast, dont worry, you will understand soon), they focus on buffing your minions and yourself (you can even give yourself a sword or bow to allow your wizard to attack, or a shield to protect you) neutral is all about big creates and some crowd control, you will be summoning things like spiders, wolves, ogres and packs of rats (the card for them summons three rats), chaos summons undead, goblins, hydra's and manticores and has some crowd control, like sticky goop which can root an opponents minion or wizard in place, and it spreads so watch out for your minions so they dont get stuck too (it creates copies of itself and places them on tiles near the previous one, turn by turn, then expires and disappears after a good amount of turns), and terrorfying trees! evil trees with arms that you can place in sets of up to 5 at a time, all must have at least one empty tile between them, they can attack enemy minions that get near them but can't move (they are trees afterall) which is really cool. you have gear, like talismans, staves and robes which give you additional spells or little abilities to activate for a mana cost. a really good trick is that as an law player (which i am) you can spawn these blue trees, with one empty tile between them, now not only do these give your wizard and minions protection (you can hide inside them) BUT with the right talisman, you can spawn the trees, then activate this talisman and two of the trees will turn into elf archers for you to fight with (and they can move, since they are elves now) then the next round, two more trees will turn into elf archers, then the next round the last one will turn, now you have five archers to kill your foes with.WARNING: killing foes and your minions being killed relies on an RNG (random number genrator) the game will give you the percentage chance of how likely you are to kill that minion or wizard, there is no health bar for any of them, just armor that lowers that percentage chance, for example an ogre usually has like a 3%-5% chance to be killed by one of your less powerful minions and so on.thats just the basic jist of the game, i advise giving the demo a go to see if you like it (even if this game doesn't sound good to you, you never know till you try) and i thurrully recommend playing/buying it."
,Recommended,319050,15359931,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Millertime,"This game is awesome - similar in ways to the Mage Wars board game and the Heroes of Might and Magic series.It took some time to adjust to the system of binary health; units are either alive or dead, there is no health bars, healing, etc. Games can end suddenly if you get your mage into a bad position, so you must be aware not to do that! Sometimes the luck of the dice can create a swing but player skill is the most important ingrediant.For early access the game is in great shape. In about 4.5 hours of play I haven't encountered a single bug or crash. Currently in the game we have one off battles against AI and ranked PvP with either a round timer or asynchronous options.  There is a third party website that run tournaments and competitions as well."
,Recommended,319050,31386572,Posted: 26 April,all,TourDePwnage,This game is literally like chess with wizards.  The combat mechanics are awesome except for the chance to hit.  You miss more oft than naught.
76561198028456479,Recommended,319050,18722506,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Douke,"This game is foccused around risk management. People who are complaining about rng don't understand that or simply dislike rng in a game(which is fine). While the best players may not necessarily always win against the worst, they will certainly have a much higher winrate. Complaining about rng is, largely, an excuse. It adds an extra level of strategy, and leads to very cool games."
76561197967798760,Recommended,319050,18216504,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Zer0,"What can i say? Im a gamer that gets bored with a lot of games lately due to repetitive genre type games that are only developed so far and always seem to be missing the something extra to keep me in...most games these days only interest me for a few hrs till it gets boring and i barely ever get the inclination to play a game more than once.  However, this game is one of the few where i go back and play some more, its got great customization, not just for looks but also how you play your matches, the forge function is awesome, ive made my guy basically an undead mage, so the only way i can die is if the enemy mage sends undead or spells at me directly to kill me lol...the randomness of it is a bit of a love/hate relationship which gives me a kick too haha"
76561198043537931,Recommended,319050,18713555,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dpc,"This game is simply awesome. I love it!It's a turn based fight against wizards, summoning creatures and casting spells. Between matches you can collect gear that you can use to ""profile"" a type of wizard you want to play with.Ignore people complainging about RNG: the RNG in this game works kind of like in poker: sometimes you get a better hand, sometimes worse, but it takes a lot of skill to make a best of it. It's all about managing risk. Also, remember to use illusions and calling other's people bluffs.Online matching is quick, people nice and as the game has some element of luck so it's easier to swallow a defeat."
,Recommended,319050,13306339,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Livewire11718359,"Already one of the most enjoyable tactical games out there to play online with friends, or others. It is all about illusions and whether or not yyou can believe that something they summon is real and would do dame to you or you're minions, or just an illusion, basically a tactical bluffing game. The fantastic thing about this game is every person has 1 health and if you get hit, that's it! But there is a percentage of a chance for you to get hit.  You can use mounts to keep your wizard alive but if that mount gets hit then you're on the ground and have only one more hit to take!The way defense vs strength vs agility and magic resistance works in this game is that changes the percentage chance you have to hit. The height of your units also plays a role in the percentage and you can use mana to boost spells as well. You can either sacrifice cards to get mana or you can pick up one of the mana sprites that spawn in the maps."
,Recommended,319050,18869273,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Daemok,"This is a great game if you just give it some time, go through the tutorials and the in-game guide. I noticed that most of the negative reviews are from players only giving the game a go for 4 hours or less. It can take longer than that to go through all the tutorials and sub tutorials succesfully.If you have patience for learning in turn based games you are much more likely to enjoy this game I think. If not, then this type of game might not be for you. It took me until around the 10 hour mark to get a feel for the risk management part of the game. I was also frustrated failing high percent chance spells multiple times in a row at first, but the longer I played the more I started enjoying the RNG chance based part of the game.The in game tutorials, guide, and starter realms are great, but there still seems to be a lack of new player friendliness that is causing frustrations for those that are just starting the game. Hopefully it's something that will be improved upon by Snapshot Games in the near future."
76561197966302456,Recommended,319050,24772383,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Edge_Stormcrow,"This game oozes maturity, class and strategy. You can tell it was designed by oldschool seasoned developers. I took the  next day off work after i bought it, so thats the review in itself i guess.The online play is seamless and sports a very helpful community. It begins with a tough fun tutorial training session to get you summoning, zapping, and using your sneaky wizard brain, then you jump straight into your online character, duels, RPG mode, co-op, xp and LOOT. Did i mention loot?The game feels fully polished already, rare for a newish steam game. Its a bit of a hidden gem right now, get on it."
76561198041332890,Recommended,319050,23244788,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Clayjar37,"Let me put a disclaimer on this review: This game is not for everyone. If you dislike random chance taking a large part in a game, you will probably dislike this game. If you can tolerate random or even like it, give this game a chance, it can be a lot of fun.Edit: Recently, Law mode has been added to the game, which reduces the influence of random chance, so if you were avoiding the game because of how random it was, it might be worth checking out now."
76561198116492961,Recommended,319050,17554787,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tarfun,"Chaos Reborn is what i have been wanting for a very long time, without realising it! Realising that the game is largely driven around RNG rather then healthpoints or other RPG troeps initially sounds unappealing, yet the game's art style and manner of managing combat makes the game a definite Steam gem which Gabe himself should take a look into!Pros+The art style and animations is truly wondrous to look at. I can not stress just how little credit the screen shots give the artstyle! In game i am both amused and awestruck by just how beautiful the renditions of the sprites are,+Online offline modes leave to varied gameplay, as just ai would obviously be a bit of a bummer. AI are intelligent though and a good challenge to beginners, which i am at the moment.+Staff abilities; when one has enough manner they gain the ability to gain a special card which, once played, can easily turn the tide of the skirmish, thus forcing players to reach for the gems mid board in an attempt to increase their magic pool.+In game audio is well worth listening to, it is 'realistic', so no strange squeeks or grunts which ruin immersion from grunts.+The Soundtrack is just fantastic, the music changes from a mellow calm undertone, to a heroic fanfare, spurring the most valient of Wizards onwards to victory!Cons-RNG could begin to grind on some people's gears, the notion that your entire plan could be lost due to a fewjammyrats could be a negative to some who prefer 'safer' gameplay.-Repetition? Whilst online games are varied in terms of the opponent you face, single player games (if you have bad internet) could be poor in terms of ai repeating themselves? I am clutching at straws here, there is really not that much bad about the game :P.Conclusion: A Damn Good Game! 9/10. Definitely worth a buy, despite the relatively high price for an indie game."
76561198053648635,Recommended,319050,18881836,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kalganath,"This game is awesome. Seriously, its not just about the beautiful art, universe an lore.I was following this game from afar for more than a year but without deciding to get in cause it was still in development. The 2 of November  2015 i buyed it for 16 € without knowing what to expect and now i believe is the best strategic turn based fantasy game ever.  Far better than any Heroes and Might and Magic i played ( and i played all since the Heroes III).It can be challenging to get all the system stuff at the beggining but its my third day and since the second im making some gameplays that make me stand up and jump of pure joy. There is no match already decided in this game once you get the basics. Till the last second your fate can be changed by the right move or decisión.The game supports plenty of different builds and tematic decks and the more you play, more personaliced is everything: Your wizard, your strategy your itemizations.Its well balanced and is improving everyday,The community is always polite and showing good manners, eagers to answer your questions and solving your doubts.There are players that develop maps (Realms) that you can explore and spoil, swiching planes to help others with their battles reciving help in exchange.Its everything what Magic should be, and it inst.As it is now it totally worth the investment. In the fture just will get better and better."
,Recommended,319050,17578403,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BorgCollective,"Highly recommended.  Fun, highly replayable, and the game remains deep while being very easy to pick up.  The progression allows for good/interesting replayability.  The game is great as it is, but it's very nice to know there's much more coming as the game approaches its launch.  Give it a go!"
,Recommended,319050,20203547,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SleepySid,"I've been waiting for a game like this to come along for a long time now. It's a game of tactics and chance mixed together in perfect synergy. The chance element keeps the play fresh and exciting whilst tactically you need to constantly re-evaluate your next move as the arena can change in a blink.This game is my game of the year for 2015, a late comer that has really taken me by suprise.Don't just take my word for it though, there is a demo available, so try it out there's nothing to lose."
76561197967114074,Recommended,319050,18272982,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ramius969,"If you loved the original ...You`ll love this one even more..The game is like chess and fantasy rpg all in one. So for people like myself who love to play chess and love to play fantasy rpg`s ,this game is a real treat to mind and senses.The  graphics and art  are absolutly beautiful while at the same time not being overly taxing on a computer system..The gameplay is a balanced combination of tactics ,strategy and a little bit of luck. It`s both single player and multiplayer..I own a MAC ,so I`m also very happy this game was also released for MAC as well as PC. Overall this is great game that is sure to become a classic that will be played for many years to come by growing community of hardcore fans."
76561197986508921,Recommended,319050,15258366,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Luso_Lucavi,"This is the first game on steam I've ever reviewed. If you like turn based strategy games, with RPG elements this is for you. If you liked Magic the Gathering, this is for you. Everyone I've played with has been good natured."
,Recommended,319050,18736623,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KemetWarlord17,"OMG :D, it's like someone took a Polymerization to XCOM's movement, Yu-Gi-Oh!'s card effects and Poker's metagame and opponent reading! Plus you and a friend can take on other duos on epic maps with depth in the effects of Law and Order-swaying your summons have on the alignment of a match and the chance of casting based on that alignment and your wizard's staff, body gear and talismans. This is one of those games you have to experience and you'll lose a lot of life into. Get this game ASAP!"
76561198080678294,Recommended,319050,29736769,Posted: 5 February,all,blackmagic277277,"I rather enjoyed this game....For the most part, If your looking for the one setence to try to visualize this game...Think, Heros of Might and Magic, Poker and some rouge like elements mixed together, I know, I know, that is a little bit that is on the box, BUT you can bluff your summons with fakes that cost nothing to play but have all the effects...as long as your rival doesn't call bull... I admit I did have to milk the Tutorials and some of the campain in the free trial before I decided to pick it up, why? Its strange, but it grows on you.If you like chess like game play, with high fantasy you ought to find this enjoyable, a bit odd, but enjoyable, Multiplayer campains(where you get better equipment that you can keep) can have other players ruin your day...if you allow them in, otherwise you can play against A.I in custom maps to get the resources you need to feel comftrable with a particular play style... or just not bother playing with other people at all, your choiceA mechanic I found very intresting was how the matches can ""shift"" to either Law(featuring elves, paladans,etc) or Choas(undead...mostly) in which cards of the associated faction will cost less and the opposing faction more...which creates an intresting dynamic late game(sometimes putting you in a rough spot if your not paying attension), and if you dont want to be affected by THOSE what so ever, there are also natural cards...which dont care about the balance and feature animals like lionsOverall I like it, its a diffrent flavour then I am used to(Loving Hero Chronicals I was exicted by the hexogonal grid) but I do BINGE play this every so often...then leave it alone until I suddenly have that craving I didn't know I had till Choas Reborn came in...I admit, its a little strange, and they could do a better job with matchmaking...but thats probably a work in progress, intresting ideas though, imagine you just going into someone else's campain for a match, and you can actually add to their expereince, and similarly someone could pop in to a battle your fighting in your campain to make things a lot more intresting, also you can mount certain creatures like Minitours and Peagasi that add some protection and mobility to your spell castor which moves around the mapI probably could go on, but...to sum up, If your unsure(like I was) pick up the free trial and learn the mechanics that I think are rather neat, the animation is awesome and fits a craving for a little bit of Heros of Might and Magic or Magic the Gathering without all the fuss of creating a deck or building and managing an economy(other then your own purse obviously)Now excuse me...I think I might have a craving coming in...."
,Not Recommended,319050,15311093,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tradewind,"Bottom line: a hit point system must be introduced before this game will be anything other than gambling at a computer desk for nothing, except maybe players can pretend to be wearing wizard hats. The current ""one hit point and done"" state for all players and creatures takes away any scaling strength or defense and reduces the battles to hit %'s. In other words, the game is more often than not is not less about strategy and more about chance.There's nothing less satisfying than winning or losing strategic games largely by chance. In the case of Chaos reborn, it could not be made more clear that chance is overwhelmingly more important a factor than strategy. This game is a 'One hit or nothing"" style, where players and creatures alike have but 1 hit point, and hit chance is clearly displayed when making any move. This places the player who takes the first turn at an unreasonable advantage, allowing them to move toward objectives or higher ground before the opponent can react, as well as cast creatures which then may get the first attack. If a player manages to successfully cast a powerful creature early (you guessed it, spell casting it chance based), or even a ranged creature placed at highest ground on turn 1, the game is often already over. On the other side of the coin,  there will be many situations where one player has an overwhelming advantage, either through attrition or unbalanced luck of chance, and will be standing right next to the opponent with multiple powerful creatures, attacking with 50-70% hit chances, to have all of them miss, followed by all of the opponent's lower-chance spells and attacks hitting successively the next turn to flip the game upside down, all with no apparent strategy involved."
76561198004197194,Recommended,319050,18565188,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Tainlorr,"This game is really addicting and fun! It has great multiplayer value. It pulls from the best of board games. I highly recommend it if you're into quick turn based strategy type games like XCOM or Blood Bowl. Matches only take a few minutes, but can have loads and loads of strategy with every move. This game is worth every penny."
76561198006654551,Recommended,319050,27088660,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wesu,"At first, I was kind of iffy about the RNG in this game, but after delving deeper into the mechanics and nuances, I have come to realize that it is really something special. It's thrilling, and yet very tactical, and it rewards you for playing to your outs and making intelligent choices. If you enjoy high-level strategy and tough decision making, I would recommend this whole-heartedly."
76561197962088675,Recommended,319050,15902191,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Handsome Devil,"I'm a huge fan of the Gollop brothers. In this case Julian. This game based on the original: Chaos The Battle of Wizards from 1982. Chaos Reborn is beautiful, smooth and bug free (it's still in Beta)! It has a clever blend of strategy and probability that is ingeniously balanced. I wholeheartedly recommend this title. The only draw back is i'm struggling to find a match so hurry up and buy this game already! On another note, roll on 'Lords of Chaos Reborn'."
,Recommended,319050,14602861,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Auzarius,"UPDATED REVIEWWell, where to begin.  The game has been in early access for quite some time now and it was just recently announced that the game would be officially released at the end of this month.  Since the very beginning I have love the artwork and gameplay.  The artwork while being somewhat minimal in detail, does a great job for creating a uniqueness in the visual design.  The gameplay is turn based which doesn't seem quite as popular these days, but it is handled in such a manner that it doesn't feel like a con.  I should note that the original Chaos was also turn based so this one is as well in trying to stay somewhat true to the original.  In every turn a wizard and creatures (if you have summoned any) are allowed one move and one attack.  The wizard also gets one cast per turn.  Each spell has a given percentage rate of success which can be boosted by earning mana from failing spell casts, acquiring mana sprites, discarding cards, or killing enemy creatures.  Spells of either Law or Chaos alignment will also start to get increases to the chance of success depending on the alignment.  Alignment changes as spells/creatures of either Law or Chaos alignment are successfully cast.  There can be a bit of a learning curve in the beginning but once this is overcome the game is exceptionally enjoyable and in my personal opinion, very unique.  Something else to take note of is the community for this game.  It is by far the best community I have come across for any game I have played to date.  Whether on the forums or on the community site (http://lawandchaos.co.uk/), everyone is extremely helpful and very pleasant to chat with.  Feel free to check out my Chaos Reborn videos here:https://www.youtube.com/user/auzariuszProsThere is a variety of game modes to choose from.  1v1, 1v1v1 (3 person FFA), 1v1v1v1 (4 person FFA), 2v2 (team battle).  There is also the normal live match style or the asynchronous match style.  Asynchronous matches can be played at your convenience.  You could pop on and play one turn a day against your opponent if you chose to, but they can also be played live if your opponent would happen to be online at the same time.  It is an excellent choice if you are not sure if you will have time to finish a given match or want to have several matches going at the same time.The forge system (an optional upgrade) allows you to create custom gear.  I like this one because you can customize the appearance and sockets to your liking.  The downside that has been noted here is that it could be mistaken for pay to win.  No one build will win them all and this is merely an optional tool for players to use if they are enjoying the game.   The forge does not offer any stat increases over already available equipment.  It also adds forge created items into the publicly available item pool, hence allowing other players to acquire them.  This is a pretty awesome feature!The separation of classic chaos and RPG chaos (equipped mode).  Classic chaos allows you to go into a match against another wizard without custom equipment and it gives you a random mega spell.  This keeps players on relatively equal footing and seems to be the preferred method of play in early access.  Equipped mode allows you to earn gold by playing in the ranked matches or playing the single player.  You can use the gold to buy random equipment packs and also purchase items in the single player maps as you complete them.The artwork is superb as I have noted above.  It provides a very unique aesthetic to the visual experience and I have found it very enjoyable.  This is one of very few games I find myself constantly coming back to and playing matches with others.The community is exceptional.  If you happen to have any questions or just want to play against someone who will try to teach you the gameplay mechanics then don't hesitate to visithttp://forum.chaos-reborn.comor the community sites chat client athttp://lawandchaos.co.uk/(you will have to create an account and login on the main page ).  You can also check out this video from UnstableVoltage for some gameplay tips:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcPjPRstLhoYou can also check out thisStraight forward guideby d00m.ConsThe single player while being a nice addition to the game, can be very confusing at first and also at times possibly frustrating.  It does feel somewhat incomplete and is not nearly as enjoyable as the multiplayer aspect of the game.  I would easily say that if you are not interested in the multiplayer portion that this game may not be for you; however, I am sure there are some lets plays out there that play through some of the single player so it is just something to be aware of.  UnstableVoltage also has a video going through the single player realms here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LINbzEWlE4YServer lag.  While this does not ruin the game since it is turn based.  It can create a delay in the execution of your moves leaving you feeling like the game just broke or something.  This one is just something to remember.  Chances are if you executed an attack or movement and it didn't happen right away that the server is experiencing lag and the action should happen within the next few seconds.I don't know if this is really a con or more just bad luck but sometimes the RNG (random number generator) can feel somewhat merciless.  There are just matches where it will seem like almost every spell fails regardless of success chance (like a 96% success dwarf or something).  This will likely happen to you at some point but overall not really a con.ConclusionI can say that I would easily recommend this game.  It feels very well done even though there is still quite a bit more development ahead for the social features.  I strongly recommend joining the community for playing matches as it can be a lot more fun that simply using the match maker all of the time.  Please feel free to leave comments on this review.  :)ORIGINAL REVIEWGreat gameplay and a cool concept!I will go into greater detail at another time, for now all I can say is that I have been enjoying the game!  I just wanted to list a few cons that I have noticed just so other users can be aware.  I doubt that anything I list here has been missed in the other reviews though.  I think that the game has grown pretty steadily since I began playing a few months back.  I still enjoy the game just as much if not more than when I first started playing.  The community is probably the best that I have come across in the gaming community.  They are active on the forums and while there are varied oppinions and some are more vehement than others, it doesn't resort to trolling and bashing like you usually see on the forums.http://lawandchaos.co.ukis a great community site that provides information for Chaos Reborn and also a tournament client to facilitate communication between those who play Chaos Reborn (there is currently no ingame chat system or friends list - that is all facilitated by using the Steam overlay).  There is also other great information out there likethis videothat UnstableVoltage put together for the 0.26 patch to help new players understand the game.  There is also thisstraight forward guidethat d00m posted here on steam.  For anyone who is on the edge about buying the game, I encourage you to take the plunge.  I know for me it has been well worth it and I imagine most would agree with that.  I have posted most of my matches up on youtubehereif anyone is curious about the gameplay.[...] (the rest got cut off by steams character limit x.x)"
76561198119211135,Recommended,319050,25221084,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,butthearse,"I love this game. I usually get pretty burnt out on games after a little bit, but I play Chaos pretty much 10-20 minutes every day -- both ""league"" and ""friendly"". I've been playing since the end of the early access period, and I've seen this game grow and change and get rebalanced (for the better) quite a bit.I mostly play asynchronous PvP because that's how I really got started playing the game, it's pretty much 0 pressure and you can just kick back and think about how to play your turns. I play live games too every once in a while.I've played a couple realms and overall the experience was pretty good (especially whem assisting other wizards in battle) but for whatever reason, just doesn't grab me like async PvP.The RNG isn't bad just play your odds conservatively in the right places but gamble in the right places everything works out. Don't expect your 80% to work 100% of the time. That said, the fairly new ""law mode"" plays great too -- I like it almost as well as the RNG version -- I say almost because there's a whole lot of crazyness that's just not on the table with law mode. It's pretty orderly and straightforward.The PvP community is pretty chill. Never once have I had anyone say anything stupid or terrible.This game rocks, and dang, async play is kinda unique and awesome."
,Recommended,319050,25464722,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Alterum,"If you're at all curious about this game, just download the demo.  For me, it's a really fun multiplayer turn-based strategy game."
76561198095684897,Recommended,319050,22098166,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Simon Lancaster [ANWF],"Really great tactical wargame. I have never been into wizards and dragons but this is such a wonderful little gem of a game. The battles are thrilling and immediate - you go straight into the action and can summon up all sorts of spirits and demons. It is a very straightforward system, and you are battling the hordes and in the midst of it straight away. Battles typically take 5-20 minutes so you can play a lot of games in a short space of time. The graphics are very nicely done with beautiful character depiction, and lots of fun stuff like meteor showers and ice glaciers burst forth from the tip of your wizard's staff onto your screen.I can highly recommend this game and I really hope it builds up a decent following because the developers are bringing out improvements all the time with extra monsters and spells, and you have 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 and co-op battles now. 9/10"
,Recommended,319050,28647406,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tranny Rex,"I Love This Game, The Community Is Great, And Every Update Just Makes The Game Better And Better."
,Recommended,319050,22629631,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,bfgmark,"Really Loving this game, never played the original, but this is a real polished diamond in a sea of mediocre. If you love turn based tactical games like xcom this is a game you should definetely have in your library."
76561198064227042,Recommended,319050,28919845,Posted: 1 January,all,twinpeaks,"I absolutely love this game,  there's so much to like! Chaos mode is where it shines with a game based on exciting random rolls but balanced so well that true skill is still the main factor in determining winning or losing. Truely a game for people who like to think, and outthink others.The art direction is perfect, if you like fantasy you will love the character of this.On top of the core game there is some a fun questing mini-game that weaves in multiplayer so well by letting you drag in an ally or face invaders taking control of the ai.Lastly the community of players is just the nicest.Great job Snapshot and thank you"
,Recommended,319050,31665129,Posted: 10 May,all,Laser Lettuce,"Classic wizard battles, now with a hexagons. I've played clones of the original that were still better than most games coming out today."
76561198151530615,Recommended,319050,21926881,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tofoo,"Xcom meets Magic The Gathering.  I love this game.  There is just the right amount of depth and complexity with a very helpful tutorial.  Why don't all games have a tutorial this good?In this game wizards try to destroy eachother by casting spells/creatures and moving them around chess board like terrain.  Most spells are not guaranteed to cast and the players have the opportunity to increase or decrease those chances by spending mana.  Alternatively players can bluff by casting an illusion that always succeeds, but can be disbelieved by their opponent, causing it to poof if they are right!The graphics are beautiful and the game is in a finished, polished state."
76561198073213855,Recommended,319050,18856328,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mad Jacq,"This game is great fun and an excellent value.This is the most hybridized game I have ever played. It is a turn-based mixture of...-Squad tactics (ala X-COM)-Monster summoning and spell casting (ala Magic the Gathering)-Exploration and adventure (ala Eador)-Multiplayer (sort of a slow motion Might and Magic-esque DOTA2...)If you want to play alone you can, if you want to play with others you can do that either exclusively or as you like. For example, in my first realm I played it completely solo only to request a real person's assistance with the final realm conquering battle. I got a nice, helpful, ally and we won! Yay! (In case you are wondering, you share the loot evenly with your ally if you do this with help)There is a lot of replayability here. As I understand it the realms that can be player and developer created are potentially unlimited and there are always tournaments. There is ZERO PAY TO WIN, which is great. The game also offers some gear tweaking and development that you can do in the form of outfits, staves, and talismans. The talismans are what you trick your outfit and staff with to boost abilities or add new ones.  These outfits are counter-balanced and designed mainly to augment particular playstyles.The depth in the game is astounding and the tuturials do a great job of easing you into it. You have:-Different units that can fly, range attack, counter attack, are undead, etc.-Different spells that attack, buff, etc.-Different totems and battlefield walls and such-Different heights on the battlefield as well as points of interest to contend over (mana power ups)-Alignments (law and chaos which affect the chance to get off spells of the same or opposing types) along with ways to influence this spectrum in either directionVery impressed so far and have not begun to scratch the surface. I bought this for under $20 on sale and it is a STEAL!Thanks developers."
76561198018718580,Recommended,319050,19055756,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Warpe37,"Great game that's easy to play and difficult to master. Due to the tactical depth and RNG, every match is full of twists and turns to both utilize and overcome. I'd recommend this to anybody who enjoys tactical gaming!"
,Recommended,319050,13335218,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mr_Twister,Quite likely the most underestimated game on Steam.
76561198167148194,Recommended,319050,14487704,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Grythandril,"Updated since new additional of Law modeThis is more of a preview than a review due the fact the game is not fully complete.I Like the fact that chaos is getting developed for the PC and with multiplayer options.Although the game is not complete it is progessing very nicely.The graphics are excellent and quirky.The spells are nicely developed and like the original no game is every the same.Different strategy and tactics are require in every game.I am sure that once the game is completed it will surpass the original which i still consider to be a classic game for the ZX spectrum.Chaos mode is great for playing with friends and bring the elements of tension, fun and dramatia to an online game.  Also gain new friends to play and gain more tactical insight.Law Mode for me personally is more RPG in terms of single player mode or even trying out the various maps created by other players. With the new element of HP to wizards & creatures give this tactical game a different perspective especially for those not keen on Randomness.You have the ability to invite friends in created maps and or against the AI in a 6 player version.This new dimension may help players to choose between:Chaos mode for randomnessorLaw Mode for the more RPG style.Well done to Julian and snapshot for bringing an additional dynamic to this game."
76561197969555884,Recommended,319050,14291581,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Severn,"I normally detest RNG in strategy games, however this might be the one exception.  It fully embraces RNG and forces you to never be completely certain that your plan will work.  Yes, there are some games you simply cannot win.  If you look past these you will see a beautiful game of incredible depth.  If turn based tactics is your thing, you will likely find something to love here.  Also, this is probably the most stable alpha I have ever participated in.  I have spent 50 plus hours in the game and had one game breaking crash, which I actually logged back into and played the match out anyway.  Very limited content so far but... well the fifty hours spent on it speaks for the quality of the base game.  If you want to enjoy the game, I would advise the following:  When you come to the inevitable unwinnable game, still try to learn from it and implement that knowledge in future matches.  If you just spend that time fuming it is difficult to get better."
,Recommended,319050,17653533,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Kiratomi,"I think this game has a ways to go, but with the way it is working it is going to be something that will be awesome to add to your library. I need to stream it on my twitch soon and hope to get some more people interested in it. The biggest downfall is that (currently) there is no way to see how many people are in a playlist at the moment. I would love to know before I wait for 10 minutes if there is going to be a match any time soon."
,Recommended,319050,23467226,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Solar,"Before you consider buying this game you've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?This game has alot of RNG but it still has alot of strategy. It is all about managing your risks and thinking of the potential consequences of what will happen if your spell succeeds or fails. It has a good tutorial that clearly explains all of the mechanics. There is a single player campaign and a ranked and unranked multiplayer mode. I recommend getting this game if you're okay with handling annoying RNG (if you played Xcom and didnt break your controller after failing a 90% shot you're ready for this game)."
,Recommended,319050,25767719,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Overburn,"What can I say about this game. Its simply amazing. If you like card games/board games and RPG's with loot gathering. . .  this game will scratch the itch of all those. It has a single player campaign. Not only that, it has a completely seperate multiplayer component which has different campaigns that can be played. You can invite your friends (or random people) to ally with you in battles. At the start of MP campaigns, you can select if you wish to have ""invasions"" or not. This will allow other players the ability to control enemy wizards in your game. You have the ability to do that as well and you get notifications to do such an action while you are in game. At first, the game seems sort of shallow. . . but once you start learning the mechanics and see the loot aspect. . . there is quite a bit to take in and do in the game. Its simply brilliant. I purchased this game when it was in early access and it has come a loooooong way. Its definitely worth a buy and try if you like any of the aforementioned genres without question."
,Recommended,319050,24541293,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Tough Think Tank,"This game is awesome, guys! It has many options.The base situation is simple. You have cards and you can summon or enhance summons, yourself even. There are two sides. Law and Chaos. If the scales tip to one side, those spells become easier to cast and the opposite remains the same. There is Law and Chaos mode. In Law mode, you work strongly with mana and outcomes are much more predictable. In Chaos Mode however, which was earlier in the game, you have chance to summon, chance to hit and chance to die! (Or be victorious.)There is duel mode, where you can play equipped, so that you have a Bodygear and a Staff and Talismans to enhance them. The talismans range from casting an extra ""spell"" having in the random deck of yours certain cards and buffing the summons too! Or yourself, I always add this, because you can be a badass mage, who kills a dragon!These are the rules, no complication, just pure fun! I wouldn't add more, hoping that more of you read it."
76561198057917166,Recommended,319050,26635783,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BOOST!,"Wow havent played this game in like 2 years, and I gotta say they have made some HUGE improvents since I last played.Particularly the fact that now law mode kinda turns it into the turn based strategy game I always wanted."
76561198279853244,Recommended,319050,28615826,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,壊れかけのRadio,"A fresh air to my gaming experience.Though never played chess-like tactic game before, I quickly found my love for this game: both the quantifiable ""Law Mode"" and the interesting ""Chaos Mode"" with full of uncertainties, and most importantly, the freedom to switch between the two modes, make playing this game a really enjoyable experience.But I would really like to have a chance of using S/L to improve my gameplay. Now, players should be very careful when creating the single player campaign: you cannot change your choice of gear and spell until you finish the whole campaign."
,Recommended,319050,15445868,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Oriomaeth,"Early Access and already very playable, if you are looking for a fast turn-based strategy game, look no further.This one has all the requirements for lots of fun, high replayability, and a multi that will give you the onemoreturn syndrom.Game graphics are ""pretty"" (as it's says on the option menu.. but in fact better than just pretty) and arena are well designed to provide good challenge.thumbs up"
76561198023700663,Recommended,319050,20706619,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Halvance,"Great game with a lot of potential in the future.pros:- Fast paced turn based combat (I didn't believe it could be possible:) )- Realy good design (graphics & gameplay)- realy fun multiplayer- card deck with random cards in combat (with this everybody has basicaly same chance to win)- equip talismans/staffs/gearcons:-  sometimes you can get big frustration after enemy wiz 14% kill you or your creatures (if this happens few times)- There is no visualisation of failed/success casting. You only see ""Failed to cast"" or ""Succesfully cast..."" would be nice to see some % in the log.You have 94% chance to cast rats. You fail, but you would see that cast the spell with 34% probability...(I know this are not dice, but it would still be nice to see something else than just plain Fail/success log. If you fail 4 times in a row and will see different numbers at least you would not feel ""robed"")Overall it is a realy good game with great aeasthetics & tactics...To me this game feels like pure design (everything feels exactly as it should be)Players are realy nice and the multiplayer aspect is great (at first I thought it cant be possible with turnbased game and rng management)People who have problems with RNG should rather look somewhere else(to me this is still better than the RNG in Darkest Dungeon:) )"
76561198023203865,Recommended,319050,26156045,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,tlp1954,"When I first started playing this game it was a love/hate relationship but I have to tell you this game has really grown on me... Being a fan of campaign RPG/Strategy hybrids, I can definitely say that the single campaign mode is frustratingly disappointing; but where this game shines is in multyplayer... Learning to utilize the talisman system for armor and staff power-ups, and learning to master both law and chaos play is the meat of this gem... This game can be as intricate and hard to master as chess, and you will spend much of your time learning from your mistakes while you work on climbing the level ladder... If you love a challenge then buy this game, but be forwarned: You will get angry (a lot) and love it..."
76561198030940597,Recommended,319050,29332084,Posted: 17 January,all,alexei.andreev,"(This review contains no story spoilers, and mostly covers my impression of the game and its mechanics.)TL;DR:Wow, this is an amazing game. Really fun dueling mechanics, including some bluffing elements; fun strategies to test; various play-modes to explore; well developed multiplayer.OverviewYou play as a wizard. Most of the time you spend dueling other wizards. You have a deck of cards. The deck is randomly generated from all the cards in the game, but biased towards your wizard's strengths (fighting vs wizarding; order vs chaos vs neutral). You draw some cards from the deck and that's your hand. You cast the spells you have in your hand. You can cast the spell for real, paying the mana cost fully, or you can cast the illusion version of the spell, paying no mana, but risking that your opponent might figure it out and dispel you creature for basically free (hence a very fun element of bluffing).During the duel, you and the monsters you summon are on a hex-grid. You can move around, taking turns with your opponent, to navigate you wizard and your creatures into a better position. The map has various features that impact the strategy: height, holes, mana sources. You win when you kill the opposing wizard.Order and chaos modesI'm not sure how it came to be, but this game basically has two pretty distinct fighting game-modes: order and chaos. In order, you use your mana to cast spells, and everything (e.g. damage) is done predictably. A spell costs X mana, a creature will do Y damage. It's pretty intuitive and easy to pick up.In chaos mode, everything is left up to chance: whether or not your spell cast will succeed, whether an attack will hit, etc... A spell will succeed with X probability; a creature will kill with Y probability. This leads to very different gameplays, since you have to account for the possibility for many of your spells failing.At first I was shocked that they went through the effort of making both of these, but I think each works nicely, and it adds an interesting dimension to the game. Order is a good place to start, but I'm guessing that at higher expert levels the game really shines in chaos mode.Map modeI'm not totally sure why, but there is a very simplified ""Heroes of Might and Magic""-type map mode where you travel around a map and attack various key buildings. You can recruit units to travel with you and help you fight. This makes sense for the campaign-mode, but it's also pushed pretty heavily in multiplayer. One interesting mechanic is that when someone is playing on a map like that and starts a duel with an AI wizard, you can jump in and become that wizard, thus making it way harder for the other person. (You earn some gold, crystals, and XP if you win.)Offline and multiplayer modeThere is an offline mode where you can go through a campaign. I got pretty tired of it pretty fast. The story and writing are kind of dry, plus at some point it becomes a bit tedious to fight AI.The multiplayer mode is where it's at. You start by creating your level 1 wizard hero. There is a healthy amount of customization you can do, which will impact your dueling strategy.Other stuff you do in multiplayer:* You can duel other players. If you win, you get gold, minerals, and XP.* You can go to various ""realms"" (see Map mode) and get items and gold that way, but it feels a bit tedious.* You can spend gold on getting items for your wizard, which will add various improvements to your spells.* You can spend minerals to forge your own custom items. This seems really cool, though I haven't played with it too much yet.* Once you get high enough level in multiplayer, you can apparently craft your own maps. I haven't got that far yet.Some takeawaysThe good:* Very fun dueling mechanics. Especially love the illusion / bluff mechanic.* Good amount of fun spells (around 50 total) with various strategies one could pursue.* Love the art and the aesthetic of the game.* When playing against higher level human opponents, you can still do very well. I almost defeated a level 100+ player as a level 9 (and have beat multiple times people with levels 30+).* Looks like there is still an active community around the game. I haven't had trouble finding matches. Everyone was very friendly.The meh:* Map mode (and therefore most of single player campaign).* Normally matches take about 1-20 minutes, which seems totally fine to me; but something about the pacing of the game still feels slow.The bad...? Honestly, I can't think of anything."
,Recommended,319050,18746452,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Aertyr,"This game is the product of Hearthstone, Final Fantasy Tactics, XCOM and Poker rolled into one. It's quite possibly the most fun I've had with Strategy Games in since the launch of XCOM: Enemy Unknown. If you love strategy games and love to think tactically this is the game for you. Amazing community. This game is not nearly as popular as it should be. I'll be playing it for a long time to come. Hope it continues to grow."
76561198003004240,Recommended,319050,18713943,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,david.ian.barr,"This is a new take on an old classic, keeping excellent gameplay but updating just about everything else to make it enjoyable by today's standards.The premise is that you are a Wizard fighting one to 3 other Wizards, human or AI, and take turns in summoning creatures or casting damage spells, with the goal of defeating the other Wizards.There is a good degree of complexity with the possibility to bluff hard to cast spells (cast illusions), and the opponent to call your bluff (disbelieve).  As you case more spells aligned to Law, other law spells become easier to cast, and vice versa with Chaos.Although this is not a card game, I think people who like the depth offered by games like Hearthstone or Magic the Gathering, will be pleasantly surprised.  Although your list of spells is somewhat smaller, the option to boost them, bluff them, physically move and position creatures adds a new level of depth which is intuitive and easy to understand.  The tutorials do an excellent job of explaining the game mechanics.All in all, an excellent turn based game."
76561197994528644,Recommended,319050,18849215,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,A goblin shaman.,An awesome game that's easy to learn and very hard to master.  Lots of interesting tactics and spell interactions in duels.  You have to learn to embrace the fact that almost every spell has a % change of success and realize that skillful play will ultimately trump luck (well 99% of the time anyways ;) ).It's also great because you can just hop in the game and play a couple of matches in less than 30 minutes.  Sounds like the game will be well supported with more content on the way as well.
76561198015740903,Recommended,319050,21140147,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Chocolate Putin,Most depressingly underplayed game of 2015/16.Please. Buy.
,Recommended,319050,30101519,Posted: 22 February,all,MBchrono,"Fantastic game.  If you like the Mage Wars board game, this is definitely for you.  If you don't like the Mage Wars board game, buy it anyways.  It's $4.99 right now.  You're just going to spend that money on candy anyways."
,Recommended,319050,16935518,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ScarToxic,"One of the most polished early access games I've played.  Great variety of creatures, excellent pacing.  I would like to see a more robust single player mode.  Please note, this doesn't mean I need a narrative, but a sort of ""deck building"" mode that I could play, leveling up my wizard and choosing my loadout would be ideal.All in all, great effort and glad I picked this up.  The original Xcom was one of the greatest games ever made and the developer's understanding of rewarding strategy shows.  Well worth the price of admission."
76561198127301588,Recommended,319050,26905266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DirtyBlastard,"One of Steam's hidden gems. If you like the XCOM franchise then this game is worth a try. Try the free demo if you're unsure. Chaos Reborn is not another card game, the cards are just a UI/asthetic design choice, not really a gameplay element. I keep finding myself coming back to this game again and again. I really enjoy it, the only bad thing is the player base is nearly non existent as of writing this. There is user generated content though so there should be new incoming content for quite some time. New realms are still being released all the time."
,Recommended,319050,23960144,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Telarius,"Though I had never played the original game on which this was based, I purchased it during Early Access, as it seemed a very unique blend of turn-based strategy incorporating a card-based system.   Now that I am actually putting a little time into it post-release, I am extremely pleased with the outcome.  I highly recommend it for fans of turn-based strategy looking for something a little different."
76561198005723910,Recommended,319050,14408622,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Opes,"Great game, great potential, and incredibly fun to play! I had and have a better time with it than i did with many other ""finished"" games. Some people claim this game is purely random and luck-based. That is actually not true. In fact, its about taking calculated risks.This game is for you, if- you enjoyed xcom on higher difficulties- you like turn based games, that take about 10 minutes each match- you like games that focus around tactics, bluffing and decision making- you know how to handle pencentages- you can plan ahead- you understand that sometimes you will lose games even if you played correctly (just like in games such as hearthstone or magic the gathering)- you don´t rage, because you fail a 95% percent roll"
,Recommended,319050,16941832,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,No Cookies 4 U,"I like the game it's really fun if you like turn-based strategies.TL;DR to get started:Your cards have a % based chance to successfully be cast.There are three types of cards:Holy themedNeutral/Nature themedDemonic-ish themedThe more you use Holy or Demonic-ish cards, the higher your success rate is to cast those types of cards. So if you use holy themed cards, you have a higher % chance to cast those types of cards.Why's that important?You can cast any type of card using an ability called Illusion. That has 100% chance to cast the card. But let's say you notice your opponent casting a lot of Holy-ish cards and then then cast a high-level demon card. Chances are almost guaranteed that they used the Illusion ability.You have an ability to dispell illusions, and if you guess correctly that it is an illusion, you get to cast another spell and they basically wasted their turn.  The kicker to that is, if you guess wrong they get to keep the strong minion and you lose a turn.There's more to the game than that, but knowing that will get you started until you figure the rest out. Also, the higher % you see on your enemies when you attack them, the more likely you are to hit them with an attack and kill them. Pretty easy, but like I said, there's more to it than that, and that's where the game gets fun.Examples: As with any turn based game, different units have different strengths. Some can move more spaces, some can fly over obtacles, some hit harder, some get stronger when they kill opponents, etc. And that's not even getting into staff abilities, mana and other stuff. But you can figure that out while you play."
,Recommended,319050,24615268,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Berry,This is a gem. The gameplay is great and tactical. The art direction is amazing. I bought it on sale but it is worth the normal asking price.
,Recommended,319050,23248769,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,HeartUnderBlade,"I really enjoy playing this game, but sometimes it really makes me mad, youll see why.Okay, this is a Chance of killing-invoking stuff. so there i am with 3 Sapphire dragon,  This Dragons have 43% of killing the boss each one. He has an eagle with 33% of killing meMy 3 dragons cant kill the boss- the eagle oneshot me. I dont know if the game is bugged int his cases, it happens most of time it feels like its not 33% its more like 65% you get oneshoted by any enemy.Its funny still, i wish they add a co op campaing."
,Recommended,319050,23459541,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,clef,"Hard to learn, hard to master, but another brilliant (re)design by J. Gollop. Turn-based tactics games with a fantasy theme are common, but the strong bluffing elements and risk management you will find here make for a unique experience. I wouldn't recommend it for impatient people, because the chance elements (random results for spellcasting) can be frustrating to those not willing to put in the time to learn how to adapt to it. This constant uncertainty is the main feature of the game.Currently the game offers a lot of flexibility: You can play in ranked or friendly matches with strangers over the internet, play hotseat in your home, organize a team match with friends or play co-op against the computer. Either live or asynchronous play is supported, so you can play your turns when you get back from work, or play with people in different time zones.The only negative thing I could say about Chaos Reborn, is that it has a form of DRM. But being one of the best turn based multiplayer games you will find, it's completely worth it."
76561197995734158,Recommended,319050,34034005,Posted: 5 August,all,Icemann,"I'm an old school gamer... I played ""Chaos"" and ""Lords of Chaos"" on the 8-bit machines (along with Laser Squad, Rebelstar Raiders etc.), so I'm very familiar with the Gollop stable.I loved it.  Sometimes, you look at something that has a classic formula and say ""don't mess with it"", i.e. if it's not broken, don't fix it, but this WORKS.The addition of the 3d aspect to it just enhances the gameplay, especially given that units on higher ground (rightfully) attract a bonus to attacking those lower than them, and vice versa (which classic military strategy supports).The mechanics of the game certainly don't detract from the original, top-down, 2D version, and I like the way you can change game modes between 'Law' and 'Chaos', a certain outcome versus a random chance.  Nice twist.I haven't played MP yet (at only a few hours into the game as I write), but I will be.Some of the other elements from the classic version, i.e. ""illusory"" monsters (100% success rate on casting, but can be dispelled via an enemy wizard), plus the 'Citadel' and 'Magic Castle', 'Magic Tree', 'Shadow Wood', 'Magic Fire' and 'Gooey Blob' of old are included...this was great to see.The easy way that the tutorial leads you through, step by step.  It, itself, is quite challenging !  Some people may want to bound quickly through it, but for me, playing the many tutorial scenarios certainly added to the enjoyment of the game.The other thing that tops it off is the new features; you can elect for different styles in the game, blending Chaos vs Neutral vs Law spells in your magic play style, with Aggression vs Defence in your physical play style thanks to the various Staff and Armour combinations you can get...and there even appear to be in-game upgrades via the loot you win whilst in combat.  This just adds a whole new dimension to the game that was never there (or possible) in the old days....this is going to be a favourite of mine.Some reviewers have said that there is a lack of people playing this game online, but to me, if people like the game vs the PC, they should take up the challenge and have 8-way human vs human vs PC battles...if you like ""Magic : The Gathering"" or similar fantasy turn-based strategy games / Games Workshop board games, you'll LOVE this.As an offside, If Phoenix Point (the XCOM successor) is anywhere near as good as ""Chaos Reborn"", we're in for a treat."
76561198202036207,Recommended,319050,34651991,Posted: 31 August,all,foxmuldrake,So far I am digging this game. Would be nice to be able to make your own deck but very fun.
,Recommended,319050,26100032,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Biovirus,"I'm glad there is people who make this kind of games.The game is great! its a rpg game, a fantasy game, a strategy game, a card game, a mental game, a game of tricks and lies. It's like playing magic on a board and with living monsters. I hope they keep adding content such as more creatures, spells, gear, maps. etc."
76561198044810792,Recommended,319050,25776568,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vashek,"Having alot of fun with Chaos Reborn so far. I'm playing Law mode atm, but am excited to also try chaos mode. Had been keeping my eye on it all year. It reminds me of Heroes of Might and Magic turn-based battles, but in an arena setting (though more chaotic). Maybe a lil CCG feel to it. I'll be interested to see how the game expands with new spell types, effects, etc. Def worth the price."
76561198031445141,Not Recommended,319050,30226228,Posted: 27 February,all,althanaes,"If you're not familiar with Chaos Reborn, I'd google it and get an understanding of its Law and Chaos modes of battle.Largely speaking, Chaos mode in Chaos Reborn is, well, dead. In single player, the largely player-generated content, though there is an approval process, is not vetted for playability, and most of it is completely unplayable in Chaos mode for a variety of reasons. For instance, in campaigns you almost require Mercenary creatures, which start battles in play instead of needing to be summoned. Many campaigns offer extremely limited amounts of mercenaries for as many as 17 or more enemy wizards to defeat - a single unlucky scratch from a Rat in chaos mode can cost you not only a battle, but your ability to progress in the ENTIRE campaign altogether. The content is very much designed with an assumption that the player is probably playing Law mode like the campaign's creator does.In multiplayer, the only mode which really has anybody still playing it are duels on small, cramped maps. Like single player, few people seem to be playing Chaos mode for dueling either, opting instead to play in Law mode.What this leaves us with is a game that should be evaluated on the merits of its Law mode combat system, wherein creatures have HP, do predictable damage, and the battles of which often are decided by who had more cards in their deck than what those cards were although, admittedly, there is still some strategy of risk-reward that can be taken to outmaneuver your opponent. As tactical combat games go, however, for both single and multiplayer there are far better choices out there. At this time, Feb 2017, and in its current state, I would pass on Chaos Reborn in favor of another game."
,Recommended,319050,14975706,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Morpher,"Great game - awesome ambient.  Music & SFX create great mood.Gameplay feels like Heroes of Might & Magic 3+ duels. I like strategy, turn based games, chess - games like X-COM, Skulls of Shogun and this game has all of it.Right now in Early Access Game there is good mature multiplayer community.Duels are fun, can end quickly like in chess. There are many twists & turnovers during each duel.Can't wait to see what complete game will bring us."
76561197978585819,Recommended,319050,27938921,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Britannic,The modern interpretation of a spectrum classic. deep and enjoyable.
76561198087100438,Recommended,319050,25663607,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,-VahhnGuard-,"AMAZING GAME!!! everything is beautiful the music soothing, and the monster animations are fun to watch a great game to play with friends bought it around 8pm and played till almost 2am....yea this game is fun i liked it the minute i got into my first combat.learning the game will take some time and alot of patience but knowing how monster perks work (similar to magic the gathering abilities) and knowing thier strengths is weaknesses will help you in fights. start off with the tutorial its boring i know but theres alot to learn and if you just dive in your going to miss out on alot of usefull info which could really help you later in harder fights or even in pvp if you so choose.im usually just an rpg guy, but this game hooked me so hard i didnt want to get off the game! for the 14hrs straight of playing the game for the first time i can say im not dissapointed other than this game could use a bigger community.really fun game just try the demo first and see how you feel but definetely try it especially with friends."
76561198018919777,Not Recommended,319050,15933201,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Moist_Apple,sucks I really wanted to like this gameRNG based gameRNG on what cards are in your deckRNG on summoning creatures (20-70% fail rates)RNG on attacking (50-70% fail rates)you lose to the rng not the strategygo play craps at least that rng is more enjoyable.
,Recommended,319050,18832982,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,GreasyGreezy,"If you liked XCOM but miss the multiplayer, than this game is for you. It's quite addictive and really does feel like a mixture of chess and poker. The only thing I would recommend would be, being able to que with friends to find other 2v2 or 3v3 or 4v4... Kind of like how rocket league does their matchmaking. I could create a party with up to 4 players but they all would need the ID name and password but you cant have 2 other random people join so we were stuck just 1v1 against each other... But other than that 9/10"
,Recommended,319050,13315682,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,zerohurt,".....cHΛФS ЯΞVłΞШ ФЯ ШТŦ łS ТHΛТ GЯΞΞЛ GФФ.....Played 16hrs at the time of writing this review and all i can say is Awesome! ..I have been saying for many years since I put the old rubber keyed 48k friend to rest that JulianGollop should remake this on modern tech.All the old time gamers such as myself who enjoyed hours of Chaos , Rebal star and Mr Gollops other early games will not be disapointed, the small touches in the game like the goblins hair spiking up and growling at the shadow woods is just brilliant..You can tell that Julian is a gamer who makes games for gamers.More undead would be nice ((( Spectre ))).. and though i love the Saphire dragon the old Green, Red and Golden would be welcomed back by me, as well as a few more smaller troops maybe for Law and of course Orcs for Chaos.Magic woods could be returned as well i think granting extra spells! :).The balance seems good and although percentages play a big part at no time do you feel as though you have no control and there is a wealth of fun strategy, planning and directing to be had, this game shines and is the best early access I have played ..I can only give it a thumbs up in this early bare bones state and cant wait for more content to be added,the new Realms sound so good and of course really looking forward to being able to play hot seat.***Rejoice the Lords of Chaos have returned***"
76561198062196788,Recommended,319050,21434281,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DeadPegasus,"I bought Chaos reborn in early access and have recently come back to play it again now that features are fully implemented.Pros:(1) you can play a game in 10 minutes and still feel like there's a lot of tactical depth(2) the artwork, character models/animations and landscapes are beautiful(3) the setting and tone of the game is really good (I would play a tabletop RPG set there!)Mixed:(1) The levelling up/RPGish side of things could put people off (at the moment there doesn't seem to be anything to stop brand new player ending up in a game with someone who has all their equipment slots filled) but at least it doesn't seem to be pay to win.Single player: I can't comment on SP at the moment as I haven't tried it. Will update this when I do."
76561197999757599,Recommended,319050,23776028,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bob,"An excellent game that now has a NEW MODE! I personally enjoyed the random gameplay that it is known for, but now they have added ""Law Mode"" in addition for those that prefer little to no random aspects of their strategy.Thats right people. They now have a mode that every creature and wizard has HP, creatures always hit, and spells cost mana instead of random casting chance.I HIGHLY recommend people take a second look at this game and for those new to it, I promise you won't be disappointed.FOR THOSE NEW TO THE GAME, think of a card game where the ""cards"" in your ""hand"" are spells. You have a wizard who moves around the board casting these spells and trying to kill the other wizard(s). Thats just the battles. They also have realms in which to explore an overworld of sorts with battles spaced around.Did I mention these realms are player created? Because they are!This game has a lot going for it, not the least of which is a dedicated team who has ADDED a whole second game essentially just because some people wanted it. They didn't take away anything, just gave us more. No extra cost or DLC, just more game.This game is MORE than worth the full pricetag AS IS. Add to that an amazing development team that has plans to do so much more and steam's sales. I almost would buy this for random people because it is THAT WORTH IT!But seriously, do yourself a favor and check it out."
,Recommended,319050,19111099,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,v23,"Writing a review for this game is AN EASY JOB.Can you get get 1-3 friends to play it with you? IF so you are bound to have a great time. our first 3 hours with this game went by like it was nothing. well done.Things to improve? keep adding more spells, thats all. game is polished and amazing. GJ kickstarter on beliving in this game."
,Recommended,319050,33383288,Posted: 8 July,all,ZyphyrX,"Simple, yet complicated, beautiful game"
,Recommended,319050,18709322,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mira,"tldr: it's pretty good=====Positives:-Fun turn-based gameplay with interesting and varied mechanics: rune abilities, burning cards, mana boosting, height levels and lines of sight, pillars with passive effects, summoned obstacles and stationary creatures, law/chaos bar... the list goes on-Fluid to play, good controls including camera zoom and rotation (important for this kind of game!)-Multi-part tutorial explaining most mechanics (but not all, especially specific creature mechanics sometimes aren't straightforward and are learned with experience) with additional challenge levels-Supports battles of up to 4 players, plus offline with the option of vs cpu-Endless Legend-esque realms* are fairly interesting and give you permanent progress (levels, equipment and runes) for your character*Realms are small missions or campaigns that feel a little like Endless Legend, with various points where you buy and sell equipment, hire mercenaries, and recruit or subjugate native camps. As of now it definitely feels like a huge part of the game and what most people would spend time in; even competitive players not interested in realms would likely play here for the rewards. Nothing as large and complex as endless legend games though=====Negatives:-Portals cost gold and are often the only way to reach different areas, which can slow progress down or leave people stuck-Fee for joining realms in certain cases such as after abandoning the realm: if someone gets stuck and they are forced to abandon the realm or wait for a long time for a random volunteer match, they are further punished by this... abandoning forfeits all rewards aside from xp anyway, don't think we need this-Equipment doesn't tell you exactly what they do, for example does a ""creature"" staff give you different cards from a different type of staff? Which cards specifically?-There seems to be no way to truly customise your deck to what you like if you can only choose from ""types"", especially when you don't know exactly what's different about them apart from the small stuff they do tell you (deck/hand size, etc)=====Meh stuff (stuff that's not that bad but could be better):-Might not have enough variety for some people, with only a handful of units spread out over three categories (neutral, law, chaos)... we'll see how much content is added in the future and at what rate, right now it's still serviceable-RNG CAN be an annoyance, but just like endless legend you can make your RNG better by playing tactically, checking enemy movement and attack ranges, using the terrain and manipulating lines of sight-There are only a handful of realms as of now and it seems like there are little ways to get more realms... we'll have to see about this in the future-Volunteer system lets you play in other players' realms, but only for one battle... nice but turn-based realms supporting multiple players would have been better-fighters from villages can only reach a short distance from where they are based. not a huge problem but there should be some sort of indication as to how far they can reach as this is important when deciding whether you need control of the village or not to help attack an area-ordering your villages around feels clunky, and the bubbles representing them on the map don't accurately let you know where they are. This becomes important if you're moving around while a marauder's chasing you, as they could be just out of your reach to join the fight=====ALL IN ALLthere's a lot of annoyances and stuff that isn't explained well, but the gameplay has fantastic mechanics and plays well. Not something I would would spend a lot of time on per day, but still a good game!=== if i made any mistakes, message or pm me or something"
76561197994334055,Recommended,319050,19587154,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,reddot,"Most fun I've had with RNG since Battle for Wesnoth. Luck is a perverse but constant presence in both games . And in both, as in real life, fortune favors the bold. It is the delicate balancing act that seperates the rash move from the brave one that makes all three so interesting."
76561198001008749,Recommended,319050,26502475,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,S.T.A.R,"This is one of the more interesting games i have played in a long time. The game well designed and the community is friendly. On top of that we have developers who listens to the players and responds in the forums. The game is still not 100& finished so the is still room for improvement, but i cant wait to see what the final product will be."
,Recommended,319050,24557093,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bailee,"I have only been playing the game a short time, but I can tell already it's going to be a keeper because it's just so addictive! The gameplay is so strategic and usually I have the attention span of a goldfish and give up playing these kinds of games, but Chaos Reborn really grabs me and keeps me coming back for me.  The tutorial is thorough, there is a single player campaign and a multiplayer one and they have just added duels and the forge for crafting your own weapons and equipment. The community are really friendly and helpful too. Highly recommended!"
76561197985431334,Recommended,319050,24698618,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,"I've been waiting for this game all my life. If you like turn-based strategy, you will love this.Play the tutorial, but skip the single-player campaign. Jump straight into multiplayer, duels (short) or realm (long). The community is great, and will help you out with anything you need.Absolutely worth buying at full price."
,Recommended,319050,17574387,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Imperil,"Amazing turn-based strategy game, it looks and plays absolutely incredible. Continues to evolve through early access getting better and better!"
,Recommended,319050,13311087,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Dovahart,"This game has potential. It plays like a mix of turn based strategy with the randomness and escaling power of units of mtg it has really interesting and awesome spells you need to play around like the goo, the trees and the dreaded magic bolt.You can steadily build your forces, or you can sacrifice a ton of cards to play the big daddies of the game or you can risk it all and equip your mage with shields and swords and a mount and go man-mode.Love it. Hopefully the devs dont slack off with the development like some other early access games because i really think they have something special here."
,Recommended,319050,26298988,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DeadlyAccurate,"If there were a neutral thumb for this game, that's actually what I would give it. Instead I chose to go with a positive rating, because I do enjoy the combat a lot. Note that this review only addresses the tutorial and the single player missions. I can't speak for multiplayer.Chaos Reborn is a turn-based tactical boardgame, in which are trying to destroy your wizard opponent through spells and creatures. You can choose to play in Law Mode, where you get a set amount of mana each turn to spend on your spells, and creatures have hit points; or Chaos Mode, where cards have a percent chance to succeed at being cast and one successful hit kills (that includes your wizard). I tried both, and I thoroughly enjoy Law Mode much more.Pros:The game is stylistic and attractive. The creatures have a unique design I find interesting. It's bright and cheerful. Spell effects look nice.The game is 3D, so you can rotate the camera to see the whole board.Combat is fun and tactical. You can cast creatures onto the board, but you can also cast them as illusions. They act like real creatures, but if the opposing wizard chooses to disbelieve them,poof!It's a neat gameplay mechanic.The two gameplay modes, Law and Chaos, play differently enough to provide completely different experiences. In Law Mode, you have a bit more freedom to experiment with different tactics. Your wizard won't necessarily die in one hit, so you can risk them a little more. Chaos mode is trickier. Definitely the harder difficulty, but there's something satisfying about pulling off a spell with only a 35% chance to succeed and have the opposing wizard waste a Disbelieve trying to prove it's not really there.The Intro short story was well written and pulled me in. It's a bit longer than most intros, but if you have the time to read it, I recommend doing so. It's nice that they don't force you to read or click through it, though, for those who don't care.Cons:The tutorial is harder than it should be. The purpose of a tutorial is to teach you the game. Instead, this plays out like a series of standalone missions that teach you a new element of combat. They're actually rather difficult when you're just getting into the game, and you can fail them and have to repeat them until you succeed before you can move on to the next one. No one wants to feel like they have to play a tutorial for hours just to get to the ""real"" game.Each campaign in the single player campaign is separate from the others. They're loosely connected, storywise, but all your gold, equipment, and karma reset. This was frustrating, because I felt like all the work I'd done in the first campaign was for naught when I got to the second one. I had some really nice staves and talismans I would have liked to keep using.Edit: A commenter pointed out that it's possible to equip the equipment you got earlier when you're in Limbo (between campaigns), so this is no longer relevant.The campaigns are time-based. Every space you move on the overland map costs you days. As you're moving around, the wizard king (the big bad of the map) is getting stronger. This by itself isn't the problem, but when you die in a fight, you return to the last respawn point. Which might be 20 days away.Respawning also costs you gold. Again, not a problem except for the fact that a) each death gets more expensive, and b) you could actually run out of money and find yourself completely stuck and forced to redo the entire campaign. There's no way to save your game before a fight so you can just reload and try a different tactic. I hate redoing content, and I especially hate redoing it when it means the game actually gets harder every time you fail.You can hire mercenaries in towns (that's not the con). These are creatures that appear on the board at the start of combat. If they die, they're gone for good, but if they live, they go on to the next combat. That's not a bad mechanic, but there are also a limited number of them to hire, and if you die, they're gone as if they, too have died. So again, the game gets much harder every time you die, because now you don't even have the option to hire more mercenaries to assist you in the fight that already killed you.Neutral:You don't create a deck. Instead you pick a staff that determines which cards *might* appear in your deck. I would much rather be able to create my deck manually. It's not a terrible mechanic, and it does keep your deck from feeling stale.The combat map is also timed. I feel like there are too many timed elements to this game, but I can see why putting a timer on combats would keep a game from being trapped in a stalemate.--------I feel like a rework of the death mechanics (as simple as allowing me to save and reload before a battle) would make this game stellar. It's not a bad game, and in fact I'm still enjoying it. But I can see giving up after having to restart an entire campaign for the nth time because I was struggling with one mission for too long. I have way too many Steam games to frustrate myself with one game for too long."
,Recommended,319050,25736000,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dangerous Beans,"This is one of very few TRPGs that are worth playing on the PC. It has some flaws (the turn limit, for example), but it's well above average for the genre. If you like games like Final Fantasy Tactics or XCOM then there's a good chance you'll enjoy this game as well."
76561198015809065,Recommended,319050,27084928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,captainchieflord,This game is sooo good. If you've ever played the original it builds on that and adds depth. It's been updated alot and each time has added value to this already fun game.
76561197984266155,Recommended,319050,25055212,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Thrilla.Chinchilla,"So far everything is clearly laid out for even noobs like me, I am very much liking this battle system, and hope to write a more descriptive review in the future.It has everything it needs for a stellar and spectacular game, but I hope more players will get on as I see a several handful atm."
76561198045648209,Recommended,319050,28898437,Posted: 1 January,all,The Butler,"This game has similiar aspects to other games I've played over the years, Kings Bounty, Endless Legends, Heroes of Might and Magic VI, Eador: Master of the broken world, ect. Traits such as the turn-based hex grid combat were what I wanted, but I found much more to this game than that. This game is very complex in its combat systems, the Law / Chaos combat modes make the gameplay of combat much more challenging than the straight-forward slug fest of the previously mention games.Chaos Reborn also has a different and more challenging feature in combat, Illusions which can make you both guess about the ability of the computer to summons minions and pay attention to the card costs and do math. Overall the game has proven much more challenging in combat with a very polished finish when it comes to the smooth graphics and animations.Looking for a game thats combat makes you think and plan what the enemy is capable of in the familiar aspects of a turn based hex grid strategy game, if so this game is for you."
76561197970883116,Recommended,319050,28249157,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,largelies,"Excellent game, deep and varied tactics, interesting campaigns, and beautiful animations. A bit of an excellent surprise found through the discovery queue."
,Recommended,319050,20137605,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nyklon,Turn based strategy with a nice bluffing system.  I haven't started the multiplayer yet but the single player is addictive enough.  And the realm system of invading other actual peoples realms is a really cool idea.  I also appreciate that MP has asynchronous mode so you can play when you can and not have to be there when the other person is.  If you like turn based strategy then do yourself a favor and get this NOW!
76561197973037073,Recommended,319050,18736529,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ARXON,Just started but this is a very deep and intersting strategy game.
76561198125186380,Recommended,319050,15261758,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MLG pingu,"One of the most unique and fun strategy games on the market and even though it started off as a small game, the game developers release constant updates with even more content already confirmed; like wizards, crazy creatures and very satisfying graphics then get this game."
76561198100516164,Recommended,319050,19152268,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,hudd,Great fun - brilliant if you are looking for some quick (yet skillfull & deep thought) multiplayer  action.
76561198080034379,Recommended,319050,22416391,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,FattyBlimp,One of the best turn based games I've found. It's hard but keeps you on your toes.
,Recommended,319050,18705241,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DEVO,ITS GOOD!BUY THIS GAME!Its unique! You can play mindgames with your opponents. The pictures and videos don't really do it justice. It plays like a boardgame/cardgame. Imagine Warhammer/Magic the gathering/Poker/Chess in one game.The people who complain about the RNG are just bad at the game. RNG makes things interesting but doesn't mean the better player isn't going to win the majority of the time. You can pull some amazing comebacks out of nowhere if you are crafty. I highly recommend picking this up.
76561198023800203,Not Recommended,319050,25767011,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kaisha,"I really wanted to like this game.  I loved the original XCom, I like CCG games, and I like turn based FF-tacitics like arena gameplay.  And even though there's a whole lot of mechanics thrown in (law vs chaos, illusions/dispells, undead mechanics, LOS/height/positioning, etc...), the game as a whole just does not come together.  The game is slow and tedious, the number of clicks and the amount of time it takes to just move a unit and attack is far too much.  The UI is cumbersome and the tooltips useless (and for a game with this many different mechanics you need useful tooltips).  Deck building is almost non-existant and instead you equip gear which gives you cards, which constantly leaves you with half dozen useless cards.From figuring out what has attacked, what has moved, and what hasn't, to trying to get your mount to attack, to the werid LOS rules; this game throws everything and the kitchen sink into the mix, but didn't come up with anything compelling and instead came out feeling like a big mess.  Its too bad, the graphics are decent, the music solid, and the idea seemed quite interesting.WIth some serious rebalanacing, reworking, and streamlining of many of the games systems, I can't recommend this for anything more than $5."
76561197965583985,Not Recommended,319050,18725907,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Tenka,"I'm sorry, but this game is all luck. If you like that sort of thing, sure, have fun. But there is more luck in this game than there is in a game of poker. I've one shotted my opponent out of nowhere in the first 3 turns, and ive sat and grinded out failing to cast 80-90% chance spells while my opponent played Law spell after Law spell when chaos was at +50%.I'm not going to lie, I might try this again at some point and if I find out better how to find the ""strategy"" in this game, I may change my review. But as it stands, this is my current first impression of it."
76561198009876564,Recommended,319050,13656172,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kit the Kat,"Support this high strategy game, small developer with  huge talent : please support.The content has been updated! This is a very fun and well thought out game. Looking forward to its completion. Bump"
,Recommended,319050,13413816,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,The13thSon,"I summoned an illusion of a giant dragon and killed my opponent using only illusions :) he was so angry.This game is fantastic. Short and sweet. Can be a bit frustrating when things don't go your way, but that's part of the world the RNG gods have created.Do you best, start off small, and kill everything. Good luck. Enjoyable game."
76561198007965713,Recommended,319050,13709549,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Darsa Usalo,Great game! Mix of poker mechanic and turn-based strategy.
76561197968640649,Recommended,319050,13312535,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Daio,"I bought it when early access launched and I'm already closing in on 20 hours. It's very, very addictive. I feel I've already got my money's worth and I'm really looking forward to future additions like the campaign. What's already included is designed very well. You can tell a lot of thought has gone into everything.Also worth noting that the community right now is great. Very helpful."
,Recommended,319050,13320457,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,=[GcC]= Dr. Monkli,"Early days, but faithful enough to the original to be bloody brilliant!"
,Recommended,319050,13325537,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nightshade,"I loved the original Chaos, and the fact the Julian decided to revamp the whole game into something this beuatiful and fun makes Chaos Reborn all the better. What he has planed out for the future excites me and I cant wait for more content :D"
,Recommended,319050,13368504,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Shadow of Avalar,"This game is simply awesome. It's a turn based wizard battle game, with some very extensive future plans. The game also support asynchronous multiplayer (kinda like e-mailing a chess game, except the game servers do all the work for you. Simply an awesome game."
,Recommended,319050,14681553,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,arghav,"One of the best games I've played in years, and it's not even out yet!The only feature I would like for the moment is the ability to choose at least 50% of my deck. This could reduce the luck factor in the game by a huge margin.Also, this game already has an amazing (mature) community!"
76561198073266627,Recommended,319050,24870322,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tzarkon,"Just want to say I've really enjoyed playing this game. The developers continue to be active and have been creative in introducing new elements to the game. Gameplay has enough complexity to be interesting, yet is reasonably easy to learn. I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,319050,27726017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,UncommonStuff,I remember playing the original on the ZX Spectrum.  It was one of those amazing games that has stood the test of time.  I'm go glad that the update has not lost the charm of the original.
76561198097017456,Recommended,319050,16943939,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mxstylie,This game is awesome. It keeps getting better and better and the devs are awesome for continuously updating with new content and gameplay. Buy it.Just want to update my review. I will keep it as thumbs up but this game has too much rng to really be fun. It's quite frustrating at times. Concept is great but I just installed and played for an hour or so and uninstalled again. It's meh but I would not say it's a thumbs down.
76561198170688970,Recommended,319050,14075409,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Hiei-Sempi,"I really enjoy the game play, anyone looking to play strategy and enjoys turn base games this is for you."
,Recommended,319050,19175137,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ellraa,"If you are into turn based games with a reasonable fast pace you will like this. Definately worth it imo.The game does not have much offline play options however. So if their servers are down or you have connection issues you'll have problems playing. I have had a case where I could not connect to their servers for some reason, perhaps due to some maintenance, which meant the only option available to play was the tutorial!The single player options are not that great in my opinion, but the game does seem to be best suited for multiplayer however. If you are looking for some epic single player campaign this might not be it.Other than that the  game is really good."
,Recommended,319050,24730762,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,denizarkan,"best game for playing with buddies. a modern chess, much better than card games."
76561197970986351,Recommended,319050,24842058,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,caFOdhER,"Great concept for a game - a cross between Magic The Gathering, XCOM and Poker. Brilliant and imaginative spells, very thorough tutorial (although a better tutorial for the single-player campaign would have helped) and loads of fun."
,Recommended,319050,13823375,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Code6,"This game is great, and well worth playing in its current state. It does what it sets out to do very well. Yes, little is certain in this game, by design. The illusion mechanic is awesome. The strategy and fun of this game comes from managing risks,  well placed bluffing (casting illusions), and calling opponents' bluffs (disbelieving)."
76561198023507159,Recommended,319050,13868413,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,the.grognard,"Early access is a lot of fun.You're going to have to be patient and LEARN new ways of thinking about tactics, but that's a good thing.  I think some players get frustrated because the rules don't work the way they think they should, but thank God there are still game developers that push games and rules in challenging ways...if only gamers were so maliable.This games seems to have the makings of being a PVP masterpiece.  We'll have to see about that, but so far so great."
76561198052259943,Recommended,319050,13983255,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,remag117,"Great game, addicting even without most of it's features fleshed out. Going to be amazing after the final release."
76561198004535220,Recommended,319050,19192620,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Reaper,"Superb remake of the 80s spectrum classic, whats been changed improves on the original gameplay, 1 less reason to fire up a spectrum emmulator now :P"
76561197995400556,Recommended,319050,15385238,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Salathor,"Like chess meets magic meets poker. If no part of that calls your name, you're crazy. It started good and is getting better; the RPG elements are great so far--I am really excited for the prospect of 'realm' exploration and a larger experience, but the game combat itself is already awesome.Get it. Play it.It currently only takes 30 secs to a minute to get a game in the morning or the evening; more players would make it even better."
76561198136070968,Recommended,319050,15658272,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,brandon.brigance,"This game is really, really good! Great even...  Its shortcomings are limited, even at this early stage.  My complaints have more to do with the small size of the early access community, which i know will build up over time and this ""non""-issue will be remedied.  I would like to see a larger variety of tactical spells and/or tools that do more than just attack- but this request is premature, as the game isnt even complete!!!!! There is a learning curve as is often with great strategic gameplay- but the possibilities are endless considering the brain behind developement has had a long time to think about what will make this game amazing!!... To the designer:  Once the game is complete, please keep us engaged with new and exciting magic spells, creature cards, gear, etc!!!!This is the game I have always wanted and thought,""Why cant somebody make a game like this?""  I cant get enough!"
76561197964800987,Recommended,319050,20027378,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,-=[DARK]=-Lt.Patx,"Just  a quick Review - This Game is addictive, fun and a great Way to play some quick Multiplayer Matches. The Devs are further improving the Game and its out on GOG too, building up a solid Playerbase for Online Gaming. It is easy to learn and hard to master (Luck is involved too / Bluffing is practically a essential Gamemechanic =). You can collect additional Cards / Equipment for your personal Wizard too, focusing on a specific Tactic.So, if you are into Turnbased Strategy Games (that offer something different), this one is a good choice. 9.99 well spend in the Sale..."
,Recommended,319050,14528307,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BattMark,"I played the classic on the ZX Spectrum, the clasic was great fun and I fan boy'd all over when I saw this in early access.  I have had 2 games so far and it just seems exactly like the classic, pick whihc spells you cast carefully and think if you want it real or illusion.  I highly recomend this game it will not disapoint."
,Recommended,319050,18642664,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mirage,"A classic in modern clothing - I remember playing the original Chaos back on my 48k Spectrum in the early 1980's. Staying true to the original but adding the spice of terrain, it's a lot of fun. It's a very basic turn based game, where you summon creatures to defeat the other wizards.Graphics are in no way stellar, and sound is mediocre. Still, this does not lower the value of the game, especially if you liked the original.I would wait for it to be on a discount though, unless you're a hard core fan of the original game, or this type of games."
76561198092431729,Recommended,319050,32161441,Posted: 3 June,all,MORROGANDER,Good game but low player base ruins everything. It's a PvP game after all.
,Recommended,319050,17248929,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Vento Uivante,"It's everything I'd been looking in a Turn Based Strategy Game, plus there's a very creative twist."
,Recommended,319050,21388305,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,th0ma5,"A turn based tactical game that features Wizards, spells and magical creatures. Single and multiplayer game modes, nice clear graphics and UI, nice music. Check out my video on this game for more..http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=630361638"
76561198054674323,Recommended,319050,15444135,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,michigogo,"Update 1.0 is coming! the game is going to be out of beta in a few weeks!Have you forgotten how it feels to crush your opponent strategically? This game will make you remember!This is one of the best strategy, magic game I have seen, and it's still beta! If you are looking to have a good time try it!The singleplayer still needs work, but the devs are working hard on it, so no worries."
,Recommended,319050,19983543,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nimraaz,"It's a turn-based tactical hexagonal wizard on wizard action with dozens of really cool spells, very fun probability mechanics (RNG is both your best friend and your worst nightmare in this one, you gotta masterfully use it to your advantage to survive, I love it), it has elegant bluff mechanics which really surprised me, it's easy to learn and hard to master. Singleplayer is good, hadn't a lot of time with it, but you fight AI wizards there. Hell, the tutorial is amazing! It's hard by itself and It has challenge levels on top of it! But with the robust multiplayer it's just the full package, the community is active, there are plenty of game modes, ranked leagues, fast matchmaking and there is yet more content to come. I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time, and noone other than Julian Gollop himself has delievered. Would recommend to anyone who found any interest looking at the store page. It also has a demo like a total baller.What's next? New Laser Squad Nemesis, please? Also I really hope that Chaos Reborn will continue to get full support in the future, because there is currently nothing like it."
76561198116781131,Recommended,319050,25715352,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,asabez,"For people who like strategic turn based / board games, think Hive meets Poker. Very fun and intense battles which last up to half an hour."
76561198161281799,Recommended,319050,18814313,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mene,cool game
76561198080512235,Recommended,319050,18958115,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,wlad,"I love this game...I love this game....I love this game...No now really..I love this game :)First i know many people complain about its RNG side. Yes RNG has very big influence on gameplay(wizard battles) but on other hand it gives to game all that tension and fun since very beggining of match to very end. Yes it is ennoying to die in match and not able to succesfully cast anything(sometimes happens even but very rarely) but then...Sometimes when you think you have lost and then game change in favour of you after you have made some clever moves to defend yourself and turn it around...There is not better feeling of satisfaction after such game if you win or draw!Game itself can be played just as wizard battles mode, where you have to kill opponnent wizards.You kill it with summoned creatures or lovely magic bolt just right into his face! Right if you manage to get close enough and if he didn't kill you previous turns :).There are avaiable 1vs1, 3way, 4way, 2vs2. These can be played for fun as friendly matches or as ranked for rank in league. There are two main types of play in battles. You can play classic mode which will be playing with pure randomn spells without any boost or adjustability to your gear/stats/creatures.Or you can play Equipped mode. There you can equip gear, staffs and talismans which give a boost to you or your creatures or bind spells you want most to have in deck to be there for battle.There is also singleplayer with lots of realms made by players, where you should defeat king of the realm you entered. You lure in realm search for his lords, battle them and buy equipment(in story mode wizard battles are in Equiped mode) from towns, hire creatures and so on. The best fun of Story mode is that it can be played as multiplayer too!(not if you don't want to). There is option that you can let other players invade your realm and they will take control of king or lords to fight you. Even better is that you can aid other wizards or being aided by them.Like that you together will fight lords and king once you approach actuall battle mode screen! So basicly you can get 1vs1 or 2vs2 in storymode too! Really fun!I prefer to play mainly classic mode and story mode and I still have not enough despite of hundreds of battles! There are also tournament sites(link is in game) where you can arrange matches with cool people! Either friendly modes or for monthly tournaments in 1vs1, 3way and even Tournament of Gods!(search for it if you really intrested!).Who I would recomend this game to?If you are player for turnbase strategies, card player like Magic the gathering, you love a tension(like poker player) in gameplay, you love fun - same time challenge, and great community then this game is for you! If you have friends you can play together this game, is more than recommended as it has multiplayer mode over interent or just on one computer!Who I would not recomend this game to?To players who doesn't like loosing(specially if you have personality which tends to like under control everything, no offence but RNG can't be controled), because you will loose in this game even if you are very smart. People who doesn't like intensive thinking, doesn't like to risk without clear outcome.Now brrb gonna do some quick games in classic!"
,Recommended,319050,24121271,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lithos32,Ruined by RNG hate.
76561197998699221,Recommended,319050,21932914,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,JuggaJoe,"Great multiplayer battle game, like XCOM mixed with Chess."
76561198202743253,Recommended,319050,18432228,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,roadgoeseveronand,"so good, so deep"
76561198070570430,Recommended,319050,16201317,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Maanoo,Nice game with nice enviroment and a very interesting mechanic of risk and reward
,Recommended,319050,13361661,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,"**Start of Edit Dated 8-Nov-2015** I just wish that games like this got more publicity and more talk amongst the gaming community, as this game could have been a real contender with games like Hearthstone in the sense that it has so much chess type strategy with planning, trapping, fooling, outsmarting, outwitting, baiting and confusing your opponent into victory. Basically its the only way to win, is to always think outside the box! Because all the time, your opponent, AI or Player, is doing it. This game needs more coverage! Its such a shame, as a part time advertising analyst this game needed to be pushed to get the right market. It has such potential its not even laughable. **End of Edit Dated 8-Nov-2015****Older Review**This game is basic cat and mouse, and the tides of battle can change so fast! I have been playing the Kickstarter test game before it came to steam and I must say that I loved the idea! Unit position, summoning and luck all play a roll, but it is as much skill as it is luck.For example, summoning units has a % chance, you can increase your chance to summon by spending more mana on the summon, thus your making a strategic decision, do I spend more mana to try and summon this monster/item/spell? Or do I save my mana. It can get vary intense. And these types of situations are all throughout the game and what makes it unique.A vary imaginative game!"
76561198007040869,Recommended,319050,13859722,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dregs13,"Very fun and addictive game if you enjoy Turn-Based Strategy and/or RNG combat. The game is far more polished than your typical Early Access title. The community is very friendly and helpful as of now. The Realms of Chaos sounds very promising and I cannot wait for its release. In my opinion it is worth the full $20 and a must if you happen to see it on sale. Make sure you watch a couple games before purchasing, to ensure the combat is to your liking."
76561198012108493,Recommended,319050,13982438,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Giaka,Brilliant idea and so far well realised! Ideal mix of strategy and luck! Cannot wait to see this reach its full potential
,Recommended,319050,14090330,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,thrAsher,"Chess for people who are too nerdy to enjoy actual chess. Put on your wizard hat and get in the ring, Chaos Reborn is a legitimate strategy game that won't eat your entire day, unless of course you want it to."
,Recommended,319050,14330851,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Scorpius,fantastic board-like strategy game that knows how to entertain in longer or shorter matches. needs lots of balacing still but it's loads of fun! get it and battle me!
,Recommended,319050,13454335,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Giodyne,very addictive probably will play for 1000 years
76561198021782092,Recommended,319050,13511793,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SmokeyStern,"AS OF FEBRUARY 6th UPDATETO PEOPLE WHO HATE THE RANDOMNESS...  While it isn't wrong to hate the randomness in the game, I do think it would be a poor element to remove.  This game is different then any other game I take seriously in that i don't mind losing games from bad luck.  Every time i get the chance to magic bolt a guy and risk my life I have a 71% chance of winning so if it fails and I lose thats fine.  Over a large number of games I am going to hover around a 71% win rate which is pretty dame good (won't risk it if I will win a game anyways though haha).  I feel this game is unique in my library in that I play to do well over a large span of games, not to win the game I am in.  If you focus on playing as well as you can each match you can bring your chance of winning up a ton and eneding a game nowing you did about as good as possible and thinking of how to improve your game (and thus, your chances) can be incredibly rewarding (or at least, it is for me).  If you hate the randmoness, I say try it with a new mindset.  If you still hate it, then that is why there are other games on Steam.This game is missing most of its features, but the core is in place and the foundation for the rest of this game is incredible.  Most updates have major features or tons of new content though so I never feel like I am bored of the features already in cause they keep giving me new ones at an almost inhuman pace.  The tounrment client is also a ton of fun and works very well.  I already have greatly enjoyed playing and knowing that there is so much more on the way just makes me that much more amped about this game."
,Recommended,319050,13564283,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zim,"Chaos Reborn is a nice hidden gem at the end of the year of 2014This would have to be the best game to appear as an early access game on Steam to date. Gameplay is great and fun to play, the random draws of the spells and easy to learn mechanics of the game mean that If you are new to the game then you will not have a hard time playing against someone who has sunk several hours into the game. Some would say that makes the game unbalanced but I see it as away to let new people to the game be on a fair playing felid with players who have had more time to play. Cards (spells) are unlocked as you level up, maps vary in size depending on how many people are playing. So far you can play 1v1, 1v1v1, 1v1v1v1 & 2v2 online, with a spectator & offline mode also available.The game offers so much fun already, I look forward what awaits in the coming year and for the full release."
,Recommended,319050,13576897,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PeteUplink,"This game is great! I never played the original Chaos on the ZX Spectrum, but I did play a clone of it on the Commodore 64 when I was a teenager. I've been looking for a game like it ever since, and now it's finally arived.Can't wait to see what other features they're going to add."
76561198057125174,Recommended,319050,13595054,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,keeneobservations,"I highly recommend this game. Even in early development, it's extremely fun, plus there will be addirional features coming. I can't wait to see the campaign/solo play added and the forgemaster where you can make your own specialized equipment.Great game, lots of playability."
,Recommended,319050,13617984,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OrbitFortyEight,Truly worth the purchase as it is now. The full product will be special. It's one of those games that seems easy to pick up but will take you ages to master. And that is not counting the randomness of the game. I've barely played a few online games but what I have played has been great. The community is really good.Just buy it!
76561198027102199,Recommended,319050,13642623,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Incredible General,"First off, you should consider buying this game just because it's made by Julian Gollop, one of the finest minds in the strategy gaming industry. Check out any list of ""best games for xxx computer"" and the chances are, one or more of his games will be near the top.This, a re-imagining of one of his most fun and accessible games, will satisfy anyone craving a turn-based battle with a few random elements thrown in. Matches are hectic and can flip in a heartbeat, just like the original, and don't last too long so are ideal for the modern gamer.The only criticism for me is that, as it stands, it lacks polish (mainly the controls and sound effects need focussing on), but I'm sure this will be addressed once they get the planned core game features brought out.Anyone with fond memories of the original Speccy version, what are you waiting for? This is even better, plus you get to play online live and with up to 20 asynchronous games!"
,Recommended,319050,13411383,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PLATE57,Excellent turn-based game with a lot of incredible content on the way.  Lots of fun right now but it's only going to get better!
76561198014965323,Recommended,319050,13304162,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,PerfectKill,"great turn based tactical/strategy game - i remember the original on the sinclair ZX spectrum (48k, lol)no 2 games will be the same, quality release for early access (only MP at this time) but single player expected with next update - lots of videos on youtube showcasing 4 way wizard battles with commentary - very friendly helpful community building nicely - ive followed this since the kickstarter was announced but didnt back it - my mistake!"
,Recommended,319050,13311274,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,the1smithy,"This is an early access title with its core fundamentals and gameplay already in place and working. Take note other Early Access Dev's this is the standard everyone should aim for. No crashes, fluid fun gameplay and a levelling system that I cannot wait to see them bring up from the cap of 7 that is currently in game.The game has the backbone to be something really special. Its already very addictive and has a friendly community.Easy to pick up and play and even in your first few games you may pick up a sneaky win (magic bolts??!!) but the fun really begins planning each match tactically and then seeing your beasts tear up the battlefeild.Most players even go as far as naming their dwarfs and spiders.I have a sapphire dragon called Brian.... Hes looking forward to meeting youReally looking forward to seeing how this develops.. Finally yes you will miss some of those 95% ers and damn is that frustrating but all part of the fun.May luck be with you"
76561198039363977,Recommended,319050,13332133,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MoJIox,"Should be forbidden to sell :Dtoo damn addictive, even in its current state.but not now ..now need another dose of chaos :DBravo."
76561198013770041,Recommended,319050,24695236,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,sgallo3,"This game is great, i can't believe it hasnt gotten more press."
76561198045930372,Recommended,319050,16851087,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Veshrou,"If the game doesnt work online, hold shift while connecting to perform an alternate connect. This game is pretty solid. A bit too random for my taste, but the random factor should make players of all skill levels pretty even."
76561198082303299,Recommended,319050,16927815,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,aoigami,"Forced Online for single play for now.Already got that♥♥♥♥♥♥with Diablo 3  /:Not worth the price and your time if you are a solo player...If later the game add some offline Quest Mode for solo fun,i'll change my review.I didn't ask for a refund because game had potential.Alas,the new fashion now for single play is to be online only.I really hate this!PS:For more information about the solo part,see comments.This is not a 100% bad review but ""Neutral"" option doesn't exist...Edit:The new version without online for solo play is great ^^I bought the game on GOG to be sure to never have to go online again and i have fun.Thanks for the GOG release...some time ago..."
,Recommended,319050,15250265,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Explosivity,"It might be early days, but Chaos reborn is shaping into a extremely fun game.Just be aware of that damned Gooey Blob spell!"
,Recommended,319050,17264991,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kannapa,OK this passed the first test its intuitive and fast paced.http://youtu.be/Fpv4lXFMsRc
76561198002230961,Recommended,319050,34982013,Posted: 15 September,all,Slow Cobra,"Took the devs some time to finish and polish that thing, but now I can finaly reccomend this game. It is sad to admit there are very few active players, it's true, but the game has a more or less solid AI, that will be brought upon you in both pve campaigns (realms) and pvp duels (if another player doesn't show up in 5 minutes), and since the game is turn based you can still play a compatitive league with other players making your turns at any time of the day you find yourself able to (asynchronous games).The game has two main mods:Chaos mode- the original way this game is ment to be played: all your actions (atacks/spells) have a chanve to succed or fail, if they succed you instakill the chosen opponent, if they fail - well, nothing happens on screen, while off screen you will probably have a little real life drama.andLaw mode- the lame (imho) mode added to soften the butthert of whiners who find it too hard to cope with a game that takes a fresh look at the turn based strategy concept, and hence requers a fresh way of thinking from the player. I mean: this is your avarage turn based strategy mode where every unit has a health bar, your spells use mana, the succes of your atacks is guaranteed, while their impact depend on your damage.At this point both modes are properly balanced and fun to play in both pvp and pve. The only drawback of this game is the lack of a propper single player campaign (which is justified by both the game's lore and the fact it was initially a pvp game), so all the pve is done through series of standalone maps.If you like classic and challenging turn based strategies that dont put you on rails and let you find your own way of being cool, you should give this one a try."
76561198049637696,Recommended,319050,35471777,Posted: 4 October,all,FriendlyPsicopath,"Chaos Reborn is a gem of gameplay if you like turn based games. It oozes geniality of a master of turn based games(the creator of the first x-com enemy unknown if behind this), and the ideas are simple yet allow for impressive depth and tactics.It is not perfect by any means, but is a beauty if you want to scratch that itch for a simple yet complex game,I recommend this game if you are looking for a turn based game that can consume you, don't be afraid of the RNG and embrace it since the game is named chaos for a reason, but if you dislike the random gods, there's a mode for you that removes that!"
,Recommended,319050,13453423,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Neofiend15,simple yet an awsome game to play.
76561198014972978,Recommended,319050,24595568,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,George,"surprized me this game did, it's actually really good. At first i looked at it and didn't know, and yes there are people online to play too."
76561198028073010,Recommended,319050,15252959,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Earl Grey,"""They've cast 'Vampire' eh. Well, I'll just cast 'Disbelieve' on that, and...OMG, THAT THINGS REAL!?!""An excellent recreation of the ZX Spectrum game I had as a kid. It would have been worth the money for the nostalgia alone, but even without rose-tinted glasses this is still a fantastic game - graphics are great, everything runs smooth on my ancient laptop, gameplay is quick and fun. My only niggle is the audio - the music is good, but the sound effects (creatures, spells, combat, etc) are a bit muted. Oh, and you have to be prepared to pray to the RNG Gods, as they rule here for good reasons...Well worth the £11 I paid at early access, it can only get better from here. Very, very recommended."
76561198116185112,Recommended,319050,14481412,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,primallaw,"A great chess like game, with magic!"
76561198123123879,Recommended,319050,13430087,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nicholas kojku,It's awesome i've been waiting for this game since summer i played the kickstarter and the original. I really recomend this game to the tactics loving gamer and gamers that think ahead it really takes brains to play this game but at the same time you can enjoy it at any age it's amazing !
76561198025609915,Recommended,319050,24638419,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dr. Lizardo,"I'm still in the tutorial, but this is a great game! If you miss the old days of BattleChess mixed with XCom, in a well done setting of mages and creatures, look no further! Well worth the admission price."
76561198003229218,Recommended,319050,14427427,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Greep,"Hey, so I've played a lot of turn based strategies (all of the advance wars, battle for wesnoth, and many many more), and this one is fantastic.  Most of what makes it great is the incredible diversity of gameplay and the dynamic battles. I don't think ""opening theory"" even has an application to this game.  However, it is a very niche game, so I will focus on it's idiosyncracies that may or may not turn people off.1) Heavy PvP focus.  While there is going to be a limited sort of MMO style ""PvE"" from what I gather called ""Realms"", there is nothing of this sort yet, and I'm pretty sure pvp will still be the focus.  Single player is just a pvp vs a bot that will entertain you for all of 3 hours.2)Heavy luck element.  Playing against the median player, the win rate spread for chess is about 2% to 99.5% depending on the player.  For advance wars maybe 10-90%, for battle for wesnoth 15-85%.  For this game it's a whooping 25-75% win rate against randoms.  Saying there is a heavy luck element in an understatement.  This is going to change some, but not much.  Don't get me wrong, there is certainly enough skill for a ladder be stable and make sense and have ""best players"".  But you will lose to newbies.  Regularly.3)Imbalance.  This is not bad so much but things get tossed up like every few weeks as more and more stuff gets added to the game. So the game wont feel very balanced for a long time.  Such is early access ;)  Current example:  Undead can only be killed with attack spells, equipment or other undead.  Sometimes you have none of these.4) The game is built around a deck of spell cards but you currently have no influence on the deck, and will only be able to influence maybe 5-20% of the deck in the future.  This is actually a good thing for the game, as it makes the game more about your full knowledge of all the cards, but it might turn some people off."
,Recommended,319050,24573161,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,NoahWithArk,"when i sit on the pegasus and fly over the mountain, i finally realize that the game is which i want"
,Recommended,319050,19157170,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,philharmoni_que,While I totally love this game! Just wish to add more content of this game..more interesting realms is needed.
76561197964753052,Recommended,319050,15462639,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ZeroG1422,"This is an amazing game, a great mix of both tactics and luck."
76561198006579642,Recommended,319050,15513612,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LoneWolf,"Wizards lovers read this! The potential for this game is great. Already the gameplay is fun as can be, but this doesn't mean there is not room for improvement. The matchmaking right now is a little unfair because of the lack of players. For example facing level 20+ players while being a level 8 is not uncommon. But your skill can still give you the uperhand. Another neat feature is the implementation of chance. You get a percentage of success for each spell and attack. Many players think that this makes the game purely luck and no skill, but this is a very wrong notion. The probablily can be frustrating at times, but truly if you play conservatively and take risk every once in a while then you will see this game is truly not flawed. Just don't play like your a leprechaun ;)! Give this game a shot! It truly is worth it."
76561198108064376,Recommended,319050,19312137,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mordant,"-wip- Pretty solid tactical game, slightly repetitive but very deep and challenging nonetheless"
,Recommended,319050,18724704,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Swans,"This is instantly a great fun game, but also has a lot of depth to it that you start to uncover the more you play.The game is nicely presented, is slick to play with intuitive controls. It's a lot of fun to play with a friend, I play with my 8 year old son and he loves it!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,319050,18902337,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,soulassassin245,Good in bersts.7/10 would get one shot again.P.S. thanks RNG!
,Recommended,319050,34004931,Posted: 3 August,all,RDeDR,"I really like the concept of this game, and I really enjoy playing it(for the most part).+Chess and a TCG mixed together+Interesting cards/summons+AI and online battles available+Very fun to play-After one match, you've pretty much seen every card in the game. Would love more cards to be added-Campaign mode has a time limit. If you fail to beat it within that limit, you have to start over.-The RNG has to be the worst aspect of this game(you can choose to remove RNG in favor of a point-based summon system which I preferred).-AI could use some enhancement. Once they run out of cards, they either sit at the far end of the map and repeatedly disbelieve until you kill them or just make a suicide run right into your summmons without attempting to attack your character.The RNG was the worst part of this game which is why I want to make it a point to talk about it. RNG is a very useful tool and lends to uncertainty which I welcome. However, I feel that the RNG in this game is severely insane. I played 20+ matches with RNG rules. Every single match I would get destroyed by the RNG. It was so one-sided, I constantly worried I would not be able to summon a 90% card while my AI opponents were summoning 20% cards one after the other with no issue(I tried disbelieving them, they were real). I even worried that the game would somehow find a way to screw me through RNG on the few occassional 100% summons. You can use the rule set that doesn't use RNG, and once I switched to that, I found the game much more enjoyable."
76561198076459120,Recommended,319050,24383980,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Trotwood,"Wizards chess meets mtg and a tactical board game. Unique and wonderful, support these rare gems."
76561198003013246,Recommended,319050,24503336,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,VT,One of the best games I've played in a while and a must for fans of turn-based strategy.https://youtu.be/PFtbpzRyqg0
,Recommended,319050,13779489,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hapless,"UPDATE FOR 1.3/RELEASE VERSION: The official release is finally here (admittedly, I've only recently picked the game back up: I started playing post-release in v1.2 after a hiatus that began at roughly 0.3)! I love that Snapshot decided to incorporate both classic and equipped modes for ranked (and friendly) play into the release version. This exact functionality was on my wishlist when the game was initially released on Steam.The Forgemaster (and equipment in general) system is fun and appropriately complex, and I appreciate the foresight evident in the decision to allow for a second ""Forging"" at level 33.I can't say that I think much of the single-player (both local and online) elements so far, but these aspects of the game have been provided with some key improvements in 1.3: AI tweaks have been made, an offline campaign is now available, and the ability to grind out a realm while in the queue for a multiplayer match was added.Gollop and his dev team seem entirely dedicated to perfecting an already-great game, and I expect that I'll continue to be pleasantly surprised by future refinements.---UPDATE FOR 0.24: My initial take on the combat/spellcasting RNG was flawed, I think. The RNG system is part of what makes this game so fun. Skilled use of illusions/Disbelieve, proper positioning/movement, and careful consideration of combat odds will each go a long way toward becoming ""good"" at this game. Poker is a comparison that many players have drawn, and it's an apt one. Chaos Reborn is all about taking calculated risks: sometimes they'll pay off splendidly, and sometimes your hydra will die to a rat. Always have a contingency plan, if possible.The 0.24 update adds some interesting new spells, and a new staff system. I'm a big fan of the new staff system, as the deck composition + mega spell combos are quite varied - I think this makes for a more balanced game (previously I was of the opinion that the Mega Bolt staffs simply outclassed all others). The new spells are useful and fun. Teleport in particular is a brilliant addition, I think - there are many applications for the spell, and the inability to move, attack, or cast (obviously) after using it makes it about as ""fair"" as an 8-hex movement boost can be.As fun as it is to have an array of new spells at our disposal, I worry slightly that the multiplayer aspect of the game will grow too convoluted for my liking. I really appreciated the straightforward nature of the prior patch's spellset, and I think that a simplistic set of perfectly tuned and balanced spells would really draw players' focus toward the tactical nature of the game - as opposed to spending hours learning about an extremely wide-ranging spellset and arcane, fluid game mechanics. Then again, I generally lean toward a ""minimalist"" take on most things - my opinion on this matter is certainly influenced by my personal preferences. Besides, if what I'm really wanting out of this game is chess, I should just be playing chess.In short: 0.24 is a good patch. I can't wait to see what else Gollop's team has to offer us over the coming months.---ORIGINAL REVIEW: Very fun, addictive, tactical/RNG-based combat in a high fantasy setting. I'm generally enjoying this game, but the occasional string of bad rolls does cause some frustration. As I understand it, that's part of what makes Chaos, Chaos, though. This could certainly be awesome in the right context - I can see this being a blast to play with friends who are new to the game, or new to tactical combat in general. However, it'd be really nice to have a separate mode for competitive online play: if a player could have at least a small amount of influence over the cards in their ""deck"", and if the RNG elements were a bit more refined and balanced, I think this would be my dream game.Personal opinion aside, this is a lot of game for $20. The combat system is surprisingly deep (despite the seemingly narrow scope of things one can do), and I'm impressed with how polished and functional the interfaces and game world are. Haven't had any issues with bugs, or otherwise. Do yourself a favor and buy this if you enjoy tactical combat, and if you can put up with the rather extreme ""chance"" element that permeates gameplay. Just be prepared to restrain yourself every time you die to a ranged attack with a <10% chance to hit, an early eagle, or Gooey Blob. Or an opponent successfully casting 2 real dragons just as you're about to win - and proceeding to wreck you with them. Gah."
,Recommended,319050,14985199,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jekyly Butt,A really great game. I definitely reccommend it for everyone. 5 out of 5 XD
76561198032167322,Recommended,319050,18946464,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,csharm3,"What a game! If you enjoy strategy games, Chaos Reborn is one of the best I have played in a long time. I have only played a few matches, but I already highly recommend it!The mechanics, UI, ruleset, and even the art are well done. It is easy to learn after a few tutorials, but has a lot of depth."
76561198066404410,Recommended,319050,18713167,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,windwalking,Its a really great game. Fantastic quality and gameplay mechanics.
76561198065312854,Recommended,319050,16735640,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,James Harrison,"Fantasticly Fun Game!WIZARDS, SPELLCASTING, SUMMONING and MULTIPLAYER BATTLESWhat more could you want in a game!"
76561198060565396,Recommended,319050,18993990,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,fl0r1,"Its goin to detach even my favorite WC3 and i was never believing that day would come :) Whatever, its just awesome. Try it, enjoy it and hope for friendly dices. Review should change to overwhelming good soon.Greetings"
76561198007822217,Not Recommended,319050,21931996,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,cordinia,"Interesting premise, but a run of bad luck with the rng will end your game right quick.  Having a chance of spell failure is fine in other games, but when casting spells is the only way to build an army, having those spells fail two or three times when your opponent's spells are successful puts the player at an almost insurmountable disadvantage.  I've played several scenarios multiple times, only to have the enemy army outnumber me 5 to 1 simply because of the rng.  Nope."
76561197975505083,Recommended,319050,19387695,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cornmuffin,"There is a lot of randomness here.It's really fun.It's not like it's on Mario Kart level, but it's more than you're probably used to.If you can get over that, it's really fun.  Poker players will love it, decoys, %'s, etc."
76561198022500072,Recommended,319050,18780368,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,alocrius,"This is a very well put together turn-based game.  It has just the right amount of depth and customization which is lacking in similar games (Dogs of War).  So far this could be my favorite turn based game after X-Com (same author of this title).You will become highly motivated to complete challenging scenarios in single player as finishing victorious is the only way to keep the weapon/armor upgrades you discover along the way. There are lots of interesting choices for varying playstyles.  You can upgrade your defense and melee skills and charge in or boost your magic power, hang back and sling spells.  Choosing from the large pool of weapon and armor upgrades to streamline your playstyle is definitely one of the strengths of the game.Criticisms that the game is too random are fairly baseless as there are many tactical and strategic decisions revolving around spell casting order, area control and most importantly equipment loadout. You have several effective and varying ways to boost your spell casting chance and eliminate most rng.  People complaining about rng haven't learned the game mechanics well enough.This game is why I game and a no-brainer recommendation for tactical game junkies."
76561198016518545,Recommended,319050,13319232,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Fkleef,"This game is super fun, and with a lot of tactical depth.. The selection of spells and units is a bit limited right now, but i really hope more content would be added soon."
76561198033067923,Recommended,319050,18971222,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,sulaco76,"Like myself, a lot of players remember the original from 1985, along with Laser Squad and the later Lords of Chaos.This new version from Julian Gollopp is a must if you enjoyed these classic turn-based games."
,Recommended,319050,24267409,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sleepy,Easily the deepest game of Wizard Chess out there.10/10 on game mechanics and balance.
76561198107322630,Recommended,319050,18967604,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Azzo,Bought this game coz I was bored and at first I was alittle skeptical and was deciding whether I should refund it...but then thought I should do some further research by watch how others play and gave it another go....holy cow it completely changed how I look of this game now and also bought my friend a copy too and now on a losing streak against my friend and I aint even mad still loving the game!!! It just takes awhile to get your thrill up and plus this game has got one of the best communities so you wont really see any bad-mouth players on forums!
76561198007381323,Not Recommended,319050,22026423,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DairMac,"I would only recommend this game if you are happy playing a game based purely on luck/rng. As other people have said this isn't a game like chess; but it's not like poker either.I like the universe, the graphics, the spells but I'm not someone who gets enjoyment from pure rng. I hope you can enjoy the for the both of us :)Overall the game performs well.I hope this helps and feel free to give me feedback :)"
,Recommended,319050,21897590,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Limey21,Great game reborn from a zx spectrum classic from the 1980's.
76561198077374113,Not Recommended,319050,15913471,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,johnnyswatts,"I was really hoping for more from this game. It's extremely limited and really seems designed as a pvp arena, so if you're into that kind of thing, you might like this. If you were thinking ""oh, cool, a game from the dude who did XCOM"" this might not be for you. Obviously the critics love it, but I'm not sold."
76561198079121475,Recommended,319050,13800165,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pyroball the Obliterator,best game ever AND ITS NOT EVEN FINISHED YET!
76561198124687255,Recommended,319050,18947202,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,swashbuckle101,"I loved the origional Chaos game in 1985, it was, and is, genuinely one of the best strategy games ever made, wih huge re-playability. The fact that it spawned the excelent ""Lords of Chaos"" and ""Magic and Mayhem"" plus several fan made versions of Chaos for Palm Pilot to PC, is a testiment to how good the origional Chaos game is.  But how can you take a game like Chaos and re-invent it 30 years later and still keep it true to its origional greatness? We'll this game's managed it. It's Chaos, with an additonal sprinkling of magic.  A huge well done to the development team, you have me hooked, thank you for making this game!"
76561198046203524,Recommended,319050,23885069,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Masterbaiter,"Please don't trust the bad reviews. People got mad because of the RNG elements, but RNG lies in the HEART of this game. Like Poker or Dice or a thousand other (board-) games.That's like buying Hawaii Pizza and returning it screaming ""I friggin hate pineapples on my Pizza!!!""Furthermore they just added LAW mode, where luck only plays a very very little role and it adds a whole new rhythm and playstyle.It is a board game somehow, and a great one at it.Pros:- Easy to learn, hard to master- laid back and perfect for an after-work evening- trippy acidy graphics- (mostly) short rounds- the idea of players creating (singleplayer or co-op realms where actual players can come in to control the enemy AI) is sugar.- beautiful soundtrack- they REALLY try to make it for the playersCons:- not enough players because some folks didn't get the idea of the game.Buy it! What are you waiting for? BUY IT! NOW! It's on SALE dammit why do you even hesitate?"
76561198083309736,Recommended,319050,15248733,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Maximum Effort,It's a very enjoyable game. Nothing else to say. If you like turn based strategy games you will probably like it.
,Recommended,319050,15241542,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,barlie7,"if you are even thinking about getting this game, just get it 10/10"
,Recommended,319050,20463977,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,fragleswamp,"Chaos Reborn has been a pleasant surprize. I picked it up thinking that it might be ok. I was mostly curious. It turns out it is actually a really good game if you like turn-based strategy with some RNG, like you would get by playing certain miniatures type games.My advice for a new player would be to hope for the best but be prepared for the worst when summoning, moving, etc. So if the giant you summoned kills the paladin then great, but consider what your next move is if that doesn't happen.I would also strongly recommend jumping into the online realms. I started with the campaign and then discovered the online realms later and have not gone back to the single player campaign yet. Jump into the online realms and request allies and volunteer as an ally. It's a lot of fun.Also, when you complete a realm you keep the gear acquired and can equip it for the next realm. So as you play you upgrade. If you quit the realm you don't keep anything. The gear breaks down to armor, staves, and talismans that fit into configurations in your armor and staves and add abilities or change them. Your armor has stats for defense and offense as well as other things and your staff determines your special attack.The online realms are rated and even in part created by players. They have to be approved by moderators though and so far I've been enjoying them. They are so far well done. They have story and very light ""choose your own adventure"" moments, for example, where you encounter travellers and have to decide what to do.It is a modern version of chess with story... and of course RNG. This is my review after 58 hours in game."
76561198034767140,Recommended,319050,14762617,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[CLASSIFIED],"Do you like card games? ""Yes!""Do you like turn based games? ""Yes!""Do you like games with hexagonal spaces to move your characters onto? ""Yes..?""Then this is the game for you!Experience amazing features, such as:A wizard riding an elephant!Illusions!Messing with people!Cards!Magic!Chaos!But wait, there's more!There's spiders, goo, trees, madness, elephants, demonic creatures, dragons, hyDRAS, MOUNTS, FLYINGTHINGS AND SO MUCH MORE!JUST SHUT UP AND KUP IT TERAZ!"
,Not Recommended,319050,18728804,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel,"RNG removes the fun. Mostly online, no real single player. Online is riddled with purchaseable items, removing fairness in matches"
,Recommended,319050,23955580,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ataraxist,"Its actually a complex game if you set the battles to Chaos Mode, but the overworld you fight over is kind of useless. Buying items for your wizard persists through battles but they dont seem to impact the game all that much. Also, Undead units are some OP♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198009738960,Recommended,319050,19507721,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Toadally Awesome,"Entered online game: 1v1v1I started the game by running behind a mountain while the two other wizards kept unleashing bolts of blue magic at each other.Managed to summon 3 rats.By the time I have 3 rats and 2 goblins, one wizard is riding a manticore and erecting bloody fountains while the other one is surrounded by 4 paladins.My two enemies have their armies collide.I send one of my rats to rush the wizard behind the paladins, instagibs him and all his guys die.The other guy turns to me with a staff bigger than my entire character and starts bringing up vines all over the place.I make a vampire to fly over to him.Suddenly he does a fancy gob with his staff and all his vines turn to giant blobs of ooze that trap me and all my creatures.Immobilized I press a button at the bottom right of my screen and create a forest of 10 bloodhungry trees that ♥♥♥♥♥slap the hell out of anything that comes near.Enemy manifests a sword of power and slays my vampire in one slash.One of my trees slaps him behind his back and he dies.I won.6/5  would clownfiesta again.Authentic wizard poker experience."
,Not Recommended,319050,19515066,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,tgsid2001,"I've played this game for nearly 4 hours and I have yet to accomplish anything besides finishing the tutorial.Being a fan of XCom and turn-based, tactical rpgs, I really wanted to like this game.ESPECIALLY in light of all the interesting mechanics the game brings to the turn-based, tactical RPG genre. I'll highlight one of them now:There's an illusion mechanic that allows you to cast any card instantly with a 100% success rate, allowing a caster to effectively ""bluff"" the other castser. Along with illusions, there is another related mechanic called disbelief. Wizards can cast disbelief with a 100% successrate on any creature on the board with the following caveat: If they target an illusion, then they get the chance to cast an additional spell that turn. If the caster guesses wrong, then they've wasted their casting action for the round.Sounds great, right? Except the computer seems to know exactly when and which units are illusions. WTF?And why am I wasting time playing the computer? Well, because it doesn't seem like anyone else is actually playing this game (low population) and because I'd rather not jump into PvP until I've done some preparing.So, despite the fact that the game seems to be mainly pvp, I'm playing in the only 2 lobby-based zones for grinding gold to purchase power ups. Sounds like a fun way to get familiar with the game.Well, it would have been if I didn't just spend most of my time watching my wizard do nothing.""Nothing?"" you say. ""How can that be possible?""Well I'll tell you.First, most spells have an extremely low casting success rate. Presumably, this was the mechanism the designers use to moderate which cards you can play- cheapy, weak cards early as you build up ""shift"" and slowly build up the cast percentages of the higher level cards. Too bad that cards with an 80% or better success rate still seem to fail WAY too much.Second, once you have a card in play, it becomes a board piece with different stats and qualities. Turns out, the highest attack rate percentage I've seen so far is around 60%. That means rounds go by with both sides just wiffing hard air at one another.Presumably this gets better as you grind out equipment, but I'm already 4 hours in and I haven't saved any gold... since I have to spend it on garbage like merceneries, traveling expenses and tavern-information in order to play through the PVE zones.So far I'm really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,319050,20382985,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Spider3,"This game got a great concept and interesting mechanics, nice gfx and music. If you are getting it for MP i suppose it's ok. As for SP, i had to ragequit this game due to bugs. During Smoke and Mirrors missions, when close to the end a bug kicked in in the battle and I wasn't unable to end turn, and all UI was looking odd.Ok fine, could happens. I started again and played again few hours. Once again, close to the end, I died and choosed to respawn. I found myself in a city close to the beginning and NO CITY teleport at all (it was there before I died) no chance to go back again where I was to finish the mission. Sorry but this prooved enough my nerves, I had to dismiss the game at this point. Anyway the bad vote is only because of those bugs, that really ruined the good gaming experience I had so far."
76561198021415970,Recommended,319050,27258425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dylanellingham,I loved this game for the Speccy.. Brilliant and fuuny to play online..
,Not Recommended,319050,18761832,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[TBAC] Sh4d0w [NL] 🏃,This game is death..no players..at moment dont buy it ..
76561197974088172,Recommended,319050,24756204,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,father nurgle,"The bluffing mechanic makes this game great.  You choose whether to summon creatures for real, or as illusions.  Illusions are free, but an opponent can dispel them instantly without wasting a turn.  However, trying to dispel a creature that turns out to be real does waste a turn.  This makes for some great psychological battles against human opponents.  Bluffing an AI player feels a bit odd though.  Thankfully there is a duel mode that makes finding an opponent very easy and players seem to be quite friendly and helpful.The game has two modes for battles: Law and Chaos.  Chaos mode is all about probabilities, but Law mode makes each action worthwhile by allowing you to build up mana and whittle down enemy health.  I tried Chaos first, but the statistical possibility of winning or losing entirely due to the RNG made it seem a bit pointless, so now I stick with Law which is reliably enjoyable.The art in the game is very nice and so is the sound.  The tutorial does a good job of teaching you the basics.  The campaign is alright, but battles really are the best part of the game, whether against a player or against the AI.  They don't take too long either, so short play sessions are possible.  A few more creature types would have been good, but there is still a reasonable variety.  Good fun."
,Not Recommended,319050,17197321,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,HuffingtonPants,"It's okay, good fun really, but you only get one release date whether it's early access or not. This game has no player base, so unless you want to play against the AI and only the AI, give it a miss."
,Not Recommended,319050,25349760,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,soterios,"I've spent about 12 hrs playing this game, and to be honest it's not likely that I'll continue playing it.  I will say that it is very pretty to look at, which makes it all the sadder that the programming driving the game play is so haphazard.  I've got a tactically minded friend who takes great umbrage with the imbalances in this game, and the arbitrary difficulty levels that result.  (I suppose one can say it is aptly named, Chaos).  My two main complaints however, have to do with the quality of the programming (buggy), and the ease of use with the menu system (needlessly complex and obscure).In a friend assisted combat we watched the program repeatedly misrepresent death blows on AI adversaries (saying there was one, then the agent survives the attack), and I've also watched the game assign damage to one agent when another was targeted.  And finally, the tutorial teaches that being mounted assigns damage to the mount first, but in combat I have had my wizard slain while my elephant stood there not absorbing damage for him.Bad menus - while I feel that the multiplayer interface leaves something to be desired, it is mostly navigable.  The combat interface is another matter.  It does help matters that you can swivel the board as needed to see who is where, but when mounted, it is very confusing how to go about selecting a mount or a wizard to do an attack with.  I have frequently dismounted my wizard when that was not my intention due to vague command buttons.  I am interested in the entertainment value of tactical magical combat, not in the entertainment value of learning an arcane interface.Finally, I'll just put it out there, the AI cheats.  At a minimum, don't waste your time with illusions against an AI, it knows.  I don't mean it's a sharp combatant AI, I mean it's cheating."
76561198021779523,Not Recommended,319050,18709477,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Alakhai,"Absolutely boring game, its all about luck, whole game is about RNG, everyone including your hero have 1hp, one hit and over. Its the same with the spells, only about luck, you cast a noob foot soldier with 90% chance to cast, you fail, end turn. Enemy cast dragon with 20% succes rate, game over. Thats all."
,Not Recommended,319050,23407256,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gandolan,"Chaos Reborn is an awesome round-based strategic card game with magic creatures summoned by wizards.You fight yourself through many enemy wizards to stop a powerful mage who is preparing a spell to banish you out of this world. On your way you will sometimes encounter story parts where you have to choose your decision, ending in different effects. Also you can find and buy new equipment for your wizard or recruit creatures to help you on your journey. It's a war against time, if you are not fast enough, you will get booted out!While fighting you use random cards you can summon in two ways:Real - There will be a success rate for your summoning. The normal way to bring a creature to life.Illusion - To trick your enemy you can summon your creature with a 100% success rate as an illusion. This will look for the enemy wizard like every other creature on the battlefield. But if your enemy doesn't trust your recent summoning, he is able to cast ""Disbelieve"", if he cast it on your illusion it will vanish instantly. If he is wrong and your creature was real, he will not be able to cast another spell this turn, if he is right, he can cast ""Disbelieve"" again. Your illusions can fight like every normal creature on the map.There are 3 types of monsters: Law, Neutral and Chaos. Every monster has his own special abilites like flying, paralyze and more. While casting law or chaos summonings you will push the battlefield percentage a little bit more in this direction, causing summonings to have a higher success rate while its side is in favour / lower success rate while the world is in its disadvantage.The bottom line is that you have a lot of strategic options while fighting: Illusions, abilities and more, making the game a solid strategy and fantasy game. You can also join up with your friends, playing in multiplayer / co-op mode.But the point why I can't recommend this game is the extreme focus on luck via impacting success rates (not only summonings - there are also rates on attacks, giving luck a very important role), destroying every strategy part. You will very often fail (even with 90%) only because of these success rates and not be able to summon anything will determine your fate in many situations. This is turning this game in a very luck based game, leaving strategy behind. Yeah, it's right. Luck is part of life, but it never should take over, it will just kill the gameplay and fun."
,Recommended,319050,17978112,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Plær1,Absolutely a must have!Pros:-Local multiplayer-engaging systemCons:-I wish there was a little customization for the local multiplayer-I wish the wizards had more than 1 hp-Majick bolt is new meta of all time
,Recommended,319050,19796448,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ifithadn'tbeenforCottonEyeJoe,A fantastic strategy game that will both engage and enrage you.
76561198039554517,Not Recommended,319050,21988715,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,garlic_revenge,"Three attempts at playing this RNG fest, everything is luck - from the cards in your hand, the chance of actually getting that spell off, and as each unit has 1HP per unit... thats right 1 lucky role can destroy your DRAGON (if you can summon the damned thing - and dont get me started with the 'illusion' mechanic) with a RAT, A RAT!!!, in a single turn - its hyper frustrating and this just makes it no fun when you know that have not done a single thing wrong and you lose so badly even your mother cant recognise you.  I've just had too mayn turns when I've done 4 things (each at a 75% chance each *sigh*) and not one of those things works - to have a rat or elf luckily destroy your wizrd when the chances are absurd.I loved the original lords of chaos and spent countless hours on that and hoped this would bring back memories of that, but unfortunately nothing from the original has been preserved here its just an unenjoyable luck fest."
,Recommended,319050,18191817,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,cacarrof,"I have to say that I'm not a fan of this kind of game, but this looks really interesting and I want to try. First page of game is so simple like I paid for nothing lolTutorial part for new player is very bad. There have a tip boxes on a first few minutes when you start a game but the letters are so small and the messages are so unclear.  I have to spend time on reading everything in a guide menu quite long to understand everything.The other things are good. Hope to see new good updating in the future :)"
76561198061840030,Recommended,319050,13416554,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Chilkid,just try it bro
,Recommended,319050,20203182,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,I AM very very very very NOOB!!!,"Chaos Reborn!A fantastic Graphic when the first time saw the gamewell, those who have played X-com, should know better, since this game is the same developmentno need more explain, since the core system is the same, just different method and story, but the same battle system.Now, those who don't, Let me explain.A Battle between Wizard.A turn base system.Can summon monster, attack with probability, as usual, the more power monster, the more probability to hit other monster, and so on......bu i don't explain how this game work, since this is a typical system, since most everyone know how to work, probable you know more than me :PBUT I can explain this game is a perfect for U:for those who want a battle turn base, but also relax, this game is for u. And also for those who like to fight with luck on the line. A very simple turn base, and yet relax, no need concreate too hard, just use ur energy 50% to think, and 50% leave it fate :P"
,Recommended,319050,18230139,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ocean pollen,"This game is tons of fun in its instant-game offline mode, and it has an interesting online model, with matchmaking, asynchronous matchmaking, and pay-players-to-help-you-kill-npcs campaigns with recruitable cities, wandering enemies, and so on.Yes, it has RNG and no hitpoints.  No hitpoints means that when an enemy has two real hydras on the field, as in my last game, you can't possibly 'whittle them down' as you would in a more typical game.  Nothing I could spawn had even a 10% chance of hitting them, so they were terrifying.  I only won the last game by slowing the hydras down while I chased after the enemy wizard himself.  I killed him with a goblin - the cheapest chaos unit.RNG means that you want to play many games, and invest your emotions in a series of games, rather than just one game.  RNG can screw you in one game.  In a series of games, player skill rises above.  Apparently people don't play poker anymore so I'm obliged to say this obvious stuff.It's in early access, and has some obvious faults still (why is 'male/female' a dropdown menu instead of a toggle?), but the offline and campaign modes are enjoyable enough to make it worth it for me.  However, and this is why I'm making a review with this few hours in the game: I must warn you that the multiplayer game is dead.  Do not bother waiting for matchmaking, or for a player to invite you into their campaign, or for a player to help you in a campaign.  Until the multiplayer kicks off - check steamcharts - you're best off making friends with other players who have the game, and hitting them up directly for multiplayer.This runs great and is pretty on good hardware; on cheap hardware, I'm talking ""I usually only play VNs on this machine"" hardware, the particle effects in the menu slow things down a bit, but once in game it's comfortable and playable.EDIT: another way to play!  multiplayer, new game, check everything, select 'asynchronous' game mode.  You'll instantly create an asynchronous game that will find or attract an opponent, and can play it over time."
,Recommended,319050,24538649,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Alexander,fun to play
76561197977879276,Recommended,319050,21069912,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lobotomizedgoat,wizard chess/10
76561198054266306,Recommended,319050,29995369,Posted: 17 February,all,gilbertboy2,"(I'm giving this game a thumbs up because I want to play it more to see what comes of it, but the long term doesnt look good for this game)  (I wrote this review after playing for 5 hours.)So, I'm not sure how I feel about this game.The game starts you off and runs you through a series of tutorials which introduce more and more dynamics to the game that seem to make play more interesting.  Then it sets you loose.  My first endeavor was to try online duels.  It pitted me against bots at first due to low online players.  It went well, but i began to notice things that I liked and disliked about the game.  I like lists so I'm going to do just that:I LIKED:- Competetive league play options with ranks and rewards.- Customizable equipment that allow you to tinker with your playstyle- In-game currency, no micro transactions, booster pack purchase system (armor, staves, and talismans)- In-depth, dynamic field-of-play combat system where the cards played affect costs and strengths of other cards for both players.I DONT LIKE:- Randomized deck generation. I can gear my equipment towards one type of card all I want, but theres the potential that I get less of those types of cards during one game than another.  Each game you play gives you different cards to play with so you can attempt to build a strategy, but unless its a vague generic strategy or several ""in-case"" strategies you have on reserve, you just can't depend on it. I could see this being a problem for high stakes Ranked League matches...  Luck of the draw...- Progression system for wizards doesnt seem very fulfilling.  The ability to customize your gear early on gives you pretty much just as much customization as a wizard at any other level.  The only difference is that they have had the opportunity to purchase MANY more randomized talismans than you and have had more experience with all the cards.  Besides that, I could easily see a 1st level starter wizard giving a ""maxed"" out wizard a run for their money, and I struggle with that.- Randomized booster pack purchases ONLY.  I like that you have the option to purchase booster packs, but ONLY random packs??  SO if I just have terrible luck for weeks and someone else happens to get exactly what they want... it sucks to suck?A part of me wants to buckle down and try to dig into this game to see how tactical I can get and really refine my playstyle, but then another part of me knows that no matter how much I try to get my game down solid, I could get ruined by a random generator when it matters most...  Ugh."
,Recommended,319050,13658618,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,{=[Ender_Lord12]=},"This game is a excellant blend between Strategy and Card Game... This game has Allot of Replayability as each game thus far is random. There are many things that can happen in the game that is solely up to chance. Such is living from being attacked by 3 sapphire dragons, or killing a enemy wizard with a goblin."
76561198003414986,Recommended,319050,18707179,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Putin,More Than a Game. Meisterstuck!!!
76561198057505652,Not Recommended,319050,21863116,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,simendem,"God this game is frustrating. I've tried the second castle like 6 times and can't beat it. My diamond dragon (strongest unit in game) got outmatched by a single pack rat (literally the weakest unit in the game), my spells always fail even at 70%, the computer uses disillusion not on my 20% diamond dragon that I got lucky with, but on my illusion cast 80% archer. Then the computer will cast a real hydra and a real diamond dragon (two strongest units at <30% success each) in a row... I was hoping for a good strategy game, but you could have the worst strategy in the world and beat this game."
76561198064420015,Recommended,319050,20039743,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TreeLickingUnicorn,Wonderful game with great combat 8/10 will play again.
,Recommended,319050,13377004,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Goodnight,10/10 would magic bolt again.
,Recommended,319050,24595804,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jon873,"-I entered a dungeon full of spiders and was given the choice to attack them or recruit them-Tutorial guide says don't do anything against them-Being the kind gentleman I am, I prepare to sweep the floor with spider blood-Three turns later, I am cornered and soon webbed as the spiders begin to mercilessly beat me up-I revive in the beginning and resolve to beat the spiders the next time-Goes back to the same dungeon-Still the same result only this time, it was four turns.-Makes the same resolution-Finds out I lack gold to travel back to the dungeon-I'm just waiting 200 days for the game to finally end10/10 ""It is wrong to attack spiders"" simulator 2016"
76561198039871543,Recommended,319050,18738871,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Theos,I love this game for its little moments like when you are lucky enough to cast a real hydra with only 20% chance of being successful on the first turn only for it to be killed by an eagle with a 2% chance of killing it. RNG was not with me that day.
76561197973265020,Recommended,319050,20482261,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Razordreamz,"The battles are fun and there are some very good spells and creatures, but unfortunately the RNG aspect is a bit of a let down. You can easily get 3 rats, and it's much harder to get 1 hydra, but 1 rat can get lucky and kill your hydra, and it happens quite regulary.It's a fun game but needs a more balance passes, as currently there is no skill involved you may as well roll a dice to decide if you win.Everyting from your cards to the enemy is RNG.In the quest mode there is a time limit. I personally hate things with an arbitrary limit, which is why I mention it. Some might like it, but I do not."
76561198042400516,Recommended,319050,19872697,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tealtonic,It's so RNG that it's not RNG.
76561197983876877,Recommended,319050,16231016,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dragonfly,Greatly enjoy the game
76561198033924046,Recommended,319050,16375372,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BLACKSasquatch,
,Recommended,319050,16967369,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sifu,Wut was life before this game.
76561198137255465,Recommended,319050,24616549,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Nerdmagedan,Well made and deffinatly a good buy if you can get it on sale
,Not Recommended,319050,16567514,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wulf,"Some good ideas, but so far a bad execution. Might try it again when a full single player experience is added."
76561198042102876,Not Recommended,319050,18243831,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Whiskeyjoel,"This game has a lot of potential. All the elements for a great strategy RPG are there, but somehow, they just don't all fit together very well...Everything feels really unbalanced. The alignment system is interesting, but feels rather clunky. The special staff spells seem laughably underpowered.  And worst of all for an S-RPG, dumb luck, rather than skill or strategy, seem to dominate game play. If you're thinking of purchasing this game, well, I'm not saying not to, but I would definitely wait until it's out of EA, and then spring for it if you're still interested. Let the devs iron out all the kinks"
76561198006621211,Recommended,319050,18904020,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,"I, Corgi",Sapphire dragon attacked rat but did not succeed.
,Not Recommended,319050,21676453,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","It's a great concept for a game; but if you're buying for multiplayer, I can't recommend with the current peak player count of the game."
76561198054506788,Not Recommended,319050,19928937,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Devin,"This game has a nice concept, but it is so heavily luck based you may as well entertain yourself by throwing dice.Yes, there is strategy in this game, but even the best laid plans all fall apart at the whim of RNG.When you fail, you'll often feel like there was nothing you could have done better. It's purely frustrating."
76561198147957946,Not Recommended,319050,20482418,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,buildsuccess,"Too much random, not enough skill.  You're playing along and you think things are going well, but then a series of rolls where you had a 85% chance fail, and you're done.  Doesn't matter what your strategy was when that happens.  Kind of a glorified version of the card game 'war'.  The idea of being able to cast an illusion is cute and all, but at the end of the day there's just not enough disincentive for casting it.  Not to mention the single player 'quests' are pretty miserable.  It just feels like there were some good ideas but no follow through.  For example, the chaos / law thing.  There's just not enough to it... it's like, you pick, ok I'm going to be Law.  Then you'd think... I don't know... your hand would change? You'd draw more law cards... or maybe the law cards would be better for you?  Or having the scale more towards law would be better for you?  Meh, not really, it's mostly just random number generation."
76561198132161870,Recommended,319050,17866976,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Iepuras,Best turn strategy game i found so far!But you must have a lot of luck :D
76561197962336650,Recommended,319050,19262421,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ramito,Chido aca.
,Recommended,319050,20614857,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Marcymaru,"Fantastic, do yourself a favor and buy it."
76561198049310557,Recommended,319050,25827228,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mjölnir,This game is quite fun. Check it out if you like the Xcom series.
76561197969467785,Recommended,319050,13312869,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,@KeiJiN,Totally yes.
76561198030866607,Recommended,319050,17952478,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,xabulba,"Long way to go and some derious blance issues but still a very fun and chalanging game,"
76561198166234469,Recommended,319050,21187221,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DesSanctYew,"It's a neat game with a good concept and almost a bare minimum amount of variety with a heavy amount of RNG. I don't feel like much RNG management skill is required or involved it's a lot of #### luck basically with a very extreme RNG curve. It feels like a case of less is more could help the overall game.A steam workshop to modify game assets for the game would be really nice to have in the future. It would be good to tweak card stats to spells, creature summons, and RNG success values. It would also be nice to create custom decks and desk restriction rule sets sorta like MTG. A lot like what was used in the game tutorial challenges that kind of thing would be a great steam workshop option. I'd love to see what the community itself could brainstorm for the game with assets that are available.Something else that would be very cool is to combine a creature card and non creature card into one once per game, but would adhere to the cast success rate of the lower RNG card that would add in both additional RNG and skill though used wisely could be a game changer.I'd recommend it on sale though I can't say I would at full price personally as it feels a bit lacking. It might not say early access, but it still very much feels a bit like one to me in actual game play though what is available is plenty polished, but it's overall lacking lacking in depth and complexity from a game standpoint."
,Recommended,319050,14106208,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Christopher,"If you hate good games that are simple to learn but hard to master, this isn't the game for you.If you hate brutal games like X-COM, this isn't the game for you.If you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this isn't the game for you.Otherwise, welcome to the party! GLHF"
,Recommended,319050,17185558,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,D3ATH,Reminds me of Final Fantasy tactic.
76561198018272886,Recommended,319050,20275623,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DortyBoy,"Firstly I must say I'm a big fan of Julian's past work, I played the original chaos game back in 85, was awesome how you could play vrs 7 wizards or just watch 8 npc wizards fight and spectate, this was way ahead of it's time.  The new game is basically a rewrite of this classic with better graphics but only supports 4 wizards.I later played Lords of Chaos which was great, the invisible pixies which you could give magic weapons to was genius.I also completed Magic and Mayhem which was another classic, loved the way you had to use runes in different combos to decide which spells you had in the game; my favorite level was the one where you had to spread disease amongst the numerous pixies to win the level.These 3 previous games were brilliant, so I thought that this latest installment would also be great.Unfortunately I'm left feeling the same way I recently felt after watching the latest starwars movie, a bit bored and fed the same stuff I had already experienced before!!!Chaos reborn is not a bad game, its just a rehash with no new interesting gameplay, the gooey blobs are a bit crap compared to the original as well.Well that's the online pvp bit, the realm bit is just dull and the pay extra to unlock the 'forge' AFTER I HAVE ALREADY PURCHASED THE GAME is just rude imho.It needs pixies/invisible stuff and some sort of rune manipulation like its ancestor, or some sort of new game mechanic.Its also missing many of the units from the original, namely fauns, centaurs, bears, king cobras, zombies, griffins, spectres and the 3 dragons, red, green, golden, oh and no fire spell!!!But it does have some new units: paladins, hellhounds, elephants and a new dragon.I think some more troop types would make it better.Am on the fence right now as its a bit of a disapointment on one hand but refreshing compared to some of the dross out there on the other, might be a grower, so will give it the benefit of the doubt."
,Recommended,319050,20691915,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,cornelius0791,"fun game play, great graphics and nice soundtrack."
76561198018446558,Not Recommended,319050,26168946,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,tearsforagnes,"Possibly one of the most poorly balanced games I've ever played (singleplayer campaign).  Once you lose a battle, you can never again hire the mercenaries to fight with you, even though the AI gets all it's fighters back, putting you at a permenant (at frankly, staggering) disadvantage.   To add insult to injury, you LOSE score as you have to backtrack to return to where you were before you died?!  WTF?!  I didn't manage to beat the first realm in over 8 hours of play, and my score was almost always in the negative numbers.  This game is absurd!I loved the artwork, and the background seemed pretty cool, so it's a shame I can't get past the frustration of playing this game and probably will not ever play it again..."
,Not Recommended,319050,33779565,Posted: 24 July,all,Kyutaru,Random decks are fine.  Random casting is fine.  Random gear is fine.  Random mana gains are fine.  Random attacks are fine.Having every single conceivable thing that isn't moving be randomized... not fine.
,Recommended,319050,22000392,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DarkShiverzs,wanna game where you can question how you failed a summon with a 90% succues rate 4 times in a row to only be killed by a bird with a 25% succues chance one it 1st game then thsiis the game for you
,Recommended,319050,13656813,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheWinterPhoenix,"Chaos: Reborn is the best strategy game I have ever played, even in its Early Access!  I encourage others to get this game and support it and have fun while doing so."
,Recommended,319050,13994923,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[SturmPio] Alpachino,90% šance na dwarfa - failed ! 10/10
76561197977765948,Recommended,319050,20260671,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,antagonist,> Join first 1v1 game> Summon everything without misses> Enemy misses 6 summons in a row> Win game> Enemy salt is overflowing10/10 salt factory.
76561198052751835,Not Recommended,319050,19644416,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tenricsilverhood,"Love the gameplay, but it feels unfinished.This game needs something around it's combat system, and the ""realm"" thing ain't cutting it."
,Not Recommended,319050,19927324,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HappyRaccoon,"The single player is pretty barren. The general animations are pretty unimpactful. There's a lot of seemingly difficult dice rolling. Overall I was excited to try it, but I'll be returning my copy."
76561198025719279,Recommended,319050,26939785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Juxen,"If you were me, you'd like this game"
,Recommended,319050,18231051,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DawnrazorDCLXVI,"Do you like X-Com, and wish there was a fantasy version? This is about it. As one might think, this plays out a lot like X-Com, but with prebuilt decks, from which you summon various spells. It feel a little like being the planesmaster in Magic: the Gathering.Thus far, there is no story mode, and games are over in a mere 10-20 turns. While it is not as dynamic as X-Com, the graphics are exceptionally done, and show a fine level of 3D vivacity not apparent in many other gaming releases. In fact, I feel bad putting it in the same sentence as X-Com, despite its humble price tag, and even with the original designer of X-Com onboard. There is not enough mission variety, enemy types, cards, and the battles are far too short. Why am I ranking it up? It is still one of the damned best strategy games this generation.While it may not hold a candle to the original X-Com (in my mind!), it is a solid investment, and more invested toward casual play at its current stage. I would not hesitate to recommend it to its target audience, and even in pre-release, this release stinks of pure goodness and gameplay polish. I'd best just give a scoresheet to keep track.Pros:-Everything good that can be said about any tbs game-Reeks of polish-Good graphicsCons:-Only 20 turns-Limited decks-No deckbuilding-Lack of mission variety-Short missions-Needs more cards-Random percentage-based odds of casting spells detracts mildly from strategic inputI suppose some of this can be fixed in DLC. I still feel the new X-Com is a better investment. However, if you're looking for a short stop rather than a long investment, this is a bit more casual. As soon as the single player campaign is finished, I will be eagerly leaping back in to take my shot at it, and a re-review will be in process.At present, 8/10."
,Recommended,319050,24901635,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,REDBOSS,favorite tbs. quality. well supported.
76561198056080057,Recommended,319050,24784222,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,8261105,"I am happy that this game has Law mode, and the Equipment side as they make the shineing moments happend.I realy didnt like the gambling part of the game in Chaos mode and the card verity is not high for a card game.the Law mode give a stratigic bas tothis game and the Law/Chaos meter is a niche gimic.he games flow in a good pace and the game never felt unfair, and i think its qite easy to pick up on and i am still exporing so i dont know how hard it is to masterlast but not least is the equipents with the talisman cherrie on top with near endless ways to change how the game works.I do recommend this game and hope for more content in the future"
76561198009064418,Recommended,319050,24904115,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Scalabrine,great game
76561197996025113,Recommended,319050,24919216,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,athelasloraiel,excellent ggamne!
76561198174306985,Not Recommended,319050,22762411,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,famalex,"Chaos reborn is a fun game... if probability is on your side. Depending on your luck the first few times you play it it can be enjoyable or be so rage enducing that you want to delete the game. I have had bad experiences with this game and probability is being downright sadistic. If your luck is terrible dont play this game. I personaly don't like the game very much right now. I don't think a game should rely on luck this much. There is not a lot of skill involved. My opinion on the game may change if the game is improved.First, the positives. The spells are fun and unique, playing against other players is fun (it takes far too long to matchmake though) and when things go your way it is very satisfying.Why does everything die in one hit. Its unrealistic. (And before people post comments like ""the game is a dystopian fantasy game so of course it wont be realistic"" i mean realistic in terms of if this game was real.) How is a ""giant"" rat supposed to kill a wizard or a dragon in one bite then getting blowtorched by a dragon and surviving. Also the A.I has far better luck than the player. I dont know weather this is just a coincidence but I rarely ever win against A.I as they summon powerful units with a low sucess rate as the real things. You're usually better off fighting players as it is fairer. A HP system needs to be added in so that rediculosly unrealistic things don't happen.One of the most frustrating things is failing a cast that you put a lot of mana into to boost its chances or sucessfuly casting a magic attack 3 judgment or the other one (the fillter will probably filter it out if i say its name) and then it doesn't actualy hit any of the targets.A request to the developers if they see this review. Put in a system that makes it so that if a player fails high sucess chance spells or attacks too much in one battle, give them a tempory buff that stops them from failing these spells for one or two turns. I've only had this game two days playing for a couple of hours each time and I have had more than 10 draws so could the turn limit be longer by defalt."
76561198009478440,Not Recommended,319050,13820569,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mdqsurf,"I can live with a random set of cards, starting order and spell success/failure cast, but i think that's were the randomnes and luck shoujld end. Right now you can't control anything that's happening in the map except the movement of your creatures/wizard, everything else is luck based. I love Etherlords back in the day and i like the game concept but when a rat kills a dragon or you in 1 hit the developers have to realase that there is a flaw in the design. creatures and wizards should have HP or something similar that you can manage, i want to know if the 2 creatures that can attack me the next turn will kill me or not so i can plan ahead. Right now is to impredictable for my taste."
,Not Recommended,319050,18650191,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WiT.BluSaylor,"The game is absolutely beautiful, there's no getting past that. Unfortunately the gameplay is nowhere near as amazing. The concept of summoning creatures through a percent that sways between order and chaos is definitely a nice touch, however, the game follows the consistent fad that many games are following now through the use of cards as a means of sorting skills and abilities. The game would be amazing, if the ability to actually build a deck how you wanted was an option. However I only dove a little less than 2 hours into the game, before I realized how much I really disliked it. The battle design for the game is very upsetting. There is no consistent way to fight the creatures you summon. In Chaos Reborn every battle is decided by fate. Creatures have very little chance of actually hitting the enemy, and with no health system, any lucky hit is guaranteed to kill. While you may be capable of amassing a small army of units, they can easily be wiped out through several lucky hits by your enemies, as well as several unlucky misses on your part. I understand the game is in Early Access currently, and I believed it had the potential to be something amazing, but it just doesnt stand up to the other Turn Based Strategy games on the market. It has a cool concept, and based on community output it seems to be doing rather well for most players, but I unfortunately could not dive in. If you're looking for an absolutely beautiful game, this will meet your desires. If you're looking for a fresh outlook on TBS games, you're in the right place. If you're looking for a game with balance, you're just not there yet. Maybe it'll get better later on, but for now, it's sub-par in design to the other games you could be purchasing."
,Not Recommended,319050,18722787,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,banished_one,"Terrible, don't bother. Send 4 archers to kill enemy hero, every archer misses 5 turns in a row, lose because you didn't kill enemy in time."
76561198041956280,Not Recommended,319050,21339721,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Frequentkey,The RNG in this game was tolerable to a certain degree you could curb the chances with stratagy to soften the blow if your attack failed but the final straw for me was when i had the CPU completely surrounded by 3 dragons and they could not kill him 4 turns later he meleed all of my dragons to death and then walked over and killed me. The RNG in this game makes it to where in the end it doesnt matter what you do if you win you just got lucky.
76561198057706414,Not Recommended,319050,21998056,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Gauntman,"Wow... talk about randomness. I've played three games now and my spells fail, although I have a 90% chance of success, whereas -although I'm protected by a magic shield- I'm killed in a single attack by some stupid rat, the opponent summoned. This really needs some polishing to be called a strategic game. Can't recommend it, at least not, until this gets some balancing...Update: tried it two more times; same difference... doesn't make any sense at all. While I fumble spells at 94%, the AI succeeds at 35%... yeah, right... too bad, because it could be a cool game..."
76561197982928139,Not Recommended,319050,19544658,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Neos,"With respect ot my tastes:  too random for a strategy game and too slow for anything else.Granted I only spent time in the tutorial (about 2 hours :).  It has neat ideas and is straight forward enough, but even a good chance of casting a key spell can fail with great regularity (e.g. 1/5 of the time).The importance of casts relative to their unreliability means there can be huge swings in power that can't be cleanly buffered against.Interesting idea, but not to my taste."
,Not Recommended,319050,20026175,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JOBBIN TIL' I DIE,Why did i buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥i ♥♥♥♥ing hate dice games where you can lose no matter whatthis is a dice game where you can lose no matter what
,Not Recommended,319050,28226296,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Pxxxxck,boring... teribble matchmaking. 4 times in a row against the same opponent. I am level 1 and he is 21 and killed me very fast. single player is very boring too.
,Recommended,319050,20444652,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,murdm,
,Not Recommended,319050,34912122,Posted: 12 September,all,Paman,"Too heavily reliant on probabilities to be called a 'strategy' game. Frustating sometimes, or most of the time. You can consider that I'm downvoting only because I'm unlucky (i.e. I keep on failing my spells regardless of the success chance being above 80%)."
76561198033755040,Recommended,319050,13397933,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cik,Nice
,Recommended,319050,22787716,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Drizzle,"Great game, wish more people played."
76561197967861921,Not Recommended,319050,18727149,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DustMan,RNG: The GameUpdate 2016:RNG The Game: Healthbar Edition
,Not Recommended,319050,20054469,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brian,Unfortunately this game does not involve much skill.  Instead it revolves around random chance.  No matter how wise a strategist you may be you can loose at any time to a single spell or the weakest of creatures.  You would be better off just looking at pretty pictures on the internet while rolling dice.
76561198171279553,Not Recommended,319050,19429631,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Leafty,"Not worth it. You'll enjoy it for quite a few games, but you'll regret your purchase in about a week or two. Lack of content and absolutely no other online players to play with."
,Not Recommended,319050,19394820,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Machine Ator,"Unfortunately mediocre; not enough was done to vary the game play; the single player is boring, the core conceit gets tiring very fast due to the very small amount of spells. Disappointment."
76561197961596220,Recommended,319050,17732810,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kslicky,"If you hate fun. Don't play this.Death by Eagle.11/10.If you don't know why that's funny, uninstall life."
76561198007070665,Not Recommended,319050,21316650,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Cormellion,I felt conrent was lack lustre.
,Not Recommended,319050,24665415,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,XenGiz,"boring , just a luck game"
76561198222334696,Not Recommended,319050,19727985,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,jojo68fr,"many reviews were positive, so i read a very good game, turn based, with many spells, combat grids, and so on.for my opinion (in comparing many other turn based games (like final fantasy tactics, homm series, the first fallouts...),chaos reborn s game who is like not finished or completed, who propose many things (fights between human when you can find one, move on main map, equipement, shop, mercenary, etc...)First the game is a little like magicTG, every fight you have to kill a boss oponent on the other side of a combat grid, and protect yours, who has 1hp too, like all creatures. when they hit, the other creature is dead.One by turn, all creatures can be invoked with a % of success. so you miss twice your invocation, you start very badly, same if you miss attack...   Conclusion: luck on start is crucial, with one main character with 1 hp, and when a rat can kill a dragon in one blow with 10% of chance...you can create and choose between 3 heroes: 3 magicians chaos, neutral or evil, who does not have so much difference in gameplay(no healer, archer, just 1 magician).your deck spell is random all the time.so you can not really personalise your deck, heroe... and depend of luck every new start of fight, repetitives, and there is nothing more to play or say..."
,Recommended,319050,19519749,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Carcino,"Chaos Reborn is a fun RNG based strategy game where victory is decided by 80% luck and 20% actual strategy, with that 20% making all the difference. If players of equal experience and knowledge of the game went up against each other, it could literally go either way.A good portion of a player’s time will most likely be spent on a graphical game board which involves the player liberating a particular realm of magic from a tyrannical wizarding ruler. While these wizards are normally controlled by an AI, an invading player can allow the enemy wizard to be controlled by human player who, on his own, queued up with the opportunity to play against the invader. It should also be noted that if a player simply wishes to go up against the AI without another live player interfering, this is possible by selecting a simple menu option, although additional rewards are attained for defeating a live player.The concepts are simple enough to understand, with data on the game board being easy to both locate and identify with. While the tutorial mode is fairly thorough in teaching players the basics, there is a bit of a learning curve in regards to the game mechanics surrounding this invasion mode of gameplay. Different resources and objectives are present without an immediate explanation as to what they are or why they are important, potentially causing new players to feel overwhelmed. Although the invasion mode lacks its own official tutorial, certain realms have been designed solely with the expressed purpose of showing newer players the ropes, but knowing which realms are designed for this purpose is sometimes not entirely clear.The gameplay itself is fun and fluid, if not sometimes unpredictable. While I will not go into each gameplay mechanic I will summarize some main ones. Each turn you draw a card from a semi-randomized card pool generated by the computer for the specific match you are in currently. (Some items guarantee certain cards to appear in your deck, however there is no actual deck creator). You then use these cards either to summon creatures onto the field to do your bidding, or directly cast spells with the intention of either benefiting yourself or negatively affecting your opponent. You as a player may cast one card (spell) each turn unless otherwise specified. Each and every spell casted by either party has a percentage rate of being casted successfully. If your spells are not casted successfully (failing RNG check) your spell will fizzle, forfeiting your chance of playing a card for that turn. While certain traits can increase or decrease the probability of a spell succeeding, anything is possible involving a game of chance.Another thing to note is that there is no HP in this game. If a creature sustains damage, that creature is destroyed. If your wizard is hit by an attack from a creature or by certain spells, you lose the game. Whether or not a spell connects with a given target is based on another RNG check. Just because you succeeded in casting it doesn’t mean it will actually hit its target.Even though certain aspects of gameplay are not quite as transparent as I feel they should be, anyone who has played similar games should be able to pick up Chaos Reborn and have a decent grasp on it within a reasonable timeframe. At $20 regular price, the game is worth a purchase even if it isn't on sale if you are a fan on the genre."
76561197991567851,Not Recommended,319050,18179544,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Fixxed,"I dont usually down vote a game, since i believe reviews are really subjective, meant to be read by the many. However, this game is just not good lol.From the creator of original xcom? first fail  right there... i expected much more in terms of mechanics (dont get me started on production level..)There is no tutorial, its straight, ""offline battle, Online battle"". Its 1 ugly menu followed by a tooltip offline match, meant to be tutorial...The game is basicly, you as a wizard, summoning units on a boardgame type field, trying to kill the other wizard...  Thing is... there is a % chance to summon, so it might fail. There is a whole turn your unit must wait before attacking also...when it finally atks, believe it or not, it seems as if all units have 1 hp...So the game feels like im wasting more time summoning and moving pieces than thinking about how to atk and how to actually hit the wizard. Since my units appear randomly as cards in my hand (yea it is confusing... You have cards that represent units and they appear as you use or discard for mana, that you can do on your staff so y... ♥♥♥♥ it!)All in all, the game feels corky, unfinished and badly thought in terms of mechanics... It is as if the devs worked on everysingle unit without thinking about the game itself: how they move, the hitpoint and damage logic, the turn based system with a summon system based on chance...I tried but couldnt find the fun in this game nor the competitive elements the game was made to have..."
76561198004010238,Recommended,319050,24939632,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Xenos,"Julian Gollop is a revered name in the industry, and this game shows why. The game is designed quite well, fun and unique, but what I appreciate the most is the willingness to adapt that design to fan requests. The original, RNG-heavy ""chaos mode"" was indeed frustrating and not really my cup of tea (I still played it, and this is a testment to the quality of the game): then much fairer, much more strategic and much more enjoyable ""law mode"" was added, and Chaos went from a solid 7.5 to a resounding 9. I hope more developers will follow this example."
76561198135106606,Not Recommended,319050,18885094,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Stomach aches,"There is too much RNG to make this a good game.Pros:-Fun Realms mode-There is a gamesetting to make it so you and your opponent both get basic gear-Good art style-Easy to learn-Easy UI to navigate-Different types of cards. Not just minions, There is destructible terrain cards and spells.Cons:-When i first saw the words illusion in the tutorial i thought of secrects from hearthstone, or an invisible trap you lay down. Unfortunately it is not that cool. Every card has a set chance ot be summoned generally the better the card the lower the chance. An illusion gives the card (only if its a minion) a 100% chance of being summoned but the opponent can use a disbelieve card which never runs out and can always be used. You may only use 1 card a turn and when you use the disbelieve if it works your turn goes on. Generally id have no problem with a card like disbelieve being a card but when such large random chance is involved with the game it is a problem. more often than not you will find an opponent who spams illusions. No problem right? Wrong because if the opponent gets 1 lucky roll and summons a real minion suddenly in a game where every turn matters you lose.-I have a major problem with there P2W gamemode. You can quite literally drop 80$ for the best gear in the game. Now dont get me wrong with 60+ hours of straight grinding im sure you can get this gear. And while it woudnt be a major problem at the higher ranks, if someone in the lower ranks drops 80$ for it they get garunteed victorys (the gear is thta good).-I for the most part love RNG. It can make an otherwise abyssmal game fun. Binding of Isaac for example, imagine how boring playing the same seed every run would be. But as i said before when you can pay to increase the RNGs favor its not okay. Which this game allows you to do. The illusion and disbelieve aspect aswell as microtransactions for better gear makes this games RNG to somethign truly random and fair to all. For most games pitting a pro against a average player, There would be no competition but in this game if the average player buys gear the pro could just be screwed over by the tilted RNG.-Microtransactions are annoying to most gamers. i find them annoyign aswell. wlel to be clear i have no problem with cosmetic microtransactions if you want to make sure AK-47 (CS:GO) look cooler go ahead. i admit to have partaken in these before. I love CS:GO and have no problem payign a little money for a case or 2. But i would quit cs:go entirely if they said you know what if you want the AK-47 with a laser sight give me 5 dollars. Which is what this game does you can grind for pack money like in hearthstone which takes approx 2 hours for the best pack available. Or pay X dollars for X Amount of packs.But who knows maybe im just a filthy casual. :steamsalty::steamsalty::steamsalty::steamsalty::steamsalty::steamsalty::steamsalty:"
76561197967232347,Not Recommended,319050,22564546,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Talidos,"Liked this game at first but it seems very one dementional after you've finished the first campain you've pretty much seen all this game has to offer,needs like 4x the amount of spells and casting should be less rng based imo."
,Not Recommended,319050,18751718,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dreamweaver,"Three layers of randomness killed this game for me. Your spells are cards, so what you have available at any one time is random. The chance to cast a spell is random. Yes, you can mitigate, but that kind of detracts from the game. You want to use your powers to beat up on things, not increase percentages to actually succeed at spellcasting. The law/chaos bar is feels forced and adds nothing to the game. The illusion mechanic is senseless and feels like another tacked-on mechanism to justify the casting success randomness. Finally, of course, you have the combat randomness. Overall, I was disappointed at the way the game's mechanisms were put together.In addition, as of this writing Chaos Reborn has no single player campaign. Playing solo involves a generated instance where you grind trash to get to a big bad. There's no story involved at all. Finally, this is a loot grind. It's essentially turn-based Diablo 3, and it doesn't have anywhere near the appeal of that title.Unless you really like randomness and playing odds, instead of feeling like a powerful sorcerer, I recommend passing on this game."
76561198093264665,Not Recommended,319050,23369737,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,谢谢!,"There are two types of people: those who like the game (100h+) or those who dont (20h-)and im one of those who dont.Its an awesome idea, but i hate that the playerbase is so tiny that i have a estimated 30min queue to find a game. Singleplayer is not that attractive in my opinion, unless you are a devote of RNGesus. Apart from the already high price, there are also in game features that are blocked for normal users, unless you pay. I would like to write a positive review of this game, but the only good thing I can say is that im glad that I bought it with 50% discount."
76561198028415708,Not Recommended,319050,22058246,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Witmonger,"I am completely baffled at the plethora of positive reviews. This game is far more gambling than strategy. I am ALL for rolling the dice to hit, but every single creature and wizard essentially having 1 hit point is absurd. I guess it hit someone's niche, but it sure as hell isn't mine. There's no balance to the strategy. I don't even find much strategy at all. I'm surprised there isn't a percentage chance just to be able to move. In a word, boring."
,Not Recommended,319050,23211672,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sunniestplum675,"Wow, dont know what to say about this game. I dont mind the randomness, it looks to be quite woven into the game at a core so theres ways to make it work for you. The difficulty is somewhat weird... on my 9th or 10th attempt at the game and I cant seem to go past the 3rd battle?! Ive lost couple games on the first battle. No save option, no undo option, just lose and start again....and again and again till your score is in the negatives (never had a game where my average score was in the negative... consistently....).Bottom line is if you like getting your teeth kicked into the curb and feeling frustrated at the steeeeeep learning curve then this game is perfect for you."
76561197970680638,Not Recommended,319050,20184289,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rustwick,"Any action you try to perform is determined by luck 100% of the time so there isn’t anything remotely strategic about this game.Want to summon a creature? It’s down to luck.Want to cast a spell? It’s down to luck.Want to attack an enemy? It’s down to luck.Despite what any in-game statistics tell you, everything including your wizard seems to have 1 HP so attacks come down to who is lucky enough to make a successful attack first.If every possible play wasn’t determined by random number generation (RNG) it could potentially be an interesting game but since it’s not you only end up wasting your time and money on this dreck.Avoid at all costs."
76561198034595572,Not Recommended,319050,24062052,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,winston,"The developer should have trusted his instincts and stuck with what was working. Instead, thirsty for more sales, he drastically changed the game a year after release, catering to forum trolls and haters (whom he mistook as ""fans"") and turned the game into a messy slog with boring hit point bars. ""Giving you another way to play the game"" is not a good thing. Forum trolls and haters aren't game designers."
76561198326332214,Recommended,319050,26358750,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,bradreidy,A Fun Game.
76561198034220429,Not Recommended,319050,23217482,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Flatulater,"Despite some poor reviews, I bought the game while on sale.  In short, this just plain is not fun.  It deserves the poor reviews.  I am a long-time gamer with plenty of experience with percentile roles and random number generation.  But this really is primarily about flipping coins for results vs. playing out any sort of viable strategy.  I've tried it for a few hours now, and just found it extremely frustrating over....and over....and over.  I would highly recommend looking elsewhere for your next purchase."
,Not Recommended,319050,18704443,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,jayxan,I shouldnt have impulse bought this game. Seriously 1 hp on everything?
76561198261404140,Not Recommended,319050,22101389,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Pawarid,"The reason I wouldn't recommend this game is because every spell cast or every attack made has to go through some kind of stats roll(like in d&d games), which the percentage of success was indicated. You can waste turns(time) increasing these stats, but that doesn't guarantee a hit all the time. After several 'miss' shots, I decide to shut it off because I felt like I am going to need to waste a LOT of time with this game.. Luckily, I bought it while it's on sale... lol"
76561198023220377,Not Recommended,319050,26202617,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,wayne3866,"I was optimistic when I bought the game, hoping for a game along the lines of the Heroes Of Might and Magic.   This was the most disappointing game I have bought in a long time.   The game is very redundant, and has very little challenges or levels that makes a great stategic game.  Pass on this one no matter what the price!"
,Not Recommended,319050,18718281,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bl4ckExe \[T]/,"This is a very good game, nice monsters,spells,art,level design . But you can buy a die for fragment of this game's price and you can play with that die and get the same ""gameplay""."
76561198013345105,Not Recommended,319050,23261709,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Jubah,RNG Madness. The game makes me angry and frustrated rather than being able to enjoy a gaming experience. Multiple battles I have < 70% chance to hit their creatures but miss every time. Their creatures always seem to land their attacks. The game contains very little or meaningful strategy and mostly luck. Frustrating time trying to even get through the tutorials. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,319050,18756575,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ogresav,"It's interesting, it's pretty fun, but I can't recommend a strategic game like this where you can pay money to get gear in game. There is literally a King pack you can buy for $80.Overall, the game feels mediocre. The gameplay is fun and simple, but it doesn't seem to have more potential than what it already is. It is what it is.If you were dying for a random-number generator quick turn-based strategy game revolving around risk management where you can level up and get gear or pay $$$ for it, go for it! But honestly, how many out there want this?"
76561198304097877,Not Recommended,319050,23265202,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,daniel,"Chance quota is way too high. It doesn't matter how well you play, you can always loose instantly in some luck strike. Even if the odds are heavily stacked in your favour. Way too unfair and I'm not getting anywhere."
,Not Recommended,319050,30939734,Posted: 4 April,all,go_oh,"Graphics are fine. Complexity is good but I didn't enjoy the experience in general. The RPG elements are very small and except for keeping new equipment, there is no improvement to your character throughout the campaign. Likewise, the campaigns do not offer anything new. If you finished the first realm, you'll know what happens in the other realms. I didn't finish the single player campaign. Something I usually always do, but I just didn't enjoy playing the game. Haven't tried multiplayer."
76561198005258452,Not Recommended,319050,19099185,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,N/A,"I've been playing games for decades and had never felt the need to leave a review, even when a game was a disappointment.This game however, is so terrible that it not only exceeded my threshold for dissatisfaction, but it blew the doors off that barrier and landed me square in the middle of ""you can't be f-ing serious"".I picked this up since I was in the mood for a deck builder game.--THIS IS NOT A DECK BUILDING GAME--Do you like RNG, cause we got a warehouse of what you need right here.1.) The cards you get in your deck are random.2.) The cards you draw from your deck are random.3.) Casting your spell/summon is random success.4.) Your spell/summon having an effect is random success.5.) Your equipment vendor sells you packages that contain, you guessed it, random loot. Hurray!Micro-transactions you say? You won't find that here, we've upgraded to Macro-transactions.Want the ability to use the forge to make armor? That'll be 15$ please.How about an armor pack at the low price of 30$ (yes, that is an actual price; they seriously have micro-transactions that cost more than the game).Everyone loves repetition.Everyone loves repetition.Everyone loves repetition.Why have a variety of cards?We can just use the same ones over and over again.Well lucky you, this game has all of that ""same thing ad-nauseum"" flavor you've been craving.There are so few types of cards in this game, that you and your opponent(s) will have slightly different variations of the same hands.I would go into the completely garbage monetary and single player system; but honestly, if you're still reading this and thinking ""game sounds AWESOME!"" then I just can't help you there peaches. You're going to have to learn the hard way.In Summation:0% Strategy0% Deck Building100% RNG110% Top 10 Worst games ever made."
76561198030989381,Not Recommended,319050,20872230,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,antonysimpson,"This game is totally disappointing. Everything is complete random chance, with even the best strategies failing because the AI gets all the luck. This leads to fustration, especially after multiple games on the basis tutorial have been failed. There's no balancing on this game.The graphics and artwork are good. It would have been a great game if strategy actually played a role and that there was more balancing towards the player, rather than AI and some consistency.Don't waste your money on this game. It will only lead you to fustration because it is sheer luck whether you win a battle or not. Highly disappointing."
76561198043218182,Not Recommended,319050,21944168,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,mbpopolano24,Terrible game with no identity. The focus on randomness is frutrating at best. I am surpirsed the creator or X-COM wasted his time on this abomination. Hopefully the next project will be more coherent.
76561197987506349,Not Recommended,319050,20282469,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ares God of Mars,RNG sucks
76561198026718272,Recommended,319050,18244767,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,I like birbs,A good gameBut not worth the moneyAt least at alpha
76561197993208330,Not Recommended,319050,29533258,Posted: 27 January,all,Time Travelin' Tim,"Confusing, random and boring.  The game modes don't explain anything and the campaign is just completely unintelligible."
76561198094428545,Not Recommended,319050,22946030,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dr.Evil,fun game however no one plays multiplayer which is a big part of this game
76561197969893764,Not Recommended,319050,18745039,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gomoto,"Very good game, but I thought I bought the full game. Did not know this is only a starter pack."
,Not Recommended,319050,13955242,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,BigFriedPotato,"For whoever feeling lucky enough he can buy this.For all the rest that want a decent skill based experience this game is not for you.I would say it's about 40% skill 60% luck.So again..if you feeling lucky buy this..worth every dollar.If you aren't into lucky games or you prefer a more decent skill based experience , this is definately not for you"
,Not Recommended,319050,18714315,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Derpson,"Decided to explore menus. Quickly found out it has tons of IAPs. Good that i didn't play for more than 2 hours and can just refund it. IAPs are acceptable only in F2P games, period."
,Not Recommended,319050,25827352,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,rewtcon,"Seems very buggy, and AI cheats, which gets annoying fast. i went threw a whole deck on chaos law, with ZERO of my 40% and 60% spells casting so many of my battles end of being rats vs trees, which also fail more then the predicted 88% and 90%,"
76561197972791099,Not Recommended,319050,23185734,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Deadjack,Chaos Reborn isn't worth. It's a bad miniture game with a summoning system that let too much to RNG. The overworld is dull and mostly server to bring you from 1 encounter to the next.
76561198014163867,Not Recommended,319050,23050976,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,brett_landers,"Dice-Roll mechanics make this game pointless as a strategy because regardless of any planning or strategy, if you get a bad roll or your opponent gets a great roll its game over and nothing you could have done to avoid it."
,Not Recommended,319050,17363221,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Abyssus_j,"Really enjoyed the first 4 hours of play.However despite having positive first impressions, the more you play this game, the more you discover how broken and poorly designed the it is.Can't recommend this game to others.EditChecked ths out again hoping it was better after release. Discovered still far to many problems. Disappointed."
76561198009405286,Not Recommended,319050,30314727,Posted: 4 March,all,Guffrus,"Bought the game because I am one of so many who loved Julian Gollop's old games.Havent played the game much since near launch, personally I was massively disappointed, both in the game and in the way I was treated by company. I posted some of my concerns on the forum which were well recieved by the moderator and the game has actually been changed along the lines of my comments but my posts were deleted.What suprised me most was that a critical design flaw was able to get right through to release without being addressed or acknowledged.It is a one on one competitive game where the outcome is 100 percent decided by random chance and then there is all this elaborate grinding avatar development to show off how lucky your dice rolls are, its rediculous.The premise is that random is exciting and fun, and it would have been in a non competitive 12 player match, but when you are competing for lasting stats that matter random has no place.These mistakes at the core of the game are just shocking from the man who made xcom.I cant even begin to imagine how this happened but the seriousness cannot be over stated.A bandaid fix has been applied in the form of the law rule set which removes the random completely and hopefully for any new people trying it out this will work for you.Sadly for me the combination of incompetance and dishonourable conduct has been a deal breaker for me and I would certainly now have to be much more cautious about supporting any future releases from this developer which is really a shame because his early work really was first rate.Guffrus"
76561197967540011,Not Recommended,319050,33224987,Posted: 4 July,all,<|oRp|>Malakai Fletcher[TDC],"I like to play turn-based games like X-Com or Master of Orion.So I get this game as an advice from Steam at another game of this kind.I played several hours these kinds of games and made many experience in playing this games (I would say that I am not the best player of the world but a moderate player).To learn more about this game I played the tutorial but in the higher levels I didn't have a chance to win (if I hadn't the right cards).What kind of tutorial is that??? For me is a tutorial how to play the game (movement, attacking, special abilities and so on) and not to fight until death. That is something everyone will learn in the game.I playesd the game to see if I have a better chance there but at the first enemy I loose because of his strong casted army. :("
,Not Recommended,319050,18084956,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Alatar Xarxes,"People +this clearly have no good game sence. I thought it would be amazing. My kinda  game.But no. It's infuriating to learn and I cant stand the MASSIVE rng elements, to the point its basically not skill based.I expected more."
76561198065086146,Not Recommended,319050,13856904,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Saltine Cracker,"Wait to buy this. It's a cool, fun game but, it's VERY early in development so there isn't much to it.You can either play with others or play by yourself. Think of it more as an investment for now.Also everything is chance based."
76561198082188889,Not Recommended,319050,23181485,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Your cup of Liber-tea,"As I heard that one of the origin XCOM dev team is developing this, I watch the intro video and decide to give it a try...WORST move ever....Sure the graphic and character design is nice but the worst part is the battle system.You can put all your time and effort to a match and end up losing REGARDLESS of how well you progress in gameCause every move is basic on probability except movement,to put it simple you still have a fair chances to miss EVEN you have a 90% chances to execute an action...for example:-Wizard A(you) summon a lion - FAILED,-Wizard B(enemy) summon a lion - SUCCESSturn 2:-Wizard A(you) summon a lion - FAILED(again cause of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ probability)-Wizard B's(enemy) lion attack Wizard A(you)- SUCCESSYOU LOSE (yes everthing is pretty much one hit KO)and now I really hope I can get a refund..."
,Not Recommended,319050,16294553,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nevermore,"If your looking for a good even game, this is NOT it. NO progressable campaign, its more or less a demo. If you started playing at launch I'm sure its a blast but if you came in late expect every single multiplayer game (if you can find one) to be you a lvl 1 getting 1-shotted by a lvl 30♥♥♥♥♥♥smoker. This is an actual converstation, ""Wow your♥♥♥♥♥♥"" ""No ♥♥♥♥ing way? Couldn't be cause I'm lvl one could it you♥♥♥♥♥♥faced ♥♥♥♥? Go sodomize yourself with a razor."" ♥♥♥♥ this game, im under my 2hours and I've owned it about 2 months I want a gd refund!"
,Not Recommended,319050,13559711,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mendeleyev,"Let's get real, this game is awful. I've tried around 5 games and I was trying to really feel this game out.One problem, you die when you are hit -once-All of your spells are percent based, meaning they have a % chance of succeeding. Sure you could summon things to do stuff, but why bother? just survive until you get a magic spell and cast it on the enemy. None of it really comes together to make a coherent game.This game is NOT like Final Fantasy tactics like I was thinking when I grabbed it.I don't feel bad giving my money to a small group of gamers making a dream come true, more power to them. This game is simply not for me."
76561198073385619,Not Recommended,319050,15212468,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,alex_sobolev,"Simplified magic the gathering. Very simplified.Has some features, some are arguable.No races, single line: chaos - neutral - law.Single game game - no character developmentLuck is more important than tactics.No hit points, attack/defense determine chance to kill/survive.Game has big deck, in the beginning it _randomly_ selects a set of cards for current game.No possibility to control this set or even view after the game starts.Absense of some interface features is annoying:Interface control (sound, video, etc) is not accessible before you start the game.No in game documentation (creatures, spells lists). Only current creature descriptionGame says ""Somebody has some action available"". Click through all to find one. No ""Next creature"" button."
76561198041552741,Not Recommended,319050,18437238,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kent,"No Matter how strategy you think this game is, RNG is RNG. Also, single player was poorly implimented, and multiplayer was 1 dimensional."
76561198047003486,Not Recommended,319050,18603112,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dr Winky,"So i wanted to play the new version of one of my favourite games of all time.  Very, very let down :("
,Not Recommended,319050,24188477,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,NT,"They've added an alternative to the most novel and interestning mechanic of CR. Not only there was no point in that, but it also ruins the credibility of the developers, as now we know that they may change the core idea of the game just to appeal to the wider audience."
76561198010271177,Not Recommended,319050,25845269,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,lifeangel777,I spent 3 hours or so on the campaign and keep losing to the AI but that a big deal becuase you get a little money for losing right? WRONG!  You get nothing. Also if you lose time seems to progress so that second fight you get stuck on get reinforcements to make it even harder. I admit i likely chose bad starting gear but you CAN NEVER repick it so grind till you get lucky or UNISTALL like I am about to do!!!
,Not Recommended,319050,30898739,Posted: 2 April,all,Napoleon Bonerparty,Enemy minions stood around after wizard died and blocked mine. 10/10
,Not Recommended,319050,33595448,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. Kheese™,Eh.
76561198016637998,Not Recommended,319050,13303183,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,diemperdidi,Nah... not that great.
,Recommended,319050,17014439,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,pew472,fun times!
,Recommended,319050,18724769,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Niv-SeiZa,"Quick, clever and risky game. Probably one of the most refreshing games in turn-based strategy.Games are about 20-30 rounds long. You're a wizard with a card and deck mechanic where you can summon creature, or cast powerful spells to hopefully kill all of your opponents. Tricks and dirty plays are totally allowed! Risky moves are always rewarded!Solid Rating: 9/10.The game requires that you make smart moves and risky decisions that will lead you to the killing blow of your foe.Cool things: no need to 'build' a deck. Your wizard's equipments will define your card pool to play for each battle.A few things I have issues with so far:- 'Burning' your hand to get the mega-spell could be abused to the point of only having that spell...- Not being able to track your opponent's mana % to his mega-spell (although relatively unecessary)- Map editor? :P- Could use a 'longer' or custom games."
76561198065548136,Recommended,319050,16639378,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,thegrimreefer333,great game just wish more people played!
,Recommended,319050,13719330,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sunaipaa,still early access but damn this game rocks.my only complaint is too much RNG9/10
,Recommended,319050,14072589,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Darkfyre,"I enjoy this game because there are no games that have you as a mage, and can combat other friends in this game"
76561198046707742,Recommended,319050,16969090,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ArcadianBR,"Finally won my first match.... very good (and hard) game, but needs serious graphical updates.The battles are quick and deadly - excellent for lunch breaks!"
76561198031794528,Recommended,319050,16969212,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Theholyevil,"It will be intresting to see where this goes. But for people who had no idea what chaos reborn is and are jumping right into in, not unlike myself, I suggest you take another quick look.Chaos reborn is a game I could only compare to chess on the surface but with alot more depth. There is no grand landscape or fortress to build, just random cards you can use to your advantage. At most, you will only get about 20 - 30 minutes per match if the other players do thier stuff right.The AI provides a decent challenge, but players make mistakes, and that is where part of the fun in this game is.If you are looking for a Civ 5 game or Magic the Gathering.... the back button is to the top right. If you are looking for a way to play the odds in your favor against other players, have a go at it. It wasn't quite my cup of tea, but it might be yours."
,Recommended,319050,13854308,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,erection,"Good game, buy it"
,Recommended,319050,13337731,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BronzePanic,"Pretty damn cool, some games last a while and its all strategy, some games last 45 seconds and an RNG eagle murders you on turn 3"
,Recommended,319050,13337869,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CC | Zeffie,Excellent re-imaging of a style of game that is lacking from the current market. Proud to put my name behind the products early development and hope it succeeds.
76561198043633558,Recommended,319050,13340308,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zeubs,"Great game, no two games are the same and each plays differently.Deep mechanics for an early release.9/10 great community, some games vary from a friendly glhf, to a war completely surrounded by tanglevines and shouting FOR THE VINELAND!Anyway great fun; playing with friends is a whole bunch of trash talk and being a deceitful♥♥♥♥♥Whats great is that hardly anything of the game is implimented, but the core game is way too much fun than it should be.More to come for this title!!!Recommended for people who like strategy and chaos percentages."
76561198008095154,Recommended,319050,13340716,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cec7844,"Just got the game tonight and played 5 hours. Fun and easy to learn. The random element is exciting when the dice roll your way. We'll have to see how tournaments go. Anyway, it's multiplayer only at the time of this review. Super fun for the price. You need to buy it and jump in to some games. We're all excited about where the game could go and it will only proceed faster with a bigger player population. So selfish. Seriously though, you'll like it."
76561198073949236,Recommended,319050,13542267,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CosmicGoat,10/10 will play again and get addicted hunnid out of hunnid
,Recommended,319050,13627789,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ej,"Superb strategy game! Still far from being completed. As more gameplay elements and game modes are introduced, the quality of playing experience varies from build to build. Current version, for example, temporarily has only  ""RPG mode"" available, where more experienced players not only have a significant skill advantage, but also better stats, equipment and abilities. I believe the developers will reintroduce ""classic mode"" soon.Few words about the core gameplay. You control a wizard in a turn-based battle agains 1-3 opponents. 2 vs 2 mode is also available. You can move on 2d hex grid and cast spells drawn from limited semi-random deck. There are no hit-points, atk/def stats only affect the probability of succesful hit that kills instantly. While you can attack your enemies directly, most of the time you use magical creatures to fight for you, with help of some support spells and structures including ones that block enemy's movement, resurrect you or your units or give you additional spells. There are many more mechanics, such as law/order balance, mana to boost spells, using height difference, bluffing via creating illusions instead of ""real"" creatures, selecting equipment and talismans that add various buffs and extra abilities."
76561198071681232,Recommended,319050,13422515,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,✪ Ubermench,DOES ANYONE HAVE A CONNECTION ISSUE WHILE LOGING IN.
,Recommended,319050,13325935,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Koumakan,Wizards are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031999394,Recommended,319050,13326283,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Summerstorm,"This is an awesome game and works well on linux (Archlinux). This game, in it's current state is worth 20$ and will hopefully get better."
,Recommended,319050,13458549,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Screpiti,10\10 would random again.
,Recommended,319050,13396644,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,tlaughli11,"This is an incredibly fun strategy game and is easily worth $20. However, the game has many unimplemented features that will be added later. The price will not change upon release as a full game so if you feel skeptical you shoudl wait for the full rpg elemts to be implemented. The game is very luck-dependent with spell cast success as well as kill chance calculated as percentages influenced by other factors. (un)fortunately this leads to times where on the second turn an easy-to-cast eagle with a tiny kill chance can fly across a duel map and 1 shot the enemy mage. It also allows for quick comebacks from outnumbered to winning very quickly. Overall game quality is incredible for an alpha and is one of the best games available on steam early access."
76561198063295725,Recommended,319050,14103778,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rayden,"Great game,early acess i know ,Needs more units spells and wizard types ,muiltiplayer good and hotseat great grafics great ,Also needs unlimted turns.potencial of being a very good game should beable to increase rank above level 7.in future worth buying."
76561198031294374,Recommended,319050,23730169,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[ENTE]aufmKopf,"RNGsus <3I am not sure why people still complain about RNG in the game, just read the description; pls!!However, it's true that the playersbase is small, but its ""gold"". No one acting like kids or a**holes :D only that is worth the MONEY!!!"
