user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043256238,Recommended,319080,13986149,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,AncientReality,Spaghetti dropping waifu Simulator9/11
76561198031081878,Recommended,319080,15201008,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Matimus,"My four year old daughter loves this game.It is a simply platformer type game that a young child can play.  She quickly mastered the controls and managed to beat the game.After completing the game you have a free-play throughout all the areas, which she really likes - just running around and exploring again.  She enjoys changing the appearance of her fairy over and over.I highly recommend this game for a little kid who likes Disney movies.  This feels like a good starter game as well as a potential gateway into gaming."
,Recommended,319080,13975011,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zettin,Waifu Simulator 2014 very nice
,Recommended,319080,19531658,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Space Monkey,"So ummm.... this game is really good. I like that there are pink things and ummm lots of purple things too! I made my own princess at the start and I made her really pretty! She has long pink hair and a purple dress! I want to look just like her when I grow up. Ummmm... you run around and can do lots of things! Like, this one time, there was this really sad flower and it was all alone and I gave it some water and it wasn't sad anymore! This game is really good.Sometimes, I wish I could go into my computer and play with my princess. She is really pretty. We can wear pink dresses and find sad plants and make them happy! Maybe one day I will grow up and be just like her. This game is really good.I see lots of sad people and I wish I could be like my princess and make them happy. But people are not plants and I am not my princess. Maybe one day I will grow up and be pretty just like her and make the sad people happy. This game is really good."
,Recommended,319080,19315504,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"This Game is a short and cute Fairytale featuring several Disney Princesses.The Controls where in the beginning a bit odd, instead of moving with W,A,S,D you move with the arrow keys. But it doesn't take long to get used to it. In the end the controls seem fine and I didn't had any issues with it.The Gameplay itself is rather stunning for a children game, you can costumize your character and can make it look like anything you want, you can decorate your own room and even have your own garden to look after.The resolution can't be changed and stays as the native wii resolution. The Game itself is a Wii Port and not a bad one at it. The Graphics are might a bit pixely but not bad, rather cartoony and cute.I could run the game fine without any crashing problems whatsoever.The only thing I have been missing is personally some Trading Cards and Steam Achievements. I really love Ariel from the Disney Princesses and would off loved a background from her. Hopefully they will add this eventually to it.All in all this Game is nice, especially for children, the puzzles are easy for adults and fun for kids. But due to the fact that this game is only 4 hours short I can't recommend it for its full price of 20€. Grab it on sale!I can recommend this game to any child or disney fan. Old and young."
76561198244641920,Recommended,319080,32669856,Posted: 23 June,all,cunt,"This is the best game ever!!! Its so fun because there is no violence and has helpful features to make it through easier. The dialougue is real snazzy becuase it makes me feel like i am actually talking to my favorite princesses!!!! The cutscenes even include my character with voice acting too!! The magic commands are simple, they have pleasant animations like the twirl one thats my favvvv ^w^ I like how the tasks dont demand any rush and leaves you to explore all you want. Turning the poor little imps back into sprites is so uplifting and so is helping out all of my bffs throughout the story. Plus running around the locations makes me really very happy because i get to twirl around with the wand and look at all the sparkles, I could do it all day!!Another thing, the gems(currency) are super easy to pick up and theyre very pretty also. I am able to buy the cutest dresses and lots of stuffz for my room. Again the setting is impressive as it mirrors those from the movies and the castle puts everything together well, serving as a good starting point for the chapters. Everything is like a dream come true because everytime I get to a new place I never ever want to leave ittttThe visuals to me are reminiscent of renderware or similar software from a previous era which I find aesthetically pleasing. You cant die which saves time, just roam around and focus on doing favours while looking forward to going shoppingggg on the side (: This type of adventure format is simple yet affective, especially with some imagination. I personally would not want the graphics any other way, despite what other reviewers think. DPMFA is a cool videogame to play for any age because it is family-friendly.10/10"
,Recommended,319080,13843088,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JuStX2,"It's a cute game, not really meant for an avid video gamer, and certainly not upto par with modern graphics however - Compared to the Enchanted Princess which I've also played, it felt somewhat better than that. Atleast this time you don't have a health bar that goes to 0, does nothing, then just fills again, like the EP PS2 Version. Don't get me wrong - I haven't found a way to lose yet, but that might be a good thing considering the target audience is much younger than me.For the target audience the game possesses some unique features, particularly with the entire Disney Princess Series under copyright, you basically can't find these characters in other games afaik. For young girls, and prehaps some boys too, this is a game that is designed to keep them entertained not teach them world class chess strategy. I do feel rather bad that these games get a rather ""girly"" stigma. Nothing wrong with a boy enjoying playing dress-up in girl's clothes."
,Recommended,319080,30604603,Posted: 18 March,all,Danny Weatherwax,"My 3yr old still needs a little help, but she does the jump/magic and I go where she says. And she loves it! Very immersive and magical, she loves to dress her character and go to the different worlds!Honestly I don't mind playing it with her either, it is magical."
,Recommended,319080,23512974,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,romdog,My 3 year old daughter loves this game.  She has beat it twice now.
,Recommended,319080,32761292,Posted: 25 June,all,Tex Mex,i have had this ontop of my wishlist for many years and it is great to finaly be able to play this game. lets just say that the hype has not let me down.this game is fantastic and will make u nut evry time you twirl the crystals out of the bushi rate this automobile 8.6 out of 10
76561198209341245,Recommended,319080,28866203,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JOSEPH Y,i love this game idc if im a boy playing it cause its awesome. my favorite is belle
,Recommended,319080,29638289,Posted: 1 February,all,Hibou,My 6 years old girl loved this game.  It's mostly exploration with some mini-games.  You can't die so it was the perfect game to learn moving/jumping in a 3D game.  Two downsides : I had to manually map the keyboard keys to my gamepad (no native gamepad support) and I had to delete some files to be able to switch the language from english to french.
,Not Recommended,319080,28533392,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tabascofanatikerin,"First of all: Yes, ""Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure"" is obviously targeted on small (preschool) girls.You play an annoying teenage girl working in her garden as a magic apprentice when all the sudden she screws up her magic and sets free a big bunch of flying goblins which invade the kingdoms of several Disney princesses. Your job is to set everything right again. And you do that by entering these worlds and doing donkeywork for the characters there.This is basically a 3D platformer with puzzle mini games and a little bit of (magical) 3rd person shooting.You cannot lose in this game or screw it up. No matter how you try, you cannot fail here. This game makes sure that you always know what to do (and how to do it) and where to go. So for anyone older than 5, this might get boring very fast, especially with the same, veeery easy tasks over and over again you do in every of the princesses' worlds.Even if you are an adult Disney fan and keen on exploring these settings (which is probably the best part of this game), you won't see that much. Sure, it is fun to run around in Cinderella's home or castle and it's nice to be in the castle lobby of ""Beauty and the Beast"" for once, but that's about it. Aside from that you won't see or explore much well-known settings and you won't definitely see many well-known characters. You'll meet up with the princesses Belle, Cinderella, Rapunzel, Ariel and (as a small bonus level, however) Tiana but aside from them there is just a small handfull of side characters like Lumière or Ursula, hardly any others, especially no villains (except Ursula) and no princes. That was kind of disappointing. Excited about meeting the princesses at least? Too bad! All they want from you is solving these puzzles and those tasks because you are such a good friend. Oh boy...So yeah, very small gamers might like all this but I believe that even they deserve better.Your character can be designed and changed anytime in some kind of avatar maker.You can also collect and purchase things (the currency are purple jewels which you also cannot miss, they are everyhwere) like dresses, accessories, hairstyles, flowers for your garden and furniture for your bedroom. But there are hardly any stimuli for collecting other than maybe ""I wonder how my avatar looks like in THIS dress"".As I mentioned, Tiana from ""Princess and the Frog"" appears as a very short bonus level if you finished the other princesses.And there are no Steam trading cards or achievements (however, the game itself doesn't stop praising you for doing simple actions over and over).The graphics are mostly colourful but rather dated, ugly, pixelated and lifeless (which also goes for the princess characters). The music's rather dull and does not contain any of the famous songs or melodies from the films.When it comes to voices, I've only experienced the German version, but they also are mostly awkward and sometimes pretty annoying, especially the voice of the protagonist you play.Overall: Not the most terrible game I've played but not exciting, technically well-done or something you should have tried out if you are a big Disney fan. So that's why I don't really recommend it. If you want to give your kid a Disney game to play, there are better ones out there."
,Recommended,319080,15146700,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MSWindowsinside,"Only downside is that the standard, and only, resolution is native Wii resolution. Which means that no computer display actually views this game properly. Children deserve a good gaming experience too!"
,Recommended,319080,27733222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AliceFairy,Cute & Fun Game
76561198055479610,Recommended,319080,33023151,Posted: 29 June,all,sue-doane,My Granddaughter luved it!
,Recommended,319080,23099120,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Powersocke,"Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure is a Disney licensed game about a little mage apprentice and the mishap she caused while experimenting with a spell, transforming all her little sprites into imps. Your goal? Catch the imps, transform them back into sprites again and save various people's days in the process.And this covers most of the story, really.So, in the beginning of the game you get to customize your character. You can choose between various dresses, hair styles as well as hair- and skin colours. I think you can even vustomize your name but it doesn't have any relevance whatsoever - naturally, since all the characters are voiced and it's not exactly a triple-A RPG.After that follows a cutscene in which you see your little princess messing around in her magical garden, casting spells and whatnot. After a little mishap, all her sprites, her little helpers, get transformed into imps which then quickly proceed into your castle, go to the portal room, steal all the portal's crystals and venture into the worlds of five prominent Disney princesses.Throughout the story you will help all those princesses through their day with a lot of problems (most of them caused by the imps) while attempting to transform the imps back into sprites and reclaiming your magical crystals. There are five portals in total, making for ten stages (two for each portal).And story-wise, that's about it. Now, gameplay-wise it's pretty basic stuff really. You can move in all directions and you can cast magic. Magic is used to complete certain objectives, make plants grow or shooting down imps. And that's it.There are some little extras in the game as well. You can tend to your magic garden and you can decorate your bedroom if you so desire. You can find different kinds of flowers and furniture as well as dresse in chests that can be opened once you got specific magic crystals from specific stages. So in short, the game expects you to not only play through but to play through the stages again to open all the chests to decorate your bedroom and re-fill your magical garden. I didn't do it but there might be some people who will find this appealing.'course there's also music in the game and it ain't half bad. Thing is: it's the most generic video game music I've ever listened to. It is not memorable in any way, shape or form. But it's much better than pure silence.Staying with the audible things, the voice acting is kinda hilarious sometimes and the voice of your little princess is quite ♥♥♥♥♥-y if I may say so.Graphics and design wise the game is very basic. You can make out what's what but the character designs tend to be sub standard. If you take a good look at Ariel you will instantly notice how disfigured and horrific her face looks in this game. *shudders*Anyway, there are a couple of things in this game I just can't excuse so easily. Yes, I know, it's a kid's game but that doesn't mean that the female narrator of the game has to tell me tzhe same exact thing every time it becomes applicable. Everytime you engage in ""combat"" and hunt down imps, she tells you exactly what to do. Every. Single. Time. And it's like that with everything else. I feel like the game thinks I'm stupid and has to constantly remind me of the controls. I know, it's a kid's game but children are not stupid and this is just insulting.Other than that the blandness of story and gameplay combined with the short play time make for a less than commendable game overall. I mean, I didn't expect much in the first place, just sayin'.However, game's stable, no bugs or glitches, no crashes. Only thing I'm kinda worried about is the resolution the game runs on. I dunno how I made it through, honestly.Would I recommend this game? Well... I played it for a laugh. And it provided me with several laughs soooo... it's alright. Yeah why not. I'll give it a solid Loli Princess/10. Also flying trumpets."
,Not Recommended,319080,24013827,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Al,"Back when I was younger, when the original Playstation was still a thing, Disney produced a LOT of rushed video games to cash in on the hype of what some refer to today as the ""90s Animation Renaissance"". These games shared many of the same qualities and problems: Shoestring budgets, tiny production teams, and camera issues up the wazoo. They also made convenient birthday gifts among the lads and even some girls; Mind you, this was back when gaming was still an almost invariably ""guy"" thing to do. Nevertheless, every kid I knew, regardless of gender, played them, as the characters were familiar, the gameplay was usually self-explanatory, and, if you got a PC version, you had the added satisfaction of spending so much time on Dad's work computer (and subsequently getting in his way) that when your next birthday came around, your folks caved in and bought you a computer of your own.A shining example of one of these games was Aladdin in Nasira's Revenge, released toward the end of this era, in 2001. I remember sliding it into the disc tray one hot Saturday afternoon, and I remember being grounded for screaming frustrated obscenities at my monitor within earshot of my parents shortly after.The game was difficult. Apart from the camera issues I mentioned, there were also the instant deathtraps, the ridiculous distance between checkpoints, the strange projectile controls, and the worst platforming I've ever had to do in any 3D game, but you know what? I couldn't put the game down. Despite its glaring faults, I pressed on, mainly to see just how hard it could get. Along the way, I discovered some fairer parts that I willingly replayed, along with a great soundtrack. More importantly, I became accustomed to challenge, and the satisfaction of finishing a level hammered into my mind that overcoming the constant obstacles was really what made games worth playing, as long as it gave me some type of pleasure to do so, but this isn't what I'm really here to talk about.This... this, Disney Princess : My Fairytale Adventure... I don't know if this really qualifies as a game. If there is a way to fail at this, I have yet to experience it. If there is a way to not feel intensely bored as I slog through it, that, too, remains a mystery. If there is a ""challenge"", it must be hidden somewhere in the repetitive puzzles, if it exists at all.I mean, I get it. The game is targeted at little girls. Maybe I just feel sour at this younger generation for not suffering through their childhod with tough video games like everyone else did, but at the same time, I honestly feel that the target audience is getting a raw deal.The controls are terrible, and cannot be rebound. The graphics are bad. 2D objects are featured far too often, both in the foreground and in the background, in the most obtuse and noticeable way possible. Ariel's stage, specifically up on the beach, showcases this to an appalling extent. Speaking of Ariel, why are her eyes bugging out in two different directions? Did the designers never see her model in the Kingdom Hearts games? That is how you do it, and those were on Playstation 2, about a decade ago! Don't even get me started on how Ursula looks here...Of course, the biggest problem is just how boring this game is, and how many things exist purely for the sake of being a distraction. As far as I can tell, the garden and bedroom have no reason to exist, except maybe for someone's screenshots, and to stretch the game out by mere minutes in giving the player something to customize beyond the main character. Most of the levels are the same puzzles and platforming over and over again, just with variations in theme, all the while the player is receiving constant verbal reinforcement of ""You did it!"" and ""Well done!""Perhaps the most striking thing I noticed is how the player is occasionally not just told to go somewhere or do something, but to *please* go somewhere, or *please* do something. The implications of this are scary. One, is that the game is either well-aware of the fact that it's an active chore to play through. The other, is that it is just coddling the player, the chilling shadow of soccer moms that I felt myself when I was a kid. They ruined trading card games, they ruined cartoons, and now, they've video games. This, ladies and gentlemen, is Obama's America."
76561198074169975,Recommended,319080,15277253,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,PhoenixT1,"It's a cute Disney game with a lot of clothes, accessories and flowers to unlock, collecting treasures and gems. All little girls should like it."
,Recommended,319080,16667340,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BriBubbles,"overall the game is extremely cute. However i will admit this is definitely a game for little kids. It is fun though, theres a fairly good amount of variety in the games. The difficulty is very easy, making it a really casual game. The character designs aren't the prettiest, though they did a great job animating each of the princesses worlds.Pros:- if you love disney, you'll love the cuteness of this game-simple games with a bit of variety-difficulty increases each level- get to decorate your own room, take care of a garden, and explore the different worlds-customize your character with different hair, hair colors, eyes, eye color, and lips-can choose your favortite dress style and customize the colors-lots of different accessories to choose from-so absolutely adorable that I just want to hug it-Any little kid, or disney fan, would absolutely love this game.- there's different flowers to grow in the garden and you can water, weed, sing to, fertilize and just take care of them. (singing to them is a small mini game where you hit arrow keys to match them).Cons:-there's only two levels- there's four worlds, so there's only 8 levels, or ""chapters"" and then you unlock princess tiana's world, and get one more chapter.-the games all involve the same kind of goal, you use your magic to stun the imps , or you use twirl magic to get rid of webs after you defeat the imps, and then there's only a few other games (shooting bubbles at other bubbles to pop them, putting puzzles together, and then some other games)-the instructions get really repetitive and annoying after awhile, each time you have to do something/play a game. and i didn't find any way to turn them off.-after you beat the game there isnt too much to dooverall I'd give it a 7/10 , very cute, but all the instructions get a little annoying, and I got to make my own princess and see my favorite princess. I helped Rapunzel, and that made the game awesome."
,Recommended,319080,29048594,Posted: 5 January,all,Ticia,"Whether you're a bored adult, restless child, a busy parent in need of relief from your restless child, or even a nostalgic adolescent; 'Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure' is a game worth trying out. When I was around 7, there was a similar game released for Playstation 2. Of course, in growing up; I ended up selling it. So, when I found this particular one on Steam I was ecstatic. Allow me to explain why else that is. To summarise the game, before I extend upon it, 'Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure' is a 3-Dimensional story-rich game.Pros:The princesses, and all other characters involved in the progression of the game aren't flat, but they're still visibly pixellated. These animated graphics really are so very cute!  As for the storyline, the player starts out as an apprentice in a magical garden. Said player is given numerous options for clothing, room decor, and can also customize colour schemes. Plus, just about all skin tones are available, for the player to choose. Which is wonderful! Another feature that I found really helpful was the arrows showing the player where to go! As a horribly uncoordinated person; I otherwise wouldn't've been able to find my way around the maps without sobbing. I also found it useful, even at my current age, that there was a constant help button placed in the corner. Reason is as below.Cons:The dialogue enters, and disappears from, the screen quite fast. So, I kept forgetting what task I was completing. However, after getting used to it; it seems to pass at snail pace. Oh, and...it's unskippable. Sorry to burst your bubbles! Another thing to beware of is that each portal (refer to 'Storyline details' for context) has TWO chapters of tasks to complete, before its crystal can be returned. So, if you're sitting there confused as to why the game hasn't ended, then that could be a possibility. I made that mistake the first time, as there's no clear instruction that the player has to ever re-enter the portal(s) again.Storyline details:The first cut-scene entails that the previously mentioned apprentice has accidentally transformed the sprites from her garden into imps. Now, don't worry, parents! They aren't scary-looking, like the ones in the Playstation game, and it seems that they don't attack the player in this game, either. In fact, they're more prone to running away! Programmed is as programmed does, haha. The story continues, then, by overseeing the imps disappear into several magical portals; belonging to a selection of well-known Disney Princesses, and taking their protective seals with them. Or rather, ""crystals"". It is the player's job to enter them, a portal at a time, and solve all of the problems that the imps have created, by wreaking havoc on the other side. The player will have to do this through a series of puzzles, but again...Don't worry, parents! They're made to be quite simple.'Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure' allows the player to make friends with Princesses: Ariel, Belle (no longer as a bonus level), Tiana, and Rapunzel. So, if you're thinking of buying this game; I recommend that you have a previous taste of the movies that they're from, and the settings around them. Because, it'll be useful to know the relevance of some supporting characters and sacred buildings there. Especially the puzzles! -I hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,319080,24070764,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zaturaite,"The graphics in this game make GTA V look like a kindergardener's doodle on their notebook. Not even their art project. The use of the arrow keys instead of the WASD keys make for a brilliant, beautiful in-depth experience that you're not bound to forget. The first few seconds in were pure motivation, I just used the space bar to jump and received an in-game medal of honor, exquisite. The way that the story is introduced puts the Hunger Games whole storyline to shame. This game is truly magnificent, deserving a Nobel Prize, nothing less.However, you can't quickscope noobs like you can in the sequel, so I'll have to rate it a solid 4/11"
,Recommended,319080,14703571,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sofiyachan,"Actually pretty fun, and very well made."
,Recommended,319080,19356953,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hanyu💤,this game is sweet :Dbut sometimes lagg by makin MLG sounds haha
76561198175562598,Recommended,319080,14998024,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,murdermotel_,can i get my money back? great game but i already finished it and now i want to get the first one Disney Princess Enchanted Journey. i want my money back
76561197997151339,Not Recommended,319080,19207105,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,actionman_inc,great idea .... worst game ive ever sceen. The best gamers  ever would struggle with the abesent minded controls. i'd feel better if id wiped my♥♥♥♥♥with this 20$ ... makes me hate Disney ..... ♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,319080,19856971,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dustin,"My worst... nightmare...If Spyro and Ratchet & Clank had an imbred daughter, this would be it..0/10"
,Not Recommended,319080,12454626,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Pat Fenis,"Obvioulsy I bought this for my daughter. She's 4 and has grown up in a world with ipads and media on demand and wireless internet isn't a luxury but rather almost a legal right.  This game is atrocious on every aspect. Even though I bought it on a deeply discounted Steam sale, I still feel ripped off. My 4 year old immediately complained about the low quality of graphics. There is no resolution settings. At all. It's defaulot resolution will essentially just scale to your native. My native resolution is 7860x1600 (triple 30"" lcds). Reducing the resolution down to 2560x1600, the game still looks like crap. Secondary, the controls are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ arrow key and spacebar combo with M and N as action keys. There is no default recognition of the Microsoft Xbox/PC remote controller, and I was unable to reprogram it ato the game, since the game seems to override controller recognition upon start. Your kids are stuck with the keyboard and mouse. Just learn like I've learned...when you see the ""Disney"" logo, it always means ""FAMILY FOCUSED (soccer mom minivan, stepford wives, corporate ♥♥♥♥♥d out♥♥♥♥♥♥show applications and movies and themeparks."""
76561198061722076,Recommended,319080,19420034,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,"Much wow, so low",My cousine likes this game. Wiukd be nice to have HD screen resolution in the game)
,Recommended,319080,23946362,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dewey,"I wanted to buy COD, but my mom let me buy only this one. I had a great fun collecting gems, which I could spend to buy a new kickass tiara."
76561198148320859,Recommended,319080,24215166,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gilraen Nénharma,This game is short and mostly targeted to younger players but still it is super fun to play and interact with different Disney princesses. I played through the whole thing and had so much fun with the game. I certainly enjoyed this game and loved the dresses and the entire game play.10/10
,Recommended,319080,18694572,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Fognar,"This game has clunky controls and B-rate graphics, but my six-year-old is on her fifth playthrough. She loves turning the imps into sprites and helping all her favorite Disney princesses. Low budget shovelware this may be, but it sure strikes a cord with its target audience, and for that reason alone, I give it a thumbs up."
76561198022662602,Recommended,319080,27631448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AtmanActive,Worth. Every. Penny. (father-to-daughter)MicroProse shines as always.Use Padstarr to make it work with a gamepad.
,Recommended,319080,33844576,Posted: 27 July,all,PoPPinkPunkPrincess91,This game is painful to play but it was made for children I found the backgrounds and settings uninteresting and not really easy to navigate. I will give this a thumbs up because of the fact it's Disney
76561198257211391,Recommended,319080,34003121,Posted: 3 August,all,emery368,"Perfect for 5 to 7 yr old girls. You have to use the keyboard, my youngest needed help, but now plays on her own. Has played through 4 or 5 times, not the best game in the world, but so little on steam for young kids."
76561197980706670,Recommended,319080,34440518,Posted: 23 August,all,finalmoe,"Came back tired from work, Daughter high on pepsi, no idea how she reached the cabinet, but she got it, Turn steam link on. Put this game on for her,  (sure beats watching people play on youtube).  relaxing time with the wife, Child has headset on high,  Being upstairs nice and quiet, one thing leading to another ... 9 months later baby boy pops out : _)TIL Princess games creates babies Specifically boys."
