user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,319140,16853611,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cyril,"Eeehh... this is definitely one for the ""meh"" pile, and what pushes it into negative review territory especially is the short length and the fact that you can do so much better for the money.The first problem I noticed almost immediately. Fixed jump height. No. Stop. Wrong. There's no reason to make jump height fixed, especially in a game where you have to aim while jumping. Way too often I was jumping higher than I wanted to be and hitting my intended target was more trouble that it was worth.The second is that the game is very linear. You can explore around a bit, but there's always only one specific spot of the game you can go to, regardless of the fact that it starts off with four planets to visit. It gives the illusion of freedom without offering you the slightest bit.The third is the boss design. For the one boss. That you fight seven times. Sure, he gets new attacks. That suck. Aww yeah, shield attack that makes him invincible and takes 30ish seconds each time it occurs, great. Oh man, slamming attack that is hard to figure out how to dodge and can take an eternity as well (though he's at least not invincible). Oh good, spawning more enemies that fire 2-damage bullets.The fourth is the artificial difficulty. There is exactly one save spot in the game; on your ship. The only other checkpoints are entering/exiting boss rooms. On all but the first planet, there's quite a distance between your ship and any given boss room. And there's very little in the way of healing; there are hidden full heals sparsely scattered around the planets, and enemies that drop health spawn right before the boss room. What this means is that you have to go a fair distance without getting hit more than a few times.And despite that, the game's still easy as heck. I cleared it in a few hours and 100%'ed it only a little while later. Hell, I didn't even go past 5 HP until right before the final boss and didn't really struggle much for it. The ""secrets"" of the game are all hidden passageways that give no real indication that they exist, and aren't even worth hunting down unless you're going for 100% completion. I couldn't be bothered to prod around the (not even that large) game map to find them all, because what's the point? They're no fun to find, there's no sense of discovery, you just have to poke at everything until you find what you're looking for. I got bored and just looked them up after a while.I don't think this game is awful, though. It's far better than Mutant Mudds. It's decently enjoyable. But it's nothing special; the only slightly original mechanic is the multiple layers one from Mutant Mudds, and while it's done better here than there it's not that special of a mechanic; swapping between two layers has been done before in many other games, it's just visually displayed as separate layers here. Other than that you have pretty stock powerups; submarine for water travel, dashing and rocket jump, a charge shot, and a short dash that lets you phase through walls, that you only need to use about 5-6 times anyways.I wasn't impressed. I don't hate this game but I'd say pass unless you're desperate for more vaguely-metroidvania-ish gaming, For an equal or lower pricetag you can get Environmental Station Alpha, Outland, Knytt Underground, and quite a few other better metroidvania-type games."
76561197972402149,Recommended,319140,16735328,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Smoke39,"Metroid lite.  Scratches that upgrade-based progression itch, but isn't very substantial.Gamefeel is pretty nice, but there's no variable jump height and you can't move while aiming up, which are both annoying.  Difficulty felt just right to me.  Like Super Metroid, exploration is generally fairly easy, with moderate difficulty bumps for boss fights.Weapon customization feels kinda pointless to me.  Using anything other than the two DPS stats just seems like a waste.  You also have to enter the menu to toggle your super blasty gun, and to swap gun stat presets.  Why not use LB and back/select for these?Exploration is pretty simplistic.  Four small, fairly straightforward planets that you move between via a glorified level select screen.  Keeps up the pace, but really limits the trailblazer feel that makes Metroid so satisfying.Overall it's fun and well put together, but honestly kinda forgettable.  Grab it on sale and play through it in an afternoon if you're into Metroid."
,Not Recommended,319140,16093713,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dynamo Jones,"Neat gun upgrade systemShort length (~3 hours)Only 1 boss that you fight 7 flavors of that gains new more frustrating/boring moves. Special mention goes to the blue shield that renders them invincible for 30 seconds that they can use several times per fight. There is an upgrade than can break it, however.5/10 get it on sale or in a bundle and have no expectations."
,Recommended,319140,13326066,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jonny-O,"Xeodrifter is a solid metroid-esque game than is fun from start to finish, the only problem being that it's very short.Finishing the game in one sitting in little over 2 hours with 89% collectables makes it obvious that while the game itself is great, it leaves a lot to be desired.Gameplay wise the controls feel solid enough (if slightly floaty), the difficulty is fairly challenging and the unlockable abilities and weapon upgrade trees are fun and imaginative.All in all a great experience and definitely worth picking up, but even if you're a fan of metroid-like games, I would wait for the price to drop."
,Recommended,319140,33058533,Posted: 30 June,all,☠Afro Punk🐴🎮,"You want Metroid? Metroid on a budget? Well here you have it. This game will give you that throw back 8 bit Metroid adventure you crave for, provided you enjoy chibi sprite art. I enjoyed the game, took me about 8 months to complete, though the game is about 5 hours or less to sit through and play. I'm sure a speeder can complete this in 30 minutes to an hour. All and all this is a good metroid clone. I'm not sure what the story is about, nor able to comprehend what the story could be about but the gameplay is pretty decent. the boss fights are challenging. You'll struggle in the beginning because of the lack of upgrades you have when fighting these bosses.I treated this as a Metroid game and ran through this game as quick as i can. Metroid is a wonderful series and its great to see other games inspire by the Metroid series, Castlevania included. Metroid is my favorite series, this game is Metroids long lost cousin. Metroid is my favorite video game character of all time. I feel like i didn't say Metroid enough, but this game is a nice Metroid clone and is worth it at its asking price. Decent game!"
,Recommended,319140,27408984,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vantier,"Good game, but be wary of the default 10$ price tag. I got 100% this game my first playthrough in only 2 hours. But I also got the game when it was on sale for 99c.for 99c I would recommend this game.for 10$ I would definitely not recommend this game."
,Recommended,319140,17532180,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dozenbeer,"Very cool Metroid-like game.Pros:+ runs super smooth+ controller support with good native control scheme+ fluent controls+ cool pixel art+ fitting soundtrack with nice music through the whole game+ leveldesign is smart and well thought out+ backtracking is actual fun and not designed to be frustrating, while keeping exploration fresh+ a good variety of enemies+ really cool power ups that you use all the time+ upgrade your main weapon to your liking, whether you want more spread or shot speed, its all your choice this is one point i really loved. You also get more slots to switch between different skill-schemes, and all points can be rearranged at any moment+ balanced difficulty, its not too easy and not too frustratingCons:- with 3 hours in and many backtracking and multiple tries on the first 2 bosses.....the game is really short.- the boss battle is recycled every time, just with additional attacks. I didnt mind so much, but it does take the tention away if you fight him more than once. I was way more prepared for the last fight and won first try. Personally it didnt bother me too much though- I think the asking price of 10€ is too much. The game probably took some time to make as it is very well thought out, but its still such a short game, you can get more out of that money on steam with a different game. I got it in a 75% sale and am more than happy that I picked it up. Get it for 5€ its worth it.Great game, that comes off a little bit too short, but also stands tall on its fantastic gameplay and soundtrack. I enjoyed every minute of it and hope that there will be a sequel."
,Not Recommended,319140,13450245,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,NJim,"An okay game and a decent Metroidvania, hampered by being EXTREMELY short.And I'm talking SHORT. I finished it in just over 2 hours, with 91% completion. If I went back to get the couple of powerups I missed it would probably be 3 hours.There are some interesting mechanics and the gameplay is tight and fun, but just as it starts to get going it's all over.As it stands for such a short experience I can't really recommend it at a $10 price tag, especially considering other games you can pick up for the same price.If you can get it on sale for like $3-5, go ahead and pick it up if you like Metroidvanias and don't mind a short game."
,Not Recommended,319140,15958553,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Makaveli,"Game is short. No story line, reused artwork. One of the laziest metroidvania games I have ever played. I recommend if you're paying a dollar for it. Otherwise leave it alone."
76561197994686280,Recommended,319140,13606851,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,whatthetrash,"OLD THOUGHTS: NEWER THOUGHTS BELOW. :)Well, these are my initial impressions. Take them as you will. I will update this if/when I play some more.PROS:- Bright, colorful artwork that pops- Lovely underwater effects (sometime it feels like a tech demo for the effect - it's used a LOT)- Cute designs and easy to understand enemies- Great tone, mood, atmosphereCONS:- SET UP- It says ""Alt + Enter"" to Fullscreen. The first time I used it, the program crashed. Moving right along...- No controller support to get through the introduction is a real bummer. Also, there are no prompts telling you what to press to continue. So, I found myself just pressing buttons until something happened. ""ESC doesn't seem to do anything. How about Spacebar? No, that didn't work either. How about...Z? Yes, it's Z.""- Then is says that the A and B buttons have been calibrated, but pressing the A and B buttons do nothing. *sigh* So, I eventually went into configurations and set-up the whole controller myself manually. NOT the best of first impressions.- GAMEPLAY- Four planets to explore, and from what I can gather, there's only one checkpoint right before the boss (By the way, you fight the same boss multiple times in this game).- Health does not refill upon death. So, if you make it to the boss with one health bar, if you die during the boss fight and respawn in front the boss door, you still have one health bar. I found this an interesting (not in a good way) design decision because this means that to refill your health, you need to work you way all the way back to your ship - or exit the game to the main menu and try again from a previous save. Why not just spawn back at the ship after a couple attempts at the boss ?(you're going to have to start again from the ship anyway) I guess that would have been too straightforward.- There's no variable jump - just one big leap. This makes me feel like I'm less in control of the character.That's all for now. Not really recommended at this time. Again, may update in the future.Thanks.- EDIT -UPDATE 01.12.2015- Alrighty, I just beat the game so I thought that I'd update my thoughts. I have to admit: I was wrong. Xeodrifter is actually a very cool little game, but it didn't give me the best of first impressions. Complete controller support not working 'out of the box' is a major turn-off for me, as well as respawn time taking longer than I would have liked.Regardless, once I got into the game about an hour and a half, it really picked up. It went from difficult and frustrating to me BLAZING through it. I went from three heart tanks to nine in two hours. During this time the game was progressing so fast I wondered if it could beat the game the same night! So much fun! Discovering that the little enemies outside the boss room can be killed for heart points was an eye opener. I think I was at the fourth boss when I realized that. I was like, ""What?! These things drop health? Nothing else in this game drops health."" Haha! Love it.All in all, a fun little metroidvania game with its share of surprises and challenge. As others have said, you fight the same boss seven times, but the boss adds moves each time, so it doesn't feel *completely* the same. >_< A fun little game that kept me coming back. Kudos to you, Renegade Kid. :)Final Score: 7.5/10"
76561198094896490,Not Recommended,319140,17231414,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,burlapbee,"Xenodrifter is a 2D watered down metroid clone- you know the kind. Navigate mazes, get power-ups to access new areas, fight evil space monsters, and backtracking galore. Xenodrifter straddles the gorge with one foot on the side of neat ideas with the other firmly planted in unnecessary tedium. The major power-up and mechanical theme is lifted from an older title Renagade Kid worked on called Mutant Mudds, where the protagonist can warp from foreground to background to traverse the world. Another major feature is how you can customize the gun- the hero's main form of attack. Want the bullets to weave through the air? There's an upgrade for that. Faster Bullets? Got it. Spray and pray? Right here. You can allocate points to make your gun as “wavy” or “fast” as you like. As you progress through the game, the more of these upgrade points you find and the crazier your custom gun becomes.However, the gameplay is fairly dull. The stages have bleak layouts with no real threats besides the odd off-screen enemy ramming you. The game just has that “autopilot” feel. Jump up ledges, stand still to shoot the bouncing baddy, move on. No real hazards, interesting enemies, or challenging puzzles. The bosses are the same creature with different colors and more attack actions. This visually makes bosses anti-climatic and their patterns obvious.  Oddly, the game feature few checkpoints- only one at the start of the stage and when you face the planet boss. This can lead to some false difficulty and more tedium as you face the same enemies, the same layout, with the same stage all over again from the beginning if you get nixed. Snore.If you absolutely enjoy these types of 2D action-adventure games then you've played much better and far worse. Xendrifter is in the middle- it has good bullet points to pique your interest, but nothing engaging to make you stay. If your interested in playing one of these types of games, Xenodrfter is not a good first choice. A nice second just to see what an “everyday” metroid-clone feels like.A sale, coupon, or bundle item- don't get it full price."
,Recommended,319140,28430414,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PhantomProgrammer,"Cons:Short playtime.Game was finished to almost 100% completion in around 3-4 hours.Somewhat awkward (keyboard) controls.Z is bound to jump like in most platformers, but A is bound to attack, and X for special abilities. With a controller it isn't as much of an issue.Repetetiveness.You fight the same boss multiple times over, the only difference being a new color, additional attack stages, and higher health. The difficulty curve makes up for it though.Pros:Perfect difficulty curve.Game difficulty and complexity increases as the game goes on, as you constantly get new tools to help you progress and must learn how to use them.Customizability.You can customize your weapon the whole way through, tweaking it and fine tuning it to meet your needs using points you gain along the way.Great graphics.The blur in focus when switching between dimensions really pulls you into the game. Movement is very smooth on the eyes. Even all of the sudden movements from special actions in the game transition very smoothly.Secrets.There are hidden health and gun upgrades all over the place, if you can just find them. If you're a completionist like me, try to find them all and get a 100% save. Heck, 100% three save files for bragging rights!Replayabillity.Because it was on the shorter side, starting up a new game and getting into it isn't a challenge. Plus, because of the customizabililty with weapons, you can try a new playstyle every game. Or, just challenge yourself to only use certain weapon upgrades throughout the whole game, or none at all!Summary:-=8/10=-I wouldn't pay the full $10 for it because of how short it was, but for 99₵, this game is a must buy.Have some change left in your wallet? Looking for a fun game with a Metroid feel? Get this game. It won't dissapoint you."
76561197962506421,Not Recommended,319140,20422127,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Adamant Consternation,"Pros:Nice pixel artGood sound trackTight controlsWeapon customizationSome Really nifty abilitiesCons:Short. You're only looking at about 2-4 hours of content depending on how much you exploreTiny LevelsOnly one boss enemy. He's given a new ability and palette swap with each battle. This gets old quick.Insanely stingy with health drops. You can only get health from save points, hidden caches you need to shoot open, or respawning enemies right before a boss battle.Honestly I really wanted to like this more as I am a massive Metroidvania nut. However the game is over and done with before it really even starts. I can only really recommend this at a good discount."
,Recommended,319140,13324127,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Wiikly Reviews,A fun game from the creators of Mutant Mudds.A Metroid style like game that has some very awesome music and great controls. Jools Watsham is a GOD of Video Games. (Not as big as Shigeru Miyamoto but still big enough.) Support Renegade Kid they are great devs and deserve MAD props.Also to everyone having problems with the game just customize the controls with your 360 controller's until the patch for others is added in.Otherwise this game deserves more sales and TONS of respect! This game is tough as nails but is VERY rewarding with great powerups and some kick♥♥♥♥♥boss battles.
,Not Recommended,319140,25390830,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"This game isn't quite as good on the PC as it is on the 3DS, for which it was developed for.If you are looking for a better pixel-art sci-fi platformer with more depth, check outEnvironmental Station Alpha."
76561198080548975,Recommended,319140,13383272,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,subanark,"A fun little game that doesn't get old fast, but it is over fast.Pros:Controls are responsiveGraphics are simple and not distracting, while not being too blandOld retro feelingNot too difficultBosses use an iterative approach, each one adds new abilities over the old one.Powerups are meaningful (mostly), instead of just a key you get into place X.Cons:ShortToo linear - it is mostly find the right path and follow it to the next boss.Difficulty curve - Starts hard and get easier, until the end, where it is a small jump up in difficulty.Non-intuitive weapon customization - most customization are not helpful, and there is only one good combination to go after for everything in the game.No difficulties - Just a basic, not too hard difficulty. Somewhat tempered by lack of save points."
,Recommended,319140,25451084,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Waffle King,"Premetroid Ejaculation-An Official Waffle King Review~Find morehere.Metroidvania style games are a genre mostly forgotten by pretty much everyone except indie developers. Nintendo hasn't cared about classic Metroid in a long time, and Castlevania is pretty much dead since Konami, you know, is ♥♥♥♥ing Konami.But people still care about the genre, and you can still find some decent stuff like it to this day. Sometimes games on par with, or possibly better than the classics. Stuff, maybe, like Xeodrifter?Haha, no, I wouldn't go that far. Don't be ridiculous.Xeodrifter is a pretty decent take on the Metroidvania genre available on PS4, PS Vita, Wii U, 3DS, and PC. Coming to us from Renegade Kid, developers of some pretty great games like Mutant Mudds and Dementium: The Ward.If you've ever played Metroid, well, it's kinda like that. Except it takes maybe all of roughly half an hour to finish. If that.Xeodrifter is a one-pump chump. It's not a bad game at all. It's just, that's it. You start it, you explore a little, and it's done just as soon as you've started.You get to explore 4 bite-sized planets, hunting for the minimal albeit cleverly hidden collectibles, and defeating the bosses which are all the same base enemy.Each planet has its own unique theme, with vibrant 8-bit environments and catchy chiptunes. The planets will task you with many unique challenges, and offers quite a bit of variation in the gameplay. You can unlock the power to morph into a submarine, or run at lightning speeds to dash over lava. Each power is unlocked by defeating a boss.The exact same boss. Every time. For a game in the same vein as Metroid, there's a startlingly bare-bones cast of enemies to fight. There's definitely Metroid-styled enemies, with their erratic movement patterns and design styles, but a diverse ecosystem of alien creatures is not here.Each time you fight the boss, he does learn some new moves and ultimately becomes a force to be reckoned with. But it ultimately makes the final boss, who is also the exact same boss, a little underwhelming.The repetitive bosses combined with the short game length ultimately make for a bit of a disappointing experience, especially when the game does such a good job of hyping itself up.Morphing into a submarine is dope as ♥♥♥♥, dude. By far one of the best ideas in the game. Underwater levels are always the absolute worst, but the submarine's movement is smooth and unhindered and yet still distinguishable from land movement.The gun upgrade system, which allows you to freely set skill points to upgrade different facets of your blaster, is another great idea. Was looking forward to upgrading my gun to fit any given enemy's attack pattern. But again, there's only one major enemy to worry about.There's just not enough stuff. It's not long enough, and there's not enough girth. You can't leave someone satisfied with something like this. I finished it accidentally.Now, I'm sure thisneverhappens. I'm sure this is just from the alcohol, or I dunno, maybe you're just really stressed from trying to make a really good Metroidvania.But really, dude, you got me all worked up and you couldn't even last longer than an hour. You're gonna need to buy me dinner to make up for this, yo.Gotta be something classy. Not some Red Lobster♥♥♥♥♥joint. If you can't make a Metroidvania that lasts longer than an hour and can't afford something better than Red Lobster, we are done.Done."
,Not Recommended,319140,21108395,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Zanzibar Hamster,"This is a short metroidvania. Graphics aren't bad if you like them pixels, and it plays okay, but it had too many problems for me to recommend it.In no certain order, here they are:1. You can pick between 4 planets to explore, however the game is really linear, so you don't really have a choice of where you go at any time. I don't like this false choice.2. Very small enemy variety, and most of them aren't very interesting.2b. There's only one boss in the game. It learns new tricks every refight, but it always feels the same so it gets boring.3. At some point you get a sort of new weapon (usually you upgrade your basic weapon), but it's mostly for breaking barriers and not general combat. However to switch weapons you need to go into the menu to turn the special weapon on or off, even though this could have easily been relegated to a button.4. The game is terribly short, even if you 100% it.Now I bought it when it was really cheap, so I don't feel cheated out or anything, but it's certainly not worth full price ($9.99).To be fair though, it is fun to use the abilities you pick up as you play the game. If only the planets weren't so small so that you could have even more fun moving around..."
,Not Recommended,319140,17011186,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,im in ma mums car,"I cannot get used to the controls at all they feel too slippery and I heard the game lasts 3 hrs. Save your money,buy Axiom Verge. a much much much better Metroidvania. this feels like it became metroidvania instead of a platformer in the last minute"
,Recommended,319140,29682072,Posted: 3 February,all,Satana,"At first I whined about frustrating jumps and every surface being ice (i.e. too much inertia).But once you get your way through to the 3rd boss battle when you already have SWITCH PLANE power up it's becoming really enjoyable how high inertia forces you to clever use of this powerup to ""switch places"" and play with the boss.And dynamic weapon modification system with powerups is ncie."
,Recommended,319140,33308924,Posted: 6 July,all,LtPitt,"A tiny jewel!Lovely pixelart and animations, precise collisions, appropriate music / sfx and nice bosses.Worth it :)"
,Not Recommended,319140,23871399,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DEATH,"- can be beaten in 2 hours- lots of back tracking- very small health bar and a ton of enemies that will hit you nearly off screen- 1 boss recolored 7 times- non-variable jumping is extremely irritating- linear world and weak level designThis game tries it's hardest to spread out it's bare bones content by padding the game with lots of back tracking, artificial difficulty and a few ""wait before attacking"" enemies too soak up your time. Just barely manages to extend passed the 2 hour refund deadline. Don't buy this game full price, it's not even close to worth it. At $1.49 it's not too bad. Either way, probably better games out there you could spare the change on. Not the worst game in the world but nothing special.Conclusion: 5/10Not recommended to anyone other than the extremely bored metroidvania fan that's already gone through every better metroidvania out there."
,Recommended,319140,31593665,Posted: 6 May,all,716green,"This game is actually not bad. I would consider it to be my least favorite of all metroidvania games that I think are worth playing. Considering that it made the list, that's pretty good. The jump height is a set height regardless of how long you hold the jump button. The ""dimension jump"" unlockable ability is pretty cool. It's like Mutant Mudds.The boss battles are all very similar but they are fun. I probably wouldn't replay this game, but it's a solid game to play through once. I'd give it a 5.5/10 which is a lot better than a lot of other cheap platformers on Steam."
,Not Recommended,319140,20716041,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Will,"What I thought was going to be an interesting exploration of the foreground / background mechanic in a metroid like format turned out to be very difficult and meticulous. I've spent quite a bit of time replaying the same sections over and over again, dying due to the low health and lack of health pickups. I've only got the submarine power up and I'm already tired of playing the same first part of the second planet and dying to the creature with wings that does two damage. If there is some feature that I am missing, please let me know. I really wish I could have given a Recommend.If you are looking for a forgiving, exploration based game using the foreground / background mechanic I would recommend PONCHO."
,Recommended,319140,13702300,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Netherfiend,"A very solid, if simple, metroidvania style game. Gameplay, graphics, and sound are all top notch. And the game is surprisingly challenging as well. I actually like the fact that you just have to explore to find out where you can go and what order you should visit the planets rather than being told."
76561198006556070,Not Recommended,319140,21722683,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,exodus747,so this game suffers from floaty jumpingwhen you press the jump button you jump to max height even if you let go of the jump buttonthis is super annoyingI got past the first boss and then I could not stand the floaty jump and the lack of diagonal shootingbought Axiom Verge and that game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥don't waste your time with this
,Not Recommended,319140,33774091,Posted: 24 July,all,Burntfires22,"It's falls short a bit. I got it for sale and it's still very disappointing, I can only imagine how sickened the people feel who bought it at full price."
,Recommended,319140,29684454,Posted: 3 February,all,suckoja,Buy it on sales. Play it until finish the game. Satisfied!
,Recommended,319140,29794770,Posted: 8 February,all,Bl0rch,"This was probably one of the most ""Retro"" feeling games I've played in a long time. It's soundtrack reminds me a lot of Metroid and LifeForce/Gradius era games. If you were ever a fan of the NES games like those, this harkens back quite nicely.It's difficult, yet not unforgiving. The controls are smooth, but also take some getting used to.The short list of the good/bad:+Great music+Fluid controls+Cool powerups+Fun boss fights (but they could be better)+Boss checkpoints+Configurable weapon upgrade loadouts - you can choose where you put your gun points and you can rearrange them for free whenever, saved with 3 presets.+Plane shift + run + rocket = <3-If you die while exploring, unless you hit a checkpoint (boss chamber), you're going back. And it could mean the beginning of the map.-All the bosses are the ""same"" - relatively same pattern and same form, not really a whole lot to them once you learn the patterns. fun to play them, but could be better-health pickups are almost non-existent. You can find them from special enemies right before a boss, and hidden in walls, but there's not much else -- so don't get hit!-it's shortIt might seem like a balanced list of good and bad, but the bad are really just aspects of the game that I personally didn't care for -- those seeking a challenge will welcome it.For the controls, the jump height is fixed -- tap or hold the button, you jump the same. It's not so much a problem, but it can be tricky to avoid certain enemies if they aren't at the apex of your jump when you need to hit them.It feels like you're sliding on ice when you jump, but the platforming is pretty simple, so it's not a big deal. It can be meddlesome when you need to avoid enemies, but you can kill most everything.The game is sort of linear, in that you uncover parts of the map that are accessible each time you get a power, but you have to remember all those little places you might have forgotten to check in order to come back later -- hello Metroid.The game is rather short. I completed it in a few hours, without getting 100% of the map/items (I got all the gun powerups, missing about half the health ones).I feel like it could be one you could replay over again to see if you can nab all the achievements or whatnot, but i thought it was extremely worth it."
76561198168917398,Recommended,319140,31654670,Posted: 9 May,all,Codex,"This is a platformer with a wide range of abilities that you unlock throughout the game ranging from stuff that basically just unlocks new areas for you, to abilities you will actually use in your next boss fight. I have to say its alot of fun and i defenitely got my moneys worth, I mean its 1.00$ right now im not going to complain. Deaths can be very unforgiving when your trying to make your way to the next boss and you die lets say right before the boss door, you just lost about 10-15 min of you life, but hey i like a challenge so im not complaining. Bosses literally look the same but do have slight tweaks to make them more difficult, unlike dying on your way to the boss though when you die fighting a boss you spawn right next to the boss door again so no worries there. Im basically just viewing this as a somewhat enjoyable game to occupy me for the week, its not bad my no means but i will forget about it within the month."
,Not Recommended,319140,30248219,Posted: 28 February,all,Einer Von Denen,"This could be a fun game but it feels so cheap. The only checkpoints are before bosses and these are the only points where you can replenish your health during a level. That wouldn't be so bad if the big monsters weren't placed in the most unfair ways possible.You jump out of the water? Too bad. A big snail shoots you in the face for 2 of your 4 health points. If you die you have to play everything all over again and the levels are not fun. They are so slow, because everything hits so hard while being able to tank so many of your shots, you can't really see what's coming next and enemies will attack you from blind spots of the screen. You can't make mistakes or 8 minutes of slow grinding are for nothing. Aforementioned snail takes something like 15 hits and just shoots bullets in a straight path. The difficulty is in repetition. Jump over the bullet, shoot the snail in the face, rinse repeat 10 times and the snail is dead. If you mess up one jump, you lose half your health. This is just cheap.Then there are the bosses. They all look the same but have some extra attacks. They can randomly heal themselves. With no counterplay on your part. Fun. Otherwise they hit like trucks and are situated in tiny rooms like old Mega Man bosses. If you managed to defeat a boss, well done. Have fun backtracking through the level while dying over and over again. You can only save at your ship. Fun.Some could say ""git gud"" and maybe this game isn't for me. I usually enjoy difficult games but this one just feels like cheap difficulty to me. Take all the parts that made Mega Man or the original Metroid unfun and claim it's cool and retro. There is a reason why certain things are handled differently in modern games. All this is made more infuriating by the fixed jump height. Even in Mega Man you could vary your jumping height. It just feels like a struggle to control the character.There is an illusion of a Metroidvania gameplay where you can choose your paths. This is however just an illusion. If you land on the wrong planet you just cannot progress by any means. You have to find out the right order in which you have to visit the planets. The path is strictly linear. If you visit the wrong one you will get stuck halfway through a level because you lack a specific power up.So if you enjoy the old Mega Man games, especially the infuriating parts and wish to see them in cute graphics with a pseudo Metroidvania level selection, go for it. I didn't enjoy it. If you wish to play something similar but well executed, try Cave Story. That one is amazing."
,Not Recommended,319140,26174568,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,onloadx,"The going into the background mecahnic has never been fun, the enemies are annoying and the bosses repeat. Was looking for a cool metroid like game, this is not one."
,Recommended,319140,22788142,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,mikew,"Xeodrifter is a neat little Metroid-like. The abilities are unique and used to good effect with some inventive environment-traversal tricks. I liked the setup of moving between four different planets instead of having four different areas interconnected on the same planet. The weapon-upgrading system is excellent; being able to experiment with different weapon types by redistributing your upgrade points at any time is a great touch.The game has its weak points, but they're more on the order of minor gripes than major flaws. At first I didn't like the way my character jumped (always reaching maximum height instead of varying depending on how hard I pressed), but I got used to it. You fight the same boss character repeatedly, which may be a little tedious, but the fight changes over time, and its recurrence plays a role in the (admittedly thin) story. I really wish I could have cycled through weapons without going to the pause screen; the left and right triggers on my controller were just begging to be used. I also wish I could have used the thumbstick for movement, because the absolute worst part of this game was my 360 controller's d-pad.Xeodrifter doesn't overstay its welcome; my six-hour playtime is quite a bit longer than necessary because I spent some time jumping against every wall I could, trying to find a couple of secret passages that were eluding me. But despite it being a little on the short side, it felt like the right length to me, and made for a nice bite-sized weekend diversion. I have a big soft spot for Metroidvanias in general, so I'm predisposed to giving a thumbs-up here, but I found a lot to like."
,Recommended,319140,13352756,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Arkveveen,"Xeodrifter is a neat little gem with heavy inspiration from Metroid and Super Metroid. It's a simple little game that won't take you much longer than 5 hours, but it's full of enough secrets, tough bosses, and fun abilities to excuse the short length of the game. However, it doesn't feel complete as a result.Xeodrifter, in a nutshell, is a tasty little retro romp that will satisfy your appetite if you miss Metroid or Super Metroid!Still waiting on you, Nintendo, or whoever is forcing Metroid to float in limbo..."
,Not Recommended,319140,29723993,Posted: 5 February,all,Stalinbrad,"How this got a 9/10 from Destructoid, I'll never know. While this is a beautiful, beautiful game, and it has some very interesting design, the gameplay has a lot of glaring flaws. I really hope the devs actually ready these reviews and take notice, because I think that the main problems with this game happen to be a direct result of design choices, rather than simple sloppy work -- barring the bosses. I don't like fighting the same enemy over and over and over again.Starting Xeodrifter is probably the most brutal part of the game. The starting health is absurd for someone who is just learning how the game works, and the trial-by-fire method seems to be counter-intuitive here. The fact that the developers chose to assuage the pain of this by adding in a checkpoint system instead of culling back the gauntlet, or giving the player better footing to start with is something that bothers me immensely. It says to me, ""We want our game to be hard, but we don't really want to think about what that means."" There are several points throughout my first hour of playing the game where exhausting enemies with the same simple pattern are simply copy and pasted. They have an absurd amount of health for what I can only glean is to test if the player can jump over the same pellet they shoot repeatedly. Now, to be fair, a few times to deal with the same attack at once is fine. Fifteen times, and you're just being mean.I have fought five bosses, and every single one of them is the same archetype. Each of them seems to have a moveset that builds upon the last, which would be interesting if there were some other boss-type to compare them against. Since there hasn't been, I can't say that there's anything special about these additional attack patterns. What I can say, however, is that the developers seem to dislike the idea of you using phase-shifting in a fight when you're not supposed to. While there are certain moves and patterns where phase-shifting to the background is something you're clearly supposed to do, when you're not supposed to, the boss monster will go positively ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. That is to say, the game punishes you for using a tool that it has given you. That's not fun at all. It sends a clear message: There is only one way to approach this situation, and if you don't approach it that way, you are playing the game wrong. Not allowing the player to have flexibility with the tools you've given them makes using those tools boring and predictable. Bossfights are just an exasperating exercise in recognizing and repeatedly dodging patterns while shooting back with absolutely no room for personal preference or playstyle.The weapon system would appear, at first, to be this game's saving grace. After all, you're given a measure of custimization with your guns. But from what I've tried, it largely makes no difference aside from clearing out enemies that are purposefully and awkwardly placed.The tight mechanics might work in another setting a lot more, but I think with the way the game is set up, especially as an alien exploration metroidvania-esque game, simple and forced playstyle and plain pattern memorization just make for bland and tasteless experience. I really want to like this game more, because again, it is quite beautiful, but it's boring, meticulous, and completely unrewarding.If you're not dissuaded by what I nitpicked at with this game, go ahead and pick it up, but for my time with this game, I couldn't and wouldn't recommend this to anyone who didn't already have their heart set on it. It's just a disappointing experience all around."
76561198174768571,Not Recommended,319140,31960523,Posted: 25 May,all,Russ,"There's no diagonal fire, the levels are boring. All enemies take to long to kill and the boss fights are dull. This game isn't hard, its just tedious. Aside from checkpoints before boss rooms there are very little in the levels. This means if you get fed up waiting for baddies to die and rush, when you die you might spawn at your ship and have to sit through the whole thing again. Not worth £6.99. There are much better games in this genre."
,Not Recommended,319140,31665406,Posted: 10 May,all,ScratchMyAnchor,"If you like constantly losing progress and repeating steps because of how easy it is to die, get this game.I payed $1 for it on a sale so I'm not too disappointed."
76561198082493092,Recommended,319140,29884699,Posted: 12 February,all,valor87,"Just finished the game. Alright, so the basic premise is that you need a warp core to get out of this small galaxy. The bosses you fight lead you closer and closer to the warp core. On the way you pick up weapon upgrades and increased health.The gameplay is very metroidvania. I will say that the bosses are a little mundane since they all look the same and just have different improved attacks each time, but overall the experience is still a lot of fun.I wouldn't call this an epic game since it only takes maybe 5 hours or so to complete it, possibly less, but it's worth the money if it's on sale. I got it for $1.50 and was glad I made the purchase.8/10"
,Recommended,319140,23834048,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Loz,"A hommage to Metroid, this short but sweet experience will impress you.  The gun upgrade system cleverly allows you to chose how it improves depending on your play style and the other collectable upgrades make you feel noticably more capable as you progress.+ Difficulty, exploration, tight controls, sense of achivement- length of game, repetative bosses, lack of health through levels feels cheap"
76561198028606036,Recommended,319140,23860977,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blaank,Was a fun experience.Simple. and fun game.Worth a shot if you're into metroidvania type of games
76561198001800678,Recommended,319140,32768101,Posted: 25 June,all,[Dewgong] Vidd,"A fun, small Metroid-esque game with enjoyable gameplay and a hamfisted attempt at a deep ending.Feels very short for the normal asking price but it's a bargain when it's on sale."
76561198077323062,Not Recommended,319140,23129794,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Photon,"Got this on sale and I've beaten five of seven bosses. Though perhaps unintentional, Xeodrifter seems to ride too hard on the ""upgrade hunt"" aspect of the game, because the package as a whole feels terribly monotonous. It starts slow, briefly shows a flash or two of brilliance, but quickly settles into running you in circles.First and perhaps most notably, combat is incredibly boring outside of boss fights. Enemies have static patterns they rarely deviate from. One moves back and forward in a straight line, another stays in place firing bullets in four directions, etc. The problem here is that most enemies rarely play ""aggressor;"" they don't change their bullet trajectories, they don't chase... they just carry on with their patterns indefinitely until you take them out. In fact, you could probably avoid and ignore half (if not more) of the enemies in the game and be just fine.As a result, level traversal is a chore: move a little, defeat a bullet sponge, continue. It gets old fast. Further exasperating the issue are quirks like no variable jump height and the inability to aim up while walking. This can make taking down enemiess even more tedious. On top of all that, defeated foes don't give health drops (or at least not any that I've seen,) meaning you won't see many of them. Checkpoints are also infrequent. Admittedly, I can see where some people would consider this gauntlet-style trek a challenge worth accepting; however, with combat fairly unengaging and more of a literal roadblock than an actual fight, who wants to repeat it two or three times?The end result is that the exploration the game is supposedly banking on ultimately falls flat. Especially early, it can be a constant stop-and-go firefight where impatiently trying to increase your pace can easily lead to accidental damage.Now, I did say that there were flashes of good. The weapon customization system is neat, and a welcome one at that. I was quite happy to beef up my gun for quicker takedowns and I particularly liked the ""sine-wave"" upgrade. Also, despite sharing some already mentioned repetition issues, the boss fights are decent enough. They are probably where some of the powerups see their best utilization, especially the plane shifting upgrade. True, bosses can be spongy and predictable like the grunts, but not even close to the same extent.But its unfortunate to me that these pluses more or less made the game more bearable, not took it from good to great. As the game progresses and more upgrades become available, things still failed to pick up significantly. If that wasn't bad enough, the game is fairly bad at pushing you towards where you should go next. This wouldn't be so bad if not for the above AND later on it often seems to put ""gates"" too close to each other. There is literally one spot in the game where its practically four or five gates one right after the other, each representing the next powerup you should obtain. Why? What's the point? It gives this false sense of discovery when you can finally open that ""locked door,"" only to find another one directly after it with almost no iterim material or reward. I feel the game misses some opportunities to reward that easy-going, poking around that usually comes with the territory.I stuck with it for awhile, but I'm just not enjoying it that much. I still kinda want to do due diligence and finish it (I hear its short,) but even so. Bottom line: it flatlined for me almost immediately and never made a full recovery. Quite a shame, as part of me really feels a great opportunity just didn't materialize properly."
76561198040826587,Recommended,319140,26003371,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lagwagon578,"PROS: Really good music, cool art style, fun gameplay, challengingCONS: Fairly short (took me about 6 hrs to finish) and it is very hard (which I like) but it can be frustrating at times when you're dying a lot. Honestly though, any time I died it was my fault for pressing the wrong button or not timing something correctly, so it's not like the game was poorly made. Lastly, there isn't very high replay value. There isn't new game plus and I got about 90% of the collectibles in my playthrough... so you could probably get about 7, maybe 8 hours of gameplay before you 100% itOverall, this is a really cool game that's worth checking out... I got it on sale for $2, which I'm more than happy to have paid."
76561198050434471,Recommended,319140,31882751,Posted: 21 May,all,celbrion,Xeodrifter is a little platformer and metroidvania which is packed with 4-5 hours of fun.
76561198132450772,Recommended,319140,26048084,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,spypas3,Very good metroidvania game
,Not Recommended,319140,19743790,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kumasan,"Not a bad game, not a bad game at all. It's just too expensive for what it is. I was lucky enough to buy it for 2 euros, and it's worth it. But 10 or 15 euros are way too much for a game you can finish in one or two hours (and 100% completed). Apart from that, it's linear, the bosses are basically all the same (just a new pattern added each time) and not too easy (which is a good thing). The story is inexistent, which doesn't help to feel anything while playing.So, I would only recommend it if you can have it very cheap."
,Not Recommended,319140,31692399,Posted: 11 May,all,engie,Looks nice and have interesting gameplay elements but is way too repeatitive.And with all that unbalanced difficulty and reappearing enemies it's just way too annoying.Just watch someone else play it. There is no joy of playing it yourself.
,Recommended,319140,13535454,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Deuceler,"I really, really enjoyed this game for the time I played it. Like others I finished it in a little over 2 hours - if this game was longer it would be one of the best this year. Don't let that hamper your desire to play though, this game has a lot of fun packed into it and the skills and level design are top notch!"
76561198062887547,Not Recommended,319140,29752029,Posted: 6 February,all,xmawlx,"Not worth full price. Played and loved the demo. Bought for $0.99. After 5th boss I'm not playing this anymore and I will explain why:-The fifth boss has a phase where you need to run back and forth because the main room fills with lava.-For whatever reason, the phase won't advance UNTIL you take damage. So you can run back and forth for literally 10 minutes avoiding damage, but it doesnt matter. It has been predetermined that you take damage here or else the game loops for ever. This is abysmal game design.-Toss in fixed jump height and only 4 direction shooting and this game frustrates more than anything.Disappointed."
,Recommended,319140,13340644,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,wondroushippo,"A pretty cool little Metroidvania from the Mutant Mudds devs. I joked on Twitter that this is a Muddtroidvania, and it really is, with the background/foreground switching coming into play. The game is quasi-linear in that you can theoretically go to any of the four planets at any time, but you'll run into natural barriers demanding you go elsewhere to get the ability you need. The gun upgrade system is clever in that it lets you put points into any stat that you please so that you can get your preferred mode of fire.It's rather challenging in part because the only checkpoints are before boss fights, so you need to be careful while exploring the worlds, as if you die, you can lose a lot of found items. It's hardly impossible, but it feels like it wouldn't be less enjoyable if the checkpoints were more generous.The game was clearly built for the 3DS first, as it's got VERY chunky pixels. Not that it's a bad thing or that it looks ugly, it just looks like a handheld game blown up – which it is! You'll need to alt-enter to use fullscreen, and the options for gamepads and the like are only in windowed mode. 360 controllers work, DirectInput controllers should as well through the configuration, but as always, YMMV. I do wish that it was possible to use the triggers to switch weapon layouts, as particularly when fighting bosses I found myself switching weapons tactically.I certainly enjoyed my time with this, it won't replace Super Metroid or Symphony of the Night in the canon of Metroidvanias, but it compelled me to beat it in short order, and that's worthy of my stamp of approval."
76561197993804131,Recommended,319140,13535435,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Positron,"Simply put: I adore this game; It hits all the right notes of Metroid nostalgia from beginning to end.You can check out my impressions and a playthrough in video format here, or read more below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WwN--i1PrQXeodrifter is a small game, but one that excels at what it sets out to do.  Xeodrifter hearkens back to the feelings you get playing Metroid, Metroid II, and Super Metroid, borrowing elements from all 3 of those games with many new twists and mechanics of its own.  The art, sound, and music are great, the controls are fluid and responsive.The game takes place across 4 planets for you to explore and fight your way through, gathering power-ups along the way.Power-ups come in two formats: Health/Gun points that increase your total health or allow for customizing your weapon, and progression-based upgrades from bosses that allow you to explore new areas and bypass obstacles.Bosses follow a very Metroid II-esque format, in that each boss builds on the previous one in a mechanical evolution style.While yes, the game is short at around 2.5-3 hours for an experienced gamer, it's an incredibly enjoyable experience.  I personally felt it was well worth it at the full $10 price-point, but for those that are wary I would absolutely pick it up if it's ever on sale, you'd be doing yourself a disservice to pass it by!"
,Recommended,319140,18195858,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Seawater,Short and simplistic metroidvania with sharp visuals and sharp gameplay.
76561198061173103,Not Recommended,319140,17625555,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wiseguise,"This game is unplayable on mouse&keyboard. ""Partial controller support"" is an outright lie. There isn't even an options menu to tell you what keys ""A"" and ""B"" are bound to, much less where pause is hidden. It breaks my heart that a game so obviously amazing, beautiful, and polished could have such a miserable port to PC. I fully plan on buying this game on the 3DS E-Shop, and recommend you all do too. I payed $2.50 to get this game on sale and still want my money back."
76561198041014831,Not Recommended,319140,13354281,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,rayovatron,"I can use only one word to describe this whole game: BLANDXeodrifter offers nothing original. From uninspired enemies to boring powerups, every aspect of this game lacks ambition.The level design is so boring it's a pain to play the same sections multiple times. The 4 planets all feel the same, they all have the same enemies, the same hazards, the same mechanics and guess what? You have to beat the same ♥♥♥♥ing Boss 6 times.You can upgrade diffrent stats for your gun (like your tears in Binding of Isaac) but the only usefull stats are bullet power and bullet quantity.The game also lack a story (asteroid hits your ship, breaks your fuel crystal, game starts) and unlike metriod, the world itself doesn't have a story.Don't waste 10$ on this game. Go get kero-blaster instead."
76561198067227433,Not Recommended,319140,23682618,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,courtepattes,"Beware ! This game is not for any regular player. I strongly advise you to watch a gameplay video before purchase. It does not look like games such as Cave Story or Super Panda Adventures. I myself was pretty confident I would enjoy it and waited some time before trying it, so I cannot get a refund, but I definitely would if I had the opportunity.Please understand: it is by no way a bad game. Controls are responsive, and it seems exciting enough. Yet, it is for hardcore gamers ONLY, as the game is really, really difficult, and this challenge dimension appears to be its main focus of interest. The game starts with a short level which quickly ends with a tough boss fight. Some items are hidden behind false walls (Come on ! Is there a worse idea than false walls ?). Those walls are not like those in Diablo II where if you were observant enough you could see something revealing them. No, in this game, you have to cross them by chance (it more or less amounts to try repeatedly punching a wall until you have the rarest luck to pass through thanks to tunnel effect in quantum physics...).Be warned ! This game is for a very restrictive audience, and you may not be part of it !"
76561197969372390,Recommended,319140,17549706,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,mr. nails,"Xeodrifter is a Metroidvania for the 3DS that got ported to Steam.  It's pretty damn good too, but extremely short in under 4 hours to beat.  The game offers hidden weapon upgrades, hidden health upgrades and the power ups you need to get to new areas are only provided from defeated bosses.  Speaking of bosses that's this games only weak point (minus the length of course).  There's only ONE boss throughout the entire game, but you fight this ONE boss 10 times or so.  Everytime you meet up with this guy he just gets a little tougher each time.One really GREAT concept is the jumping back and forth between the foreground and the background.  I'm not sure if I've ever did that in a game before.  Either way, it was fun to do and a welcome edition for Metroidvania's that I'm hoping makes it to others games in the genre.If you enjoy fun gameplay, a great soundtrack and Metroidvania style gameplay this game is for you.  A tad bit on the short side so grab it on sale to negate buying remorse.  And always make sure to check for hidden rooms through false walls!  ;)"
,Recommended,319140,23058016,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DoppelgangerAlpha,"A fun little Metroid clone whose cutesey pixel-graphics fooled me into thinking the game would be easy.Pros: -Great example of a ""Metroidvania"" game, leaning obviously more towards the Metroid side.-Good weapon customization. The 5 basic weapon types can have points spent on them to combine their effects in different ways.-Dual-layered maps. Jumping from background to foreground to navigate levels is a mechanic I'd love to see more of in 2D sidescrollers.-Challenging, but not too difficult.Cons: -Really floaty physics. No control over jump height and character will slide a bit when stopping & turning.-Lacks enemy variety. Most of the enemies are the same in each level and all the bosses are the same monster with different colors and newer attacks each time you fight it.  Could have used a bit more variety.-Health pickups and checkpoints are extremely rare.  While many might appreciate the challenge because of this, I found that it made parts of the game tedious and repetitive.-This game is really short. I managed to finish it with 93% completion in just over 5 hours.  Might not be worth full price to most people. I picked it up when it was on sale for $2, which is a fair price for a short game in my opinion.All in all, it's a good game, but not a great game.  Not quite worth the full price IMO but definitely worth it if you pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,319140,16854289,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,blax,"A well-made if derivative game.A few new gimmicks to the Metroid formula makes it unique but never elevates it to more than an homage.Limited checkpoints and health pickups means a more difficult, challenging, and sometimes frustrating experience."
76561198122265869,Recommended,319140,14652987,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Classics,"Good little game, except the bosses all look the same."
,Recommended,319140,23092484,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jsabsd,"I originally wrote a review of this that was brief and a bit hasty. I stand by my complaint, but I feel I can give it a bit more direction.The downsides:* The jump height is fixed. No feathering to shoot the badies. This is a gross oversight and not in line with classic NES style.* Slop in the controls. Not much, but enough to be frustrating. Platforming will just make you angry at the start.* The very first boss is absolutley unforgiving. They are all hard, but the first one is so outright unfair that it led to my initial bad review.* Boss methods are sometimes unclear, leaving you to do random things until something inexplicably changes. Good luck surviving through this. Thankfully, most of the boss behavior is random so he may not even do it next round.* The character's power is quadratic. As you gain more Health and more Gun, you quickly find the challenge taper off.* Some enemies are tedious to kill, not actually hard. There will be a pattern to learn, but do I really need to do it ten times to kill one thing?The upsides:* Challenging, but doable. Bosses require reflexes and patience. It's a difficult mix to master.* Graphics are fantastic. It feels like the love child of my NES favorites Blaster Master and Metroid.* Music is great. (I'm biased, there's a nod to David Bowie on the soundtrack. Instant win.)So with more negative points than positive ones, why am I changing this to recommend? Firstly, because there is no neutral, which is what I really feel it should be. This game is not for everyone, chiefly because the challenge is just too high at the start. With limited space to explore until you down that first boss, the gameplay value becomes about 5 minutes if you cannot proceed.A couple of things that would fix it:* Feathering. Many enemies need a mini-jump to line up the shot. Let us control our jumps. This actually matters.* Difficulty setting. A novice mode in which the bosses movements aren't quite so quick. Also opens the door for hard (bosses have twice the HP) and nightmare (bosses have twice the HP and faster reaction times). Think about it.In the end, I am recommending the game. It's just a weak recommendation, with the caveat that if you are really easily frustrated, you might want to sit this one out (at least until it has a difficulty option)."
76561198056907421,Recommended,319140,20740158,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,serialzero,"This game made me feel like a kid playing my NES again, only with snazzier graphics.It begins with a simple, self-explanatory intro.  You are then tasked with finding your way out of the situation by shooting through various enemies, and collecting incredibly creative power-ups that will help you reach more areas.  In classic, retro platforming style, the boss encounters test your reflexes and your ability to pick up on patterns.  Every time I successfully brought the boss down, it evoked a true feeling of victory.It's a very basic premise that is executed marvelously.  The graphics are great, the music is appropriately fitting, and the controls are very smooth.  I highly recommend this title."
,Not Recommended,319140,24459852,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Demon of the Fall,"I wish I could recommend this game, but sadly I can't.This is a game for metroidvania lovers, but it fails being a good one in some critical points.Yes, it has some very clever ideas (the phasing one being the most original), but I don't think they are enough to make this a good game.First of all, the entire game has only one boss... sort of. It is always the same monster, recoloured and with new attack patterns every time you fight it again. It is a bittersweet feature, because the sense of evolution you have each time you fight him again is quite unique, but it kind of feels lazy and lackluster to always fight the same guy.The exploration and backtracking doesn't feel immersive like other great metroidvanias at all. It is mostly linear, actually. You often go to a place thinking you can explore, but soon are blocked by something that requires an ability you still don't have. After some time you figure out that there is basically one way to go, you just have to find the right order of places to visit. You seldom find forking paths that really lead to something meaningful.The saving/checkpoint system of this game frustrated me, but I don't know if it is a bad design choice or just one I don't like at all. The problem is, the game is somewhat hard, and you usually have to backtrack a lot to save the game and warp to another places. If you find some upgrades and then die, you'll be sent to the last checkpoint, and have to go all the way again, including catching that upgrade. This also can happen during some critical fights in the game.There are also enemies that attack you offscreen and are difficult to avoid the first time you encounter, so you can die easily without even seeing what killed you.In general, I think this game has great mechanics, but suffers from poor level design choices, and that is what essentially kills it. But it is short and have some good moments, so you might want to grab it in some sale for a very low price."
76561198179962105,Recommended,319140,22683317,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,silverlunastar39,"I was immediately interested in this game when I saw it was released by the same people who made Mutant Mudds. After watching the trailer for Xeodrifter, I was hoping to play a well-crafted action adventure game that hearkened back to the days of Metroid and Blaster Master. I'm happy to say that is exactly what I got.The premise of Xeodrifter is incredibly simple: your ship needs a new warp core and unless you want to be left stranded out in the depths of space forever, your only option is to explore four nearby planets and seach for a new core. As you explore each planet, you'll slowly uncover a plethora of health and weapon upgrades, as well as new abilties to help you on your way (rocket jump, submarine, etc.) There is no text in the game and that's okay: it helps immerse the player in the atmosphere of the game.That being said, the gameplay pulls through and makes Xeodrifter a fun play. While the controls are slightly floaty, the game moves at a nice pace. You have a selection of upgrades to choose from in upgrading your energy shot which allows for a little customization. As you uncover more and more upgrades, the difficulty of the game slowly ramps along with your progression. This, and the integration of your new abilties, keeps Xeodrifter from becoming boring or repetitive; as the game is only a few short hours, it doesn't bog itself down or drag itself out.So. The graphics are colorful, the music is fantastic, and it plays great. It covers all the bases well. Buy it. If you're fan of classic Metroid action/exploration, you owe it to yourself to get this."
,Recommended,319140,15592050,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Philnemba ZA WARUDO!!,"Imagine Blaster Master, Metroid Fusion & Wario Land Virtual Boy had a big threesome and out comes this adorable piece of art. However this game does have a couple of flaws such as being too short(only took me a little over 3 hours on my first run) & you fight the same boss 7 times but it has more attack patterns on each boss fight so its not TOO tedious as I found the boss fights pretty fun.Despite those 2 small issues, I would definitely recommend this game for anyone who loves retro games :D"
76561198032632811,Not Recommended,319140,28552213,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CasualCheetah,"I wanted to really enjoy this game, being a huge fan of Metroid, but I found the controls to be unsatisfying and the start of the game to be punishing and check-pointless, repetitive."
,Not Recommended,319140,14891571,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Starman,"Not worth the little time the game can give you. It's flat out boring. The enemies are boring. The bosses ( I am sorry, I should say boss, as I fought the same exact boss for the fifth time in a row just with a different color) is annoying, and the game is just a grind to play through.It isn't worth the $10. $3-5, sure, but not $10.It sucks too because the game has such a cool premise and customization situation."
76561198228326332,Not Recommended,319140,20674925,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Benderew,"I really want to like this game because it looks fun however theres some problems that really get to me. The controls are so slippery! by pressing the right arrow, your character moves way to quickly and can easily slide off ledges after jumping. I have died many times due to the weird controls and it could be a lot better with a few tweaks.Also there shouldnt be a stage select screen if you need upgrades in order to progresss further in the stages. This gives the game a pointless backtracking feal, i only want to complete the level not have to leave it many times to get equipment that i need! Maybe once ive got into this game a little more i will change my review but for now its not that great and could be much better in terms of control.Buy on the sale 5/10"
,Not Recommended,319140,28338154,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Zaph,"Game doesn't even control very good, and the beginning part of the game is just pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Tried to actually look up how long this game is...It's 3 hours long...Yeah i'm not gonna bother keeping this game in my account."
,Recommended,319140,29775679,Posted: 7 February,all,Chemical Taint,"Mega Man, Metroid and Blaster Master baby"
76561198388245615,Not Recommended,319140,33663659,Posted: 19 July,all,Alteredbeast7861,game has awful effects with the animation my 3ds runs it better for some reason maybe me got a bad port id stay away gameplay is a 3 out of 10 graphics 7 out of 10 story is lacking not worth a buy
,Not Recommended,319140,32853721,Posted: 27 June,all,fletcher_renn,"controls are very sensitive, each boss is unoriginal, very short, and the backtracking is not done well at all."
76561198025220566,Not Recommended,319140,15921274,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,jafewohag,"Sweet demo.  Can't wait for the full game!  Oh, that's it?  We'll there's like a NG+ mode right?  No?  Um....  Replay value?  No?  Alright...  Why is this not just some free flash game?PLEASE EXPAND GAME!"
,Not Recommended,319140,33702594,Posted: 21 July,all,N00byGamerPlayz,I would love this game but honestly it has repetitive bosses. If you like it it's ok.
,Not Recommended,319140,35188820,Posted: 24 September,all,eparadoxon,"Nice and sweet designed but in gameplay extremely optionless hard button smasher, lead to frusturation when you are not skilled and lucky enough to master the bosses."
76561198158245812,Recommended,319140,17212826,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,sushicatseth,A very good game that I enjoyed thoroughly!
,Recommended,319140,17612067,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Grehg,"Bought this on sale. and it was well worth $2.50! I haven't played super metroid, and I'm a bit fledgling when it comes to the metroid-vania genre, but it seemed to stay true to it's roots, and was simplistic and welcoming.  The phasing mechanic from background to foreground was really clever.  Each boss is nearly the same, but with more mechanics introduced each time, which was pretty challenging to me.  Not to compare apples to oranges, but I think I had more fun with this than Guacamelee, another metroid-vania game I really liked."
76561197996866306,Recommended,319140,17636515,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shambles,"This game was short, but enjoyable.  It's well worth the price I got it for on sale, though I don't think the price when not on sale is quite worth it.  A couple enemies were slightly rage-inducing, but I did manage to beat the entire game after a total of about three hours.  If you have a gamepad, it's highly recommended for the total ""old-school console"" feel for this game."
76561197992587308,Not Recommended,319140,14903368,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,succ,"It's okay, I guess. The main mechanics and platforming is fine, but it's really short and there's barely anything to do. No real enemy variety, either. Feels like a freeware game. 10 dollaroos, at least, is way too much for it."
,Not Recommended,319140,14672070,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ph0Noodles,"Too damn short for $9.99. This game is simply not worth the price. I would only recommend it at $1.99 tops. I'm a huge fan of metroidvania style games and this game feels more like a demo. I should have done more research about the game length and boss battles, but I feel ripped off. Renegade Kids is a developer to avoid."
,Not Recommended,319140,17112730,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,William Shakesman,A Metroid-esque game with the bare minimum of effort and excitement in it at the minimum of cost. It does nothing badly but it does nothing especially well. Completely forgettable.
,Not Recommended,319140,28715583,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LegoMarioz🚬,"A very short game, little to no replay ability. I'm sorry I don't recomend this game for those reasons. I only recomend if this game is on sale for $1 to $2 not $10.99, get the game on sale like I did."
76561198052517458,Not Recommended,319140,17786920,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Bliss,Controls kinda ruined it. No ability to control how high you jump. Can't run while shooting straight up.
,Recommended,319140,17167671,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Yobby,"Pretty good, pretty difficult. This is one of those games that, while I ADORE everything about, I can't handle playing for more than a half an hour at a time. If you liked Castle in the Darkness but wish it was closer to Super Metroid, you'll like this.The visuals are great and feel very NES-era metroid. The textures never feel out of place. And speaking of things not feeling out of place, this game NEVER places pixels off their fake low-resoultion grid. If you're not sure what I'm talking about, look to this link:https://40.media.tumblr.com/9cc4c025966d531f67114a1376b3038d/tumblr_nrvhu58SHx1s4hwodo1_1280.pngIts one of those ""Oh? Couldn't beat that boss? Cry me a river."" type of games that forces you to actually learn from your mistakes in order to improve. You WILL die multiple times on each boss and area.I'm not too far in as of the writing of this review, but I've seen enough to know what to expect from it. If my opinions change, it'll be edited."
,Recommended,319140,17560272,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,soviet☭warrior,A solid Metroidvania/IGAvania game with a unique weapon upgrade system.  The game is fairly simple overall but it has all the elements needed for a Metroidvania.  Its map system is straight out of Metroid with plenty of secret rooms to find and its controls are solid.  There are hundreds of possible upgrade combinations for your gun with multiple levels of speed\damage\spread\etc that you can change at any time.  Its a short game but for only $2.49 (on sale) it's a great value.
,Recommended,319140,22487701,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,Just the right price for something small and quirky that is more linear than it might look and a tad frustrating.
76561198048683955,Recommended,319140,22683823,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ALFOMBRA GUITARIO,"If you enjoy metroid, you will enjoy this. It introduces some cool concepts but it is too short."
76561197976601091,Recommended,319140,22815744,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Raven,"Absolutely beautiful retro-style metroid-vania.The presentation is very Metroid, and the control is great. A neat on-the-fly weapon-customization point system makes the weapon-play pretty spot-on.The difficulty is rather on the easy side and the game is fairly short. Also, all the bosses are all the same. Get used to seeing that big bug thing in the promo video quite a lot.I would recommend this game if you can get it on the cheap."
76561198073825693,Recommended,319140,23062359,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,¢ÒÓ£ $p0†,"Xeodrifter is an absolute amazing 90's Style Sidescroll Crawler like the Metroid Series are on the well known Systems.BGM & Soundtrack fits the atmosphere and is oldschool composed like it has to be.You need a hard frustfactor skin, because the game is hard like Megaman & Metroid together. The first Boss needs me 3 lifes to get him down. :)Facit: Retrofans from the Megaman & Metroid series, take it or regret it! This game is every cent worth!"
,Recommended,319140,23108536,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,m1k,"A fun little Metroid clone you can beat in an afternoon.Not worth $10, but pick it up on sale if you are a fan of these types of games and you won't be disappointed. There are some mechanics present here that are new to the metroidvania genre, or at least very seldomly used, and these mechanics are executed very well.Worth a look!"
,Recommended,319140,23120350,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ACK S-Ray101,A great and spectacular game
76561198301517368,Recommended,319140,23194867,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,aisellers666,This game has some classic metroid action.The pros areSweet and original item upgrades. The item where you can enter the background is genius.Cool retro graphics.Some pretty good secrets.Good enemies.The weapon combos are really sweet.The cons areToo short(even shorter than original nes metroid)Same boss( but he does evolve every time into cooler forms)No touch sensitive jump. (You jump the same height no mater what but it really isn't too hard to dial in)Overall this game is pretty enjoyable although I may be biased because I love metroid. 3.7/5
,Recommended,319140,23542193,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,mxcss86,Great game
,Recommended,319140,23598709,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mr. T-Rex,"Short and just a tad redundant with the bosses being all the same, but otherwise, this is a really enjoyable Metroidvania with some unique ideas for powerups and an interesting way of customizing your protagonist and thereby the way you play. Plenty of fun!"
,Recommended,319140,22221066,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,scarypotato,"If you liked the original NES Metroid, you should get this game!Like any metroidvania, you'll have to gain power-ups before accessing certain areas.The graphics are okay, but a bit simplistic (imagine it would look great on the 3DS screen). There is a certain charm to having such tiny graphics though. The sound/music seem to fit nicely as well.The one thing I wasn't a fan of is the movement. It feels deliberately soft with the slight acceleration/deceleration, and for a game with such small graphics it could have done without that feature. Of course, that's just my opinion!It's my understanding that Renegade Kid made this game in something like 5 months, and with that in mind, I think it's a really good accomplishment! Overall, it's a fun little exploration game that'll keep you entertained for a few hours :)"
76561198013513985,Recommended,319140,20452914,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tinker_Toy_Boy,"awesome game if you like the original Metroid, Castlevania and Legend of Zelda games.  This is the old school ""can't access everything in any stage until you get all the powers"".  So you do revisit the main 3 stages a lot but I enjoyed the heck out of this throwback.  Great controls and good thing cause some of it can be a little demanding but nothing unbeatable.  Only took a couple of hours to beat btw so maybe wait for sale (10 bucks is a bit much for just one afternoon to my thrifty thinking.)"
76561198031748281,Recommended,319140,20590045,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Thekid,everything a metroid fan could ask for.
76561198241363584,Recommended,319140,17270378,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,mariogamer10,"Xeodrifter really tries to bring this game to Metroid basics. I have never played a Metroid game ever, but this was a great experience. The weapon customization really impressed me for how balanced it was. There are lots of secrets to find hidden EVERYWHERE. Xeodrifter contains its difficulty while still being fun with great gameplay mechanics. The only con are the bosses being too similar like having the same design. I wish to see a sequel to Xeodrifter because I surely enjoyed it. 8.5/10"
76561198095109506,Recommended,319140,17703157,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,"""The"" SeanMacLeod",Metroid-y as all hell andAWESOME FOR IT!
76561197969427154,Recommended,319140,19784725,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,вıɢ воѕѕ,"It's a metroidvanian game allright, but it's way too short. I bought it for 2,24 € (-85%) but it's not  14,99 € worth."
,Recommended,319140,19860962,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Steviemon,"A short but sweet experience. Only took me two runs or 5-6 hours to get all the steam achievements, but I did enjoy the time I had with it. The boss battles were a bit dull, since the same boss is reused but with a slightly more complex pattern each time, but apart from that, I just enjoyed the retro platforming action."
,Recommended,319140,19883194,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Optimus_Mega,"The game is over before you know it. A quick Snack in between all those other games you may be playing, and more of a break from the highly standardized world of mainstream gaming. The controls are nice, but the lack of creativity with bosses can feel rather dull if you were hoping for more varied fights. The game is tough for how short it is when compared to other metroidvania games. The lack of Save Points force you to become extremely adaptive in many of the situations you'll be put through in this snippet of a game. I will probably play this game again; but the progression is too linear in a sense of how you go from Power Up to place to power up. I was hoping for something more open than to be wardened off each planet that I did not have the prescribed power for. I can recommend this game for people looking for something short and sweet to give to a friend, or play for themselves on those long train rides."
,Recommended,319140,20170056,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rexstardust,"A fun Metroid type game. Since it has music by Brian Altano in it, it is better than all the other Metroid clones."
,Recommended,319140,17554208,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Zael,"Absolutely brilliant, well polished, Metroidvania-style game with innovative mechanics. Heartily recommended."
76561198027339594,Recommended,319140,17564221,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,lordgorash,"Great snack. Difficulty curve is inverted, hard in the beginning, trivial in the end. Still, the essence of what such a game should look like."
76561198149489637,Recommended,319140,17565172,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,DuctTape144,"It's fun, for the cheap price, but it's short and pretty hard. Frustating."
76561197990194469,Recommended,319140,17569013,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Varshyl,"Good game but bit short, was fairly challenging at start.  I'd recommend it only if it's at $5 or less."
,Recommended,319140,17569792,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AdronSans,It's too short!! Everything else about it is great to me. I request (demand?) an EPIC sequel; I'd pay good $ for that.
,Recommended,319140,17574849,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Siege,"Picked this up for about $4 on the latest Digital Devolver sale.Pros:Tight, responsive controls.The in-game map is a solid clone of Super Metroid's map.The weapon upgrade system encourages experimentation and has multiple setups so you can quickly swap between the three options depending on the situation.The game doesn't outstay its welcome. If doubled in length, the game would have worn thin.Cons:No controls for cycling weapons and solar flare, requiring the player to access the menu to change.Two of the weapon upgrades are pretty useless. The game was completeable without shot speed or spread. Wave, Power, and rapid fire were sufficient.Bosses are palette swaps, each adding on one new ability along with the previous bosses.The four worlds are small, and nondistinct outside of color.Enemies are simple, and mostly uninteresting.The game is completable in part of an afternoon. A slightly longer end-game to play with all of the acquired abilities in concert would have been welcome."
,Recommended,319140,17577619,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AversionFX,"I picked this up on a whim (75% off), and was pleased with it. I don't really care for elaborate reviews, so I'll keep it simple.THE GOOD:-The soundtrack is awesome. These feel like tunes that would've been stuck in my head from 1991.-The weapon upgrade system is neat. It allows you to really tailor your approach.-The gameplay. This is pretty solid Metroidvania.-Linear difficulty curve. For an afternoon play, I got enough challenging spots without getting frustrated.THE NOT-SO-GOOD:-The weapon upgrade system. 3 of your 5 upgrades are worthless. Faster projectiles, maybe. But the angled shots? Why bother. Wave shot was helpful for exactly 1 enemy in the game.-Storyline. There isn't one.-The backtracking. Metroidvania-style games are notorious for this. However, the upgrades you get are used in every single level. So it's essentially trial-and-error to find the level that you can progress the furthest in with the set of upgrades you have.-The same creature is used for every single boss fight. Enemies are recycled in every single level.-The levels look different, but ultimately play out exactly the same.-The game is very short. I registered 4.9 hours, and that's only because I spent a good chunk of that making dinner and watching TV with my girlfriend.-A lot of wasted potential."
,Recommended,319140,17578818,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,fraxyl,"If you love metroid games, this is probably up your alley. Not a long and complex game, but still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,319140,17617788,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,eduardo.omine,"Well executed Metroidvania-style game. The lack of checkpoints can be annoying/frustrating sometimes, but overall the game experience is very nice. I highly enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,319140,17633813,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,christoffer.green,"A very good game. Has a nice short length to it, it isnt any longer then it needs to be. There is little new in here that wasnt already seen in super metroid, but it has been so long since then that it doesnt matter, it's just fun to go on another sci-fi adventure against alien bugs in a labyrinthean cave."
76561198012766423,Recommended,319140,17762517,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MiOdd,"I like to think of this game as a mini Metroid; it's not as involved but the inspiration is clear.The game features gorgeous pixel art, a fitting chiptune soundtrack, and most importantly, fun action/platforming gameplay.I highly recommend."
76561197977407986,Recommended,319140,17847543,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Temetis,My Review.
76561198043546005,Recommended,319140,17854879,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ecrawford23,"Rocket jump? Check, Super running across lava run? Check, Upgradeable weapons? also a check just get it if you want some nostalgia fun."
76561198068250598,Recommended,319140,17938008,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Otef,"If you need a Metroid fix this is alright, but it looks to me as if little thought was put into the moment to moment mechanics of basic treking through caves. Basic enemies have nothing to offer besides being bullet sponges."
,Recommended,319140,18032215,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,jax0047,"Overall and fun Metroidvania. And a real Metroidvania in a sea of wannabees. Interesting powerups and enemies. The graphics are fantastic. The downside: Too short and not enough enemies. Also save/checkpoints can be frustratingly far away. As many people have noted, there's only 1 boss, but he comes at you with new patterns every time. By the end you'll be amazed at how many patterns you've learned to dodge, I think it's great."
,Recommended,319140,18143092,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,cdaddr,"Good:Fun upgrades - the gun system is interesting, even though half of the upgrades feel useless compared to ""make my gun stronger/shoot faster"" and I never used them.  The movement upgrades are slight twists on the standard stuff you find in Metroidvania, but they were fun, especially the planar shift, which was definitely cool.Interesting map design - backtracking is necessary to get things that you unlock with powerups (this is a Metroidvania after all) and it never really feels boring to do so.  There are a few complex moves you need to pull off to cross some lava areas.Nice retro asthetic.  The music didn't blow me away, but it was OK.Bad:VERY short - This is basically a 3 hour game, if you 100% it.Monster variety is lacking, especially in the boss department.  You'll see what I mean.The difficulty is pretty low.  If you want a serious challenge you probably won't find it.  (However there's kind of an artificial difficulty spike due to save point spacing right at the end that was a bit annoying.)Worth a few dollars?  Sure.  I had fun with it."
76561198068392282,Recommended,319140,18465366,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,CUTTA,God damn good game damnit !!!
76561198168254517,Recommended,319140,18479742,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,gam3rz3r0,"I Liked this game very much, my only complaints are that it's too short and the bosses are lazily done. Overall i recommend it to anyone who like Metroidvainias."
,Recommended,319140,18532746,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sir Fancy,"Great metroidvania. I love metroid-style games, and I love incredibly hard games, and this satisfied my thirst. Although this game was shorter than an AAA game, it is definitely worth playing. Don't listen to the over-critical negative reviews."
,Recommended,319140,18799386,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,One Armed Pundit,Interesting Metroidvania. Way better than Mutant Mudds.
,Recommended,319140,31713794,Posted: 12 May,all,Kickem,noice
,Recommended,319140,32744565,Posted: 24 June,all,minecraft gamer pc 64,is  very nice game
,Recommended,319140,18807094,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Argoth,"IntroductionA short but sweet homage and excellent rendition of not only Metroid, but an underrated era of 2D games that existed during the tragically short GBA era of gaming history.MechanicsPrecise and satisfying, the simple controls are easy to learn and satisfying to execute. Several types of enemies and varied bosses to fight, in tough but fair bouts that feel rewarding due to how excellently the physics are implemented. Controller implementation is a bit lacking.GraphicsPerfectly recreates the look and feel of the GBA era of video games. The sprite art is self limited to capture the 16 bit look, but still has a modern flair that looks beautiful. Many homages to Metroid enemies and items, faithfully recreated for nostalgic value.SoundThe music does not capture the same effortless atmosphere and mood of the Metroid series, but is still of high quality. All sound effects have a satisfying punch to them and help to carry the experience forward.ConclusionIf you ever owned a handheld Nintendo system, were ever a fan of Metroid, or indeed enjoy any short and sweet video game experience, I highly recommend this game."
76561197987910606,Not Recommended,319140,25797482,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dogsonofawolf,An astoundingly simple Metroid impersonator that lacks the richness of atmosphere and depth of exploration that makes that series' weaknesses forgivable.  The game provides you with no guidance on anything and every facet can still be discovered in 10 minutes; that's really all there is to this game. Not worth any non-zero amount of money.
,Recommended,319140,22103649,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Laruhama,"Ignore the hours total, I've put in about 40 between the PS Vita and PS4 versions.What can I honestly say about this game? It's a little unique indie gem. A Metroid-style shooter with its own flavor. If you don't own it, then what in the hell is wrong with you? It's awesome!!!(Axiom Verge is also awesome, so buy that too.)"
76561198052657232,Not Recommended,319140,29774425,Posted: 7 February,all,Kasdarack,"So close.Xeodrifter is ...almost there. It has all of the elements that make a Metroidish game, but lacks something in every department.Controls: Once I mapped the directional pad to my analong stick the controls responded well. However, the lack of diagonals and the fixed jump height are kinda unforgivable in 201X and hurt playability. Almost every type of special movement being mapped to B instead of making use of the left shoulder button hurt as well.Features: Pretty standard fare for health, 1 = 1 and all. The weapon upgrade system was neat in theory, but in actuality you're never going to allocate points to at least two of the gimmicks. The ""suit"" upgrades are also standard fare, which isn't bad but there was not much original about the game. Worth noting is the ability to shift from fore to background, which is probably the best executed of the upgrades.Graphics: Neat little 8-bit style graphics, if a bit bland in spots. The ability to shift focus from foreground to background was kinda cool and done well from a graphical standpoint and deserves some praise. Some bits look like they were ripped straight from Metroid which I have mixed feelings about because hey, at least they looked good. The primary weapon could have used better looking bullets.Sound: The music was pretty atrocious. Just a bar or two repeating for each of the zones. The SFX were also bland and repetitive to the point of annoyance. This is one area where the game could use some work by someone experienced in SFX and soundtrack. It is possible that the DLC addresses this; I can't say as I didn't spend the extra dollar.Now... the worst bit. There are very few enemy types and only one of the standard enemies has any sort of intelligent attack pattern. The Bosses are... all the same boss but with one extra type of ability thrown into the mix and enough extra HP each time to make sure they go through the list of all of the previous attack types. This is unfortunate as unique bosses really would have helped this game feel a little dynamic.I really want to give this game a positive review and a recommend as it is right on the verge of being a cool game. But in honesty I feel more like I wasted a few hours of my day than I do satisfied that I finished it.  For the price on sale I don't feel like I wasted money, but I wish I had those hours back."
76561197996630152,Recommended,319140,33297610,Posted: 5 July,all,V Viper,"Xeodrifter is a fairly uninspired Metroid clone, without enough unique twists or personal style to really make it stand out. Still, if you're gonna rip off something, Metroid's a pretty good base to use, and the result is still somewhat amusing (if you can get it at a reduced price).If I were to make a direct comparison to any Metroid game, Xeodrifter is probably most like Metroid Prime 3: instead of one large world consisting of tunnels and caves all networked together, the game is split up into several smaller labyrinthine worlds, and you can travel between them using your spaceship in the main hub screen. Unfortunately, unlike Prime 3, each world only has a single teleporter that will let you return to your ship, and your ship is the only place you can save your game and fully restore your health. Each world isn't overly large so you won't have to backtracktoomuch to return to your vessel, but it still would've been nice if there had been more docking ports unlocked as you progressed.Gameplay is pretty standard Metroid fare too. That classic feeling of excitement, knowing that you've discovered new powers and can use them to reach places you couldn't before, never really gets old. Still, Xeodrifter does almost nothing to make it stand out from its inspiration. The only thing it does that's kind of original is its weapon upgrade system, which allows you to allot upgrade points to your firearm in one of 5 different categories: projectile speed, damage, rate of fire, spread, and wave. You can add and remove points from each category freely, and even save up to 3 presets. I enjoyed experimenting and seeing which combination worked best in various combat situations.One combat situation that came up often was boss fights, or rather a single boss fight repeated throughout the game. Yes, there's only one boss that you fight time after time, which is something a lot of reviewers have taken issue with. It's a little odd, but I didn't really hate it, as each time the boss shows up again, it's learned a few new techniques. By the end of the game, its moveset is vast, and I enjoyed applying my accumulated knowledge of all its various tells in order to defeat it. I wouldn't have minded a few completely unique bosses, sure, but I didn't have a huge problem with the method the developers ultimately used.Before concluding this review, and without giving too much away, I'd like to briefly mention the ending of the game. Xeodrifter is generally fairly bright and cutesy, but this is in stark contrast to an event at its climax. It presents a moment with some emotional impact on the player, but then fails to explore it, quickly sweeping the moment under the rug and returning to the game's usual happy-go-lucky ways for the credits. I'll give the developers credit for crafting a scenario that stuck in my mind, but I felt it was a mistake: adding this moment seemed unnecessary and only serves to slightly sour the overall experience.In the end, I think Xeodrifter isjustworthy of recommendation, but only on sale. The crude graphics and sound, on par with a very early Game Boy Advance game, won't impress anyone. And even if you're a slowpoke like me and take your time checking and re-checking every corner of the game world for secrets, you're probably only going to wring about 3 hours out of the experience at most, with seemingly no post-game content to keep you coming back. Still, I can't deny that I had fun playing it. It may not be that soothing ointment that cures you of your Metroid itch, but Xeodrifter will give it a brief scratch if desired."
76561197962656481,Not Recommended,319140,29728254,Posted: 5 February,all,Turk182,"Broken controls, unplayable. Refunded."
76561197970859560,Not Recommended,319140,29676259,Posted: 3 February,all,Bee,"Sloppy controls, fixed jump height (this alone is unforgiveable), linear progression disguised as metroidvania, dull level design, repetitive, artifically-extended boss fights, nearly no enemy variety, paucity of health restores and save points. Expect lots of back-tracking and cheap deaths."
,Not Recommended,319140,34246573,Posted: 14 August,all,_Spookskrieg,"This game is trying its best to be good, but it just isn't.The controls are frusterating.The worlds that need other worlds to be completed don't state which ones need done, so for the first 40 mins of the game you are stuck in trial and error trying to figure out which world you start in.And after that first world is completed you have to trial and error your way to the second world, and to the third, fourth, etc.The game has really good level design and level styles, but what does the art help when the game cannot be played?This game was not a good trip.3/10 Far below average."
76561198042418133,Recommended,319140,14009117,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,brimby,"Very playable and fun rip-off, er I mean homage, to Metroid/Megaman, though a tad on the short side. Here's my review of Xeodrifter:http://indieruckus.com/xeodrifter-trademarked-review"
,Not Recommended,319140,14848114,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,GuyInDogSuit,"This game is terrible. I honestly wish I hadn't wasted $10 on this. It tries so hard to be a Metroidvania but fails miserably. There's no point in destroying any enemies unless they're in your way, and some enemies take a ridiculous amount of shots to kill. You get gun upgrades but they really don't help. The gun, by the way, sucks♥♥♥♥♥ It shoots slow, and with each upgrade it increases the distance and speed by a little bit. Whoop-de-freakin' doo. There are special items you get that are actually kind of cool, like a phaser that lets you jump back and forth between the background and foreground. However, you will get lost. Constantly. Every upgrade you get just means more backtracking between the four planets, until you figure out or remember where you're supposed to use the new upgrade. Seriously, I regret buying this. I recommend spending your time and money on something like Valdis Story instead."
,Recommended,319140,13344901,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,outside998,"Very fun little Metroidvania game. A few challenging spots and nice powerups which are very nicely implemented into the game play.Extremely short, however, finished the game on my first run in 2 hours."
76561198062066292,Not Recommended,319140,21221537,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,doom 2 ost,"xeodrifter is basically the next sonic - it's fast, it's visually appealing, it sucks"
76561198170281790,Not Recommended,319140,24212064,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,themoltenpegasus,"WHY IS THIS SO DIFFICULT I DIED ATLEAST 27 TIMES, LOOK AT THE TIME I'VE PLAYED. IT'S 40 MINIUTES. Also sorry for yelling i forgot to turn off caps. Also i coudn't understand the controlls."
76561198016128990,Recommended,319140,29176169,Posted: 10 January,all,hangeronastove,Very weak Metroidvania elements but the phase shift ability is inventive and fun. Get it for $5 if you can. See my article about it here:http://coreyotm.com/2017/01/11/xeodrifter/
,Recommended,319140,25418472,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,little five star review for a little five star game.✮✮✮✮✮
,Recommended,319140,15239752,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,KOTH_Krunch,"this game needs a little work, but it's awesome. the graphics are lovely, the music is better, and it's REALLY HARD! :) all in all, i love this game."
,Recommended,319140,15482697,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,~R!ch@rdPh@tt~,"good concept just way too short, not a $10 game, might pay 4 or 5 for it..."
76561197987498188,Recommended,319140,15979262,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scythe1344,A very nice and challenging Metroidvania game.The looks and sounds match the genre well.
76561197970306727,Recommended,319140,15989162,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dalomarius,"Very fun game.  Controls, art, music, difficulty level make this game perfect!  A true Metroid/Platformer.  My only knock on this game is that I completed this in what seems like 2 hours.....More content would have been nice.  Glad I paid $3.39 for it.  8/10  (10/10 if it had more content)"
,Recommended,319140,15306939,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,edgeblade,"Xeodrifter takes a lot of inspiration from the original Metroid though with later entries advances like a map, checkpoints, and save points. The gameplay is challenging but still fun at the same time. Sometimes it can be tough to figure out what to do next if you don't remember to backtrack to previously explored planets to use your newfound powerups, but that's half the fun. The bosses while visually similar keep employing new tactics to keep you on your toes and you will have to use most (if not all) of your powerups to succeed. It's a relatively short game, but well worth the $9.99 in my opinion.  It took me about 4 hours to finish and I missed two health upgrades, which I have no idea where they could be. There are several hidden areas in the game as well, so maybe they were hidden somewhere. If you figure an average movie runs you $20+ at a theater and you might get 2 hours out of it, you're getting double your value out of Xeodrifter for half the price. If you like Metroid style games, you'll like Xeodrifter."
,Recommended,319140,15561753,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Revenant,"Xeodrifter is a short but sweet Metroid-like game where the player must explore 4 unique planets to find new abilities and a number of power-ups in order to find their way home. Taking a page out of Metroid Fusion the map is separated into 4 different sections with a hub (the players ship) rather than the Super Metroid approach of a single interconnected world. Each of these levels has a number of routes which can be opened with new abilities and contain power-ups to give the player an easier time.Xeodrifter controls rather well but does suffer from a slightly floaty feel in regards to the movement. Having only used an Xbox controller I found it intuitive but would probably advise against using a keyboard.One of the power-ups the player can find is a Gun Mod. Each of these is a single point which can be used to customize the way your weapon functions. By mixing and matching these point (which can be refunded and re-added at any point) you will be able to increase the damage, firing rate and spread or even make the bullets fire in a sine wave. You can also save 3 varieties of firing modes for quick use in the future.The planets are filled with a wide array of beasts which will try and impede your progress, many of which have attack patterns players which have experienced a Metroid game will recognize. All of them have different ways of hindering the player and there was rarely a time I found myself annoyed at their placement in the world.The downside to this game is of course its length, you can probably beat this game in well under 3 hours. There is also only a single boss to battle. However each time you fight it there is a new move or 2 added to its library, making it slightly more difficult. Another variety of boss or two would have helped keep it fresh though.A final complaint is the construction of the fourth world. While all of the others have a few branching or looping paths this one is almost entirely linear. This planet just doesn't seem to have had the same attention put into its creation which is a bit of a shame.Overall anyone who is a fan of Metroid-like platform games should definitely check this one out and not be put off by the short playtime provided. Xeodrifter, while short, does not overstay its welcome and the abilities you collect from the bosses make revisiting old locations for new gear a joy."
,Recommended,319140,16836477,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Frostilyte,"A short and well crafted Metroid-like game. Xeodrifter is basically a mini-metroid game meaning it heavily focuses on exploration and backtracking to find hidden goodies. I really enjoyed the well crafted levels as they helped create a feeling of organic exploration throughout the game. I also found the equipment system (or however you'd like to address it) very interesting and appreciated that I was able to customize certain aspects of how my character shot bullets at enemies.As a warning, Xeodrifter only takes 2-3 hours to complete, so if you will feel shafted buying it for 10$ (or your regional equivalent) I would recommend getting it on sale. Otherwise, if you tend to enjoy metroid-like or metroid-vania games this may be a game that you'd enjoy."
,Recommended,319140,15279780,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,bertaschramm,"Good: Great ""metroidish"" game, but with a new twist. Espescially the feature to switch between foreground and background is awesome. Great level design. Great pixel art. Cool music. Very fun and rewarding.Not so good: Fullscreen mode does not work when having high DPI mode enabled in Windows. You only see the upper left part of the actual game. There is only one boss enemy that you have to beat 7 times. It does have some new tricks every time, but it is still the same sprite every time, just a different color. A little more variety would have been nice. Some overpowered enemies (the pink fly).Bad: No save points, only check points before and after each boss fight. Because of that, you will have to repeat some sections very often because you cannot save and the enemies do not drop any health pickups. There are some hidden health stashes, but those a pretty rare and most of the time not in the place where you would need them. This is what bothered me most. I don't like repetitions, even if it was state of the art back in the 8-Bit days. This is one thing I do not miss from those times. ;-)Conclusion: Looking forward to a sequel!"
,Recommended,319140,16068142,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,pokusan,"Xeodrifter is a lot of fun, but is a little short. Let's make a quick list for you.Good:- Gun upgrades - They are kind of ambiguous, but it actually forces you to try out the different combos of how you can create your gun and allows you to choose really different build paths. Pretty cool feature!- Fun skills - You pick up skills as you progress through the game that not only help you through levels, but help you do them quicker and more efficiently. You can also manipulate them creatively to take on bosses!- Secret rooms - If you're anything like me, you'll love finding the secret rooms in here. The first secret room I stumbled upon was completely by accidentjump-running into a wall. See what you can find!- Level builds (also see ""not so good"") - The level builds are creative and once you start earning your upgrades, you're going to really appreciate the way they are constructed. There aren't many levels, but you'll be able to revisit them with your upgrades to explore even more!- Achievements - GET THEM!Not So Good:- Short game - I don't have much time down on this game and once it was done, I found myself hoping there was more, like maybe some extra content once it's beaten.- Level builds - Some of the levels builds are pretty in-depth, which is pretty awesome while you're exploring, but when going back to look for secret rooms or upgrades, some of the levels can be really long and it takes a long time to get back to the spot where you would find the secret/upgrade. I found myself sort of annoyed that I had to go through that level and run all the way back just for 1 item. Having said that, it's not a terrible feature, just ""not so good.""- Boss algorithms don't change much - [Minor Spoiler]The bosses are pretty much the same boss, but a different color, which doesn't create a ton of variety. They do, however, (after this first boss) add on to the previous boss' repertoir, so while the algorithms do change a bit, there is a bit of familiararity of skills. I could be a cool feature, but by the end of the game, it wasn't hard to take down the last boss becase you pretty much know what he is going to use the whole time.Though I wouldn't say that it necessarily takes away from the boss fights being fun.Overall, 8/10. Wish there was more, but I was engaged and excited every time I was playing this game. The devs definitely get props for this one. They made this game so refreshing and fun."
76561198011980100,Recommended,319140,16644507,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jegendron,"Renegade kid is AMAZING!! This game is very similar to Metroid, yet it has its own elements of gameplay (like running and screen jumping). This isn't as hard as Metroid, but it is still a solid challenge; highly recommended!!!"
76561198047125544,Recommended,319140,17023486,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CherryCosmos,"Very nice little metroidvania with interesting mechanics. Leaves you wanting more, but that is mostly a good thing when you have hundreds of games on Steam."
,Not Recommended,319140,29722086,Posted: 5 February,all,D3adsh0t,"totally not recommended.yeah, slippery controls and fixed jump height. this game just hopes for your nostalgia to kick in and ignore all its problems. and for that matter most of the deaths feel kind of cheap. a game just by being ""nes-styled"" and ""metroid-vania""-type isnt always good this is one of these cases . it is not worth it. not even on sale i got it for a euro and i hate myself for that. nostalgia got the better of me... FYI to switch controller options only from a windowed instance (smart)."
,Recommended,319140,17533069,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,12p Ronald,Grab this on sale if you're looking for some quick Metroid.
76561198083838812,Not Recommended,319140,35193903,Posted: 24 September,all,throwingstock,My initial thoughts... Reminds me of the original metroid game except..... Well... Metroid was actually fun.I  haven't played tooooooo much so ymmv.I'll update this review if i invest some more hours but it's not likely lol
,Recommended,319140,13323191,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TonkatsuRamen,"After a hint from the developer I was able to find the options menu and the game runs now perfectly. Even controller support is working 100%. Finally I can enjoy the game and give it a thumbs up!Was able to kill the first boss and jump around, surely feels like Super Metroid with less pixelcount. But it feels good :)"
,Recommended,319140,17558988,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mon Zombo,"Beat it in 3 hours with 94% completion, and was engaging and fun the whole time.I paid 2.50€ for it which was absolutely worth it, however I'm not sure I'd pay the full price of 9.99€Either way, it's a good game, it has interesting mechanics and it doesn't outstay its welcome.If you have a 3DS you should probably consider getting that version, as it makes use of the 3D effects, and the interface is designed with a 3DS in mind (In that version you can equip and unequip stuff on the lower screen while the game runs; in this version you have to pause)"
,Not Recommended,319140,32776910,Posted: 25 June,all,Wobbly Python,Arbitrarily difficult metroidvania.Probably fine if you hate yourself.
,Recommended,319140,16043394,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ekolis,"If you loved Metroid, you'll love Xeodrifter as well. It's got the same exploration-rewarding run-and-gun gameplay, the same feeling of isolation on a distant world, and it brings a few nifty new mechanics to the mix, like the ""plane shift"" ability which lets you move between the foreground and the background, and the customizable weapon loadouts. Well, I suppose Super Metroid let you customize your weapons, but not to the degree that this game does! Just two downsides - the maps are a bit small, and teleporters (from which you can access your ship to save) are few and far between."
,Not Recommended,319140,17756974,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,So boring I can't even make myself finish it. I regret buying it.3/10
,Not Recommended,319140,13420537,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,harmonica,pretty underwhelming game. you fight the same and only boss 7 times. not very good do avoid.
76561198001788291,Recommended,319140,17873371,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Neins,A good game with many thoughts.It would be better if there're more different bosses.
,Recommended,319140,23816754,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ROFISH,"A great little Metroidvania clone (closer the Metroid). Well worth the 2 hours I played to beat it.This is either an upside or a downside depending on how you look at it, but there's only one boss that gets tougher and more moves each time you see it; no unique bosses. You do get to learn it's moveset quite well though."
76561197977097039,Recommended,319140,23798778,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dat 605 Life,"I found Xeodrifter to be a very enjoyable Metroid-like game, with the background-switching element of Mutant Mudds Deluxe added in and further developed. For what its worth, it feels like the game is a bit too brief in length of time to completion, but I still appreciate the straightforward arcade feel. I look forward to the next game developed by Renegade Kid."
,Recommended,319140,26257141,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jaspurr,"Very metroidvania. A little confusing at first, but then it speeds up a lot once you get into the action. I definitely recommend it."
76561198320715689,Recommended,319140,25992222,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,mikedods,Great Game! Quite an amazing follow up to Mutant Mudds
,Recommended,319140,24944080,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Brandonius,Great little metroidvania style game. Challenging but fun. The gameplay is a little short at around 2 hours. Pretty much everything the game has to offer is shown in the trailers. Recommended during a sale.
76561198007817556,Recommended,319140,24441234,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,AaToSMeD,I can also play this on my N3DSXL. Wonderful game! 'Nuff said!
76561198306713064,Recommended,319140,24665413,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dodoislow,Ok while i had trouble at first with this game. I began to love it. I played back on my old ateam account and i get to finally play it again
76561198103274568,Recommended,319140,23049820,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LeVi,"I like it but, where the controller compatibility at?"
,Recommended,319140,24904493,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hacksoi,I really love this game. It was fun and challenging. A lot of content packed into a short and sweet package.
76561197997432749,Recommended,319140,33575327,Posted: 15 July,all,asakazekun,"A metroidvania game needs story, art, music, and gameplay.  Here is the breakdown.Story: 1/10  Really not thereArt: 7/10  I appreciate the retro style, but there isn't much variety.Music: 5/10  Meh.  It doesn't irritate you.Gameplay: 10/10.  Nicely done.  Well polished.  Excellent decision on the customization.Overall, the game is worth playing for those who like casual games that reminisce of SNES days.  Gameplay is excellent, but the game feels unpolished in certain areas.  The lack of story, repetitive scenes, and lackluster music keep this back from being a gem."
76561198019216815,Recommended,319140,30497488,Posted: 13 March,all,Crebmen,"Xeodrifter is a Metroid-inspired 2D-platformer originally developed for the Nintendo 3DS. I went into this game without any knowledge about it, and I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun it was.There are plenty of neat gameplay ideas used to a great effect (which I won't spoil), but some of the late-game abilities are a bit under-utilized. However, knowing the limited size and scope of the game, it's excusable.The level, or WORLD DESIGN I guess you should say, is pretty darn good for the most part. It uses the game's mechanics in very clear ways that rarely leave you wondering where you're supposed to go and how you're supposed to go about it. If you want to 100% this game you'll have to back-track through the same areas over and over, but unlike metroid which had big sprawling maps with tons of different paths connecting to each other, Zeodrifter is a lot more linear and limited. I got a bit tired of going down the same areas after acquiring a new ability that allowed me to reach a spot or path I wasn't able to before. I understand they wanted to extend the longevity of the game but it wasn't the most enjoyable way of going about it from a player's perspective.Another thing the levels have are water-sections. Thankfully they're not too annoying, but they make back-tracking a chore, and I didn't enjoy them over-all.What I do enjoy is the on-the-fly weapon upgrading system which allows the player to change their weapon's capabilities on the fly, using upgrade points you pick up from secret areas (much like Metroid). It's really quick and really intuitive, and allows you to change your weapon depending on the scenario so that you can tackle it more efficiently.One slightly dissapointing thing is the boss-fights. Now there are multiple bosses in the game but they are all the same boss copy-pasted, palette-swapped, and with more attacks added to its move-set each time you encounter it. While the boss eventually gets pretty creative if you use the game's mechanics to your advantage, it does feel a bit cheap and underwhelming, especially since the FINAL BOSS feels no different than the ones before it.Over-all though I think the game is great, and is totally worth the 2-3 hours of your time.PROS:-Vibrant and clean pixel-art visuals.-Solid game feel.-World-design that cleverly uses the game's mechanics.-Challenging enemies.-Intuitive and fun weapon-upgrade system.-A bunch of secrets for 100 percenters.MIDDLE-GROUND:(most of this stuff can be excused because it is a small game made by a small studio)-Back-tracking was a bit tedious in some parts.-Copy-pasted bosses.-Movement-inertia is a bit slippery.CONS:-Water sections are a bore.-Ending is VERY underwhelming.SCORE: 8/10"
,Recommended,319140,29701377,Posted: 4 February,all,LR-89.mz,"I've played this gem on other systems, and had to buy it again here on Steam. A nod to the Metroidvania line of games, it offers everything oldschool players like about it: collectibles, powerups, chiptune music and pixel graphics."
,Recommended,319140,29743416,Posted: 6 February,all,smoothcrown,Fun but short
,Recommended,319140,29755637,Posted: 6 February,all,Negative Therapy,"One of my favorite Metroidvainias next to Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet. Once I picked it up, I couldnt put it down until it was dead. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,319140,29749780,Posted: 6 February,all,Barra_97,"I had alot of fun playing this game. (Further may contain spoilers, unless you saw the achivements)Playing through it for the first time, taking about 3 hours for full completion, was hard at the beginning but got easier as I went on. Learning the controlls, using the powerups not only as way to progress but also dodge or go faster was interesting to figure out. The secrets (hinted through the achivements) were also fun to search for. A moment that should have told me there are hidden life restores, by randomly shooting a wall, didn't get to me until i beat the final boss for the first time. So by default the game was harder for me than it may be for you (due to me being being dumb).Running through the game a second time to beat it as fast as possible left me with my final achivement and my final playtime. Would i play it again? Yes and no. No because it's not very broad in long tems, yes because it's fun and I may try to beat it under 40 minutes,."
76561198134920905,Recommended,319140,29747615,Posted: 6 February,all,MIZILIK,This game is too damn short!!!
,Recommended,319140,29731918,Posted: 5 February,all,yung crystal pepsi,"Pros:-Classic, Metroid-like feel. This game brought me back to my childhood, when I played Super, Fusion and Zero Mission to absolute death. The formula is so well-executed here that you could replace the main character with Samus and it would feel like something Nintendo made.-Unique and customizable upgrade system that encourages experimentation and strategy.-Tight, responsive controls and pixel-perfect platforming.-Great art design that is also very much inspired by Metroid-Brevity! It doesn't overstay its welcome.Cons:-...Brevity. Short games are fine, but for $10, 2-5 hours isn't a lot.-Lack of direction at first. Instead of being set in one big world, Xeodrifter consists of four planets that may appear to be accessed in any order, but you need to play them a certain order to get the appropriate power-ups to proceed. Start with the green planet first.-Lack of enemy and boss variety. There aren't many standard enemies, and there is only one actual boss in the game, who you fight multiple times, with a new type of attack added onto his pattern each time.-Lack of checkpoints and save points. You can only save on your ship, and checkpoints are only granted before and after each boss fight. When you consider that most bosses take place on the other side of the map, you find yourself having to make careful mad dashes from your ship to the boss and then back, and dying can set you back a ways, especially if you're hunting for upgrades.-High difficulty. While the game doesn't have the upside-down difficulty curve of other Metroidvania titles thanks to its health system, it's still easy to die and the game length feels padded because of that.Overall, Xeodrifter is a fun little Metroidvania game that nails the formula to a T. Maybe not the best out there, but for what it is, it's great."
,Recommended,319140,29929835,Posted: 14 February,all,Jonus,"Xeodrifter, cute lil game. Short though. Controls are a bit rough when it comes to variable jump height."
,Recommended,319140,29056727,Posted: 6 January,all,A Metal Gear To Surpass Weapons,"Cool game but shortThe controls are bad but you can change them so its fine the games is short but its hard and cool the weapon upgrade system is also interesting the game is pretty much like metroid but shorter and harder Good soundtrack and cool powers the only bad thing is that there is no save stations arround and anyways if you dint liked itSteam: You can refound game if you havent played it for 2 hours *clears game in 1:30 hours"" Cool"
,Recommended,319140,30145059,Posted: 24 February,all,Sacaldur,"To be honest, the game is pretty short (first play through in about an hour, all achievments in about 2 hours). Despite that, I really liked to play the game, it has a great overall feeling."
,Recommended,319140,30332154,Posted: 5 March,all,evilnancyreagan,"Not A Bad Game But, Not A Great OneI would reccomend this game to anyone who would like to see their 2D platform skillz put to the test. However, I would like to inform these people that they ply their trade under completely artifical enviroments. You will lose your progress  to specifically prescribed circumtances to do just this more often than you can count. It is a frustrating game--however,  when you can overcome the cheap and disrespectful obstacles set forth--it is an empowering experience.I would reccomend this game but, only to the greatest fans of Metroidvanias, those who seek for a new experience over the greater ones as this stands soely as a failed example. It does not follow the the same rules it enforces upon the player and the level design is both uninspired while at the same time respectful of the players time. It fails to achieve the experience of exploration.I reccomend this to those that have exhausted La Mulana (and Co.) and are content for quick and dirty fix."
,Recommended,319140,31659359,Posted: 9 May,all,durian,This is aSuper Metroid(SNES) clone.The original is better in every aspect:Weapons and abilitiesBosses (Xeo has only ONE boss (in various attack patterns)Graphics (the resolution of Xeo is rediculously low and blocky... 240p)The Verdict: Get it while on sale.(or better play the SNES orginal which is a legend)
,Recommended,319140,31644851,Posted: 9 May,all,Pixelfetish,"Got this game for 0.99€. And for that price its quite bargain.Of course, reviews dont want to state Xeodrifterthe same brilliancy and worship as for Shovel Knight or Cave Story.But it is not very far from these game legends.The developer had quite a remarkable sensefor those gameplay essentials, we do expect from such modern Retro Games.It is more minimalistic, than its competitors, but its the gameplay that quite shines.Xeodrifter is FUN to play. I would vote for a Xeodrifter 2.8/10"
,Recommended,319140,31638847,Posted: 8 May,all,DVPS,"Nice music, perfect gameplay, masterpiece."
76561198097548186,Recommended,319140,31805429,Posted: 17 May,all,luizsamsara,"Nice MetroidVania game.Controls are not perfect, you can't aim and shoot up while moving, which is a little bit annoying, and the bosses could be less repetitive, but the game itself is good and provides good time.I think the cute graphic style and the simplicity of the game is what I like the most. Reminds me of my days playing Nintendo. It also has a good development as the game progress. And the ability to move to the back of the scenario is just neat.Price is too high though, for a game that is supposed to be simple."
76561197974749063,Recommended,319140,31789284,Posted: 16 May,all,Muig,"MINI METROIDI got this for £0.69 in a Steam sale, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It's a Mini version of Metroid: short, simplified, relatively easy, with miniaturised graphics.  The acid-coloured, cute look of the game was a big part of the appeal for me; judge for yourself from the screenshots.If there was a story, I've forgotten it already - but the mission follows the Metroid template: find items that give you special powers which give you access to new parts of the map.  The weapon system is quite good: you allocate points to customise your gunfire, changing power, speed, pattern, etc.  I found that the parabola pattern was the best all-rounder.There is the usual Metroid backtracking through parts of the map, for example when you decide you need more health or gun collectibles to defeat a boss, but I didn't find this too troublesome- the maps are quite small, and (most) of the enemies are not hard to beat once you've figured them out.A fairly novel feature to the game is the ability to shift into the background layer at times.  This plays a part in the gameplay here and there, and it's quite an enjoyable, cool little addition.Some reviewers have criticised the lack of save points: you have to make it back to your ship to save.  I was irritated by this at first myself, but once you know you can't just rush carelessly through a map, it adds to the challenge and tension of the game.  Can't be bad.CONS:Though I really liked the sound effects, I can't say the same for the music.  I've got a lot of time for chiptunes, but the music here was too basic and repetitive and became grating.Having to go to the menu to select a different weapon seemed unnecessary.  Since the game  has Xbox controller support, why not allow weapon selection using the shoulder buttons?COMPARISONS:I tried Environmental Station Alpha before this, which appears to have been better-received, but I didn't like it.  The music is much better, but the graphics are too tiny and pixelated even for me, and the gameplay was less accessible.I've also purchased Mutant Mudds off the back of this- because it has the same developer- but although it again seems to have been better-received, I'm finding it inferior so far.  Slow, a bit clunky and too simplistic.CONCLUSION:All in all, I'd heartily recommend this game if you're looking for a slice of retro Metroid fun.  Some reviewers here feel short-changed by the short length I think,  but at the sort of discount I got it's a no-brainer."
76561197980290577,Recommended,319140,31872665,Posted: 20 May,all,Elpablo,Great little metroidvania games.  Very short though beat it in 7 hrs.
,Not Recommended,319140,32074150,Posted: 30 May,all,iddqd,"This game has some great potential, however, sadly the devs didn't use it. The difficulty curve is ridiculious and the areas in which you are playing pretty boring. Repetitive enemies, poor sound design and the fact that there is no story at all make this game pretty uninteresting."
,Recommended,319140,33755128,Posted: 23 July,all,Maratae,Not perfect. Worth it if on sale.
76561198043682250,Recommended,319140,33746660,Posted: 23 July,all,d.craig.tate,"Fun, quick little metroidvania-type game."
76561198098037298,Recommended,319140,33868469,Posted: 28 July,all,Veo,"Let me tell you about Xeodrifter.So Xeodrifter is a 2D platformer, shooting, and exploration as it says with a pixel art style as graphics.The gameplay is very similar to the older medtroid games if you have played them before. if not, I can tell you that Its about a lot of exploration and finding new power ups while you are playing. also, if you have played Mutant Mudds, you will see some mechanics in this game in here as well.+ The gameplay is really good. I found it really nice when I fixed the controls and learned how every enemy and abillty worked.+ the music is fine but not the best I have heard. but It works.+ 4 planets to explore. and a lot to find that will help you.+ I like how the animation is done of the enemys/character has. I also really like pixelart style games alot.----------------------------------- The Boss Battle. They are not so creative with how they did ever boss in this game.- this game is really short.- every planet has almost every enemy. so you will see the same kind of enemy in the same planet.- the controls is really bad. unless you have the settning to change it. which I had. but even still It was hard to play.7/10. It was a good game. one of the best games they have done.  cannot recomend to buy this right now, but I highly recomend to do that when Its steam sales. so It was worth the money."
76561198001966684,Recommended,319140,34139379,Posted: 9 August,all,IVY_MiKe,"This little 'Metroidvania' platform game is a phenomenal little title.The mechanics and aesthetics of this game would suggest that the game is 'Super Metroid Lite' and after playing it for 5 hours and having finished the game it is exactly that. I'd complain about that, but those 5 hours were great and exactly what I wanted from this game!This title is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,319140,34967753,Posted: 15 September,all,brokenstitch,"I really enjoyed this game, granted after you beat it once, you can beat it again in around 18 minutes or so. All achievements are super easy to get."
