user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,319480,19297519,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,roa-kun,"This game combines best parts of Castlevania III with innovations of newer Metroidvanias.You're traveling between different types of locations (like in Castlevania III),but there are lots of places to unlock and explore, and upgrades to find within locations themselves(like Metroidvanias). You'll be going back and forth, but locations have lots of variety,so everything works out really really well.This is a REAL classic game, just with typical technical limitations of the era removed.No pseudo-retro pixelated BS that you see these days.It also adds something old Castlevanias hadn't:- Superb and very elaborate cut-scenes. It will blow your mind like Ninja Gaiden's cut-scenes did back in the day.- You can always expect some reward for your exploration (unlike Castlevania II),also shortcuts, secret passages inside secret passages, teleports and other stuff make it all the more fun.- You are not knocked back to the nearest danger all the time (unlike all Castlevanias),and sometimes you'll wish you were actually knocked back, believe it or not.- You keep all your stuff and level progress after Game Over.- You can buy or find more continues.- Very stylish visuals, resembling NES Castlevanias style (via reduced color palette)- Pleasure to see a classic game at 60 fps and no sprite flickering / slowdowns common for the era.- You can play it classic style with 2-button controller or with the modern 4-button one.- You'll find all cool classic gameplay solutions in one game.It also has some challenges old games couldn't even think of.- As it was a standard earlier, the final boss will have all your skills tested.Multiple phases, lots of damage, trick attacks, changing patterns. GIT GUD or die trying.But new players shouldn't fear, the game will give you a brief introduction towhat a classic game feels like via top levels, while vast bottom levels and their bosses show you ""the real deal"".Did you want a classic Castlevania? Or maybe at least a good clone?But who makes them these days? Joymasher does. But if sales figures will be as bad as they are now, I fear they will stop.Currently sales of Odallus are marginal (below 4k copies), according to SteamSpy.If you have been waiting for Konami to make a ""more classic"" Castlevania all these years,stop waiting fruitlessly and play Odallus instead.Hope they'll do a sequel.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
76561198007509502,Recommended,319480,32755729,Posted: 24 June,all,Oni,"One of the best metroidvania's in the classic 8-bit canvas.A true piece of art set in a dark fantasy universe where you play as a bad*** warrior named Haggis.After playing for the first time I really felt invested in this new grim world that keeps evolving into a deeper richer game.Crisp 8-bit graphics, from the beautiful overworld map to the various stages and environments, the varied deadly enemy/bosses with subtle nostalgic inspiration, accompanied by a great soundtrack and impactful sound design bringing the apocalyptic world of Odallus: The Dark Call alive. ( <3 Pixel Art )Tight and responsive controls (best played with a gamepad) with a mixture of great movement and combat, from inspirations of past legendary titles of the 8-16 bit era, tight combat mechanics, intuitive movement mechanics, non-linear level design, worldbuilding/aesthetic, melding together into it's own unique world and fun/expansive gameplay mechanics creating a very unique playstyle in it's own right.While progressing later into the game , you will acquire new tools/abilities that will expand your range of mobility and options to destroy the armies of darkness and opening new paths of exploration to further your quest. Personally I liked the pace of the game from start to finish, I enjoyed returning to previous stages I had completed to find any items I had missed, becoming more powerful over the course of the journey. (Metroid-Lite)After finishing the game you have even more things to do, previous New updates added a Veteran gamemode that significantly ramps up the difficulty with new enemies, punishing deadly traps, new map layouts, different item locations, making it a challenging new experience unlike traditional New Game Plus categories.Performance: Odallus runs fine for me, i've personally had no issues at 60FPS, fullscreen, windowed and CRT tv mode options availableEverything comes together to reach deeper into the meat of what makes this videogame genre in my opinionsuch a gem and a real call back to 8-bit classics standing up alongside the best."
,Recommended,319480,22035123,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,okay,"Well designed game with a great soundtrack. One of the rare few games that I went and 100%ed. It's not a long game by any means, but it has replayable options with hard mode, and speedrunning. This dev improved quite a bit from Oniken, and they have shown how to make a good classic style game. This is easily one of my favorite modern retro games."
76561198048491430,Recommended,319480,17102762,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,A Prestigious Gentleman,Odallus: The Dark Call a game which has that 8-bit nostalgia we all love and gameplay that is very addicting as well as challenging. I myself died plently of times to the zone bosses but kept on fighting until I won. This is one of the elements that Odallus: The Dark Call shines in. The game forces you to learn the bosses attack patterns and not just spam the attack key and expect to win. I enjoy this feature because there are to many games that make boss fights easy and bland. Plus there is no better feeling then finally killing the boss that was preventing you from progressing. Ahh it feels like im playing Castlevania on the NES as a kid again. Odallus: The Dark Call is a gem of a game.
76561198040367630,Recommended,319480,17068128,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Wolfman,"The first part of this review will go over what I really enjoyed about the game, while the second half will go over what I found lacking.  Let me start by saying that I have been looking forward to this game since its announcement.  That being said, the game did not disappoint me.So what is good about the game?  It is a solid retro game.  In the full time that I played the game for my twitch stream, I did not find any real incidents where I was left scratching my head over bizzare hit boxes, goofy control issues and generally annoying bugs that crop up from rushed development.  This game is rock solid, plays well, and is pretty fair in terms of its difficulty curve.It is very metroidvania lite, but that isn't nessesarily a bad thing.  The collectible items are evenly spaced throughout the game, so you are never left wondering when the next pickup will be.  It is also very refreshing to see that every single stage in the game (barring the first one) impliments uses for all of the ability powerups you collect in your journey.  This is not a game that gives you a powerup, and then only has you use it once to pass an obstical.  The ability uses make sense, and can be fun to work with when needed.The controls are solid, it was entirely my controller that had me throwing sub weapons by accident (rolling D-pads are terrible), I tested the issue out on a keyboard and never had a similar problem.  The level designs are fun and engaging, and never really overstay their welcome.  Revisiting a stage will typically involve powerups that you had collected later in the game, thus movement that was bothersome before, becomes much easier, getting you to those target areas you may have missed before quicker.  The game is pieced together perfectly.There are small puzzle solving sections in the game, lever puzzles and such, and while I was worried at first about them breaking the flow of the game, they ended up not being that much of an issue to solve.  Demon's Crest, Ghost and Goblins, and Castlevania; the games that the game takes inspiration from, are done justice as far as I am concerned.  Scattered through out the game are various tributes and nods to each of the games, without breaking immersion to the world and game setting.The pixel art is gorgeous, the game runs like smooth butter, and the sound effects are not ear sores to listen to as you play.  All and all, as stated above, the game is a very solid package of fun, and a brilliant retro classic style game.But its not without its flaws, and those flaws are namely small issues that will not directly impact the gameplay at all.First off, the game is advertised as being 4+ hours long.  My very first playthrough, I managed to not only collect 100% of the items, and clocked in at 2:57:38.  I did not speed my way through the game, I legitimately took my time to explore the game.  I enjoyed my time, but I would say that this game is more close to a comfortable 3 hour playtime.  There is no newgame+ bonuses that I am currently aware of.  Once finished, the only thing left to do is start fresh a new game.  Is three hours a bad thing?  Not for me it isn't, but I would be foolish to not assume that an advertised 4+ hour game time, being marketed at a 15 dollar price tag (at the time of this review), is pretty excessive.Given the gametime as a whole, I would honestly recommend this game for 10 dollars not 15.  This is unfortunate, because there are so many games out there for 15 dollars that will give you more game time and value for your money.  Unless you are like me, who plans on engaging in some speedrunning to try and see if I can best my previos times, there is really only one playthrough.  Regardless if that short playthrough is fun or not, the price point is a factor in recommendations, and it may drive away some customers who would otherwise look this way.The other issue I had was a general lack of story telling.  The game sets itself up with a pretty epic story line, but the only real spaces where that storyline is engaged are involving the begining of the game, two bosses in the game, and the end of the game.  There is really no basis for WHY your character is going out of his way to explore and collect relics and artifacts for the cause, outside of ""game reasons"".  A great opportunity to tell a story would have invovled collecting the individual ""shards"" after each boss.  Each stage boss could further the plot and add more impact to the big climax and twist of an ending.  The story unfortunately, is kinda lost in its presentation, which leaves the game standing on its only real strength which is that the gameplay is just simple and great fun.The final issue is the difficulty.  The game is really easy.  I was never really presented with much of a threat through the entire game.  Adding difficulty options to the game may help this (and I am not saying to damage sponge the enemies to artificially inflate the difficulty).  As it stands, there are extrememly generous save points, and remarkably generous amounts of sub weapons and health power ups.  It makes the game simple and enjoyable, but sacrifices the ball busting difficulty of the titles it was inspired by.These flaws are not game breaking problems in their own rights.  They are just observations that I had through my full playthrough of the game.  I beat it in one sitting, my audience enjoyed the show, and I will probably keep playing this title even more as I attempt to beat it in faster and faster times.  The price is a pretty heavy sale though.  I do recommend the game, but I would suggest waiting for sales to arrive unless the Developers do deside to drop the price.  10 bucks for what you get seems fair to me.  15, is a little steep.Terrific game though.  Thank you very much Joymasher."
,Recommended,319480,26104516,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,P.I.C.K.L.E,"A lot of indie games claim to be 8-bit, but this one actually looks like it uses the NES color palette. Going into it at first, it seems like a lame clone of Castlevania, but give it time, and you'll be invested in the platforming, action and adventure feel of this.Also, I'll give this game extra points, because it reminds me of Berserk.In short: It's the Castlevania game that Konami never tried, but was done well."
,Recommended,319480,28360538,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Starman,"Odallus comes from the makers of Oniken, and it shows. The game is a perfect callback to the visual sensibilities of 90s creepshows such as Mystic Defender and the gameplay is an expert blend of Castlevania classic stages and combat with post Symphony of the Night exploration and secrets. Like Oniken, the mechanics are snappy and precise, but the additional moves and upgrades in Odallus gradually ramp up the fun of both movement and fighting. I never found myself bored playing it, and I never found any fight unfair (except maybe the final boss, but there are ways to deal with that). The translation is delightfully doofy, as well."
,Recommended,319480,17071133,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Retro Gaming LIVES!This game is a blast, and it's been so long since i have played a really good 8 biter, i have enjoyed itso far and i even got my ol' Nintendo thumb back lol.Graphics for this 8 bit style game are fantastic, the music fits well and sets the pace,the cut scenes are superb and remind me of games like Ninja gaiden for NES.Boss fights are good, game is hard enough but not over the top.Don't wait, buy it now if you love good ol NES, Amiga or Sega master system games."
76561197982480003,Recommended,319480,17237534,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Beepner,"Oniken was a tribute to the... not-so-great linear cyberpunk action platformers in the style of Power Blade or Shatterhand. Developer Joymasher has constructed a much more solid effort in the form of Odallus: The Dark Call, a more exploration focused affair set against a swords and Satanism backdrop. Though the term ""Metroidvania"" is being thrown around with this one, Odallus actually has more in common with the NES Strider game than with pre-SotN Castlevanias. In short, it's what I had hoped Rondo of Blood would be before I learned that Rondo of Blood isn't actually that good.The thing that makes this game click for me is, while the stages are laid in the framework of ""go from point A to point B and fight a boss,"" the areas themselves are actually quite massive and reward a bit of poking around. It follows the motif of being locked off from a certain area before collecting THE THING that opens that area up, but discovering the alternate exits in the stages that lead to their sublevels or just seeing the way the routes loop back on each other is a reward in its own right for exploration nerds. It can get a bit overwhelming at times, the game has no automap and unless you're taking diligent notes, you're going to have a bit of a time remembering where you have and haven't poked around in your search for that last secret in a given stage. However, this approach is a bit more organic and fulfilling than ""color in spots on a map"" and helps extend a rather brief game in a manner that doesn't feel tacked on. I'm not sure exactly how much is required to uncover before you're allowed to make it to the final stage, but we'll probably get a good idea with future speedruns or Games Done Quick events.The game does have some rough edges. While controlling Haggis is responsive enough for the most part, combat can be frustrating given the short reach of your sword and the sometimes dubious hitboxes. If your experience is anything like mine, you're going to end up cheesing the hell out of a boss or two just to keep the game moving. Jumping while attacking is especially wonky, since this is one of those games where jump height is controlled by the duration of the button press. There's sometimes some weird stuff going on with the scrolling, each stage will have arbitrary spots where the screen has to quickly scroll vertically to reveal some area that's off the beaten path. The effect can be disorienting and at times even causes Haggis to jerk around like a catfish on deck. I'm also not sure if some of the grammatical errors in the admittedly over-dramatized dialog are an intentional tribute to the rushed localizations of the 8-bit era, or just natural goofs. They don't show up quite frequently enough to suggest that they are intentional, but they're about the only comic relief in a story that plays it 100% straight.If you prefer your sprites and your gameplay decidedly on the 8-bit portion of the spectrum, definitely give Odallus a shot. Visually, it's a gorgeous game, even at its most grotesque, and it will probably hit the same kinds of buttons that Shovel Knight did for players who grew up in the pre-polygon era. With just a little more polish it could have been a perfect 10, but it's still worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,319480,26355619,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,spookydoom,"Recommended if you love NES era games.This is as good of a modern NES game as a Tarantino movie is a citation of all the movies he loves. No matter how many games claim to be a ""modern day NES game that wasn't released in the day"". Usually you can feel that they are not. Some aspects of them are usually too modern in the way they are executed - be it the art or the interface or cetain gameplay aspects. This doesn't make those games bad or anything it's just that they don't match the description.Odallus is different here. It feels 98% like it yould have been released on an NES cardtridge except that a few things would not have been possible on the old hardware (screen sized bosses for example). Otherwise this is a game that channels all the right things from castlevania and the metroid series into one medieval package. Little bits and pieces thrown in from other games as well.Things you might want to know before buying:It has tough parts. Some frustratingly tough parts but nothing in the style of 1001 spikes. Mostly fair tough (except the cart-* rides - you will know what I mean).*  Bosses are pattern learning fights. Get the pattern down - defeat the boss but ...*  ... search your power ups. You will need them.* controlls are very precise and responsiveOverall super cool game. Highly recommended for people who know the type of game they are getting.Otherwise ask people 30+ years old if they can show you what an 8Bit game looks and plays like. ;)One thing that really annoyed me, though:The underwater effect. I assume most players don't mind it that much but it made me really dizzy at times.Unfortunately there are a lot of underwater effect passages - even rather long ones.Otherwise though - loved it. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,319480,32552615,Posted: 18 June,all,mateowilliford,It's like Castlevania. I got it half off but it's worth full price. Great if you like metroidvanias
,Recommended,319480,24723630,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dojutrek,"The Good:Graphically, the game has best picking of the 8-bit palette.The Music has the proper helping of 8-bit deets and doots.The dark atmosphere helps convey the overall desolation of the story.The Neutral:(See Below for reasons)The Controls are decent, but at times feel way too rigid and sometimes unresponsive.The Bad:(See Below for reasons)Final Boss. 'nuf said.Comments:I personally love me a good 8-bit Castlevania, even more so when it absorbed Metroid into its amorphous gelatinous mass. So I have no problem saying that ""Odallus: The Dark Call"" is a decent throwback to that entire genre. I won't spoil anything regarding the gameplay, as it's largely self-explanatory from the start if you've played Castlevania or Metroid (If not, why not?). However, there is one gripe I have with the game and that's the spike in difficulty right at the end.So I've nearly beaten ""Odallus"" and have collected everything in the game, but that final hurdle is quite a doozy. Anyway, the fight begins with a largely equal opponent, being able to deflect attacks and special weapons is his main attraction. Basically, the player has to bait out his attacks to deal damage, which wasn't really needed in the entirety of the game up to this point but I guess that's the final bosses charm. However, his attacks are erratic and without a set pattern when they are baited out, sometimes he'll do a three-hit combo and other times just a single strike all of which throw you across the screen, go through any invincibility you may have, and take a heart each. All of this is manageable, but it's rather jarring since it hasn't come up until now.Once that fight is done there's a little talking time, and then begins phase two which is step up the intensity scale. Your foe gets a slew of new attacks, in which he has more mobility, has projectiles, and an invincible super move along with his attacks in phase one. It's about here when I noticed that it was a lack of detail on the controls, sometimes I'd need to use the dash to get out of a situation and it wouldn't respond. Normally this wouldn't be an issue, but in the final fight it can result in some serious life complications (mostly with the life part).I haven't even reached the third stage of the fight yet, but that's largely because the first two phases are a seriously long, drawn out affair. However, beyond that little spike near the end, the game is largely quite tame and can be played at a decent pace. ""Odallus"" is a decent challenge for those looking for an old school Castlevania-esque adventure, so I will recommend it even if it has that difficulty spike."
76561198087791730,Recommended,319480,17942135,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ZAKU,"This game is an 8-bit combination of Metroid, Castlevania, and Berserk. I love it and I´m always satisfied with JoyMasher´s products. I liked Oniken a bit more, but I always prefered Ninja Gaiden to Castlevania so I guess that isn´t too much of a suprise. I just with this game had a few more cutscenes and character development. Anyway it is a really fun game and I thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198028088564,Recommended,319480,17119556,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,winnietheshit,"All of the visual style of a NES game with few of the headaches.It's challenging, but not too challenging. As you level your character up, you'll go back to previous levels to find new secrets and unlock new locations which. The levels are well done and don't become tedious. Enemies are tough, but fair. Bosses are fun, and you can tank some of them if you're fast enough. The controls are solid, they don't allow you to overpower the enemies with spamming attacks, so you must plan carefully and be patient.The story is pulpy but mysterious and interesting enough to keep you going.The game seems to have some bugs on some systems. I found that VJOY was interfering with my xbox controller, so I disabled Vjoy. I also found that the game didn't play well with Steam overlay on, so I disabled that as well. Since doing those minor work arounds, the game has performed perfectly. The developer also seems responsive to issues and releases regular patches.Good Game."
76561198024378091,Not Recommended,319480,26141004,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,minstrelofmoria,"Superficially the Castlevania to Axiom Verge's Metroid, but far more slavishly devoted to even the worst concepts from ancient platformers. Were you somehow nostalgic for mine cart levels? Here's an obnoxiously long one with a frustrating boss at the end who'll keep running out your lives and forcing you to redo the whole thing! Did you love struggling with ice and wind? Have both in the same level, along with projectile-using enemies whose shots are hard enough to dodge already! Wonky hitboxes and sparse healing add to the frustration, and the paucity of useful goodies in each level makes the inevitable health loss from exploring feel like a punishment rather than a test of skill.I decided that whether I finished the game would determine whether I gave it a thumbs up or a thumbs down. I think I was at somewhere around the halfway point when I called it quits. I'd much rather play something like Shovel Knight or even Hyper Light Drifter that pays homage while still playing fair."
,Recommended,319480,28550892,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Vookatos,"If you're looking for something that would remind you of Castlevania, look no further. Odallus is a pretty good platformer that takes inspiration from the famous classic horror series, but still stands on its own.It plays like older NES games, even going as far as to include life counter, yet with the inclusion of the world map, it also offers a Metroidvania experience. First and foremost, however, it's still a platformer. Just with a couple of side-paths and power ups. Don't expect it to rival actual Metroidvania games in that aspect.I should probably mention right away that lives won't bother you much. There are shortcuts that you activate within levels that will always stay open, and Game Overs only put you back to the beginning of the level/world map. It's definitely one of the less-obtrusive live systems in any game.The gameplay and controls are tight, and, thankfully, also don't emulate worst part of older games. You're always in control, and if you fall down a pit, it's always your fault.Level design is not bad, but there are a few annoying gimmicks along the way. They're all really small, and Metroidvania aspect helps with that a lot. For example, there is one really annoying boss that comes to mind, but you can open up a level where you can get a Level 3 sword before fighting him, and make him a non-issue.The game's relatively easy if you've played many platformers, but it will provide enough challenge to keep you entertained. Took me about 6 hours to beat, and that's just the normal difficulty setting. There's also a harder one, which promises new item placements, among other things, but from what I've seen, it's quite annoying. The first level had randomly spawning enemies on bosses, which isn't a good sign.One thing that felt weird was the shop system. Throughout the game you find shops where you can buy weapon ammo, lives and health items. Once you buy any of the items, the price for that item rises. Considering that sometimes you need items to solve puzzles, it's a weird decision. If you're not good at the game and, for example, keep losing to a boss, I can see it leading to grinding money, which is just bad. Consider this your PSA: do not buy items unless absolutely needed. Restocking on, say, 2 axes you've wasted on every opportunity to do so will probably lead to grinding.The only thing that I really didn't enjoy were a LOT of bugs I encountered. One boss' attack was broken, text box that displayed lines of code, what seemed to be broken AI in some places, and plethora of smaller issues that weren't really major, but definitely annoyed me. Still, nothing gamebreaking.In short, if you're looking for a pretty good retro platformer with a great atmosphere, get it."
,Recommended,319480,34001500,Posted: 3 August,all,Graham von Poopenswine,"Rating: 9.5/10Odallus is a story-driven platformer which pays homage the NES-era of Castlevania titles. JoyMasher builds upon the success of their last game, Oniken, and brings a level of much desired polish. It's not often you find a truly amazing throwback game such as Odallus here on Steam; however, this title definently defines everything desireable in a story-driven Metroidvania game!I found there were things I both liked, and disliked, about Odallus; however, there were far more that I liked than disliked. Here are a few you should be aware of before buying:+ Odallus sports an immersive story, it has a fully animated cinematic seen before you even reach the titlescreen, as well as a cutscene before you start the first level of the game. Each boss has ample dialog to keep the player entertained.+ The player character has nice and fluid, tight controls.+ Much like any Castlevania title, this game has a weapon system similar to Castlevania where you find weapons that act similar to powerups.+ Weapon usage is no longer convoluted and is bound to a single key, I'm looking at you Oniken.+ Checkpoints!+ Enemies drop currency which can be used at shops which are often located at points of interest in each level.+ Branching paths in the level design offer rewards for exploration.- Odallus, similar to JoyMasher's first game ""Oniken"", launches in their own launcher. This launcher offers features that should be handled in the in-game main menu."
,Recommended,319480,23722114,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RUNNING ★ WILD,"This game is beautiful. It's so good. It plays so well. I highly recommend it. The graphics and audio really capture the essence of a high quality NES action-adventure platformer game, and there's loads of secrets to uncover and areas to explore, upgrades to acquire and bosses to slay. The controls are also excellent, I've been using my Hori Fighting Commander Pro 4 and it's very tight and fluid.This game is well worth every penny. Do yourself a favor and buy it, also be sure to tell all your friends about it."
76561198031755817,Recommended,319480,28932597,Posted: 2 January,all,Bastard0fYoung,"Amazing game for fans of retro style games with slick, modern polish. It's a small travesty this game didn't become a big hit like Shovel Knight; of the two games, Odallus is actually my favorite. Responsive, silky controls, beautiful art direction both in-game and in the cut scenes, fun stage design, an engrossing dark fantasy setting and story, great soundtrack... it's like the game was custom made for me. I've never bothered to review a game on Steam before, but the devs did such an amazing job on this title and so few people seem to be aware of it, I felt compelled to voice my praise. All fans of Castlevania NEED to play this thing."
76561197995870363,Recommended,319480,31913614,Posted: 23 May,all,Nerdslinger,"Great Indie game that would have been a blockbuster if released in the 8bit/16bit era.Top notch Horror/Castlevania-esque type setting with cohesive visuals, music, and sound FX.Gameplay is somewhat metroidvania style with tight controls.Enjoy this gem. The price is right!"
,Recommended,319480,34041178,Posted: 5 August,all,Challak,"If you're looking for a retro-styled action game, with some metroidvania elements (there is back-tracking, but each level in the game is an isolated, and largely linear excursion), Odallus comes highly recommended by me!Full controller + Steam Link support"
76561198013593304,Recommended,319480,18756188,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TheDrunkardHu,"Absolute HEAVEN!  Oniken was awesome, and so is this!  I'm now officially a Joymasher fan!Pros:+All of the settings necessary for a modern PC game: resolution settings, key rebinds, full controller support, etc.+ My old NES controller works wonderfully with the Tomee USB adapter, and the options menu even allows me to rebind THOSE buttons+Perfect old NES game feel, with simplified controls, and intuitive UI+Tight platforming+RPG elements that incentivize exploration+""Open world"" feel. (you can simply walk out of any stage you start and go back to the stage select at any time)+Brilliant pixel art, and 8-bit musicCons:- For some reason my PC doesn't read the inputs from the NES controller as an indication that I'm still using the PC, so it enters sleep mode while I'm playing....  This could be an issue with the Tomee adapter, I'm not sure.  I'll test it at some point.All in all, WORTH EVERY PENNY.  ESPECIALLY if you get Oniken and Odallus as a packaged deal!"
,Recommended,319480,33489223,Posted: 12 July,all,Noxis,"Odallus: The Dark Call is absolutely amazing retro styled metroidvania.So, what's good about the game?● Awesome NES style pixelarts● Great level desing, secrets and puzzles● Pretty good chiptune OST● Veteran mode to test skill and frustration resistance (mostly the 2nd one)Odallus brings back good old memories of days when I used to play games like Castle of Dragon or Castlevania series on Nintendo. Even if some parts of the game are unpolished and annoying it's still a solid game worth trying.I really recommend it to every NES / old school metroidvania enthusiast."
76561198040295426,Recommended,319480,32737012,Posted: 24 June,all,diegzumillo,"Very good game in all aspects. Levels are big and fun to explore. There is a very light metroid element to it, where you can collect new powers and revisit old areas.It is, however, an old school game. It's not just the art style and basic mechanics, it's old school all the way. I personally find that a bit of a turn off, because we learned a lot about designing games in the last 30 years and a lot of common tropes back didn't age well in  my opinion. But I'm not judging the designer's choice here; there is an audience for this, for sure.It's not as hard as other old school games. But enough to trigger a few rage quits, which for me is a problem; that's not the kind of experience I like in a game. I've had my fair share of those already.I also have  a problem with the dash, an ability you find later on the game. The dash is triggered by double tapping the d-pad, like it used to be on many old games. If I didn't have more buttons on my controller/keyboard  I would take that as non-ideal but acceptable solution, but I do have more buttons. And ever since I got that ability I keep throwing myself at danger accidentally, because this is a platformer that requires a very agile dpad control! So I tap it constantly to adjust my trajectory and position. You can see how that's a problem. Then, of course, just to make me more frustrated, whenever I'm in an urgent situation and need to dash quickly, it doesn't work. Because of course not.I do wish I'd see more games looking at the past for inspiration. There are many interesting things games used to do that is almost lost today. But I'd rather see some experimentation on top of that as well, rather than direct transposition just for nostalgia sake.If direct transposition for nostalgia sake is what you're looking for, look no further. If this game were released 20 years ago it would have been my favorite game."
,Recommended,319480,27385536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pixelated Zen,"I quite love Odallus. I wasn't expecting to as, while I grew up with an NES I never really got into the Castlevania games as they were always just too hard for me to care. But from the moment I started playing Odallus, from it's awful dialogue to it's amazing difficulty curve and hidden items and locations, I just loved it. It's a great blend of old school with modern considerations."
76561198050095459,Recommended,319480,22827603,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DanimalRlz,Loving it. It is very remeniscent of Castlevania with a splash of Ironsword. And definetely Ninja Gaiden with the cutscenes. And the score is excellent 8bit. Well done.
,Recommended,319480,33599197,Posted: 16 July,all,Snure,"If Ninja Gaiden and Castlevania on the NES had a baby, it would look an awful lot like Odallus: The Dark CallPros:Fantastic art direction.  Just a ridiculously authentic looking 8-bit game (could have been ripped right out of the 80s)Tight controlsGame doesn't get repetitive and there's not too much backtrackingChallenging at times, but not unfairCons:Story has potential, but isn't really fleshed out.  The ending was rather anticlimacticMusic is kinda meh""Spike"" hazards are put to terrible use sometimes.  This is a pretty small gripe however.Overall I recommend this to anyone that really appreciates an 8-bit throwback done right.  This game seems pretty overlooked for how good it is.8.5/10"
,Recommended,319480,24359969,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,monoculo_jim,"Really good Demon's Crest style game with NES graphics. Easily (well, almost) as good as Shovel Knight."
76561198042367390,Recommended,319480,17079293,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,vegas138,"Wow! This game seems to combine everything that was awesome about Castlevania and Metroid and leave out the frustrating and boring parts. Also, the graphic is a serious pieces of pixel-art and the music is the finest Chiptune-Metal I have heard in some time. Its dark and it´s pure fun. I can totally recomand this game!"
76561198185291783,Recommended,319480,29033628,Posted: 5 January,all,henrodsantos,"Tech: The game runs smoothly and with very few noticeble bugs. Framerate is stable and there are not any graphical glitches,Aesthetics: The art direction is gorgeous. Both levels and sprites emulate the late NES konami/capcom era very well. The game does takes some liberties, but they end up being for the better.Sound: The soundtrack itself is average, but it gets the job done. Sound effects are more similar to what you would expect to hear from a megadrive, but that it is not detrimental for the game in any way.Gameplay: It feels very similar to a pre-metroidvania Castlevania, specially Rondo of Blood. You have the sword as your main weapon and your secondary weapons that must be replenished. The game have a few metroidvania elements though, as backtracking is necessary in some points in order to find acessories that will allow you to continue your progress. I do feel the B levels would benefit from being interconnected, but I see what the developers were going for.Story: The game preaches the principle ""show don't tell"", which is just great! The flow of the game is very tight and as you explore the world you start to uncover the lore and the mysteries behind the odallus and the old Gods. If you don't' care about the story at all, there is no problem either: It is possible to just ignore it altogether. Dialog can be a bit clunky or have some questionable choices though, but nothing that compromises the experience."
,Recommended,319480,29116808,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"A brand new 8-bit Castlevania you never knew you wanted and not made by Konami.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOvyhbtPX-4&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JK&index=83Did you play Oniken?  Then you probably already own this.  Honestly, if I HAVE to say more than NEW 8-BIT CASTLEVANIA to sell it, then either you have no idea what Casltevania is or you can't read!  GET IT!!"
,Recommended,319480,31829867,Posted: 18 May,all,JanIvar,"Loved this game! Almost finished it in one sitting, but that final boss was tough. Had to come back the next night to finish him!"
,Recommended,319480,20575355,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,jippalippa,"Odallus The Dark Call is the most faithful to the 8-bit era game ever made.Were many other fantastic games get close, like Hotline Miami, Shovel Knight, Axiom Verge, Broforce ecc...but can't achieve the real 8-bit look, Odallus triumphs, with its gorgeous visuals and its limited colour palette.It genuenly feels like playing with an old NES cartridge; the gameplay as well is perfectly faithful to the old classics.The game is very fun to play, with the classic platforming, combat and ""metroidvania-like"" exploring, but the best thing is that it even retains the classic little annoying control quirks that games such as castelvania 1,2,3 had. The controls are not very precise and you often receive hits you shouldn't, but that's the magic of the game because in the 80s/early 90s it was exactly like that!The game surely counts on the nostalgia of the player, but it's also the perfect title for a modern young player to start adventuring in the lovely world of retrogaming.The title, as expected, features a very inspired 8-bit look and the locations are even more astonishing; we have some constructions which remind us of the roman empire, mountains filled with snow and lava, very colourful forests, alien-like landscapes ecc...Even the difficulty is set on the 80s standards, very unforgiving with the lives and hard in general, but still not impossible (Boss battles are very schematic and ,with a bit of patience and learning of the patterns, can be beaten easily).Highly recommended to everybody, specially the nostalgic players like me who love to dive again in that lovely 1980s style of gaming."
,Recommended,319480,22388312,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zimmer,"Pros:+Good controls+Good length, not too long or too short+Lots of enemy types+Berserk inspired storyline that provides enough flavor without bogging you down+Lots of secrets, but no BS 'guide dang it' secrets.Cons:-Cart sequences are annoying as hell-Music is uninspired-Nothing really innovative. Relics are pretty standard for a Castlevania gameFinal Verdict: If you like Castlevania you'll like this."
76561198037917342,Recommended,319480,22307664,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,「SUPER EUROBEAT」,"A worthy successor to the action platformers of old, Odallus does pretty much everything right.tl;dr:Game is great. Combat is precise and rewards thoughtful play. Areas are well designed. Backtracking is well designed such that you always get rewarded for your trouble. Difficulty increases steadily throughout the game. Platforming is not cheap and punishing, but is instead a lot of fun. The setting and plot of the game is reminiscent of Berserk. If you like Symphony of the Night or Mega Man X you will be right at home here.In-depth review:The thing that really struck me about this game is that it is one of the fairest games I've ever played. Most other ""retro"" games nowadays bombard you with cheap deaths and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t enemies, but not this game. Every enemy and obstacle in the game can be overcome with precise timing, tactics, and spacing. Every enemy has an attack pattern that it will follow, which is what you as the player need to analyze and overcome. One or two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty enemies aside, everything in this game fits that mold. Platforming sections are much of the same. Once you figure out what sequence of button presses you need, you can do it perfectly every time. If you can't figure out how to do it with just your sword, there are 3 sub-weapons available to help you. These sub-weapons are ranged attacks with different trajectories, similar to the knife, axe, and holy water in Castlevania.The other thing that really delighted me was the strict adherence to the action part of the action platformer genre. The difference between an action platformer and a regular platformer is the focus on combat. No instant death pits, no knockback when you get hit, no pixel perfect jumps, etc. Though the game has a lot of platforming sections, most of them are pretty easy and straightforward. It is the combat with enemies that will wear you down. A really cool feature of this game is the ability to parry enemy projectiles by hitting them with your sword. This allows you to stay on the offensive much more than you normally would be able to because now instead of jumping all around to dodge stuff, you can stay right up in your enemies face and block all his stuff while hitting him at the same time. This adds another layer of skill to the game, as well as forcing the player to think about the risk/reward of blocking projectiles. As I mentioned above though, enemies obey strict timings in their attacks, which you can master. In the end you feel like a badass while also feeling challenged.The last part of the game I want to talk about is the exploration and the secrets. It's really good. The game has a very open and vertical layout, more similar to Wizards and Warriors than to any Castlevania game. The game follows the same general formula as every metroidvania games. You will see a part of a level that is unreachable to you, making you say to yourself ""oh, there must be an item that lets me get that"". However, the item progression is very much non-linear in the sense that you will not get the double jump item right after you encounter you first jump that requires it. Most items like that are buried deep at the end of a labyrinth, usually requiring you to traverse a large area while hitting a bunch of switches that will lower a gate with an item behind it. The first time this happened I had no idea what to expect, each time you get an item (save for one instance) it is a complete surprise. This is a nice break from the scenario I described above where you can pretty much perfectly predict when you will get a certain item.The reason the exploration aspect of the game is so good is becaue of the level design and layout. The level progression is basically taken straight from Castlevania 3. Every level has two exits, one that will take you to the next main level, and one ""secret"" exit that will take you to a different level. The levels aren't really secret as they are required to finish the game, but I'm going to call them by that name. I noticed that the secret levels have a higher difficulty level than the main ones, which is a nice touch because the game is designed such that you access those levels later in the game. What basically ends up happening is that you find an item in a main level, then go back through every previous level and secret level until you find a spot where you can get somewhere you couldn't before. This will often lead to another new item that will let you reach other new areas in other levels. This cycle continues until you have every item, but also gets more difficult as the later secret levels are quite a bit more difficult than the main levels. The game also tells you how many items there are to collect in each level so you don't to crazy trying to keep track, a much appreciated touch.Of couse the game is not perfect so here I will talk about the stuff that I didn't like or stuff that could be improved on. The shops in the game suffer from severe Skyrim syndrome. What I mean is that they are nice to have in the beginning of the game and can be quite useful, but by the end you will be skipping every one becuase you never have the need to buy anything. In addition to this, your gold total is ever increasing with nothing to spend it on. This isn't really a problem as much as a nitpick, but I went in expecting at least something important to be available in the shop, but the only things to buy a healing items, sub-weapon ammo, and extra lives. Nothing new is ever added.The other thing I don't think is quite perfect is the bosses. The games combat is set up in such a way that once you figure out the bosses pattern, it becomes trivial to defeat. This is fine for regular enemies, but I would have liked to see some of the bosses with a rage mode that changed up attack timings and added new attacks. I also think some of the bosses could have done with some more health, I was able to kill some of them after just a few attacks. On the flip side though, this game has some incredibly creative and original bosses, which I love to see. At the end of the day though, defeating the bosses didn't really fill me with satisfaction as much as it filled me with the feeling that I had just completed a chore.Overall the game is fantastic and is the best retro style game I've played since they became a thing, even beating out Shovel Knight and Axiom Verge. I got it on sale but it's absolutely worth the full price."
,Recommended,319480,18820913,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,zehelvion,"So yeah, I decided to write a review. I've probably never done this before.tl;dr:The game is cool and it does feel like an oldskul title.Graphics:The graphics are sometimes obviously much better (as they benefit hardware wise), using capabilities that were not available back in the day.Their blend of pixel-art-style is unique and somewhat strange as they intentionally used very few colors for every character and creature in the game (less than you normally would expect from an actual 8-bit title). Unlike an actual 8-bit title, the sprites don't share colors often. Each sprite has it's own set of colors and each color-set is somewhat distinct and specific to a single sprite. This makes for a very crisp and clear display that also stirs some strange emotions at times. There was something very alien at times about the graphical choices in old games and I think this bizarre use of (very few) colors captures that very well and even builds up on this making for a very unique vibe that somehow melds in my mind with 80's and early 90's Heavy Metal albums.The intro animation is pretty fantastic.Gameplay:The gameplay is rather good. It is very enjoyable with a joypad. I'd imagine that without one (using the keyboard), it would not be so much fun probably. You constantly feel like you are freshening up on your action platformer skills. You will improve if you play carefully and pay attention to patterns, doing what you can to learn from your mistakes.Exploring the game is fun and it is vast so there is plenty to explore for a few hours.The weapon and armor upgrades feel right and the secrets are fun and rewarding to look for.Challenge:The difficulty in this game could be vastly mitigated by the weapons, armor and hearts you find along the way, as well as the shops that are simply a play to grab additional health and ammo.Some enemies are harder to figure out than others. Some enemies are fairly easy once you understand their patterns.The game isn't hard but it's also rarely too easy (although that does happen). This is subjective. Some people find it too hard and I feel there are areas in the game that are more challenging than others. Overall there are no annoying spikes.Story:The story is a pretty simple plot about Dark Gods, evil demons and a lone superiorly skilled soldier made demon hunter going around, searching and slaying more and more evil creatures that happen upon his path. The texts are pretty good and fit with the atmosphere of the game.Sound:The sound effects and the music are good, I've never felt the urge to listen to music in the BG when I'm playing this game even though I imagine that Heavy Metal would suit this wonderfully.Overall:* Do you like Metroidvania games?* Do you prefer a gritty dark atmosphere in games?* Do you like the aesthetics of old games like Golden Axe and Rastan?If you answered yes, there's a good chance you""ll love (or like) this game.It is pretty good. Don't think there is any other game on Steam that really scratches that itch. Well actually there is! Axiom Verge I believe but the two games are very different. If you are into this sort of thing you""ll probably end up playing both of them if that's within your time constraints."
76561198160366372,Recommended,319480,31404047,Posted: 27 April,all,casulpants,"Just great. An awesome 8-bit throwback. Very tough and very fun. One part Metroidvania, with some Ninja Gaiden and maybe even some Strider thrown in there with a Berserk inspired storyline and you have Odallus. Definitely worth 5 bucks, it is a steal. Hope to see more from these guys."
,Recommended,319480,24987258,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,blob,"Incredible game unfortunately plague with many small bugs. 7.5/10This is one of the best hommage to the NES / SNES era I have played.Controls are tight, level design is spot on with the plethora of rewarding secrets and hidden levels & relics. Large amount of content (there's over 10 boss and minibosses) so the game's satisfying both on quality and quantity.Many subtle references to I believe megaman, wonderboy 3, demon's crest ( you can even play as an hommage to the red arremer with a dlc), tmnt (i think), castlevania, metroid... If you're from that game era, it's pretty fun to catch those.Odallus has a great, dark mood and world reminding of Berserk & demon's crest (crossed with like Saint Seiya, haha for the armored characters).The main problem of the game is that its riddled with small bugs which on rare occasion will force you to quit a level and restart it ( I had to redo that mine level 3 times...).Other lower point of the game is the SFX, almost all are done straight up with the free software SFXR and it'll make your ears bleed after a while. SFXR's great but some more post sound editing work on those would have been great, those purple bats sound like ♥♥♥♥ing car alarms.Two or three of the musics are memorable but the rest is fairly underwhelming unfortunately. Great first level & boss theme though, which are the most important tunes in a game IMO (the tune that gets you into the game, and the tune that you'll hear the most during high tension moments).The difficulty in normal is very fair. It's challenging but searching is very rewarding and no parts of the game feels ""impossible"".Favorite level: underground temple."
76561198073300109,Recommended,319480,21330348,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Toni,"I've had an eye on this one for quite a long time and finally got to play it.Odallus: The Dark Call is a mix of the older platformer Castlevanias and the newer metroidvanias, all resulting in a very solid, challenging and fun game.Pros:- Simple but effective gameplay, everything you'd expect: attack, jump, double-jump, glide, dash, etc.- Collect upgrades to get stronger: increase health, sub-weapon capacity, get new abilities and new equipment.- Secrets: explore, solve puzzles, break walls, overcome tricky jumps and so on to find your prizes.- Different game modes, and you won't just get new and stronger enemies but the whole run will be affected. Can't exactly trust your memories from a normal to a veteran playthrough(Alucard reference from SOTN maybe?).- Some references to other games/ media.Cons:- Some bugs here and there, not gamebreaking at all, just annoying sometimes, like with the  minecart parts that sometimes you fall on land but can't move and this forces you to quit and re-start the whole level(might get a fix in the future, idk).- Short, only 9 stages, although this fits the Castlevania style. It's important to note that there's quite the number of places to explore if you aim for a 100% run, and doing achievements further increases the play time. I've finished it all in 23 hours, but I'm not exactly fast.To me it was a well worth game, the pros far exceed the cons, really fun gameplay, totally recommended to the fans of Castlevania/ Metroidvania, oldschool games and medieval fantasy like Berserk."
76561198128472773,Recommended,319480,21975630,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,valahbr,"This game is painfully underappreciated. Come on everyone, spread the word, people simply must play this hidden masterpiece."
,Recommended,319480,25718183,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Implojin,"Do you like Castlevania? Metroid? Gargoyle's Quest / Demon's Crest? Do you want to relive your childhood PTSD from the electrified underwater level of NES TMNT?  Check this out for a whole pile of mechanics and monsters borrowed straight from the 8bit and 16bit days. The only thing missing is a mode 7 overworld map.The throwback references are a little bit *too* heavy at times, you will find yourself groaning as this game heaps on its self aware absurdity. There are also a few minor bugs and a mine cart level that felt a bit out of place (Hello, Donkey Kong Country), but overall it's a fun little title."
,Not Recommended,319480,28837516,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ＲＥＢＣＡＲＴ,"I went through all the main stages and got to the last stage, only to be greeted with an impassible barrier. At this point I only had the gauntlets and I didn't know what to do, and had to look up a guide. Apparently, you are REQUIRED TO FIND SECRETS. If a secret is a requirement to passing the game, they shouldn't be called secrets. Secrets should be optional things that help you become more powerful (like those heart pieces or bags), but they shouldn't be paths to get to required levels or powerups required to complete the game."
,Recommended,319480,20100098,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Vivacious Man,JoyMasher ♥♥♥♥ me.
,Recommended,319480,20814512,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Paleknight,Feels like a Castlevania with the Metroidvania style to it. Controls are very fluent and it's pretty challenging. Brings back old school memories without major frustration.
,Recommended,319480,22582066,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Hao | Shameless Seamus,"This is an excellent retro platform adventure game.  It draws inspiration from many games during the NES era, while integrating some modern mechanics to keep things interesting.  Initially the homage to the first three Castlevanias is very apparent, the graphics, level select and movement all bring back a familiarity that even later Castlevania's have trouble envoking. The level design and game mechanics also pay homage to many other franchises from that era as well.Progressing through the levels I found areas that reminded me of jumping through the tree tops in Wizards and Warriors, a mythology and backdrop as rich as The Battle of Olympus and plenty of secret areas initially unaccessable which would require me to return with specific relics that allow me to perform great feats much like a Zelda game.Then there are the bosses fights.  These delightful bouts with demon knights and giant monsters will seem familar to anyone who has played Castlevania or Metroid but the boss fights also draw influence from modern games such as Dark Souls.  The patterns for some of the bosses are incredibly complex, drawing the perfect amount of anxiety between each move. I'd fumble and die many times before learning their entire cycle.  By the end I'm ducking and hanging off of edges, jumping and cleaving all in perfect sync creating some of the most fluid and dance like boss battles I've witnessed in a game.This game has a lot of depth to it, and despite borrowing heavily from so many classic games, once the rose coloured glasses associated with the nostaligia it invoked wore off it is a well polished and interesting game that holds it's own weight.  The player has lots of control over the character, you can climb ledges and move blocks, trade with merchants, or find relics to add some extra abilities.  Each level drawing from a different inspiration presents a smörgåsbord of playgrounds to explore each one unique in its play style while all keeping the same familar control."
,Recommended,319480,25464573,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,WarezWaldo,"A very faithful 8-bit action game, true to its old school roots but with enough quality of life improvements to make it an enjoyable experience. Level design is varied and interesting, finding secrets is fun and the soundtrack is awesome.My only gripe is with the last boss. ♥♥♥♥ that guy."
76561197997613754,Recommended,319480,27741234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gins,"Really nails the feeling of what made classic NES games like Castlevania or Metroid great.Multiple paths, power-ups, secrets, great level and enemy variety, satisfying and challenging bossfights.It doesn't hold your hand, yet never feels unfair.If you crave for adventure, exploration and action, you've been looking for this."
,Recommended,319480,18069311,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Skrunklemin,"Amazing atmosphere and music, with straight-forward and familiar gameplay. If you love metroidvania games like I do, then you simply need to play this!"
76561198146065011,Recommended,319480,18242224,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,rusty-double-oh-seven,"This game is like a tribute to the greatest hits of 8-bit era.Hook your pc to old CRT, and use broken controller for a maximum effect -you'll feel like few years old kid playing NES...Again.Very nostalgic."
,Recommended,319480,29585932,Posted: 30 January,all,PAvandal,"There are a lot of retro-inspired games coming out nowadays, most of which fall short of capturing what made that era of gaming great. Odallus, however, nails it!Odallus: The Dark Call is a 8-bit style side scrolling Metroidvania with a dark & serious tone. The controls remind me a lot of the NES game Astyanax, but a lot faster and more comfortable. The art style & in-game text are great; they depict a country going mad as the inhabitants are mutated and turned into grotesque monsters. The music, while it doesn't jump out, services the rest of the story well.If you're in the mood for a retro-style game that captures the feel of that era perfectly, then look no further. Odallus: The Dark Call is a wonderful throwback title."
76561198179962105,Recommended,319480,18180887,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,silverlunastar39,"The moment I saw the trailer for this game I knew I needed it. I didn't want it: I NEEDED it.And boy, was I not let down.Odallus is a fantastic homage to the great action adventure games of yesteryear, combining elements from Castlevania, Gargoyle's Quest, Astynax, and Metroid. It blends sword-swinging action with careful platforming exploration, all within a darkly grim fantasy world.The graphics are gorgeous, the music (while subdued) fits the atmosphere perfectly, and the story is engaging enough to want to see to the end. And the gameplay, of course, provides more than enough challenge for those new to the genre and even for those who grew up with it (like myself.) It was just easy enough that I was able to progress at a moderate pace, but just difficult enough that I felt I got my money's worth.If I have a gripe about the game, it's the dialogue: whether intentional or not, the erratic Engrish took me out of the experience at times. I hope it's something they fix in the future.But if a few grammatical mistakes are the only complaints I have with the game, that's quite alright by me. I cannot stress enough how amazing this game is. Buy it."
76561197994686280,Recommended,319480,17082045,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,whatthetrash,"I haven't finished playing it yet (I'm about 3 hours in), but I just wanted to say that I think the game is fantastic! The art, the sound effects, the level design and variety of gameplay are all top-notch. Having a BLAST so far. The only thing I don't like so far is the design decision to *sometimes* go through a short obstacle course of sorts before fighting the boss again (in the event that you didn't defeat it the first time). A save point right before the boss would have been preferred. Most bosses have a checkpoint right before them, though - so this isn't too much of a big deal. :)Just wanted to say that I'm having a great time and THANK YOU for making games like this. Much respect! ^_^"
,Recommended,319480,28899310,Posted: 1 January,all,BlishBlash,"Odallus has copious amounts of style and charm, and finding the secrets in each level is quite satisfying.However, expect some frustration here and there. There are some elements of the game that could have used a bit more playtesting and tweaking. Still, if you persevere, you will overcome any obstacle the game throws at you."
76561198030732696,Recommended,319480,29213117,Posted: 12 January,all,BreadHarrity,"This game does a great job of combining the elements that made Castlevania, Metroid, and other similar retro games amazing: brooding atmosphere, tight controls, challenging gameplay, exploration, powerups, upgrades, and monstrous bosses. If you need to scratch that nostalgic itch, get this!"
,Recommended,319480,33873039,Posted: 28 July,all,dicky seamus,"Great game guys. Really enjoyed all the throwback nods here. Buy the skins people, show these guys some love. Loved it."
,Recommended,319480,35099597,Posted: 21 September,all,Spady,"Good metroidvania, that is interesting to explore"
76561197971761334,Recommended,319480,20574555,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Adonik,"Got this on sale.  It's a nice lttle throwback to retro platformers with some Metroid elements and Castlevania references thrown in.  Not too difficult on the hardest difficulty you can play to start, though there may be a harder mode you can unlock.  Much more forgiving than old NES titles since it saves your progress for you.  I recommend it if you've got an itch to go back to the past for a bit."
,Recommended,319480,21146357,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Animus Rex,"What a rad game.  References to A song of Ice and Fire, Dune, Lovecraft, Berserk, as well as plenty others.  Some super tight controls, the game never drags on or feels unfair (except maybe against the last boss, but then I realized I shouldn't still have the starter armor).  All in all, very much worth the money."
76561197960789142,Recommended,319480,21264952,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,RiD.Grimlock,"This game is incredible.  It combines the feel of Castlevania with some Dark Souls, Berserk, Demon's Crest, Ghosts 'n Goblins.  The world is rich, the story is interesting, the characters are unique.During my 9 hour 45 minute playthrough, I took my time to make sure I got all secrets and explored every area.  It is a very intuitive game that is designed very well, it does not beat you over the head with what buttons you have to press, but instead shows you how the game works.  The game is challenging but not brutally difficult.Normally I play through a game and then move on, but I honestly want to go back through the game already after just beating it and try the Veteran Mode.I would almost say that this is a perfect game, but there were a few minor bugs that I ran into, nothing that was gamebreaking whatsoever, but still there.   And there were a couple parts where I felt the translation may have been off or something because, while the text made sense, it seemed like it was not accurate.There is great controller support for an xbox controller, no adjustment needed.The soundtrack is great.  The sprites/art is impressive.  The story is engaging and also does not hold your hand, in fact, you gain a lot of the story from the background and secrets.Would absolutely recommend.9.75/10"
,Recommended,319480,22797635,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Squarishlink[⚝AFUKNLEAF⚝],"Highly recommend this game for platform enthusiasts, the game has a healthy balance of challenge and rewards.The music is fantastic, the art is reminiscent of 4 color pallet nes sprites, and the game has great replay-ability with its veteran mode."
76561198082493092,Recommended,319480,30252836,Posted: 28 February,all,valor87,"Alright, so I'm a big fan of anything that reminds me of Super Metroid. Platforms are a favorite of mine, and this game didn't disappoint!You're basically this guy who's people are dying due to these evil demons plaguing the land. You're trying to find the source of the evil, and you play these levels along the way killing monstrous demons.This game is classic metroidvania and feels like you're playing the NES back in the day. You'll find upgrades along the way to your armor and weapon, as well as new abilities that will allow you to backtrack and collect secret treasures, etc. I got 96% on my first try, so anyone can pick this up and figure out the mechanics of it.I will say the final boss/es fight aggravated me a little because it was pretty much blind luck whether or not you had enough health to kill the final boss, but overall the game experience is pretty solid.It's not a super long game, but for the price I would say it's worth it. 8/10"
76561198003867292,Recommended,319480,21698723,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ben,"A beautiful game if you enjoyed old school games of the 90's like Castlevania and Super Metroid.  It manages to reference and nod to the source material without deviating from it's own dark gothic themes.It's NES-era Castlevania 3 at heart, albeit with some Metroidvania-esque item hunting.  If you were a fan of that time or want to know what games *felt* like in the 90's, this is an absolute blast from the past."
,Recommended,319480,28476491,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,Another fantastic nintendo-hard platformer by Joymasher
,Recommended,319480,22346583,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Georome,"If you're fatigues by pseudo 8-bit retro games, please don't let that put you off Odallus: The Dark Call. This game is not a satire, not a parody, and not a weak imitation. It takes all of the stark glory of retro sprites and music, and adds a captivating setting and solid gameplay elements. Most people will think of Castlevania when they see this game, but to me, this is an 8-bit Dark Souls."
76561198271192784,Recommended,319480,29709760,Posted: 4 February,all,Band Of The Hawk,"One of my favs currently in my library. The developers did a great job in capturing the old retro style gameplay and yet still add some new concepts to keep things fresh. Art design in this game is fastastic, and with a good level of difficulty that feels rewarding when finishing/defeating bosses."
,Recommended,319480,22460696,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Giovanos,"This game is lots of fun. There are lots of power ups to be found and the forward dash will make you feel more badass than you could possibly dream of being in Symphony of the Night. Don't worry about people saying it's very hard, the game is very fair so if you work on learning enemy patterns it'll be ok. There are few (if any) unavoidable attacks and when you die you'll feel like you deserved it. Also, you won't lose any progress if you die when playing on normal, so the game is very forgiving. The mine cart sections are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t though, sorry."
,Recommended,319480,17099390,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ringo,"TL;DR - If you like old school NES Castlevania then you'll like this.-Graphics are retro style and while it seems everybody is releasing games using them, they are a perfect fit for what is essentially NES Castlevania with a sword.-Controls: 4 direction movement, attack, jump, swap sub-item and menu. Up+Attack performs sub-item attack.-Combat is simple. Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of stuff with your sword and sub-items until it dies. Enemies have patterns for movement and attacks with some randomization between them.-The upgrade system is direct and linear. Hold more sub-items, get stronger armor, stronger sword, more life.-There is a world map for selecting what stage you want to do. Stages are somewhat open with multiple paths to the stage boss as well as multiple exits which open different stages for you to select on the world map. You can revisit stages as often as you like and the world map gives you information about the stages regarding secrets found and whether you've killed the stage boss.-You have limited lives once you've started a stage but losing all your lives only kicks you back to the world map. You keep any upgrades you find along the way. You can also find merchants within the stages that will sell you food to restore life, more sub-item ammo and even extra lives.*Review posted with a little over an hour played and 4 stages completed."
76561197972318657,Recommended,319480,18073108,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Starman,"Much like Oniken, this sounds, plays, and feels just like perfection. Like a Castelvania or Shinobi sequel I never had but always yearned for."
76561198035353425,Recommended,319480,20935769,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ProfessorElsaesser,"I've been on a huge metroidvania kick recently. Odallus was great because not only did it do justice to the metroidvania genre, it did it uniquely with a ""NES"" era feel to it. The controls work well, level design is excellent, bosses are tough. I'm actually stuck on the last level right now. Would recommend to any retro/metroidvania game fans!"
,Recommended,319480,25653221,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,KidRetro,Very enjoyable game for those who like old school nes/snes style side scrollers. Can be a bit difficult but nothing an old school gamer hasn't experienced before. Especially recommended on sale!
,Recommended,319480,25135859,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tockeshop,"Odallus The Dark Call!!!Nostalgia at its bestGreat SoundtrackMultiple paths and multiple upgradesEnjoyable play-throughEntertaining Boss battlesOverall, Great Replay ValueComparable with Steam ControllerPlease contine to develop games like these!"
,Recommended,319480,20248713,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Genose - twitch.tv/genose,"If you liked Demon's Crest, you will love this game."
,Recommended,319480,33023905,Posted: 29 June,all,JCtheDUDE,"I enjoyed this game a lot. It is aggressively old school both in terms of how it looks and how it plays. Controlling the main character felt really good, and all of the levels were generally fun to explore. It can be pretty difficult at times, but nothing felt too unfair (with the exception of a few off screen spawning monsters). With the bosses especially, it was fun to learn the patterns and fight them. Anyway, I liked this game."
,Recommended,319480,25121324,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Voukras,"This game felt like a 2D Dark Souls. It was punishing and difficult, but ultimately rewarding and very well balanced. The level design is top notch and I haven't had this kind of fun in quite a while. Because the level design is so well done, the game manages to be hard, using a limited lives system, without becoming repetitive. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a bit more of a workout than the average game."
76561197976400969,Recommended,319480,17878694,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Oatmeal Pete,"Bottom line: It's a fun, challenging game. If you like Castlevania, you should pick it up, and I say that as someone who did not enjoy Joymasher's last game, Oniken.It is challenging, but not as difficult as the original Castlevania games. This is mainly due to save points and the game saving your progress in a level even if you have to continue. You'll never have to re do a boss or find an item twice, though you may have to do some platforming or autoscroll sections a lot. These are typically a lot of fun though.The story is pretty fun, though I don't understand why a guy who is singularly focused on getting his kid back from Lovecraftian blood gods would keep backtracking to find larger bags to carry his weapons and new jewelry.The only real complaints that I have are with the bosses and the graphics. The bosses are really cool and impressive, but they aren't especially hard. The only boss that had me wanting to toss my controller was the final boss, and he's a pretty big jump in difficulty from the rest of the game.The graphics are obviously supposed to look like they are from an 8 bit system. It's a stylistic choice, but with gorgeous games like Shovel Knight around, it seems silly for the developers to limit themselves, especially when I can tell that a lot of creativity went in to making the bosses look gruesome. I'd really like to see their designs more clearly."
,Recommended,319480,17095754,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sinking Dutchman,"If you want a challenge, don't find the dark armor and don't collect 50 torches.If you want to commit the act of near-instant deicide upon the final boss, do."
,Recommended,319480,20110720,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Az Ray Of Light,"This is the best indie retro game I've played yet and I've been through plenty. As a huge fan of Castlevania II, Zelda 2 and Demon's Crest, Odallus scratched an itch that's been itching for a long time."
,Recommended,319480,17150516,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,solamon77,"Fantastic throw back to the NES era! Levels packed with secrets, multiple paths to follow, and interesting enemies and bosses. Kind of reminds me of a mix of Trojan and Castlevania II for those of you old enough to remember these games.For a certain type of gamer, those nostalgic for that lost NES goodnes, this game is going to be pure nirvana.Pros:+ Fantastic level design. Many secrets to find+ Interesting enemies and bosses+ Cool retro story+ Responsive controls+ Pitch-perfect NES style art (even the palette and tile size is spot on)Cons:- Not long enough (in that the game was so much fun I didn't want it to end!)- A couple difficulty spikes. (the end boss being one of them)"
,Recommended,319480,17638185,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Deceased Crab,"A classic platformer to sink your teeth into. It has plenty of container powerups, abilities, and relics to find.The physics are okay, remind me a little bit of Moon Crystal honestly. Which I'm just guessing you've never played, oh well.Not as gory as you'd think. Plenty of demons and monsters, sure, but not quite the blood you're expecting.Attacking can take getting used to at first, but it speeds up later.Also slightly annoying that three of the secrets required to find the final piece of armor are not counted in the level secrets total for those levels.The difficulty is not terrible, many bosses can be beaten by sheer force of lifebar if you're tenacious enough. The final bosses gave me a bit of trouble, they can be tricky to hit safely.If you like exploring and are willing to revisit old areas numerous times to clear out all the secrets, you'll do well. Otherwise this game is just going to kick your butt.Story is cool... doesn't actually go anywhere, really, kind of goes off on a tangent at the end. Still okay.Worthwhile. Difficult, but worthwhile."
76561197980186686,Recommended,319480,18139873,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,TrueChicken,"I like this game very much. Its a fine game.What is strange about this game is that it doenst let you discover things yourself like the older games did. Everything is explained, from the rock that is too heavy to how to escape the first boss net. It lost the sense of wonder a little bit, the things are connected to you already. It could be just the rock there. That is it. You try to push and cant. Try another way.The first boss for example, after killing him that I realized there were two blocks on the upper part to avoid him. But I just axed him to death.. because it was a better solution. Like Castlevania 4 where using the whip alone is a better solution. (see sequelitis video to know what Im saying)Love the first bag: ""Your was increased by 5"". MY... WHAT? oh the tension!Nice graphics, I also like the movement and scale of things very much. Easy to learn. About the story, I dont really care. Fire everywhere, jumping fire, firing burning in pits with no combustible whatsoever eternally. Love thi stuff. Sound effects are awesome too.I also like that this game has an aqueduct.""moso pfv o auqeduto""""vc eu tneho caar d``mapa""--------------------------------Edit: I also liked how much the torch, axe and spear are usable, they really help through the game.The last boss was really fun, some other bosses were too easy, you could just spam attack them to death.Anyway, nice game."
,Recommended,319480,17494837,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,Best Castlevania game I've played in years
76561197965280354,Recommended,319480,21792400,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,"Benpai, Notice Me","Odallus is like a modern version of an old-school Castlevania. Replace classic monsters with stuff you'd see on heavy metal album covers and pulp fantasy horror novels. Great music, solid gameplay. It's a little short, but the real ending requires you to 100% the game. Good luck. :)"
,Recommended,319480,22313652,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tryckser,"If you like games like Castlevania you should definetly check out this game. Very good controls, cool stages, awesome bosses, eery atmosphere. It has everything you would expect from a Castlevania game."
76561198022657661,Recommended,319480,27383097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Harrison Ford,"It's been a long time since I've beaten a modern game and read the words, ""Thank you for playing!"" at the very end.I can't say enough good things about Odallus: The Dark Call.  It's well written (minus a few minor typos) and has tight controls and is very challenging.  Odallus is an excellent action side scrolling action game that reminded me of many games of old: Ninja Gaiden, Mega Man X, Metroid, Castlevania, Magician Lord, Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts, Demon's Crest, Donkey Kong Country,  and Xardion, to name a few.The reason I love Odallus so much, is even how familiar it felt it was full of great surprises.  Many of the power ups surprised and delighted me.  They felt like familiar friends, all coming together to hang out.  Given the style of game that it is, Odallus uses it's power ups in nice, game changing ways.  Sure, they increase your accessability, but they also make you think in new ways and give you new approaches in combat, which by the way, is very tight.Many of the enemies behaved in ways that I didn't expect.  I would often look at enemies and think of something it reminded me of from another game...and then it would do something completely different and force me to react in a new way.  It was like a new twist on something old, and I play a lot of old games from the NES and SNES era so this game was highly relatable for me.  Some things were rote;  for example, there's the enemy that flies in odd patterns, then glides across the screen and drops fireballs on you.  I literally just fought something like that in Demon's Crest yesterday, yet, this boss felt fresh due to the way the developers used the terrain and some other mix up attacks.  Definitely my favorite boss fight.  (I won't say what level it was in so you don't get spoiled.)I played the game on a wireless Xbox 360 controller, and it worked great.  The controls are simple and make sense.  I did not try keyboard controls.If I had to say one bad thing about the game, it's that two of the areas are far, far too large and were frustrating to navigate because they were too easy to get lost in.  In the case of those two levels, I would say to the devs, ""Less is more,"" and especially for a game like this.  I finished my first playthrough in under 5 hours, and it was a very fun ride.  The progression felt great, and finding all the secrets really made me think.I feel that the game is underpriced.  I think $10.00 would be more than reasonable for a game like this, considering that it has a lot of replayability.  I can't wait to play through the game again and try a different sequence of events.The music in the game is great, just as an extra mention, as are the sound effects.  Very classy and enjoyable.As for level design, this game nails so many grand and subtle design choices that it felt like I was playing a modern summary of older video games.  So many times I found myself saying, ""Oh, that reminds me of NInja Gaiden, or Mega Man X!""  Even though this game borrows mechanics from many other games, it definitely feels like it has it's own personality and can easily stand on it's own feet.  The bosses are very well designed, although a couple of them felt trivial because I could just button mash them.Overall, I rate this game a 9/10, giving it a ding for those extra large levels, which frustrated me.This game is an easy recommendation for people who like action and exploration with power ups that increase your accessability as you go.  I hope many people get an opportunity to enjoy it, because it might make younger gamers try older games, and it will definitely make older games remember ""the old days."""
,Recommended,319480,32663626,Posted: 22 June,all,Roninboy00,"i gotta tell you, JoyMasher is a ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal publisher. Oniken brought me too them, and now Odallus has made me a loyal fan. do not pass these guys up if you enjoy these kinds of games because they bring the well made Nostalgia in buckets straight to your table.10/10 and has a good amount of replay value for your dollar!"
,Recommended,319480,21243221,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Leglock,"I was hoping that ""Berserk"" had a good nes title long enough. Odallus is the close thing i will ever dream.This game is simple, yet perfect.I´m not waiting for a second part, but I´m waiting another master piece like this!One of the best platformers I played in a long time."
,Recommended,319480,21943881,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Aseliot,"This game is from the same makers as Oniken, which was a really hard game.I feared this game might be the same and almost gave up the snow level boss but then realized I had to go back and get a sword upgrade. It's not as hard as oniken but is quite challenging at times, namely some of the bosses gave me some trouble.It's very castlevania in style, story and progression. You have to collect armor/sword upgrades by aquiring relics that allow you to go back to previous levels and access areas you previously could not get too. This also unlocks the later levels that have other relics at the end of them.For the people that wanted it to be hard like Oniken there is always the extra difficult Veteran mode at the end."
76561198041995956,Recommended,319480,18852420,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bahamut66,"This company, Joymasher, seems to excel at NES style games.  This one is a superb mix of Castlevania, Metroid, and Astyanax.  It's got a dark story about gods abandoning the world and one man's quest to find his son and reclaim what little joy there is to be had in his life.  The sprites look great and the design work for the bosses is inspired with some horrific, sometimes even Lovecraftian nightmares staring you down.  Controls are tight and superb and the game has a plethora of secrets to find, with control schemes for classic NES controller, keyboard, or modern 360 controller.  It also does away with instant death traps and pits, for the most part, only taking a bit of health when you die...so in my opinion it's more polished than many old school NES games from way back when.  There are cut scenes and I wish we had more of them, but overall, there aren't too many flaws here.  If you want an old school NES game done right, with the polish and care of true pros, I say don't be dissuaded by this games price tag.  It's only 4-5 hours long if you really drag it out, but it's well worth the price of admission.  I had a great Halloween blowing through this game.Buy it."
76561198027007978,Recommended,319480,33352442,Posted: 7 July,all,Zeitgeist,"This is a pretty solid game. It has good controls and nice retro graphics and music. There are branching levels and lots of secrets to find. The only problems are that you can get somewhat lost when you don't find the one crucial upgrade. Also there is a lot of backtracking and memorizing where you have been before - there is no map in the game. Moreover, the final boss is excessively hard, a stark contrast to all the other bosses in the game. If you are not an ultra-hardcore gamer, then you need to collect all upgrades to have any chance."
,Recommended,319480,23843993,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nightbreed,"Did you have an NES as a child? Ever play the original Castlevania or even games like Contra? If you answered yes to either of those questions, then you NEED this game."
76561197964342785,Recommended,319480,23314125,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,khachik2003,"Love it.  Classic Metroidvania gameplay with a lot of secrets, tight controls, and a great design aesthetic.  Love the music too.  Overall feel of game is awesome.  More people need to support these devs, their love of classic gaming shines through in Odallus.  Please buy"
76561198084094637,Recommended,319480,23410303,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Giant_Marvin,"The levels are sprawling and gorgeous, the music kicks major♥♥♥♥♥ enemies are tough and fun to beat down. Story is not cumbersome but there's a unique mystery to it. Shaping up to be one of my all time favorite games on Steam.My one little gripe is that the launcher prevents me from using the in-home streaming feature smoothly, which I use to play on projector. But if that doesn't bother you the game is awesome."
,Recommended,319480,25656103,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,makesound,"Fantastic retro platformer that is heavily inspired by the classic Castlvania series. Odallus combines the expert level design of Dracula's Curse, the branching pathways of Dracula X, the exploratory aspect of Simon's Quest and adds in puzzle platforming and item collecting that is less like Metroid and more like Demon's Crest. It's visually impressive, but it's much more than a superficial tribute. The controls are precise and the difficulty is incredibly balanced. There are no cheap deaths in this game, but it doesn't hold your hand either. Highly recommended."
76561198023020011,Recommended,319480,27528024,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Razel,Outstanding old school-like experience.
76561198025230896,Recommended,319480,29290727,Posted: 15 January,all,jbopatrick,"Hands down, Odallus is my favorite game to date on Steam. If the NES is your most loved gaming system, you may come to the same conclusion as well. If you aren't a big fan of the NES, there is still room to love this game, if Metroidvanias are your thing. You can tell the game was crafted with care, to be a true throw back, with the limited pallet, and the awesome sprites.  I often find myself ignoring fuax retro games, as most of them seem like a pixel based cash in, without retaining the real charm of retro gaming. Odallus is the real deal."
76561197984014946,Recommended,319480,25069273,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dos Equis,"I've been gaming very casually this year. Not in the Bejeweled/Farmville cell phone game way, but when I do make time to game I am usually pulling up a game on my PS4 or here on steam and playing for an hour or so.Maybe it was the lack of stellar releases this year or the fact that we were in the summer dry spell. Regardless of the cause of my illness (let's call it Gamer Blues) Odallus: The Dark Call was for sure the cure.Not only one of the best Metroidvania, not only one of the best reto games, Odallus is one of the best games I have played this year and that is including Dark Souls 3 and Uncharted 4. While this game is probably more comparable to the amazing Shovel Knight. I think this game is a step above even that indie gem.This game is fun to play. It has excellent combat and looks like it belongs on the NES (in a good way). The developers must have really loved their NES growing up and the overall experience of playing a game in the early 90's late 80's era. So much so that there is a screen effect in the game that mimics the effects of an old CRTV. Soundtrack is solid. While not on the level of old Megaman games from the NES era still solid. Variety is great and the hunt for secrets is fueled by a desire to become stronger.The 10.9 hours I played of this game was split in two sessions. I would beat it again but I read it is coming to the PS4, where I will buy and beat it again.HIGHLY RECCOMEND!"
76561197961741739,Recommended,319480,30287863,Posted: 2 March,all,Pliskin,"Amazing game. Good story, excellent play mode and very fun!."
,Recommended,319480,25116891,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Turch,"A great example of retro done right. This game captures the essence of NES-Style Metroidvania games in gothic style with an Old Gods twist. Even though it isn't a perfect recreation of NES capabilties, with Row Effects and Parallax Backgrounds, these do nothing to take back from the experience. Where other games attempt to downscale characters via pixels, this game emulates the old trend of using negative space in pixels to help the player infer detail.I very much enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,319480,23769657,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SirZane,"Love this game.Reminds me of castlevania.Even played a demo when a gaming convention in my town was here and met the creator.The OST is really nostalgic too.Goes back to the roots on what made old games good.The dark calls for me, and it should you too."
,Recommended,319480,30179445,Posted: 25 February,all,Gibli,"I'm still early in my playtime for this game, but if you want a hellishly hard game that is a true call back to the classic NES games, then this is a game for you, if you want an easy hack 'n slash, this aint for you."
,Recommended,319480,25735745,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Darius,"I don't write reviews well, but this game is underrated so... TLDW: Just get it already and play it, it's a crime that such a great game hasn't got the following that something like Shovel Knight has when its about as good. If you like Castlevania games, this is right up your alley."
,Recommended,319480,24001540,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mdgnmdgn,Deliberately paced action game. Play it if you're good.
,Recommended,319480,27954234,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BLANK,"The game is really nice, and it has that ""castlevania: simon's quest"" feel, but there is a major problem (well for me)every time you start the game, if you don't press play in less than 30 sec. the game gonna crash.Same thing happens when ya finish one of stages, game crashes, and it's really sad that such thing happens.This game is really good, but it keep's crashing for me, every time I try to play it."
76561198043869924,Recommended,319480,27345530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sewing-life Alchemist,"This game was very enjoyable, a fun, incredibly retro metroidvania for the modern ages."
76561198118001227,Recommended,319480,19677992,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Saint Saito,"Always good to play Castlevania like game, but Odallus stands on its on to me. I love the games these guys drop, keep it up!!!"
76561198019134697,Recommended,319480,19532161,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ness,"A really good middle-ground between classic Castlevania and ""Metroidvanias""."
76561198065747503,Recommended,319480,23851179,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Parasyt_Steve,"This is easily one of the best Metroidvania games I have ever played. I think its actually the very best.Pros:-Best level and enemy desing I've seen in too long.-A MINE CART LEVEL! (This is of utmost importance.)-The main character's name is Haggis, and he has a mullet. *drops the mic*Cons-No multiplayer."
,Recommended,319480,33166621,Posted: 2 July,all,Xolta11,A damn fine castlevania clone.
76561198142562307,Recommended,319480,28745741,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SHREK SUCKS DUCK DICK,Castlevania meets Ghosts and Goblins meets Megaman X. Absolutely killer.
76561198173899526,Recommended,319480,32064030,Posted: 30 May,all,Groove Wizard,"Let's go straight to the point, this is your go-to castlevania-style game on Steam.Odallus clearly shines among the ridiculous number of attempts to recapture the spirit of good old NES games. There's an awesome catchy soundtrack all the way through, and the colorful design and choice of palette wonderfully manage to create this gloomy and yet badass atmosphere that is so typical of the Castlevania series.The gameplay itself is even more awesome, though, for there are a few features from modern platformers that make the character more maneuverable than fellow Richter Belmont, while the gameplay keeps the rigidity and tight controls we learnt to love in this kind of games.Difficulty-wise, it's what you should expect from a modern game that looks to feel like Castlevania. Normal mode might feel hard for those who are not that much into that kind of games, but it's still forgiving enough to not be a pain to beat.On the other hand, Veteran mode (NG+) is some serious♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is cleverly reworked to be harder, but not in a repetitive way. You get to see new enemies, to go through a new route, for areas and item locations are different, bosses have new patterns, and running out of lives does matter. Basically one of the best NG+ I've ever seen.And did I mention the lore ? Oh come on, don't be shy, buy it !"
,Recommended,319480,26254244,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),This game has made me very nostalgic!!! I would recommend it to any castlevania fan. Love the art/music and gameplay! This definitely is a hidden gem on steam.
76561198013981795,Recommended,319480,32988786,Posted: 29 June,all,Leucocito,9/10
,Recommended,319480,17198167,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,redfalcon696,"Great game, and was a ton of fun!Really similar to a high-end 8-bit or low-end 16-bit title, but the graphics, gameplay, and soundtrack are awesome.If you  like sidescrollers with adventure and tons of secrets, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,319480,17151017,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BONESNRUB,"A very solid action-platformer with a wealth of influences. Much like its contemporary, Shovel Knight, Odallus pays homage to some of the classics of the genre. Visually, it utilizes the best aesthetic sensibilities of NES-era titles like Castlevania to create something that is both atmospheric and complementary to the game's mechanics. It manages to feel authentic and evocative of the NES era without having to actually bend to that system's limitations.Where Shovel Knight was clearly influenced, mechanically, by games like Zelda 2, Ducktales, and Mega Man, Odallus feels more influenced by games like Castlevania, Super Metroid, and Demon's Crest. It even brings Dark Souls to mind, in the way the game spreads its checkpoints thin and punishes the player for being impatient.Odallus is a short game (my save file clocked in just shy of six hours), but never feels padded. I definitely feel like I got my $15 out of it. The difficulty hit a real sweet-spot for me, managing to be just punishing enough to keep me on my toes, and just fair enough in its difficulty to keep me engaged. It's not a technically flawless game (the way the camera snaps in certain levels can be jarring), I found the story to be virtually incomprehensible, and I encountered a few minor bugs, but nothing game-breaking. At the end of the day, I found Odallus to be a thoroughly satisfying game experience."
76561197995207287,Recommended,319480,17233700,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Carl James,"This game is great.  Obviously not for everyone, but if you are in to retro inspired games that are clearly made with a lot of love and polish then this is for you.  Odallus is a sidescrolling action game with small bits of exploration to find all of the various power ups and one hidden boss.  Stages are chosen from an overworld map similar to Shovel Knight and allowing them to be tackled in the order of the users choosing while also having hidden exits to sub stages similar to Demon's Crest.  Combat consists of your standard sword attack and multiple sub weapons that the player can find or purchase from vendors throughout the game.  Clearly inspired by classics like the aforementioned Demon's Crest and Castlevania, but with it's own personality I would highly recommend this game."
76561198028845835,Recommended,319480,17114376,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Griseus Lupus,"I strongly reccommend this game. It's probably the best retro style game available on Steam. It most heavily draws inspiration from the original Castlevania games, and in many ways surpasses them."
,Recommended,319480,17132920,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Insane,great old school style game
76561198003336774,Recommended,319480,17167120,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,naragoth-BPR,"Just finished, Well worth my time and money =)  Thank You JoyMasher and keep up the good work!The game is short by some standards beatable in around 4 hours give or take, I didn't find every secret but I was very close.  The final boss is challenging and fun.  The graphics and design are all nastalgic of NES era gaming.All in all very good for what you pay and excellent for when you have a bit of downtime from work/kids/etc.  My daughter got a kick out of sitting with me and even put a few tries in herself during our sessions."
76561197979528165,Recommended,319480,17295617,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jonimelavo,"I love these types of throwback games inspired by the classics from yesteryear. They definitely don't make 'em like they used to. I love the Castlevania-esque asthetic, the tight controls, the retro feel feel of this game. High, high recommend."
76561198039227604,Recommended,319480,17769972,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,empty,Definitely the best recreation/homage to the NES-era Castlevania games I've played. The art style is very remincient of Castlevania I-IV and the music and sound effects are perfect. The other thing that really made this game stand above the rest was the feeling of being powerful whenever you find an upgrade. Other developers should take note of the real weight of the progression in Odallus: The Dark Call.
,Recommended,319480,17257530,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,billbotics,"This game is very, very good. It is also very, very frustrating.If you like NES games like Castlevania, Demon's Crest, Astynax, etc., then you will love this.  Nostalgia factor aside, it's still a very fun and well made game....but seriously, ♥♥♥♥ the last boss."
76561197989123482,Recommended,319480,17740440,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,WIGGAGATTS,"such an awesome metroid like game, recommend to anyone who wants to be a kid again :)"
,Recommended,319480,26775393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpikeWhiplash,Amazing game with that retro Metroidvania feel. Simple but ruthless
,Recommended,319480,26653592,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Prim,Really solid game that's rough around the edges.
,Recommended,319480,26739890,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sander,♥
76561198062024294,Recommended,319480,17184580,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sith_1ord,"Odallus: The Dark Call is a Metroidvania-like platforming action game made in 8-bit style. In short the game is great. Gameplay, while having nothing really new, feels great. You have your normal sword which you find upgrdes for and three types of sub-weapons. There are no useless things in your inventory, you will find yourself using them at some point.The difficulty is decent: it offers a good challenge without becoming a nightmare to live through. What is nightmarish, though, is the enemy design: you can find many kinds of demonic creatures, some of which people might find disturbing. Overall design seems to be inspired by Berserk manga (it's so obvious that even I, who never read it, can see that) which adds more appeal for dark fantasy fans.UPD. Veteran Mode is out and boy it is hard. New difficulty setting provides an even better challenge, introducing new enemy types and changing power-up locations. However, they also added a lil' bit of fake difficulty: bosses now summon lesser enemies to assist them which often puts you in a situation when the damage cannot be avoided.I had great fun with this game, and frankly speaking, it's the best Castlevania-like games I played in recent time, deserving a solid 9/10.P.S. Omigod, this sequel hook!"
,Recommended,319480,23743795,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Phantom Lazer,The rage boner this game gives me could cut diamonds. 10/10
76561197961774441,Recommended,319480,34482662,Posted: 25 August,all,GordoBoss666,"thanks dudes, I feel like i'm 8 again"
76561197992060534,Recommended,319480,17143953,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ChristianT82,One of the best games I played this year!
76561197997217474,Recommended,319480,19183143,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,tkd,So good that I can't believe it was made by Brazilians.
76561198022377661,Recommended,319480,24961576,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Subiectus,"I had been waiting for a good Castlevania game for a very long time. Lords of Shadow series was a big dissapointment to me. Thanks to Odallus: The Dark Call, my hunger for a good Castlevania game is satisfied, for now...10/10"
,Recommended,319480,26188411,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MisterCrabman,"This game is good. This is how games are supposed to look like... in my opinion.Music is ok, gameplay is good... obviously I played easy Mario games too much. For me, this one here is kinda challenging."
,Recommended,319480,25062404,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,Buy the Red Gargoyle DLC skin and then realize this is the closest thing we will ever get to another Gargoyle's Quest game. Red Arremer for life.
,Recommended,319480,24199433,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bryanthevideogamenerd,good
,Recommended,319480,25138452,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,abused by cardboard,it crashed once but it's pretty good; 10 hours of play
,Recommended,319480,24768976,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ruemanshu,if you like metroidvania games...this one is fun and worth playing.
,Recommended,319480,26061717,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pinchy,Based metroidvania you can 100% in a day.
76561198119880452,Not Recommended,319480,20795090,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Daimoth,"Don't let the Demon's Crest name drop fool you, this is 8-bit difficulty at its most fickle, which pairs poorly with an old school lives system. Though to its credit, you aren't forced to enter a lengthy password afterward.The controlls are only marginally less stiff than those of the 8-bit Castlevania games, from which this Odallus is primarily derived. Seriously, do not play this game if you don't like the way the old Castlevania games handled. You even fly backward when you take damage. And yes, there will be water hazards.Odallus is in need of a quality-of-life patch. I found a menu which can only be exited by scrolling to the bottom of a list, the stage select and ""begin stage"" functionalities are accessed separately; all things which would have been mildly grating even in the '80s. And to the horror of the TotalBiscuits of the world, the options menu is sparse, and only accessible before the game actually launches.Technical problems and bugs: Odallus is picky about controllers. I ended up using an old SNES controller piped through a USB adapter. If you die during a boss fight, you'll occasionally end up with both the boss music and the stage music playing simultaneously. And after the second boss fight, I had to faff around to get the game to accept character input again - I found entering and exiting the start menu worked most reliably. It's worth noting that I began playing in windowed mode after suspecting the game didn't handle alt+tabbing well - some of these bugs may be attributable to that.I appreciate what they were trying to do - believe me, I do - but this one's a bit low on playability."
76561198142276578,Not Recommended,319480,20859721,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Prosaltyjohn,"After hour 2, this game becomes so ungodly confusing and back asswards, it might as well be called Castlevania Ripoff Simon's Quest 2: The Suckening.I want my god damn money back for this atrocity."
,Not Recommended,319480,17424726,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Grarr,"Aquaduct area 1 boss appears, roars, then leaves screen. The game then softlocks. Everytime.The game is updated; the notes say ""Aquaduct boss 1 fixed"" but it sure isn't."
,Not Recommended,319480,17085417,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Good attempt, but auto scrollers and stiff movement kill this game.And the crashes."
76561198110843706,Not Recommended,319480,17420117,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,player_867,you need help
,Recommended,319480,19539735,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,an amazing retro game well worth the money.looks extra nice on a 144 hz monitor.great graphics and sound too.
,Recommended,319480,20715097,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,QT.BAT,"One of the best games of 2015 and it's quickly becoming a personal favourite. I dont know why this was kept under the radar by reviewers, but it is truly a well crafted game that replicates the little things that made the retro era so great. I definitely see heavy influences from both Castlevania and Metroid, and that's just fine with me."
76561198165442724,Recommended,319480,24984007,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Andrew,This game is tough yet quite fair.You can break things too & who doesn't like that? :D Highly reccomended if you are an action / platform junkie like I am.
76561198067538549,Recommended,319480,25097033,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,C R O S E R,"pls don't compare this game to castlevania or shovel knightI beat all castlevania games and shovel knight and the quality is way better than this game,but is it bad?no it's cool game read belowthis game although has inspired by castlevania but it's different,your caracter has ability,certain area require some of them and you need to figure it out,it 's not hard eaither not easy,it has some challenge,boss fight predictable and follow the same two or 3 pattern though it's enjoyablethe music feel ok but some sound track feels not fitting in certain levelVerdictgo and buy it it's cool game and has it's moment worth playing if you enjoy retro gaming"
,Recommended,319480,17356017,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,HELLruler,"Another awesome game by Joymasher (check Oniken if you haven't played it yet)Odallus has the look and controls of old NES games, and the complexity of modern ones. There's a lot of exploration and fighting, the progression feels awesome, and the difficulty is just right (may be a bit hard for casual players)The only con is that the game is short, cause I'd love to play another 5 hours of itAnyway, Odallus is an excellent experience, and has a bit of replayability if you are going for all achievements"
,Recommended,319480,24240844,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Double Joker,"This game is best played with a controller and now it works with the xbox controller!  Highly recommended for classic gaming goodness, it's even got a CRT bend in the corners and scan lines, a love letter to old school castlevania games.I've edited this review, as they fixed the issue I was having before, thus nulifying the only thing keeping me from recommending this game."
,Recommended,319480,33014625,Posted: 29 June,all,Fill Kessal,"It's OK.  The platforming is pretty solid, but the combat is very rigid.  A lot of people make a Castlevania reference for combat, but it feels more Actraiser like to me.The graphics are alright.  The sound effects are average, and the music bounces between pretty good and a somewhat annoying repeating loop.Difficulty is ""Nintendo Hard"".  There's a story in there somewhere, but it's not great."
,Recommended,319480,33028467,Posted: 30 June,all,doing the obvious,"Yeah, it's pretty good for what it is. Ignoring one giant glaring asterisk.A couple of mandatory bosses force you to use upgrades that you have to go out of your way to find. In a game like this it should be beatable; very tough but beatable, assuming the player has brought just what they've found or want to bring, not every single upgrade the game has to offer. To force the player to get (allegedly) optional upgrades doesn't mix well with the otherwise fair difficulty curve this game has. Also the last form of the final boss is pathetically easy compared to the very harsh first two phases.Also also the music was great."
76561198083962415,Recommended,319480,33165868,Posted: 2 July,all,jonathnboehm,If you like castlevania buy this game. A lot like castlevania 3 on NES in that there are multiple paths in each level. Retro look and sound but with checkpoints and a save system so it's not as frustrating as the old games.
76561198028142158,Recommended,319480,33408494,Posted: 9 July,all,Metzger,"If you are a fan of old castlevania games or even the modern ones you will love this.Or if you just enjoy reto graphics and good platformer games you will have fun with Odallus.Retro graphics are well done there never is anything that looks poorly designed for the era it tries to portray.Lots of hidden paths, items and places to discover.Bosses are fun the more further you go as some will require tactics not just button smash and take damage.Level platforming and design was also something that I enjoyed very much.This game isn't a long game but neither was any of the castlevania games on NES.The time you need to invest in this comes from your skill in metroidvania games.If you are very good you will prolly go trough this without secrets in less than 2 hours, but still you will have a great time doing so. It took me five and a half hours to complete this the first time while missing one secret.I recomend this for any metroidvania/castlevania lovers or if you just want to have a good time playing classic NES style era game."
76561198297902060,Recommended,319480,33551448,Posted: 14 July,all,loons5150,"Based on the genre...wait, what is the genre? I guess I would call this a Metroidvania with more emphasis on the VANIA. In terms of it being a VANIA game, I would give it a solid 8/10. There are other 8-16 bit, contemporary, 2-D side-scrollers that do what Odallus does better; but, I had fun. Some of the exploration to find the items needed was a bit cryptic, but nothing too outrageous. It has good music, decent platforming (fairly tight; only raged once during the platforming sections) and fairly well-designed boss battles. The last boss is a bit of an endurance run, but doable after several times (won't say how many:)).For $10-$15, this is a nice-to-have; not a must-have. YMMV. Damn you Hollow Knight! Your indie, platformer, Metroidvania self has really made it difficult for others in your category to shine as bright as you!"
76561198119622284,Recommended,319480,33549325,Posted: 14 July,all,The Closet Ninja,"An excellent delve into the heght of 8-bit gaming, Odallus perfectly captures the look, sound and feel of that era.  The game is challenging but not unfair and certainly not insurmountable and I love the gritty fantasy theme."
,Recommended,319480,33616472,Posted: 17 July,all,♡ Cuddlejoy ♡,"A fantastic recreation of the NES era, a Metroidvania that manages to be tough but fair, and feature plenty to discover but never in a way that's irritating to find."
76561197964697274,Recommended,319480,17383792,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,knas,"Excellent game. Neat graphics, story and gameplay brings me back to the days of old castlevania titles."
76561198161628677,Recommended,319480,29043669,Posted: 5 January,all,lastride,"Odallus is a Metroidvania action platformer that borrows a lot of gameplay aspects from the NES classics such as Castlevania, Metroid and Zelda II.  And where so many indie games have failed, Odallus does a decent job of carrying the old formula and at the same time feeling like bringing something new on the table.You play as Haggis, en Ex Soldier and now a hunter who has lost his wife.The war is over and now he lives a peaceful life with his son. One night when he left the village to go for hunting demonic-like creatures evaded his village and kidnapped his son. Now he is set on to find his son back and take revenge for pillaging his village.The graphics are 8 bit style and it is so NES alike they even went with a NES color pallet. You are presented the story through dialog and through some artifacts that you discover throughout the game. The background graphics however are more detailed and look more 16 bit. Personally I would prefer it, if they had made a 16 bit design but I understand what the developer was aiming for. The music is decent, -more on the depressing side, which I think fits the serious tone of the game. Everything else that evolves presentation is simplistic, like the Map, the inventory, the dialogs etc.The gameplay will be familiar to those who have played retro action platformers. While it is very simplistic it takes some time to get used to the controls etc. There are the classic mechanics - most of them you acquire as upgrades as you progress- like double jumping, dashing, secondary attacks, armor upgrades and more. The game overall might not offer a lot of replay ability since it is very straightforward but it gets very addicting when you start getting the achievements.Some things I didn’t like are first of all difference in difficulty in some areas. It gets really hard in some stages and a piece of cake in others. Also the bosses are very creative from a design perspective but you can beat most of them by just taking the damage and spam attack their weak points. The last boss however is one of the hardest ones I have ever played and a very memorable in my opinion. Some other minor things like the attempt to make funny dialog while the game is super serious doesn’t make sense as well.All in all, I really enjoyed my time with Odallus, the exploration, the tight controls, the overall dark theme and the hunt for achievements make an addicting package that anyone who likes those types of games should give it a shot. Some go as far as calling it a hidden gem and I don’t disagree at all with that statement."
,Recommended,319480,29082657,Posted: 7 January,all,Jefu,"Really excellent, old-school platforming gameplay. The story, although minimal, was pretty engaging, but it kind of drops the ball on the ending. Loved the H.R. Giger-inspired pixel art."
,Recommended,319480,33759171,Posted: 23 July,all,OXXO,"Had trouble with sound but got it fixed, it was caused by a third party joystick app so I uninstalled it and issue fixed. Anyway this game is really nice, played it an hour straight and it seems like a great game so far. The graphics and music and the cutscenes, very much everything about this game even the cliche phrases and storyline are very mid 80's and early 90's 8 bit era. If someone told me this game is a classic nintendo game I would totally believe it, you even get knocked back 20 feet when an enemy hits you xD. This game is also difficult, not impossible but it's not an easy game for sure. Also I wouldn't say it's a Metroidvania, it's not all connected like a metroidvania game, it's more like Mario World but with Castlevania theme, or a Castlevania 3 but with backtracking, not sure what kind of game this would be but I have only played another game very similar to this one and I highly recommend it, it's called KENSEIDEN, this game would totally be like that one, except this one is a warrrior in Europe while KENSEIDEN is a SAMURAI from Japan but it's basically the same kind of game and gamestyle that uses a map with levels and some backtracking. I used to love KENSEIDEN and played it lots, so naturally if this game is similar to it then I will love this one too.OVERALL 8/10 Recommended even at full priceThis game reminds me lots to KENSEIDEN it's basically the same kind of game, not really a Metroidvania but still good. If you never had the chance to play KENSEIDEN and you like these genre then I highly recommend you get an emulator and DL KENSEIDEN today xD."
,Recommended,319480,33769353,Posted: 24 July,all,FattyJoker,"Nostalgic 8-bit trip that feels like an ideal recreation of the childhood memory: all the charm, challenge and fun without dated and/or cheap tricks, technical limitations and other shortcomings. Magnificent."
76561198019576097,Recommended,319480,33732012,Posted: 22 July,all,FullMetal,"Retro ""metroidvania"" quite entertaining.I said ""metroidvania"" cause the world is not so well integrated like the a true metroidvania, actually this remembers me more of Demon's Crest (which is a very good compliment to a game). Worth it for every retro fan, but a sale is strongly recommended."
,Recommended,319480,34442181,Posted: 23 August,all,MetalGearPony,"Excelent throwback to oldschool metroidvania. It has a welcome modern touch to it while still remaining true to the classic late 80s/early 90s metroidvanias it was inspired by. It uses a world map screem with levels (like shovel knight) instead of an interconnected overworld, which I'm fine with. Exploration feels very rewarding in this game and there are so many hidden goodies. The tunes are pretty catchy too. The addition of lives feels a bit antiquated, but it doesn't punish you too bad. Definitely worth the money, 9/10."
,Recommended,319480,34598604,Posted: 29 August,all,Red_Baron,"I'll add more to this later, but my initial feel of the game is that it's a lot more refined than Oniken. The gameplay is smoother, there's an in-game shop, and the game is *surprisingly* much more forgiving in some places. It's a fun blend between Castlevania and Sword Master. The sound track itself is a blazing 8-bit heavy metal track worth listening to and the graphics (while 8-bit) are beatifully drawn. Check it out if you haven't already!"
76561198165480221,Recommended,319480,29238599,Posted: 13 January,all,pinkfloydinspace,Really good Rygar/Castlevania hybrid 8-bit tribute where you explore the map and fight enemy bosses and hit them in the junk(if you can identify where that might be) with your sorry excuse for an upgradable He-Man power sword. Can be quite difficult at times knowing where to attack and hit these bosses at times since you might have trouble identifing their head from their posterior. These are some pretty weird looking monsters.I liked the Rygar elements thrown into the game with the Castlevania elements. It made it more interesting and I found myself comparing it less to Castlevania III Draculas Curse (Best 8-bit Castlevania game by a landslide and one of my favorite NES cartridges I ever owned) At the same time I wanted badly another 8-bit Castlevania game bigger and better than Castlevania III but all bets are that will never happen. So far this is the best thing out there I have discovered.Even after beating this game in about half the time of my playing hours. (Accidentally erased my game) I noticed there were many achievements to reach. Apparently I am a pathetic loser who thought I was awesome.Highly recommend especially on sale.
,Recommended,319480,34741267,Posted: 4 September,all,olivemoondesign,"Fun, addicting, and hard."
76561197993464335,Recommended,319480,35406404,Posted: 1 October,all,EmperorCesar,Easily one of my favorite indie games. All around great game.
