user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972672892,Recommended,319630,17617673,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Toast,I wish I could rewind and play this game for the first time again.
76561198071691356,Recommended,319630,14743257,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Regale,"It's strange how this will be the first review I ever write for a game. I always thought it would be written for a game like Fallout, Elderscrolls or some huge open world survival horror. And yet it's this little piece of art that has me aching to write something, if only for a minute.When I had finished this, a few minutes ago, I couldn't believe that they only charge a pittence for it. I thought to myself that if people can charge you 70 euro for games that are poorly executed and badly made from start to finish, then this game should have a much higher pricetag. It wasn't before looking up and seeing that I just finished the first episode in a mere three hours that I understood their reasoning. I feel, however, obliged to tell you all that the three hours spent in this game were worth more to me than the hundreads of hours I've spent in most other games combined. Not because the story was awsome, or the graphics made me gape in awe, but rather that every single aspect of the game in combination managed to grip me and pull me in so that time became temporarily meaningless. Imagine if games held this standard. Imagine if your favorite action, your favorite adventure game or even your favorite driver had this kind of execution.You can tell a good story in a bad way, and you can tell a bad story in a good way. The story in this game might not be the most interesting story you've ever heard, but it's good, and in the execution of it you are drawn in, captured by it, moved by it.Most adventure games will entertain, they'll give you some ups and downs along the way, but ultimately they will feel like games.I've never felt so fulfilled after ""playing a game"" as I did today. Original, beautiful and masterfully executed. I can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,319630,28690471,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RedviperUK,This game is a moral self-torture simulator... Steps for successfully experiencing LiS:1. Buy it.2. Begin to play it.3. Make poor choices.4. Alter poor choices.5. Realise new choices are worse.6. Eventually stumble to the end feeling like you've almost held it together.7. Make monumentally poor choice.8. Open the bottle of Jack Daniels you keep by your desk.9. Begin drunken reflection on reality.10. Remember why you failed Philosophy.11. Drink some more.12. Ponder if this game has set an impossible bar for videogame storytelling.13. Conclude it has.14. Decide to write negative review of game because it made you feel sad.15. Change it to positive BECAUSE it managed to make you feel sad.16. Begin the slightly hollow search for something that can offer a similar experience.
,Recommended,319630,17842744,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,White_Noise,"This is probably the realest review for a game I will ever do...Coming from a guy who never shows emotions, has been gaming for a good 12 years and has mainly been playing horror, FPS, and MMOs those twelve years...I both see and feel why this game has a warning about support groups for real life...This game guilt-trips you so hard and then kicks your emotions around like it's a soccer ball...I haven't had this much of an emotional roller coaster in, well... ever.I've never had a video game make me tear up before...Life Is Strange changed that.Easily my ""Game Of The Year"". I know a lot of triple-a titles came out this year, and I know Life Is Strange doesn't get as much attention as other game... but holy hell you guys.I've never played a game with such an in-depth story as I have with Life Is Strange...Hell, I'veNEVEReven played a game that kept me up all night, wondering about what the next episode will be, or how my actions in the last episode might impact me...This is a game that I will never forget, and it is most likely a game that I will always come back to.Now, for those of you that are thinking ""ah, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It's a story-based game, it's practically a virtual novel! Who cares!""...Take this from someone who was ""that guy"", and said almostexactlythat before trying this game...You will not regret buying this game. I promise."
,Recommended,319630,26823222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,h.barkas,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
,Recommended,319630,19966867,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MatsuoBasho,"Life is Strange isn't hard, yet it hits you hard.Life is Strange isn't challenging, yet it shows daily challenges.Life is Strange isn't long, yet its impact lasts long.Life is Strange isn't a puzzle, yet it leaves you puzzled.Life is Strange isn't giving questions, yet it offers answers.Life is Strange isn't replayable, yet finds in the replay its core.Life is Strange isn't real, yet it feels so.Life is Strange isn't about relationship, friensdhip, love, hate, light or darkness. It's about the most underestimated gift: life.I am unable to call it ""game"" as it would lose all the artistic veil surrounding Arcadia Bay. Art is something you perceive, it is something that comes out of the blue without a reason or a purpose. Art is something you can perceive in every step Max takes, and this is how I would label Life is Strange: art.Dontnod has made a terrific job and gives us lessons that we can easily detatch from this title and apply it in our everyday life. All the serious themes covered in such a little time amount made me understand the reason why the developers have opened a support group for those who felt really affected by some of them.And perhaps the core of this experience is simple and complicated at the same time:Life is hard, life is challenging, life is short, life is puzzling, life is uncertain, life is one only, life is strange. But life..is life."
,Recommended,319630,15084973,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,MrGuacamole115,"When you water your plant and it says ""This action will have consequenses"", you know sh** just got real."
,Recommended,319630,18449601,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dean,But buying it... that's not the hard part.It's letting go.
76561198030426522,Recommended,319630,17343682,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Shiniest Spoon,"They didn't mention this game came with 50 free tickets to the ""Feels Train"".... God dammit..."
,Recommended,319630,17266676,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Georgin,"Episode 1: typical teen school dramaEpisode 2: uhmmm.... wha..?Episode 3: What. The. Hell.Episode 4: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA?!Episode 5: I'm... Sorry.On a slightly more serious note: I cannot thank you enough, Dontnod. GOTY."
76561198037572211,Recommended,319630,18606614,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,VenuS ♆,"This game deserves a love letter, not a review. So here it goes..Dear Lis,Ever since you showed up, you’ve caught everyone’s attention. Although not mine, at least not until I kept hearing your name and seeing your pictures everywhere. Everyone talking about your beauty, perfection, mystery and how interesting you were. Boys and girls, all were in love with Lis. Which made me very intrigued. So I watched you closely but I kept a distance, because you were not even my type. I can’t deny it, sometimes I was attracted to you and wanted to approach you. But sadly I didn’t have money on me, so I couldn’t. So I accepted fate, and kept my distance.Until one day, I had enough money. But I wasn’t sure anymore if I wanted you or not. I wasn’t sure if you would even notice me among all these 75 million users. I was just a nobody. I thought of other options, but for some reason, my heart preferred you. I don’t know why or what it was. But I knew you were the one. Among thousands of other choices, I chose you Lis... I think it was destiny. Do you believe in destiny Lis?I still remember our first date. I waited for you for so long. Was a bad internet day. Then you finally came. I‘ve never been so excited to see someone this much before. And for some reason, something about you moved me. I felt this incredible strong connection between us. I felt ridiculously relaxed, comfortable, confident and very interested in you. We started getting to know each other, and you kept me even more and more interested in you. The date ended fast, even though it wasn’t really. It’s just that you made time travel faster than light. I hated it when you had to go. You promised me of another date, and that’s what kept me going.The date was there, you looked even more beautiful than ever. Was another perfect day we had together. Until you touched me in a way, I couldn’t understand or know what to feel or think. Caught me off guard, surprised me. It was.. so good! Too good! But sadly you had to go. You left and left me with this fire burning inside me. So many questions, mixed emotions.. I didn’t know what was happening to me! So many questions going through my head. I wanted answers but I had to wait for the next time I see you. I was quiet the whole time, listening to you, melting with you, flying with you. You even brought tears into my eyes. It was a flawless experience. All my worries faded away and I was happy again. Then it was your time to leave, again.. but before you did, you rocked my world!! You left me again with all these emotions and questions. What were you doing to me Lis!!? These feelings, never felt anything like them before, ever! What happened on our last meeting has been on my mind since you left. You were all I could think of. Waiting for our next meeting was the most intense feeling and important thing in my life at that point. But you were late Lis.. again.. I was scared, afraid that you changed your mind about me. That, you didn’t want me anymore. Until one day you said, October 20th you’ll be there. I smiled so wide until you said it was going to be our last time. It crushed me. Flipped my whole world upside down. I didn’t feel like doing anything anymore. You kept me up everynight. I’d roll over again and again. Hearing your name and seeing your pictures in my head. Remembering the things you made me feel. I had hopes that I might be able to change your mind and make you stay.October 20th came. I was both excited and scared. I couldn’t see you. I’m so sorry Lis, I avoided you, stayed away from the feed. It hurt but I had to. Everyone was still talking about you, but it was only making me more furious.. But I knew I couldn’t hide from you forever, besides you were leaving me for good. So I needed to at least say goodbye.October 21st. Which is today.. I waited for you. Again was another bad internet day. Then you showed up. My heart was beating so fast I almost fainted. I was so happy to see you again after so long, but at the same time, all those questions and emotions came back all at once. I wasn’t ready for it. It kept messing with my head the whole time. Taking me on this roller coaster of heightened emotions. Unanswered questions. You were vague yourself. You drove me crazy Lis. I had no clue what was happening. I was losing my mind and pulling my hair out. I was both scared and sad and happy and all at once. You’re doing it to me again Lis. Then when it was time for you to go, you just.. made me make the hardest decision of my life. I literally froze for 10 minutes. I didn’t know what to choose. I cared so much, it was so hard for me choose. But it didn’t matter after all, because whatever decision I was going to make, it wasn’t going to make you stay. So I chose. Tears started falling down one by one at the last sight of your beauty. The last time I hear your heavenly voice. The last time we laugh together, explore together, get mad together, get scared together, see the world together, and be happy… together…Why Lis! How could you do this! I thought you were the one. I opened myself to you. We been through so much together! We changed past, present and future together! We created wonders! Put smiles on people’s faces! We made magic. It was all perfect. Then you just left me alone, sobbing, crying, screaming and bleeding love for you.What I’m trying to say is that, I’m sitting here right now, writing this letter for you in my Asylum cell where I’m getting treated from the mind ♥♥♥♥s and emotions you put me through, that all the choices we made, all the memes we made, all the ships we fought for, all the music we heard, secrets we discovered, emotions we felt, tears we shed... will all remain. They will always stay dear in my heart and I will always love you...Yours truly.Venus"
,Recommended,319630,24447701,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,unimpeded,I never rate a game...I'm a 29 year old man who just streamed this game for a full 11 hours.  I have tears in my eyes.  Thank you.
,Recommended,319630,14333015,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Half Life 3 Beta,I never write reviews. I never like games that aren't fast paced. I am a 21 year old male. This is one of the best games I have played in my entire life.11 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10. I bought all of the episodes and cannot wait until they come out. There shouldn't be a single person with a PC who does not own this game.
76561198134000267,Recommended,319630,18154805,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dwarven-Kelly,Step 1: Try to make good decisionsStep 2: ♥♥♥♥ everything upStep 3: Try to fix everything you've screwed upStep 4: End up ♥♥♥♥ing everything up even worse10/10 Best real life simulator I've ever played
,Recommended,319630,23977059,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Princess Nami,"My game of the year for 2015Pros:+ Stunning story+ Lovely graphics+ Lovable characters+ Great for screenshots+ Choices are effective and testing+ Great soundtrack, and very fitting+ Has achievements and trading cards+ Good implementation of choices matter+ 5 episodes, all of which are gripping and lengthy+ They added developers commentary for free (it's dlc on the store page, just scroll back up)+ Emotional, immersive and at some points heartbreaking, especially surrounding the choices with Kate and the final choice of the series.Neutral Points:> Has been some bugs in rare occassions but easily overlooked due to being such a great gameCons:- It ends- Max's clothing, I prefer her in Amber's clothes- Some choices don't have a big enough of an impact in the game- It can be argued that no choices mattered in the end, not going to spoil anything thoughDownload Size: 11542mbTrading cards: 6 in the setAchievement Difficulty: Easy to 100%Hours to 100%: 15-20Rating: 10/10Recommendation: A must buy!My Opinion:Despite the final choices and how it ends I am very content with the game as a whole and the build up, as well as the final outcome. It is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, hard choices and relatable characters. For me personally I got to re live a better school experience as a younger me while having time changing super powers. This is by far my favorite and best game choice of 2015, it was worth every penny and will always be a game etched into my memory.For those who can't find the option to purchase the rest of the episodes:http://store.steampowered.com/sub/56692(now fixed I am sure)Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award. It deserves it!"
,Recommended,319630,15053570,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mistercrit,"When they say that choices matter,Unlike Telltale,THEY ACTUALLY MATTER!EDIT: I don't hate Telltale Games, in fact, I like their games."
,Recommended,319630,23591381,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,mattBLiTZ,"One of the most incredible, intense, and emotional fictional experiences available in any medium.  Words can't do it justice."
76561198187439353,Recommended,319630,32770958,Posted: 25 June,all,Ꮍögนrt,- Pretty Graphics- An amazing story- Conditions that can be selected- A memorable (ost)- The game I want to play again.
,Recommended,319630,17299081,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Cheerm,"Ep 1- :DEp 2- :)Ep 3- D:Ep 4- DDDDDDDDD:Ep 5- DUUUUUUUUUUDE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥KKKKK WHAT THE FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDGE, CANT EVEN EMOJI THIS WHAT THE FREAKITY FRACK, OHMYGOODNESS JUST GO PLAY CANDY CRUSH AND SAVE YOURSELF THE PAIN.You either feel :D or DDDDD: there is no :/This game has no chill. Episode 1 is a trap."
,Recommended,319630,18580690,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,-3xA'Lu©κy (idling),"To not give this game a review would simply be an injustice, considering how deeply this game affected me and how genuinely thought-provoking it was.I've played many episodic games but I don't think I can say there was one that made me pause the game several times, process what just happened, and then come back to it after a few hours. To say this game's perfect would be a lie, it's got faults like any other game, but where its strengths lie are in its ability to create a universe the player is incredibly invested in. I could rattle on and on like my usual Steam reviews but for this game only, and to avoid spoiling the story in any way, I've decided just to make a simple pros and cons list.PROS- $20 price for the season pass- Performance was good and there was very few bugs for me- I really dug the unique art style (simple yet visually appealing)- The UI is intuitive and very simple- A solid story from start to finish (there might've been a few plot holes but I didn't notice any really)- Likeable female protagonist and a well-written relationship between her and the deuteragonist- Amazing atmosphere- Great voice talent (I think a few voices didn't feel ""right"" but everyone else was golden)- The song selection was fitting and appropriate- Different endings which were logical and nicely executed, to me, for a story that involves time travel (one ending could've been longer though and I suspect many fans might've preferred something less predictable)- Real choices that matter early on- The rewind mechanic wasn't gimmicky for the most part and I rather enjoyed all of the puzzles- The player doesn't take a backseat to the action like a lot of story games I felt (you feel like you're playing a game)- A lot of extra content in the episodes (various diary entires, optional photos to take, SMS messages, etc.)- Explores a number of controversial issues and/or themes (that few games touch on) with tactCONS- The pacing could've been slightly better in episodes 3 and 4- Past choices don't matter as much in episodes 4 and 5 (I won't describe anything more to avoid spoiling the story)- Some characters are more or less stereotypes but each player will feel differently about this- The rare corny/cheesy phrase that would stick out (I can't think of an example right now)I was initially going to include another con but yesterday's update addressed what was the biggest issue for many: the at-times horrible lip-syncing that barely matched the characters' words in the first 3 episodes. I'm glad to say that this has been addressed and I have to give the devs kudos for that. Now fans and newcomers alike will be able to enjoy this game even more.This game will obviously not be for everyone but I do think it appeals to a lot of people (as seen by the Steam user reviews). It's quite simply a high school drama with a bit of mystery and the supernatural thrown in. If you had thought it was some feministic sort of game like I had initially -  I urge you to give this game another look. I have tried to be as honest as I can about a game which I have thoroughly enjoyed and I hope this review has helped you, the reader, in some way. For $20 I highly recommend grabbing Life Is Strange and if you don't happen to enjoy it in the first hour or so: refund it. I don't think you will though :) It honestly deserves a 8.5/10 in my book.P.S. If you like these reviews and want to see more of the same, you're more than welcome to follow my curator page. If you don't like curators or groups, I completely understand (I'm not a big fan either). It's just a much easier way to find old and new reviews I've made:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/rblc#curation"
76561198017636421,Recommended,319630,23490286,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zillu,"This game is freakin' amazing!I'm a 30 year old bearded buff dude, and the story made me cry several times!But seriously, everyone should try this game, I recommend it 10/10 !!"
76561197983834945,Recommended,319630,25575502,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Darth Keyes,"Episode 1: Dialogue is pretty poorly written.Episode 2: OK, this just got a little too real for me.Episode 3: WHAT IS HAPPENINGEpisode 4: How can we abide so much suffering and malice to exist, and how can we not actively seek justice to right the wrongs and make the ugly things beautiful again? This was an eye-opening and terrifying experience, but such an important one. I legitimately feel that I am a more well-rounded and complete person. Literally kept me up at night while I prayed for the broken world.Episode 5: (silently sobbing)it's pretty neat"
,Recommended,319630,17265219,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DONBURI,"DONT PLAY PAST EPISODE 3 INFACT JUST GO BACK TO EPISODE 2 OR 1 - EPISODE 4 IS NOT WHERE YOU WANT TO BE RIGHT NOW GUYS.UPDATE 21/10/2015 EPISODE 5 REVIEW:NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.(in all seriousness this game <3 i have been playing since January, i have played it through my first 6 months outside of highschool and between the time of January - october, this game and its fandom have in ways shapped and inspired me, it is a unique feeling to be apart of a fandom that has so much love for this game and it has been a plesure and a powerfull emotional rollercoaster, getting to know Max, and Chloe, in Life is Strange. GAME OF THE YEAR 2015)"
,Recommended,319630,34801834,Posted: 7 September,all,aps6686,Episode 1 - Well this is a nice little game isn't itEpisode 2 - MY EMOTIONSEpisode 3 - I WAS NOT EXPECTING THISEpisode 4 - WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME GAMEEpisode 5 - AAAAIEIOGEOPOIGDOIFOFOGF.10/10
,Recommended,319630,16019661,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Piece of shit,Step one: Lie down.Step two: Try not to cry.Step three: Cry a lot.
,Recommended,319630,16217220,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,StoneBurger,">In English exam> It's hella important>One problem>Can't stop thinking about this game>3rd episode messed me up big time>maxcaulfeel.png>Struggling through the exam>Finally get to last question>""Write a feature article about the use of selfies"">Holy maxaroni and cheese>This is my calling>The first action you do in this game is take a selfie>The photo the main character wanted to enter in a huge contest was a selfie>I'm not entirely convinced she isn't a pile of polariod selfies that somehow came to life>I write down all the stuff I learned from this game>""Louis Daguerre was a french painter who invented 'daguerreotypes' in 1830"">""Alfred Hitchcock once called film 'little pieces of time', this could also be said about photography"">I even used the 'selfie-expression' line>SELFIE EXPRESSION>mrw I might actually pass the exam because of a video game>mrw I considered putting off Life is Strange until the exams were over>mrw this is probs the best game of 2015 so far>8.5/10 IGN too much selfiesEDIT: I got 20/25 for the question and 73% overall I'd like to thank Life is Strange, all the shaka brahs out there, and Chloe Price for existing."
,Recommended,319630,28421328,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 9.2 / 10Quality9.7/10High quality gamePerformance10/10Runs smoothly on high settings; Low system requirementsUtility10/10No bugs experienced; Supports steam cloud save; 1st episode is f2pControls9/10Good, but mainly interactive spots (like point n click); Full pad supportGameplay8.8/10A story-driven adventure about time manipulationChallenge8/10No hard, but smartly designed puzzles; Well hidden ""secrets""/ photosContent9/1016h+ story; Replay value: Tons of story-changing decisionsDiversity9/10Many cool plot twists; No episode has the same feel to itImmersion9/10Great atmosphere and a touching, mysterious story; Obtrusive HUDDesign9.2/10A very consistent style and well polished overallVisuals9/10Quite simple but nice looking graphics; Excellent visual designSound10/10Amazing voice actors (English), creative use of well fitting musicTexts10/10Complex story; Many dialogues, interior monologues and documentsMapping8/10Scripted one-way levels mostly, but designed with much love to detailInterface9/10Fitting UI style; Well designed, easily operated and functional menusAdditional Notes:📺I recommend to use pad+couch+TV if possible to optimize the experience.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: High/UltraIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,319630,23266021,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,odin4905,"There are only 5 or so games, films, or TV shows that have moved me as much as this game, Life Is Strange has. It is a hard feeling to deal with. The characters feel very real. You come to know many of them, and love them almost like real friends. Then the game is over, and those characters are gone. This causes a hurt inside you. Very much like losing dear friends, because there is no continuation for these characters.This game is VERY emotional and deals with some very dark, and unfortunately very real things in our world. If you feel for other people, and nature, and the things only humans can cause, whether they are good or bad, this game might make you feel very sad at times, because it puts these things right in your face.I cried so many times going through this game. I'm a pretty emotional person, but I think these feelings are totally intentional, and so I think the people who made this game did a damn good job. I wish to explore that world and those characters forever, because they seem that real. But, you can't. Much like the themes in this game about how little control we all have over time and events we can't foresee, this game ends and I have to find a way to move on.The world in this game is pretty to look at. The graphics aren't amazing, but they are done in an artistic way that reminds me of watercolors or something. The gameplay is very similar to Telltale Games style, in that it is mostly walking around areas interacting with a limited number of objects, and talking to other characters. The real point of the game is the storytelling, and they do SUCH a good job in this one, as I've been over and over here.I would recommend that if you do play it, take it slow, take long breaks if you need them. I took almost a year break and then several week breaks in between some parts, and it is still messing with me that I can't see anything more from these characters. Only replay the game again. Which, much like replaying a moment in the game with the unique rewinding power, only allows me to see that world again, and not live in it forever.This review isn't much of a review, I know. But I don't want to reveal much and I just wanted to put my thoughts on this game out there somehow, even just to help me get through it. Thanks for reading if you do, though, and I hope you can enjoy this game that it seems to me a lot of work and love went into. :)"
,Recommended,319630,29534045,Posted: 27 January,all,Agent_Cassius,"Life is Strange is a work of art. This episodic graphic adventure features characteristics resembling those of a masterpiece. The game brilliantly displays the most impacting voice acting conveying the idea that it is real. The soundtrack that the game offers soothes the mind and works with the story beautifully. Every action and every decision that the player makes has consequences and there exists nothing that is excluded. This piece leaves the player with an experience that is unforgetable, one that will surely impact the way the player thinks from after they complete the game. The game not only presents graphics uniquely with a new way of expressing visuals, but also something that seems as if it was hand-drawn. The characteristics of the plot strike the player with such force that time is required to ponder over the elements of its development. The plot clearly exemplifies signs of originality, and the impression that things are not what they seem is boldly demonstrated. In addition, the game does a solid job at developing a crucial relationship between the characters and the player, leaving the player guilty or satisfied based on their decisions made. Life is Strange is the remark of the year of 2015, boldly establishing its place as one of the best games in history. I believe everyone deserves the oppurtunity to play this work of life lessons and morals, establishing its name as a game for everyone. Life is Strange is DONTNOD Entertainment's masterpiece, and nothing less. Life is very strange."
76561198101081052,Recommended,319630,17340164,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Call me Papi,Life Is Strange? more like feels simulator 2015
,Recommended,319630,33831809,Posted: 27 July,all,Dactrocki,No matter how old you areNo matter how young you areNo matter how tough you areNo matter how weak you areTears will get you...Tears will get you ...
,Recommended,319630,29681401,Posted: 3 February,all,naic hat (WEMP),how to turn an apathetic man into a hypersensitive teenage girl: the game
76561198181135123,Recommended,319630,18581848,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Barlen,Got a text from a dog calling me a ♥♥♥♥♥ and asking for snacks. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,14446394,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Vancouver,"This game features high school related drama from the perspective of a teenage girl. However the writing, art design, and atmosphere is done so well it will win you over. It tells a very human story while exploring the supernatural. The characters you interact with are entertaining and the story has a lot of heart to it. You are given the opportunity to make several decisions that will impact future episodes, which gives you significant input over the direction of the story. The time travel mechanic is used so well in this game as you try to solve puzzles, rewinding time to manipulate people and objects to your advantage. $5 for the first episode, well that's ok. I'm happily surprised & I can't wait for the next episode! =D"
,Recommended,319630,16322516,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Honest Review┤Review is based on current state of game.Game Pros• In depth storyline• Graphics match the feel of the game• Smooth gameplay• 90% of the choices you make have consequences• Dialogue is beautifully crafted.Game Cons• N/ARelateable Games• The Walking DeadConclusionLife is Strange is one of the most real feeling games I have ever played. Not talking about graphics here. Just the feel, and the dialougue, keeps you playing. I literally had to stop playing to write this review. This game is amazing.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)Looking for more steam friends? Feel free to add me!"
,Recommended,319630,28955786,Posted: 2 January,all,DrawVid,"I never write reviews - not even for games I love...But this game.... God damn this game.What. A. Masterpiece.- The storytelling is some of the best I've ever seen in gaming,- Every twist is impactful and has meaning,- The art style is amazing,- Great characters (and voice actors),- Amazing sound and musicI cannot give this game enough praise."
,Recommended,319630,29655074,Posted: 2 February,all,RedlineGME,"I feel empty. Traumatized. I'm completely different now. I played the whole series, now I don't know what to do with my life. I feel completely useless. It was a great time. But this game put it to another level. I never felt anything like this in a game. Thanks for this lifelesson game."
,Recommended,319630,17264253,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,*Meoww*,"Ending of Episode 1 - Alright, this seems life a fun and interesting gameEnding of Episode 2 - What just happened...?Ending of Episode 3 - WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!Ending of Episode 4 -{LINK REMOVED}no...what...just...why?!WHY?!Ending of Episode 5 - ♥♥♥♥ this game10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18439133,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,fish sticks,I'm suing the devs of this game for first degree murder of my feels.10/10 would cry againEDIT: I'm not okay.
76561198064619802,Recommended,319630,29569000,Posted: 29 January,all,The truth is in pancakes,Life Is Strange is one of the few games that actually made me cry.10/10
,Recommended,319630,32752523,Posted: 24 June,all,임윤아 The K2,so many tears cuz of video game....
,Recommended,319630,30042618,Posted: 19 February,all,ХОХЕЛ,I want to erase my memory for playing this game over and over again...
76561198056610397,Recommended,319630,15128367,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tubby Custard,This is now my all time favourite game.And it doesn't even have a jump button.
,Recommended,319630,24033286,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,virotti,"""Can someone please rewind so I can play this again?""God, I wish Telltale learned a thing or two from this game. It is one of the most mature, sensitive, humane works of art/game I've ever played in my 31 years gaming life.You should get it if you like:- a great story- choices that matter- amazing gameplay mechanics- butterfly effect movie- back to the future- add your favorite time travel book/movie/game hereSeriously, if you have any doubt, check the trailers and check the amazing Steam artwork section for this game, with so many cosplay/fan art pictures. People really fell in love with this game for a reason!Update: the first chapter is free. Stop wasting your time with reviews and try it for yourself!"
,Recommended,319630,29984320,Posted: 17 February,all,漢Han,"I’m playing Life is Strange, the stunning episodic game from DONTNOD Entertainment. I think I knew I was going to love it from the opening credits, as the protagonist steps into her high school hallway, sighs momentarily, and drowns out the gossip and hubbub with exactly the right indie song. Her internal dialog runs over the smooth lyrics and burbling guitar as she makes her way through the flowing river of students.Back in the day, games were always about the gameplay. A game was good if it had fun combat or interesting mechanics. Gaming itself was still fresh and new, and the process of interacting with a computer and overcoming challenges was entertaining in its own right. Lately, though, that hasn’t been enough for me. A shooter where the plot only exists to keep you moving down the path towards the end of the game while both your gear and the enemies incrementally improve… it feels stale at this point. More and more, I’ve been moving towards games that skip the ‘action’ entirely in favor of the story.The central mechanic of Life is Strange is a key reason it works so well. Max, the hero, gains the ability to rewind time in short bursts. Most games would use this as a way to liven up a combat system or to create intricate puzzles to navigate, but in Life is Strange, you use it to make choices. Everyday, normal decisions, at first — should you raise your hand with the correct answer in class or not? You see people’s immediate reactions, and if you don’t like them, you can go back and pick another option. Once your choice is locked in, though, there’s no going back.This isn’t Fallout 4 — it soon becomes very clear that your choices have large and growing impacts on the world around you. Friendships and romances begin and end, lives are threatened, and you start to learn more about the characters, the world, and your powers. The ability to rewind time and change your choices leads to long moments of contemplation, exploring all of the options and carefully considering the ramifications, but other than your movement and the decisions, the game plays like an interactive movie. The perfectly selected indie rock soundtrack adds depth and feeling to the scenes and the voice acting is spot on. It takes place in a fictional town in Oregon, and it feels so much like the Pacific Northwest that it’s making me homesick.I’m only a few hours into the game, and I’ve already completely screwed everything up. I was trying to save someone, but I just couldn’t make it happen. All my decisions have come home to roost. The haunting sound of Jose Gonzalez’s Crosses plays in my ears as the results of my decisions play out on the screen. I’m powerless to stop it.It’s one of the few times a game has made me roll back in my chair and just sit, staring blankly at the screen and feeling the sick, sinking sensation of every poor choice I’ve made piling up on me, my good intentions useless in the face of what’s unfolding.And, suddenly, the game isn’t about the game anymore. I’m transported back through my own life, reliving my pivotal decisions: dropping out of college, moving to Costa Rica on a whim, moving to Japan on another. The branching path of the choices that have shaped my life has never been as apparent to me as it is right now. I’m not distraught because of what’s happening in the plot. I’m mourning for all the other versions of me that I’m not — the ones who bounced down a different path because of an offhand decision, a minor, momentary, careless impulse that sent them spiraling off in another direction. The ones who worked harder, the ones who took more chances, the ones who played it safer…I shake my head, jarring myself out of my reverie. I chase it away for good with the rest of the glass, the smooth burn searing my throat as I pull myself back into position, enthralled, gutted. All I can do is keep going.Written by :Ben Bagamery"
,Recommended,319630,25702691,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Aloha Snackbar,This game is worth a lot more than $20...
,Recommended,319630,23410684,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ryne,10/10 -An emotional roller coaster. It's hella good.
,Recommended,319630,28202978,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ŁΔŞ€ŘĆØŘŇ,"A Fantastic Game From Squire Enix!!1.Graphics is just awesome.Color combination used here is just perfect and capture the true American theme...what is more, the attention given to graphics is insane ..even the little things are done with care....(10/10)2.Main character Max is likable person...they should give little more attention to side characters and story 8/10)3.interesting game mechanic...Life is Strange really cannot be described. It is a totally unique EXPERIENCE, that in unbelievable way deceives and its magic can only be experienced firsthand."
,Recommended,319630,24689178,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Луча,"Now I normally don't write reviews, but I'll make an exception for this gem.Life is Strange is the only game that made me actually feel empty after finishing it, it is so well made, it doesn't even feel like a game anymore but like something actually happening, you grow attached to the charachters and actually care for what happens to them, especially Chloe and Max. The story is very well written and is very engaging, basically every decision you make will have further consequences, some are major, others minor and some are just so hard to make that you sit there not knowing what to decide for 10 minutes and after you chose one option you spend the next half hour thinking whether or not it was the right thing to do. Besides the great story there also is the soundtrack, which is absolutely stunningly beautiful, the music fits so well and only empowers intense or emotional scenes. Talking about emotional scenes, the game has lots of them, many of which will (almost) make you cry. Life is Strange is definitely the best game I've played so far, the amount of detail in this game is insane!All in all I love this game and I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,18582775,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,sergy,"Rest in Peace, Arcadia Bay..."
,Recommended,319630,14236119,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Messofanego,"It is like the best bits of Alan Wake, Dreamfall Chapters, and Walking Dead on top of an engrossing time travel high school back-to-home-town coming of age mystery drama.There might have been only one episode released so far, but damn is it impressively substantial that I felt I got a whole indie movie's worth of character development and progress out of it. While you navigate through Max's journey of figuring out her career in photography, there are also other characters' stories from big to small. Not to mention Max turning around her shy introspective worldview into more of a ""Blackwell Ninja"" which is achieved thanks to the acquirement of a time rewind superpower. The archetypes of the jocks, mean girls, burnouts, and mystery drama are there but the characters are given enough depth that you don't feel too one-sided towards anyone where it'd make the major choices easier. The girls might mention which boys they like or gossip around but that isn't their only traits on offer compared to the relatively simple male characters. An example is the mean girls queen, Victoria along with her two cronies is blocking your path to the dorms so you can use time manipulation to eventually spill paint all over Victoria. You can either take a picture of her to shame her even more but she feels genuinely sad or you could take this chance to befriend her. The game's all about breaking the surface to figure out what makes each character tick. All this small-scale high school drama eventually leads to the other main character, Chloe, coming into the picture with her own drug-and-money conflict that involves clues to what happened to cause Rachel Amber's missing.While sometimes the time manipulation can feel trial-and-error in that you wouldn't have noticed that you could place a piece of cardboard beforehand under a shelf to catch some screwdrivers when you shake a table, for the most part it teaches you well that any big task should be thought of a few steps in advance. Even if you fail, there is very little frustration as you can rewind as much as you want to get the desired result. The game isn't very challenging in that sense, but in such a narrative-heavy game you don't want the puzzles to be a nuisance and want to encourage the player to experiment around with the rewind mechanic especially as they're in service of furthering relationships with characters.The best part of it being a videogame is being able to bask in the world of a high school with the tiniest of details that you'd expect out of point-and-click adventures but in 3D like the Dreamfall games. Max comments on nearly everything that you'd expect, so it's definitely a game where you want to glean as much monologue as possible. While I would have liked a bit more control in some of the moments in the form of possible minigames like taking photos Beyond Good and Evil-style or actually flying a drone around outside the school, these more contemplative repeatable moments such as sitting on the fountain or playing the guitar that harken to the relaxing in Brothers A Tale of Two Sons are still appreciated. The music is memorable and thematically on-point while the end of summer colour palette and art direction is incredibly welcoming on the eyes.A couple of flaws deserve mention. The first being the bad lip syncing although it's understandable given how much dialogue there is and the team size. The second being how many of the dialogue choices railroad to the same response. The time rewind choices though are quite substantial and some even have consequences visible in this first episode.If a relatively relaxed and heart-warming coming of age interactive tale with some time travel is up your alley, don't miss out on this special experience."
,Recommended,319630,32184743,Posted: 4 June,all,Ryuzaki,"Life Is Strange ReviewFrom the developers of DONTNOD entertainment comes a choose your own adventure type game called Life Is Strange. This game is a completely unique experience that you will never find anywhere else. Some say that this game is a cheesy rip-off of the Telltale games series (popular choice-driven games), and while I’ll admit the story was a bit cheesy at times, but it is by no means a rip-off. I would even go as far and say that the choices flow smoother than some Telltale games. In terms of graphics, Life Is Strange has a very recognizable style that goes along with the serene Blackwell Academy environment. The biggest whine I have for this game is that ending is the most abysmal, anticlimactic ending ever, although the game kind of makes up for this fact by having many plot twists within the episodes. The best thing is, the first episode is free, so if you don’t like it, you don’t have to play the following DLC episodes.Final Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,319630,14239404,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rewbew,Heavy Rain meets Tumblr
,Recommended,319630,34499087,Posted: 26 August,all,Fan FRZ,i cant explain how this game left me when i finished itits the only game ive played that made me drop tears  like a little girlif u wanna experience some emotional moments and turn into a little girl and start crying then buy this gameits great for gamers who loves story gamesnow im playing it for the second time and im still having fun with it10/10
,Recommended,319630,22511143,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lord N,This sums up my experience while playing this game.Eps 1 : Not BadEps 2 : GoodEps 3 : Holy MolyEps 4 : What the hack??Eps 5 : Are you sereal?????Game must play in your life.
,Recommended,319630,32394648,Posted: 13 June,all,[BLS] Random to the Core,"Beautiful game! I love everything about it. It's worth every penny.Can't wait for the new release >.<EDIT:  This game was an emotional rollercoaster. I was happy, sad, mad, confused and desperate. I made choices that I regret, I had the ending I've never wanted. *sigh* This is by far the only game that embedded the character into me, her emotions, thoughts, voice. I will forever be stuck with the memories of Max and....Chloe.Time for a second play through ;)"
,Recommended,319630,17036365,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,deryn,"My life is better and happier because of this game. (K, not that happier.. but HEY, this game is AMAZING)I really love it.Every teenager should play it.Showing the life by a game and even helps while troubles in the real life.Recommended 100%. You won't regret if you'll buy it."
76561198060378818,Recommended,319630,29099643,Posted: 7 January,all,[AA] Bluesky,"Episode 1 : 'wow this looks nice, maybe i'll play the other episodes one day'Episode 2 : ' :D awesome'Episode 3 : ' wut 'Episode 4 : ' OH FUUKK D:::::::::: 'Episode 5 : 'crying in the corner of my room'I thought I was ready for anything. Welp I wasn't.An unforgettable experience to which everyone should play."
,Recommended,319630,28267419,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Yonai,"Well... what to say... I have never experienced such a moving story in one game. It's so full of emotions, hard choices, smiles and tears... This is the game which fully deserves your time. ""Life is Strange"" will make you think about what true friendship really means.Game designers have created one detailed experience, full of genuine moments which will touch your heart. I had tears in my eyes, and since I was a bully victim during my war-torn childhood I really had a hard time watching how some characters struggle. My identification with Kate was total.This title is a true masterpiece. It's so natural, with strong sense.You can't change your past and you shouldn't stress about that. Everything happens for a reason. Our goal is to learn something from our experiences and to make our microcosmos one pleasant place filled with love.Life is Strange. And beautiful.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,17261165,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wendy,"One of the best games i have ever played, and i would just like to say, no words can describe, this game has brung me from  joy to depression, a rollercoaster of emotion, and i must say im not an emotional person, i vote this for game of the year,if you call yourself a gamer you need to play this game."
,Recommended,319630,28021920,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[ACPL] Jon,"The best game ever created, a true proof that games may indeed be art.Pros:+ everything, as in:+ great story+ amazing atmosphere+ great characters+ great story impact with choices+ animation+ original mechanics+ visuals+ nice soundtrack+ a true work of art+ reminds you what feelings are+ cheapCons:- after LiS, all other story games seem dull and lacking- emotional meatgrinder, fragile people can take it pretty badly"
76561198140883375,Recommended,319630,34569201,Posted: 28 August,all,Chloe Price,One of the best games I've ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,319630,24349841,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Aleks,I just wish i can rewind times and play this again without any knowledge with this game ;-;
,Recommended,319630,18218476,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,BRUXXUS,"So... after seeing many of my Steam friends playing this I finally decided to try it.Played through first 4 episodes within a week. (Probably not good for my mental and emotional health. I suggest spacing them out.)I was NOT prepared for Episode 4.  All I'll say is that this is the first game, (or any form of entertainment), that's actually hit me so hard I felt physically sick.  It's brutal.  Even to the point where I feel like I need to be cautious about who I recommend this game to.God... I really hope ep5 wraps things up on a lighter note. I'm not sure how much more of this I can handle."
,Recommended,319630,30640579,Posted: 20 March,all,「 Neat 」,"In my opinion, this is the best video game in this genre.Awesome story with a deep idea, art style, and icons, simply an experience you'll never forget..10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18228990,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,EManFTW,"Good game. Neither ending does the rest justice. Still worth it though, and the ending is of course 100% subjective."
,Recommended,319630,26832776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᑕᕼᒪᗢᕮ ᕈᖇᓰᑕᕮ,"I was planning to make a hellawesome review for this game but in the end I decided to keep it hella short.A masterpiece <3Do you recommend this game?HELLA YES 11/10-----------------------------Nominated for“I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye”at Steam Awards 2016"
,Recommended,319630,30338684,Posted: 5 March,all,Iron Dagger,I need to rewind life so I can buy this at full price. Now that's strange.10/10
,Recommended,319630,17862626,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,🅼🅰🅳 🅼🅰🆇 ✓,"Wow. I've played dozens of games but I have to admit, I've never had as much emotional attachment to any of them as I did with Life is Strange. Damn you, DONTNOD. You've made me feel again.+ Nice graphics+ Dialogs+ Rewind time+ Sound Quality+ Shocking Endings of episode 3 - 4+ Hardest decision at end EP - 5- Nothing foundKeep good work DONTNOD.This game deserve Golden Joystick or (Game of the year)"
,Recommended,319630,20159495,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gatsu,"TL;DR: If you look for very emotional games with amazing story and characters, you have to play LIS.I wanna start by saying that DONTNOD's developers deserve all the praises :).OMG... Life Is Strange...I love this game. I'll be honest here, I was so fascinated throughout the whole story. I went blind into the game without knowing much and I didn't expect to be mindblown, so it was one HELLA surprise. It quickly became one of the best games ever for me :D. Of course everyone got their own points, which make a game ""best"" or good but for me the most important part are them strong and tearful emotions.It's a very interesting and beautifully crafted masterpiece, which focuses heavily on story and characters, with fantastic time bending gameplay. You will care about the characters a lot, much love to Max and Chloe :D (ultra crush on M+C lol), who feel so real as characters by the way. Their voice actors Hannah Telle and Ashly Burch do superb work in the roles. Also the soundtrack is so wonderfully  beautiful, it hits you right into the deep emotions.LIS is like an amazing journey through friendship and life. It's as if you are there with Max, making all these moments become so real. I would say that it's kinda a mix of Telltale games, Heavy Rain, 80's Twin Peaks tv-show and Butterfly Effect-movie.It made me remember my younger days and old friends... which is amazing. I was able to relate to the characters a lot, especially Max because of my similar experiences during school life, relationships and shyness for example. I don't often play a game with so much decision making and some of them honestly feel SUPER difficult, so need to think a while about what choice is right. It has a lot of funny stuff and some puzzles too. You make your own unique adventure in cool ways.During first minutes it might seem like only some typical school-drama stuff, if you aren't still interested in it. But trust me the more you play, the more awesome and mysterious it gets and it will surprise you. As you progress further, you will know what I mean as it gets jaw-dropping. I was already addicted to it from the start of EP1. The journey through Max's and Chloe's time together is unforgettable experience to me, with choices that made me laugh and cry tears of joy and sadness.I didn't think I would cry rivers at first, but especially endings of every episode and 5th...holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was unavoidable and I'm a sucker for this kind of story rich experiences about friendship <(^_^)>...Yeah, I do love games that make me shed some manly tears, because not many have given me something like this during my 20 years of playing and I personally think it is truly special for a game to give that. You will love LiS too. I think Life Is Strange made me feel all these emotions more than any other game, movie, tv-show etc after so many years... Which is why it is the best game I have ever played. LIS touches closely to my heart and soul.Anyways, long story short... everyone should live through this Strange Life. I know developers make art, when they make me care about characters so much to feel this way and when I can't stop thinking about the journey, I rate it HELLA 11/10. Thank you so much DONTNOD, I'm forever grateful for this best game ever. Bae 4ever!It inspired me to start drawing again too after 8-10 years, now after almost a year I still listen the OST every day, play it, think of it, read fanfictions and made me meet fantastic friends from all around the world. LIS hella changed my life <3...and I think it can make people to become better."
,Recommended,319630,32001607,Posted: 27 May,all,Dark_Knight<Arpit>,"Life is Strange has come in my list of one of my favourite games of all times, and I have played many more games which made me emotional and got tears in my eyes but Life is Strange made me almost about to cry for the first time... and its story, characters, music/soundtracks was such a memorable experience... and whenever I finished an episode the music of the credits ( i.e OST ) just made my eyes filled with tears.. and I guess whenever I will hear them in future it will always make me remember those memorable moments with Max and Chloe :)Life is Strange is simply one of the best story based games I've played after a long time :D it deserves 11/10-------------------------------------------WARNING!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------SPOILER ALERT BELOW----------------------------------------------------------------------------SPOILER ALERT!!!---------------------------------------I will like to say about the ending of this game, as first of all I was so confused between the sacrifice chole or arcadia bay choice..?  though it was kinda selfish but I chose to go with sacrifice Arcadia Bay ending cos for me it would have been just pointless to just let Chloe die as Max's main effort throughout her life was to save the life of Chloe and just sacrificing her would have made the point of whole game pointless to me as why the heck at first that dream came into her mind as that makes no sense of the fact that ""Chloe will have to die no matter what"" which game tries to tell us and actually this really didn't happened at the end if we chose ""sacrifice Arcadia Bay"" ending as then the game showed that both of them were alive and Chloe lived happily after that and this conflicts with the fact of ""we can't save Chloe as she has to die no matter what ?"". Oh! wait its because all of this happened because Max messed up all of the alternate timelines according to Warren but then it shouldn't have happened at the first place as game tried to show that she already got that storm dream before she even messed around with time?And after seeing the other ending of sacrifice Chloe I can easily say that for me the ending of ""save Arcadia Bay"" was best one and as of final cutscene the way it was showing all of this was like many people survived and the city was actually destroyed but only the buildings not people ( that's my theory lol ) and it also saved up the city from Prescotts Family takeover and above all didn't Max and Chloe wanted to go somewhere far away and travel around the world with eachother since their childhood. All of this is according to my theory that most of the people survived the storm as Max and Chloe were looking pretty happy at the end like no one died hehe but then again thats my theory :P"
,Recommended,319630,14998274,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,MacroPower,"I definitely enjoyed the first episode of Life is Strange. The dialog is a bit intolerable at points, but if you're willing to look past that, you will find a genuinely fun and interesting experience. I actually found this to be a very relaxing game, the graphics are very vibrant and beautiful, and the soundtrack is absolutely superb. It's a nice break from Telltale - I've always found their games to have great mechanics, but the stories tend to stress me out. That's not to say Life is Strange doesn't have a good, sometimes chilling story - it just relies on elements such as the characters and events surrounding Max's power, rather than constant tension regarding your survival, or the survival of your comrades. Overall, this is a very enjoyable game, and I suggest that you strongly consider purchasing it."
,Recommended,319630,23591968,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TurtleSquared,"Only past Episode 1 and am experiencing a severe connection to Max.I usually dislike games that most would call ""Walking Simulators."" However speaking, I really am quite fond of this game in particular. I purchased the first episode to Life is Strange because I wanted to rant about a Walking simulator. Genuinely. Being a let's player, I loaded it up expecting plot holes, and ridiculous characters......and then I found Max...Max is the cliche geek that is very quiet, doesnt usually stand up for herself, and genuinely minds her own business (usually prone to Attacks from her colleagues.) She is litterally...me. I felt an extreme connection to Max, as I wondered around the campus. It feels as if the developers really grasped the 'geek' factor, rather than abusing it.The thing that really sold me on this game, is the choice that you have. Everything you do has a consequence. One of the reasons I usually hate on 'Walking Simulators' Is that you really dont feel like you are part of the story. Being part of the story (the center, really) is what makes 'Life is Strange' (along with a couple others [i.e The Stanley Parable]) really work.  I feel like every step I make is going to affect someone in the long run.If you want a nicely driven, interactive story to take you places for a while, I highly reccommend picking up this game. Even if you dont want to buy all 5 episodes, the developers have made the first episode separate from 2-5, and if you dont think your PC will run it, Try out the demo--it's free.I give this game a 9.5/10  (Especially for surprising me.)"
,Recommended,319630,24601635,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,xSavageryx,"Well well well... this game...woah...This like, makes you smile, cry, scream and want to punch your screen.The story is just so unique and so eventful.You are basically watching a film where you chose what happens and when it happens.The plot twists are just unbelieveableand i personally found the ending cruel for my heart.However I had such a great character bond with 'Chloe' and 'Kate'they were my favs!PLEASE PLAY THIS PURE BEAUTY!"
,Recommended,319630,24782661,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,@griimick,"Beware!This game will make a part of your heart feel empty. You will always want to forget about the game and start as a whole brand new game or maybe go back in time when u started the game. You will grow quite attached to the characters and the bond with them. Every part of the story is flawless, maybe because i have emotionally attached to the game. Every choice you make whether it is major or minor, you will keep on thinking about it. Don't judge the game just by the first episode as it is free now, there is a lot more in the game. I highly recommend this game not only as a gamer but also as a person. This game will teach you to value things in your life and cherish every moment you spend, to live your life to the fullest.10/10 : Highly recommendedthe plot, the characters, the music, everything is epic.Spoilers AheadI still regret choosingArcadia Bay over Chloein the end, but you can't defy fate, there are things that are meant to happen. And if you go for the alternate ending which i surely wanted to see after the game ended,it is still not sure if Chloe will be safe in future, after all""Destiny is a Fickle ♥♥♥♥♥"".EDIT : Nominated for ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"""
,Recommended,319630,31880488,Posted: 21 May,all,✪ winkz,"Emotional, well-written, masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,25800517,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zurahh,"9/10Strong emotional story, very well written"
,Recommended,319630,14741031,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,UzairAhmed,"Great game, great story. If you like those Telltale games, I think this game is better and worth buying."
,Recommended,319630,14592582,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nikenemesis✨,"Welcome to the Idyllic canvas appeal town of Arcadia, you are Maxine Caulfield who discovers she has an Innate butterfly effect. You get acquainted with her friends and her surrondings in this angsty teen drama. With different decisions leading you to different consequences, the end effect makes you realise that there is a darker tone forthcoming while picking up the threads."
,Recommended,319630,28677168,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sᵀ ᴬ ᴿ ᴮ ᴼʏ,"Imagine a universe where alternate realities exist. Now associate that with your life events. How far would you go to travel between parallel timelines so that you can save and savour that one moment you can never let go. The life event that defines who you are. Maybe family and friends. Maybe secrets that you wanna hold back. As Maxine Caulfield, a tender teenage girl who aspires to follow in the footsteps of the renowned Mr. Jefferson of photography art, you will face tough decisions as you uncover mistery of the serial killer that has haunted and amused everyone at the Blackwell Academy school.Would you take the matter of life and death into your own hands? Would you play God? What's the price? For Caulfield, little does she know that destiny has a far more retched plan as she meddles with time. She confides her super power in her best childhood friend, Chloe. At first, it seems fun proving it to her and amusing her by predicting future events. Maybe even going rogue around Arcadia Bay (the story is set around this place) to such lengths as breaking into the principal's office and tracking down the drug ring (and the serial killer).The story follows Maxine's and Chloe's adventures of fun and frolic. The two are inseparable detective freaks. Oblivious to Maxine, the impending disaster to Arcadia Bay will test her 'time' and bring her back to that one most precious moment, the most important of all, the final destination, the butterfly moment, the 'Butterfly Effect'. Torn between emotions and rage, Maxine must 'fix' everything she has sacrificed her power for and save Arcadia Bay from the disaster that is. But what would it mean for her best friend Chloe? What would it mean for her photography fame and career under Mr. Jefferson? What would it mean to live and die?This was one hell of a rollercoaster ride! Be prepared to cry. Be prepared to feel desperate. Be prepared to be the incredible Maxine Caulfield!I would easily give it a freaking 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,14412881,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,salty,"This is literally one of the best games I have ever played in my entire life.+Story 10/10+Music 10/10+Graphics 8/10 for a 5$ game this AWESOMEEdit : those 5$ for only the first Episode , i would highly recommend buying the rest of them :)+play YOUR WAY , your story do what you want :)Overall a very very nice game can't wait to buy the other Episodes .I am really glad i bought this game :)"
,Recommended,319630,33405431,Posted: 9 July,all,Modisc,"English:Life Is Strange is a five-part episodic game where everything depends on your choices.The story takes place in Art senior high school located in a town called Arcadia Bay. You will play as Max, 18 years old and silent girl who doesn’t have many friends and love to takes photos with her old camera. Everything changes for her in the moment when she saw something she wasn’t supposed to see and she discovers her power to rewind time. And that is the beginning of a great adventure of Max and her best friend Chloe. You will meet allies but also make enemies. You have a choice to be nice and friendly and stay out of trouble, or choose to make trouble everywhere possible. Max will also try to collect evidence for three different stories she wants to solve, which is accomplished, but not everything is as you thought it was.Czech:Life is strange je hra rozdelená do 5 epizod, a vše závisí na vašem rozhodnutí.Hra se začíná odehrávat na umělecké škole ve městě zvaném Arcadia Bay. Ocitnete se v kůži 18 leté Max, která je tichá, nemá moc kamarádu a ráda si fotí selfie se svým starým foťákem. Vše se ale změní když je na záchodě, a uvidí něco co by vidět neměla. Zjistí že muže přetáčet čas jak chce, a tak začíná velké dobrodružštví s kamarádkou Chloe. Postupem času si děláte přátele a i nepřátele. Máte na výběr jestli budete za tu hodnou holku která bude bez problému, nebo za tu co bude dělat problémy všem ve svém okolí. V přuběhu hry začne shromažďovat důkazy na tři různé příběhy které chcete rozluštit, což se nakonec povede, a vyplave na povrch dost zajímavých věcí které vas docela překvapí."
,Recommended,319630,14249868,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Epic Mushroom,"I kid you not, this is possibly the best game I've played in many years, I just finished episode one and I'm acctualy shaking slightly, I'm also speachless, this isn't a video game, this is downright ART. I felt such a strong conection to the characters and the story, especially since I'm a photographer in the real world like Max, the main character.It took me three hours to finished the first episode and I'm begging for more, absolutly amazing game! 10/10 any day.YOU MUST, BUY THIS GAME! ALL EPISODES!I don't care if you have to rob a store to get the £15.99 to buy this, JUST DO IT! :D"
,Recommended,319630,25617233,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,scott,"Step 1 – get episode 1 for free.Step 2 – slowly get hooked.Step 3 - buy the other episodes.Step 4 – master time and become a time lord…Step 5 – realized that you in love with a girl named ChloeStep 6 – chose between crying yourself to sleep at night or using your time lord powers to never play this game again…Overall… game was amazing, and it’s a must finish game to understand how great it is."
,Recommended,319630,19172454,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Nitrogsen™,"i have to say, this is by far the best single player game i have played in years, the story is amazing, and even the smallest choice might make a huge impact on a lot of the story.it has a lot of good twists, and small details that just makes the gameplay perfect.can't give this game any less than 10/10really hope we get a second game :D"
,Recommended,319630,14647278,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mommy,"I must admit, I acquired Life Is Strange partly from the negative descriptions given it by so many men; from what these numerous Nice Guys™ say, it's an unabashed celebration in female supremacy, bloated with an excessive amount of pro-feminist agenda, and freely leavened with anti-male sentiment. I was branded by their upbeat forum denizens as a lesbian man-hating misandrist sexually abused by her father before I even got the game, and I presumed that as such I could only experience ultimate joy in its feminazi power fantasy.This game... surprised me, however. It featured a touching, inspired storyline with many realistic and fully developed characters, with a lighthearted and calming atmosphere. Life Is Strange features beautiful graphics and tranquil scenery, accompanied by unique game play, marked with an unusual and innovative method of progressing through the game.The female supremacy, however, was decidedly lacking. There was no crushing men beneath the steel toes of my combat boots, no oppressing men with laughter, no delight at causing sorrow with vicious malice and violence; there was not even any intrusion into men's safe spaces in the sciences with our exploitation of our gender, no being selfish and narcissistic queens of white knights, or whatever we're apparently doing these days. Instead of wearing the skins of slain men, greedily drinking their tears, and reveling in their screams of pain, I was captivated by its beauty and fascinating story. Even later I witnessed a man who was emotionally troubled, and only experienced concern and worry, and when I saw him cry, I felt no joy, only emptiness.8.5/10 as a video game, 0/10 as a feminazi power trip"
,Recommended,319630,25624634,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Elven Star,"'Life is Strange' is storytelling using the elements of a video game done right. It starts off rather cliché. Average girl. High school. Some drama between her and the other students. The moment we guide Max to photograph the blue butterfly on the bucket in the girl's bathroom is the moment we truly fall into her engrossing world. Later we meet Chloe and the story gets dipped into her 'Sex, drugs, and rock and roll' lifestyle fueled by the immense loss she has experienced with her father and this mysterious, recently missing girl, Rachel Amber. Their story takes place in a realistically portrayed pacific northwestern city around Blackwell, a private high school that seems to focus heavily on the arts, and the students that attend.As Max, we get to interact with and explore every scene in multiple instances in time as well as revisit these scenes throughout the game. Depending on our dialog and interaction choices, some things open up and some close. That's where all the fun and game play lies here; in the time travel, dialog, and piecing together clues. Realizing from one scene to the next, that your entire story and interactions with characters could have been different in another playthrough is truly brilliant. Just like Max is gripping with her own reality and asking herself, “What if?”, this gameplay has me truly questioning my guidance of her and my own decisions. Interacting with each element available in a scene has become my favorite activity. Imagine a gripping, suspenseful TV show or book, where you could pick up your own clues in the scene. Sometimes I realize something about the characters from this “optional” gameplay hours or episodes before Max does, as a character. I've never seen anything quite like this in a game and I really hope it has a big influence on the storytelling in future video games.Not only do we have this wonderful game play to contend with, the scenery, indie music score and cutscenes flawlessly create a mood and nostalgia with the game. When I sit up from playing I have to blink a few times and remind myself that I am no longer in Arcadia Bay. Sometimes I have to remind myself I am also no longer in college with how close this game and character elements ring true to my life experiences.I had this game sitting in my library for months, ignorant to the hours I'd spend in it ahead of me. If you're ready to 'binge watch' a video game then I wholeheartedly recommend diving into 'Life is Strange'."
,Recommended,319630,28227122,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,airgibbo,"That's not a game, that's a life changing experience.Buy this game and play it with you're heart, because this will change your feelings for the rest of your life, trust me. A rollercoaster of emotions, amazing characters, a soundtrack that will give you chills and a story that you will never forget. What can I say without spoiling something? Just buy the game, you will never regret it."
76561198046438242,Recommended,319630,29926628,Posted: 14 February,all,Cpt. Fuckface,"I guess my review will drown in others, but nevermind. It's game you play once, and it stays in you head for... like I know? I've finished it 6 months ago. Everytime when I think about it or look at screenshots I've made it gives me that feeling which I can't even describe with words. Worth the full price."
,Recommended,319630,31098068,Posted: 12 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"A point-and-click game that will remind players of the Fighting Fantasy and Choose Your Own Adventure books – well, those who old enough to remember them. If you never owned one, imagine a story in which you are the hero in an adventure and unlike other books, which are presented in a linear pattern, you flip back and forth between the pages based on the choices you make as the narrative unfolds.It’s similar to Telltale Games’s Walking Dead series, in which the narrative branches based on the choices you makes.PROS+Well Written Story+Well rounded characters+Choices Ingame offers a lot of replay valueCons-Unskippable cutscenesNeutral=Only 2 endingsIt has to be said at this stage that Life is Strange won’t appeal to everyone. A lot of the time you will get the very real sense that they aren’t so much playing a game as you are directing – and re-directing – scenes in an interactive television show. A lot of the story in Life is Strange is revealed in cutscenes and conversations, all of which are unskippable unless you've already witnessed them. Oh, and there’s the small matter that – at least in its first episode – Life is Strange isn’t exactly choc-full of high octane action; you don’t wade through rooms filled with enemies shooting them in the face. Story is key here and your enjoyment of this game hinges on your willingness to surrender to it completely.The dialogue is consistently weak, and the fourth and fifth episodes aren’t as strong as the first three. Low-tech graphics can take you out of the game. characters and story are well written and drawn, with some excellent voice-acting. Moral decisions make a real difference. Great presentation and soundtrack.My real complaint is that the game starts better than it ends, with an especially weak penultimate episode that’s poorly paced and labours its points with a clumsiness that the other chapters generally avoid. The same episode also introduces a new plot element that’s considerably less interesting and original than the others.The final episode does largely recover it’s footing though, and even if the final game-ending decision comes a little out of nowhere it’s as gut-wrenchingly difficult as Dontnod obviously intended.Final Verdict 4.5/5 must ownDespite its obvious flaws the reactive story and compelling characters make this one of the best storytelling experiences of the current generation.Note:i will not spoil this great game for you. since i already play this one on ps4 and continue to play from last chapter where is my sister left out for different ending."
,Recommended,319630,23309528,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,A Goatwork Orange #YOLO,"I've never written any reviews for any game but this one really deserves it. What can I say ? Awesome story, great and interesting characters, the soundtrack is just PERFECT from Syd Matters to the Foals, super immersive experience, it really felt like I was actually in the game !I've played it two times, and I enjoyed every part of it. My only regret the first time was thatI couldn't save Kate and it made me so sad. :'(Now the downside of the game (it was still a perfect gaming experience for me nevertheless) : I didn't find the last episode as good as the others. It began in a really good way, then it got a bit boring (the nightmare part was a little too long for my taste) and in the end, no matter what choices you made, you'll end up picking one of the only two possible endings.The first time I decided to sacrifice Chloe. This ending was made in such a beautiful way, I was still crying about it weeks after I've finished it. Then I wanted to see what the other ending looked like... And what a disappointment. Way shorter than the other, we don't really see a lot happening because they just leave the city not even wondering if Joyce, Warren or the others might still be alive... Weird.Other than that Dontnod made a reaaaaally good job with this game, it was realistic, and there are many references here and there it's always funny to see. The incredibly good voice acting gets you even more into it.Chloe's voice in the Junkyard scene completely broke my heart. :(One thing I particularly loved is all these moments where you can just sit somewhere, relax and listen to Max's thoughts and the wonderful music while looking at beautiful sceneries. *-*So yes, this game is a straight 1000/10 for me, will play it again for sure. ♥"
,Recommended,319630,17284111,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[ Epitaph Of Love ],"I came becuz of the lesbians, stayed for the plot and now I'm in my room crying like a baby after finish the episode 4ps: played episode 5, and I'm still crying on the floor.11/10 would play it again."
,Recommended,319630,30128657,Posted: 23 February,all,RinRRRRRRRRRRR,"A game that makes you fell in love with your emotions, your pain, decision-making, and - unexpectedly - a girl.Why does every game on steam try to make me a lesbian.There's the game Hunie something, and then there's this.This one will make you cry tho. Like, really really hard. Seriously, try it.Would definitely kiss her again. You know what I mean, players who've played the game. (awkward wink)10/10"
,Recommended,319630,14668398,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ɗᴙλɠøὴ,"Watered my plant...-This action will have consequences-Best game ever10/10Life is strange, really. The first thing that struck me about this game, was it's beleivable feel. All sorts of drama is happening around you, the choice is really your's as to what you decide to do,....everything having consequences.Music, and atmosphere are very submersive.It's too early for me to tell, if I love the story. Also unfortunately the game doesn't have the option to kick victoria in the teeth. (to my knowledge, maybe shouldn't have watered plant?)Give it a try..."
,Recommended,319630,23144184,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rebell,"For me it's the best story from All Games !+Characters+Story+Environment+Graphic+Dialogues+SoundtrackWhere to start ? Maybe at Max and Chloe ?  Those are fantastic charactercs which for me can't be replaced .Story gave it Feelings , at the end of Episode 2 I cried out of pity , and at the end of Episode 3 i cried out of happiness .Because here is an amazing Environment it's a great place where to take a lot of awesome Screenshots .Graphic is more then acceptable , for me it's enough .Dialogues are very well done . It's not like in other games where you feel like you are talking with artificial intelligence , here is something more , i want to say that you can feel that Authors put themself into it .And at the end what is like icing on the cake is good Soundtrack which i can listen over and over .This game is amazing experience and it's not just about leave reallity to relax , there is a lot of hidden ideas which can be useful in our lifes .10/10 I can't say something negative on it . I mostly recommend it !"
,Recommended,319630,28689302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Admiral,"Games can impact you in many ways. Sometimes they make you think, sometimes they bring you joy, or sometimes sadness. Life is Strange touches on all of these things while unraveling a seemingly simple story of a girl in high school. It's a game that brings up issues some of us have faced growing up as well as reminding us of the the simple beauty all around. It covers the importance of art and expressing yourself no matter what others think or say. It discusses depression, suicide, fitting in, kindness, discovering who you are, compassion, love, and friendship. The soundtrack and art style are really relaxing and make the experience that much more memorable. The story, choices you make, and characters are all very complex and interesting. Life is Strange impacted me deeply and I think it should be played by everyone at least once. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,319630,18582492,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Xiancha Encari,What i think so far.Episode 1: ITS A TRAP!Episode 2: Okay school drama?Episode 3: Wait. waht just happened?Episode 4: My feels. Why can't i hold all of my feels?Episode 5: I think im going mad. emag eht tsuj epon!How can this be improved?GIVE US MORE. perhaps another season? Or just more max and chloe?
,Recommended,319630,24963554,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lavernius Regalis,"Life Is StrangeYou know, I probably wouldn't have ever tried this game if the first episode wasn't made free, but DONTNOD Entertainment just earned themselves a customer with this production. All I can say after this first episode is...damn. This one really left an impression on me, and it's not often something can do that after only two hours.GraphicsThis game has a fairly distinct art style. All the characters are designed (relatively) realistically, but the scenery is stylized, like an oil painting. You probably won't be impressed if you take a close look at the background clutter, but I thought it was pretty nice to look at from a distance, and all the posters, text, et cetera are similarly stylized. The post-processing is, in my opinion, extremely well-done, and the whole production rolls along like a blockbuster movie. But what do I know, I'm not a photographer. In any case, I wouldn't consider Life Is Strange to be groundbreaking when it comes to graphical detail, but I would say that everything comes together nicely to make for a visually appealing game. My only complaint is that the lip synchronization is far from perfect.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=746606049AudioLife Is Strange definitely earns itself some more praise here. The voice acting is top-notch, everything is well-written and well-performed. The ambient environment sounds are similarly high quality, and just by listening to the game, one really feels as though they were actually in that location - a high school, suburbs, or on the coast of Oregon. The music is appropriately used, and while I haven't heard any incredibly dramatic tracks so far, the game was scored quite well. Dramatic moments hardly need music from what I've seen of this game so far, as they're already incredibly tense on their own.PerformanceI'll say fairly confidently that as long as your system exceeds the minimum requirements, you'll be able to run Life Is Strange, though I would recommend that your system exceeds the recommended requirements if you'd like it to run well. Lower-end laptops will probably suffer from low framerates. On my system, I manage a constant 60 frames per second, and I've only encountered one bug that required a restart throughout the game so far. Once again, I have no real complaints.GameplayDespite how much praise I've given this title so far, it isn't perfect, and this is where it falters. It's less a game in my mind and more an interactive film - a damn good film, but an interactive film nonetheless. Initially, it plays about how you'd expect of a third-person story-driven adventure title, and I actually opted to pick up a DualShock controller for the duration of this game. It simply controls better with a console controller, as much as I usually hate saying that. Outside of the dialogue, most of the gameplay revolves around problem- and puzzle-solving, though many of these puzzles and problems wouldn't give a second-grader much of a challenge. The unique feature of this title that slightly redeems the gameplay is a major plot point, which I'll cover below.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=747228112StorylineLife Is Strange really managed to pull me in with its storyline; within five minutes, I was hooked, and I promptly spent the rest of my afternoon finishing the first free chapter. This game features great writing and excellent presentation, and the plot is another take on something I'm sure we've all thought about at some point intime:What if we could reverse it? The entire story revolves around Max Caulfield, a high school senior obsessed with photography currently attending a prestigious private school in her small hometown in Oregon. She discovers, after experiencing a terrible crime, that she has the ability to reverse time and retain all of her memories in the process. The player can then use this nearly to their heart's content. For example, trespass into a location, look over things you weren't meant to see, then back out, putting everything back like it was before without anyone noticing a thing. Despite this, there are some extremely tough decisions to make throughout the game, and some of them really hit me emotionally, simply because they are no-win situations. It fits with some of the underlying themes of this title; one such idea being that even with the ability to rewind time, one cannot ensure everything will play out perfectly in their favor. I won't share too many details about the story lest I spoil the experience, but so far I'm extremely impressed by it, and it's probably the main reason most people will consider Life Is Strange. And, to be honest, on more than one occasion, this game left me with tears in my eyes...Community ContentWell, I'm not sure what I should say here. Life Is Strange wasn't exactly designed to be modified by its users, and this is often the case with story-based adventure titles in the style of Telltale Games. There isn't any support for community content that I'm aware of, and I'm not sure what the user base would make if there was any support, besides perhaps graphical enhancements or unofficial bug fixes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=746605985VerdictI'm not often drawn to story-based games like this, but thanks to the decision to make the first episode free, I'm definitely going to be purchasing the rest of the episodes so that I can see this game through. I was very impressed by the audio and visual design of this game, and the plot has left me both incredibly satisfied with its quality and heartbroken (in both the best and worst way possible) with its decisive moments. It may not last forever like, say, the Arma series could, but this game did something not many could: It's managed to make me re-evaluate what I get out of games, and it's made me seriously consider story-based adventure titles like it. And if that isn't a good enough recommendation, maybe this is: It is one of the only games I have ever played that prompted me to lie down and cry. Four times.I recommend Life Is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,18582261,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,elasticheart,I'm broken.
,Recommended,319630,14255559,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,hokohuang,"I've been addicted to  the point&click games  purely driven by stories since Quantic Dream and TTG opened this era. With or without puzzles I don't care any more, a good story is the only thing that counts.  One big but simple reason is that such games always provide player with her/his own point of view.  I love the freedom to dig into a story ,  to react in a dialog, to  move the camera lens,  to linger at my favorite scene...  It makes the protagonist intimate, and story immersive,  with so much ease.So from my perspective,Life is Strangeis quite a success. The atmosphere  this game has developed is so fascinating.  I should have mentioned that I am not a citizen of US or any other English speaking country ( the clumsy writing probably sold me already..) , I'm living and grew up in a country where the youth live a different style, but  I can still feel the story real. While  following Max's footsteps and listening to her smart comments, I was drawn into  this western campus world and found it familiar without much difficulty.  I especially love the aquarelle-like graphic there at the school lawn, everything is warm toned. Sitting under that maple tree , basking in the sunlight and observing surroundings, I did feel the exact excitement and anxiety inside Max about the strange moment of that day, or maybe of her life. This is just one of the solitude moments which come from the most brilliant feature of this game. I don't know the filmology definition of this trick. It's like to keep playing one scene over and over with several cameras from different angles , and make player tasting the feeling, which is mostly triggered by Max's monologue,  as long as (s)he wants. It feels so good. And music serves the scenes very well. e.g. in Chloe's house,""Santa Monica Dream""is so fitting to bring up the meaning of ""You can never go home again"" that it made me cry a bit in the deep heart .The game is very adept at extracting emotion from non-dialogue elements, which is new in this genre.  Though the story of the first episode emphasized on introduction, with this quality I have no reason not to put my faith in Dontnod.edited :As for the storyto avoid spoiler by accident (I found no point to write a review covered with a lengthy black shield as my last one) , I am  just going to answer two questions which I guess most people might be interested:Q: I know the story is a science fiction, but how deep is it？ Is the protagonist's supernature power just used as a minor prop to depict a realistic topic.A: Nope, though I personally had hoped it to be so(like the movieAbout Time, it would be more of a challenge),  the story turned out to be rotating around supernature in the end of the episode, a havoc can be predicted, and Max's power will play a great part in it.Q: Do those choices take effect in the ending ?A: The answer cannot be told in the first episode, but I am confident of a ""YES"", at least to the following episodes if not the ending. The choice results differentiate quite clearly, and in later scenes game does remind you that it has remembered your choice, and hints those would carry more effects in the future.One flaw: overuse of Max's rewind.I like rewind interfering choices, that really frees me  from the painful S/L and replay-the-whole-scene process only to  correct the ""false choice"" . But in other situations , they might have overused it. Like , to ""force"" Max  do something rude and rewind to wipe out the consequence,  sometimes make me feel Max bear no bottomline in morality. And I can see they were trying hard to attach the rewind to some puzzle-solving. While some tricks relating to story and characters are actually fun, the others  look rigid and unnecessary."
,Recommended,319630,30579551,Posted: 17 March,all,Fatty,"I finished this game at a really difficult time in my life, I  wasn't really expecting much despite all the hype, but it is definitely worth finishing.The story presents some pretty stark realities of being human , ultimately , Max was alone and every choice she made led her to have to sacrifice something huge and although our choices in everyday life aren't quite always as dramatic as Max's, it is something we all do at some point in our lives. Our choices shape who we are and we spend the rest of our lives wondering if we have chosen differently at that moment, maybe things would be different, and you know what ? They would be. But everything happens for a reason, right ?"
,Recommended,319630,27892549,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kurome,"Making it short...The Story, The Characters and the graphic create an awesome atmosphere.Its just really addictive and fun to play.The game is amazing and defnitly worth the Money!"
76561198255592173,Recommended,319630,35225790,Posted: 26 September,all,lanhongjianlr,"So is it worth it to trudge thru all this only to go back to the starting point? Definitely. Cuz it let you know the very reality is the best that can ever happen to you.Characters 9/10: Really got myself immersed into this. The characters are so vivid and convincing I feel Im just Max and they just live around me. I love Max’s love and hate her hate.  The time shekissed WarrenI fell love with this girl. Although some of the characters felt a little bit too characteristic I could always find someone similar in real life. Nerd, geek, rockstar, bully, hippie, every school has them right? I don't give it a full mark becuz I feel the transitions of some characters are too abrupt. Trust me you cannot guess who’s the real hero and villain until the last chapter. You can say it makes the story more dramatic but I think more hints and clues are needed to make it more reasonable.Story 10/10: Story is riveting. Romance, murder, mystery, bully, time-manipulation, you can find almost every popular element in the game. Many turning points in the story, you will not have the reality(or is there a reality?) until the end. Atmosphere is great. Conversations are rich, pretty much every character has their own personality. The rhyme of the game is tense, which really got me into the story. Cant remember how many times I got moved by the game. The only flaw I saw is in the last chapter Max told Chloe to explain everything to her when they came back to the past. Previous time rewinding never took away Max’s memory. Maybe I got it wrong I dunno.Graphics 7/10: Mediocre for a game produced in 2013, but it is compensated by its art style.Art 10/10: The art style is kinda like a combo of cartoon and oil painting, which really appeals to my taste.Audio performance 10/10: Great soundtrack. Every time Max sat down somewhere reflecting I chose to spend a bit more time enjoying the music. The voice acting is amazing too.Gameplay 7/10: This is basically a avg so you cant ask for much gameplay. The time rewinding is cool and you will find out it is way more than save/load. But few things other than that.Optimization 8/10: Ran smoothly on my pc until crash several times in the last chapter. Guess the storm was taking the optimization away.The first time this game struck a chord with me was when I saw Kate(oh little Katie Im sooo sorry I let you die) was taking fluoxetine. Always wanting to be the best and perfect, I developed deep anxiety and depression when I was in graduate school. Countless times I just wanted to quit, to give up everything I had to hide in some place where I could take the courage to face my real self. Thank God I still have games with me. From The Witcher, I learned what the world needs is not hero, but professional. From The Dark Souls, I learned there is always hope as long as you don't give up. From To The Moon, I know love is love, which cannot be altered by time, space, everything. There are just so many examples I cant enumerate them all, and they encouraged me to keep my head held up. When I screwed up something in the past, I always wished I could have the power to go back and fix it, or maybe the next morning I would wake up finding every trouble was just a dream and now I lived in a different time line from that imperfect me. Now from Life Is Strange, I truly understand the meaning of “present is a gift”; I believe there is no “better choice” and the reality is the best that can ever happen to me; I know I will always come back, not necessarily with a better me, but a happier me. Thank you Geralt, thank you Vito, thank you the Ashen One, thank you Warren, Chloe, and Max, I know you will always have my back.Overall The number of times I shed tears/10"
,Recommended,319630,27935997,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gommora,"I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"
,Recommended,319630,29836725,Posted: 10 February,all,Utku,Life is Strange beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Telltale at their own game.
,Recommended,319630,18588402,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Frosttbyt,"After playing the whole thing from start to finish over these past months, it's safe to say that this game is one of the best story-driven games I have played so far. It is told so well and presented in such a way that you can't help but get lost in this little world. The colorful visuals, amazing soundtrack, good story, and likable characters will get you hooked. The game does a great job setting the theme and atmosphere. With everything going on, you'll see why they say, life is strange. If you truly want to soak in everything, I'd suggest you find some free time alone without interruptions and let the story unfold. It's meant to evoke emotions in the player. Try to explore everything, check every possible conversation option, and find the nice little details within the game. Do however, take breaks between episodes since they can be quite lengthy. While this game is being highly praised, everything isn’t executed perfectly. There are some dull moments here and there, and parts that will slow down the pace of the game, but that isn't enough to keep you away from playing this masterpiece. This game is definitely worth experiencing and I would highly recommend anyone to pick it up.I'd rate this 9/10."
76561198031779243,Recommended,319630,27535646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Babykohr,"The game touches on many interests.  Life is indeed strange!! Dramatic, beautiful, engaging. A must play!!The acting and voice work as technical in a game like this can be were innovative. The soundtrack was awe inspiring and left one swept away into the this episodic masterpiece. An emotional ride not soon to forget. Visually absorbing."
,Recommended,319630,31216590,Posted: 18 April,all,Holty,"If someone says video games aren't art, show them this."
,Recommended,319630,26020094,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MAKRADOS,"Life Is Strange – Personal Statement of a Gamer who rediscovered himselfPlease take your time to read this in depth, subjective review! (All Episodes covered)First thoughts:Let’s pretend this is my first and I guess only review about a game. Normally I let games speak for themselves, but this needs to be emphasized. My soul will do this! I have the feeling that I want to share my experience with people unsure about purchasing this game or people who have already put them through this interactive artwork (and want to read what others think). If you want to find an emotional review (without spoilers), you should read thoroughly!What this game made with me:I do not consider this game to be the most amusing one, because too many covered topics like grief, suicide, false friends, mental disorder, letting go, human atrocities etc. are dragging the good mood down. However, I consider this adventure to be the most immense and devastating (in a beautiful way) as well as being my personal key back to locked thoughts and ways of thinking that I totally forgot about or maybe suppressed. Never before in my life I faced something unique that helped me to resensitize and stabilize at such a short period of time (doesn't mean I was mentally unstable).Finally, it took over three days to catch other thoughts again. Then, I realized that specific contents cured the pain. This game first paralyzed and subsequently hypnotized me, so to speak. I don’t care what trolls will make out of my written, hard to express thoughts. If you believe that you’ve got a warm heart and your mind needs a refresh, then this game shall support you.Even if you suggest being stable, there’ll be still more to discover.Recommendation for (every thinkable person, BUT):I will not recommend playing this game in a very bad mood! Plus I will not recommend it to mentally/critically unstable persons. Know your limits!Talk to someone!So the developers made no joke as they put a text overlay at the bottom after every finished episode, advising to search for help if certain themes or contents concerned you.What it put ME through:Apart from my recommendations I can assure you that ""Life Is Strange"" supported me to get the - hard to process - loss of my gf (break up was more than three years back) out of my system. I thought I could handle agony with creativity and passion towards media art. Yet, those creative works just blurred my memory and soothed out the sorrow, a bit. It also availed, no doubts.Life is Strange availed me on a complete other level of greatness! Not only in finding out that there is still a lot alive in my soul, but also in breaking all my disbelief in faith, love and humanity. Life can make you turn rough and cold. All this apathy towards your surroundings will start to harm over time. But now I’ll stop those randomly placed wisdoms. I just think it’s important to lay stress on every single thought.More about game design and mechanics:What if, one day more and more companies are going to start such projects, too? Hopefully it won’t end in downloadable skins (for money), sluggish gameplay, unintuitive controls, way too hardware demanding graphics… Well, I digress. Life Is Strange is a stylized game with a sharp eye on a lot of details. This comes to place as soon as the game commits you to make decisions. Here you go! Details, stories and characters change as you make decisions. You create lives and stories, and yet it has more to offer.Animations look authentic, lighting design works fantastically, little details on every single texture had been added and the all around graphics are just phenomenal. Camera placement always feels right so the set design is a plus as well. This beats the heck out of photorealistic 3D stuff, lame cliché plots, overused scenarios and so on. You needn’t the best of the best while designing a game. The best arises as you process a design concept and a specific style guide. If you know this, there will be no dilemma.Yearning for more? The music is another amazing thing… it’s in harmony with the game all along. No spoilers intended but my ringtone isPiano Fire by Sparklehorse, and I’ve never changed the all time boring ring-ring sound of my mobile phones. The chosen music appears to be the most brilliant and accurate choice Dontnod (Developer) could’ve made (hopefully they won’t regret that choice…). Every song fits in each situation perfectly. On the other hand I’m also a musician so this was a double intense experience to me. There’s nothing else to say about the games audio-visual properties, so let’s move on.Personal discoveries:Straight talk: Never in my life I spent all my focus to a game from 1am till 18pm without eating, drinking or even doing anything else. This adventure literally anaesthetized me. I'm playing videogames since I was being a little child. I played games all across the board. So now as an adult I can tell you that I’m playing with an expert eye (also studying media). I can’t compare this experience to any other videogame I had. Its emotional impact was suffocating and big.What does it make so special (Conclusion):Not all that long ago my Professor told me that we don’t appreciate reality in our fictitious projects. So how can you convert a real scenario to a surreal, yet keeping the authenticity and purity that we only connect to our well-known reality? That’s a big question to answer. And it’s not so easy to hit that spot precisely. Anyways, Life Is Strange hit it right into my heart. It tore me apart and fixed everything just at the same time. I needed three days of distance and sleep to recover from all stories and events I encountered. Today the entire story is still present and doesn’t want to leave. This is a nice point. I fell in love again. And I did not expect this to happen in a fictive, interactive game. I still feel this intense love. I don’t know from where it came but I’m happy that it cured diverse agony, and brought light into my subconsciousness, even though I was always dealing with darkness on my own. Despite of that, the identification I had with this magical game seems to have cleaned the leftover dirt on my soul. This game proved me to believe in magical, inexplicable events again.A good point to end my review:There are so many fascinating things about friendship. There are so many beautiful emotions to admire. There are so many interesting things to discover in life. You shouldn’t give up your strengths. You have to trust yourself. Don’t give it up. That’s what this game messaged me. I can't compare this videogame to any other. The amount of emotions and feelings are overwhelming. This game is totally strange. That’s what makes it so special to me. A must have to anybody who wants a trip that he’ll or she’ll never forget (even to non-gamers). Feel free to contact me, whether something was hard to understand or you need closure.Last recommendation is ""Remember Me"" also by Dontnod! Another compelling story! And now to the devs: Keep up these mindblowing Stories! I love them!Steven"
76561198045141591,Recommended,319630,26509649,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"Okay… So this game was so close to getting a down for me, I can barely believe it. Not that this game is bad, in fact if I was to give it a rating it would probably earn an eight or an eight point five. Since the thing that almost shattered this entire game for me, is spoiler-related a lot of this review is going to be with the spoiler tag on. So yeah. If you like a character driven game that knows how to make people cry and whip up a sad atmosphere, you might want to give this one a try… I don’t usually cry in games, but one moment got too emotional for me, because it got a bit too close to my personal biggest fear.Gonna get into hella spoiler and rant territory now, so if you don’t want that stop reading… I am being cereal here… If you don’t want to know the end, no reading.Can a bad ending ruin an otherwise great game? I know that good games can have a horrible ending, and while you end disappointed you can still say it was a great game. Mass Effect 3 and The Witcher 3 both being good examples of terrible endings, while both are great games, Mass Effect 3 even my favorite in its series. However what about an ending that is so abysmal that it retroactively ruins everything before it? One that doesn’t just touch the last minutes of the game, but the entire playthrough, tainting it? This game had one such ending…This game has two endings. One I call the “Last of Us” ending. Which is fine, and it is because this ending exist that I chose to give this game an up, as it left me happy enough. The characters had lost so much gone, through hell and sacrificed. However this ending is not fleshed out much… It is much shorter and leaves many fates up in the air. Which leads me to feel this is the ending the developers feel is the wrong ending… While I feel they should have let it be the only main story ending, with the multiple ending being fleshing out what happened to all of the other characters.Then we have the other ending… The one I chose to call “it all happened in the protagonist’s head” ending. This ending leaves the entire story and journey pointless. As this is what would have happened if she wasn’t part of the story. If she had never had powers… never taken any action. Which is a monumental problem for me… She gets the vision of destruction and death before she gets her time powers… She then accidentally uses these time powers to save a girl she doesn’t even think she knows because she hasn’t seen her for five years and didn't recognize her. At this point in the story IT IS NOT ABOUT SAVING CHLOE! It is about saving someone, if given the opportunity to do so. But at the end the lesson, the reason for this entire journey, all the pain all the heartache is to teach Max how to realize she can’t save Chloe… We never see her trying to go to extremes to save her before she gets time powers.So the only reason for an ending with that message to be justified is if:1) Max realized that it was Chloe and got all psycho mode trying to bring her back. Like summoning gods, spirits, witches, to get the powers to alter time. Totally Winchester brothers levels of trying to save each other no matter what. Which we saw she didn’t do, time-jumping was an accident the first time. So no, Max probably wouldn’t have obsessed with saving Chloe if she didn’t get time powers. After all they hadn’t spoken in five years.2) None of it happened… Max and Chloe never did any of this. It is all in Max’ head. She never got to talk to Chloe after moving away, and she saw her get gunned down in school. She is so destroyed that she never got to make up with her best friend that she creates this scenario in her head to make herself believe that what happened was the way it was meant to happen. And trying to change it by going back would only have caused bigger damage… Such a twist ending would have worked in a movie I think. Though still wouldn't be happy about it. But in a game? Especially one with so many choices? No. It feels like a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the face...This ending is the longer one, as you see the pieces fall into place over the game. The bad guys getting put away, Max meeting the family… Everyone grieving… (And every information Max need to think up this crazy ride would be presented to her.) I hate this ending, not because she dies, but because the lesson was a problem we didn’t see at the beginning of the game, but one that developed over the course of the game. It is hella lame. :PThis game has great characters, teens just trying to find their way in a classic American high school setting as it is usually portrayed in the movies. Though dealing with a lot of hard core issues.Serious bullying, drugs, date♥♥♥♥♥♥ murder, suicide, school violence, gun-control all themes that come up during the story in some way.Playing around with time, short-term time anyway, is a lot of fun and leads to some interesting puzzles. And it is a really fun concept.I found the voices, the sound, and the style of the game to all be beautiful. Though I wish it would have given some more happy moment. When the characters were meant to have fun and relax a bit, I felt there was constantly a sad undertone to it all. Life doesn’t have just one emotion and theme throughout a week, especially not in the teenage years where emotions are raging for control. I feel like the developers really knew how to do sad, but they didn’t really know how to put the same weight behind anger, fear, and happiness which should have been the more dominant emotion during some parts of the story.But games are art, and art is meant to invoke emotion. Even if this game for me mainly invoked one emotion, it did do that very well. As long as I get the right ending… I am glad I bought it. And I hope the team behind this stays creative."
76561198138455900,Recommended,319630,22871081,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lrrrrrrr,This game is the only proof anyone should ever need that video games can indeed be art. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,29039716,Posted: 5 January,all,iMatrix7,"- INTRODUCTIONWoah.What the hell I just played....... but hold on.This, will be just a comment by myself on ""Life is Strange"", and won't be a review (you seriously don't need another one, I hope). It's absolutelySPOILER FREE, so feel free to read it if you want, and you're interested. :)- COMMENTThe game is all about the fascinating chaos theory, and american school dramas.It was unbelievable to see how it's easy to judge someone quickly and get wrong about him, or to see what a simple action could do in the future.Sometimes it's hard to accept the reality, even more when it totally suc*s.People we love could hurt us, or our friends could not be treated as they deserve. Sometime it's really hard to do the good thing, and could happen to make some mistakes that could hurt or make feel worst someone else, and what you could do about it? Nothing. Just keep going forward, hoping that next time will be different, but guess what? It's still so damn hard.But what if our faith, actally isn't what we want for us? What will happen if we had the power to change it?The power to change bad things happened to us, to our friends, to our family.. and improve each single moment on its best? I bet most of you will pay millions to have this power, don't you? It could be the key to have the PERFECT LIFE.Well...... be careful on what you're asking then,'cause Life is Strange, and unpredictable.- CONCLUSIONI'd like to do a particular mention to ""Square Enix"" and ""Dontnod Entertainment"" for the amazing product they brought to us, full of great quality contents and details, and especially for theAMAZING soundtracksincluded in the game, they really made the difference.And everyone of them, with the rest, made this game... PERFECT.""To all of you, American girls,its sad to, imagine a world without you."" <3(Syd Matters)"
76561198130280445,Recommended,319630,25156092,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,fanny,"My favorite and the most beautiful game I've ever played. In spite of  playing  games full of action and competitive fighting, it  has made me feel from softhearted tears  to the amusement and pleasure of its story. I will never forget such  masterpiece from the depth of my heart . As always, Square Enix amazes me without fail."
,Recommended,319630,28112124,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Eren Jaegernaut,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
,Recommended,319630,30636538,Posted: 20 March,all,Bray,"Played it a litte, seems good."
,Recommended,319630,29074051,Posted: 6 January,all,Panzerscout,The most moving piece of software I've ever had the pleasure of consuming.
,Recommended,319630,33169138,Posted: 2 July,all,Ravi,Absolute Masterpiece in story telling. This game got the place in my 10 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die List. Words can't describe this game. You must play it to believe it.Infinite/10
,Recommended,319630,24664362,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Freeza,How to play Life is Strange :1 - Start the game2 - Lie down3 - Try not to cry4 - Cry a lotJust amazing!!!!
76561198166620870,Recommended,319630,28879419,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"It took me 12 hours to beat this game, and I was taking my time with it, looking at everything in the world and what not. I've never played such a game with as much emotion and heartfelt as Life Is Strange. It deals with alot of moral issues such as abuse but is also about friendship. If you haven't played Life Is Strange, you may be missing out on one of the most cinematically engaging games.At the same time, characters and situations are highly relatable and realistic so if you are a product of abuse, you may feel that much more while playing this game. Still, it's cool that this game makes players aware if such issues and even tells players ""If you feel something while you play this game, please visit our website where we'll help you reach a support group in your area."""
76561198063253334,Recommended,319630,22741701,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Noodle,"I almost never write a review for a game but this game... this game deserves to be known by everybody.The story is amazing, the art, the graphics, the characters,...I can honestly say that I almost cried during this game and that never happens.For only 5 euros you can try the first episode (which ends in a massive cliffhanger ofc) and for only 20 euros you can get the full game. I say only because so many games today are so expensive and not worth that kind of money but this one... this one is worth every cent of it.The work that must've  went in creating the story alone, most stories about time traveling are quite obvious and are mostly with meh plot twists but Life Is Strange is the best time traveling game I've ever seen.I reccomend everyone to play this if you wanna have a good time and please try to avoid spoilers, it ruins the whole experiance :)"
,Recommended,319630,22361116,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),Masterpiece. I currently recommend this over any other game in my steam library.
,Recommended,319630,24441470,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Alexander Pistoletov,This game is like Donnie Darko x The Butterfly Effect x The Joy of Painting x Persona 4 with lesbians.ＨＥＬＬＡ / 10P.S.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=746094469It's also a neat game for screenshotting :^)Square Enix sucks lol
,Recommended,319630,27236437,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MiCi 💜,"One of the greatest narrative games I've ever experienced. Certainly the most emotional. Great characters, writing, world, and above all else, soundtrack. The game has a tender but inspired ""vibe"" that makes the whole journey feel like a giant nostalgia trip you can't help but fall in love with."
,Recommended,319630,14954663,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"I can only recommend this based on what is available which is episode 1 and 2.  Usually I'd suggest to wait to review an episodic game before it is released, but I was extremely impressed by this.  As it goes through the rest of the episodes, I will edit this.You are Max, a girl with a passion for photography who has returned to her home town Arcadia to go to a private school that only accepts seniors.  There are posters everywhere of a missing girl named Rachel Amber.  Very early on in the game, you discover something strange about yourself: you can reverse time.  This has a pretty important role as you can imagine.  Not long after you discover this power, you use it to save the life of your old best friend Chloe who you havn't seen or spoken to for 5 years, until now.  As you two get reacquainted you discover that Chloe was close to Rachel, and now you both want to find out what happened to her.  As things go on, it becomes clear that whatever happened is extremely complex.  Lots of people are involved, lots of things going on, and everything seems to be connected.  They are weaving this story together in an amazing way.  You'll have to deal with some pretty heavy stuff.<3 Max and ChloeAs you go, you will make all kinds of decisions that will have an impact on the story, and what people think of you, as you progress.  And if right after you make a decision you decide to change your mind?  Reverse time and change it.  It gives you some control over the course of events like that.  However typically the choices you make are difficult ones.  There is almost never a clearly obvious right thing to choose, and I think that's good.  However some decisions can be quite odd too.  All of them really make you want to know what happens next though.I did encounter a few bugs.  A couple of times during conversation with other characters, people would stop moving their mouths while talking, or freeze completely, and once or twice I had to restart the game.  Overall though, nothing terrible.The characters are interesting, the story hooks you in and makes you want more and is woven together expertly, the art style is pretty (like a painting), and the music is great.  I think we're in for a really great (and very emotional, possibly even disturbing if it isn't already on some levels) storyline.  I definitely feel tension rising in the storyline.  Things are escalating and building and it's getting pretty crazy.Life is strange, indeed."
76561198041495119,Recommended,319630,29800612,Posted: 9 February,all,Starletka,"I wouldn't go as far as calling it a game. An interactive movie is more accurate. Either way it has a rich, emotional story, complex (female!!!) characters, great graphics, amazing soundtrack, and loads of morally hard choices. Be prepared to shed some tears."
76561198079335824,Recommended,319630,14587333,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"Life Is Strange is about an 18 year old female called Max. Max is on a  journey to become a photographer, and on her journey she encounters situations, that needs her intervention to change the out comes, you get the option to rewind to change the out comes and try to make things right. The game will guide you and let you know when your at a scene or you can miss some scenarios, which I have done, and I also have missed my photo shoots for some achievements, so replaying to get them will be nessasary as i have found, i do not mind doing this as  the graphics are lovely and a pleasure to see, so remember to explore in the game.This game is not a game to play around young children as it has very bad language, slag and drugs in it, so i would recommended playing this game when they are a sleep or at school or just away for the time being. But the lovely screenshots would be fine to share with your children no problem there.Also remember your Playing as a female character, not a male character so dont let that discourage you in anyway, I play games that have male characters and that is never a problem for me.I was not going to write a short review for this game given its not complete, but for the lovely graphics and the screen shots I had taken, sorry about the spoilers, I felt I must share my thoughts about the game. I have so far enjoyed this game and so look forward to getting the rest of the chapters as they are completed and released, as i purchased the full unfinished game, and i feel that was a better deal, than to purchase them individually.I feel the team at Square Enix, are doing a lovely job bringing this game as close to life as they have, and i hope they dont give up and so finish the game, to make the story complete. I now must wait for chapter 2 which I look forward to, as now things are starting to heat up, and so its left to be continued, I will wait patiently for chapter 2 :)So I guess Life Is Strange O-O"
76561198056226097,Recommended,319630,19273975,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aiyuni,Better than Stein's Gate.
,Recommended,319630,25079882,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Fherrera,It is your destiny to play this game someday soon.someone will rewind time and make it happen so.
,Recommended,319630,30317429,Posted: 4 March,all,155Degrees,"The Story. The Drama. Wow.Life is Strangeis such awonderful experience.The story is simply astonishing, it was one of those games where you start playing and get so into the game's environment, that you can only stop playing it when you finish it. I mean, since the very beggining of it you can guess what a great game it is. Thedramais widely present, it makes the game so good.As you may know, you havechoices, decisions that matter in the course of the history. If you are spoiler free and never heard nothing about this game is about, just give ir a try - episode one is free.It would simply make a wonderful TV series or movie. But i'm glad it is a game.I would also like to refer thesoundtrack, it really gets you in the atmosphere of the game.10/10 Soundtrack.Square Enix, Job very well done here. One of the best experiences I've ever had in gaming.OVERALL 9.5/10Bring season 2!"
,Recommended,319630,17741305,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ironsufex,"Possibly one of the most amazing and well written games I have ever played! Don't listen to IGN, this game is up there with the walking dead in my book. If you are looking for an enthralling and very well written emotional game, this is the game for you!This game can only be experienced once, and is one of the best experiences I have ever had! I have just finished episode 5 and it has left me in overwhelming grief but brings to thought the fact that it’s over and I (And many other people) will never get such a eccentric and intensel emotional adventure again.The building of character profiles creates an almost personal family like bond between you and the main personalities in life is strange, And when this bond is broken throughout the experience, well I’ll let you decide for that!All this complemented by an outstanding handpicked and tailored indie-Rock soundtrack that only boosts the concoction of emotions that arise from this extraordinary artistic piece. If life is strange was an art piece it would be priceless.This game is truly unique and will leave you in tears (As with me). Finishing this game has left a hole in my heart, one that can never be fully repaired. I want the memory of this experience to exist forever, anybody who is contemplating buying life is strange, Stop thinking and click that purchase button, it is the best decision you will ever make. Trust me!"
,Recommended,319630,25089519,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mana🐣,Long Live The Chloe.
,Recommended,319630,14263003,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ShawnX,Best 5€ i've ever spent.Can't wait for episode 2
,Recommended,319630,19268436,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,𝔴𝔞𝔫𝔥𝔢𝔡𝔞,"The game is like art and the fact that she goes to photography school, I'm so jealous and I did feel like this game was made for me since I wish that was me! But what I'm dissapointed about is that you make all those choices in the game and you are hoping it will make an impact but it kinda didn't in the end. So yes I'm extremely dissapointed in the ending however I can't stop loving it. Because like I said it is a piece of art and you definitely should try it. The story will capture you in a heartbeat, you will end up loving the characters and the mystery. I could probably keep writing about why I love this game but I won't because then I would never stop. Play it right now!"
,Recommended,319630,14550882,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,chukhanin,"Gorgeous sound, visual design, and narrative. Pacing seems quite nice, too.Took me about 3 hours to finish Episode 1—it's not short by any means—and I absolutely enjoyed every single minute of it."
,Recommended,319630,29647175,Posted: 2 February,all,SourceM7,Thats one true thing...That the life is strange .
,Recommended,319630,14307178,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Xander,"A Great Game.Competing with The Walking Dead game by Telltale Games™, this is a masterpiece.Pros:- Cheap- Great Storyline and Idea- Great Characters- Nearly anyone can play it: No Expensive Computer Needed- Cartoon-Like Graphics- Lets you play YOUR Way.Cons:- Slightly Disappointing Time Played (Takes Approx 1-2 hours to complete Episode 1).All up: this game is a great game, and it definately worth buying.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,31161661,Posted: 15 April,all,JACK_,Its the only game that made me cry. And i have a cold heart.  10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,319630,24441073,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Narukoopa,"Release30th January 2015 (First Episode)Genre(s)Choice-based, Story richDeveloperDONTNOD EntertainmentPublisherSquare EnixMode(s)Single-playerTL:DRProbably the best choice based game I've ever played. The characters are interesting, and the writing is superb, giving you a whole mix of emotions throughout every episode. Worth every penny!Now for the full review...Life is Strange is an episodic game that focuses on you making decissions that can affect the game later on. What makes Life is Strange so special, is your character's ability to control time, and being able to change what happened in the past. You play as an 18 year old girl named Maxine Caulfield, who has recently started attending Blackwell Academy in a town called Arcadia Bay, where she grew up. She is also a lover of photography, and throughout the game you are able to pictures of certain things, giving you an achievement for each one.At the beginning of the game you witness a vision of the future of Arcadia Bay being wiped out by a tornado. You wake up to find yourself in class. Not long after this you discover your ability to control time, as you save your best friend, Chloe, which you haven't seen in five years from being shot. The game then points you towards a missing person named Rachel Amber, which was friends with Chloe during the 5 years of Max being away. You team up with Chloe, using your powers, to find Rachel Amber.The gameplay is a lot similar to TellTale games. There are instances where you control your character, but most of the game is in cutscenes and decission making. There are times where you rely on your ability to control time. For example, there are instances where you may have to rewind time to stop something bad from happening, or maybe you made a choice that you regret making, and want to do/say something else instead, giving you the chance to explore the different respones.You will very likely bond with the characters on the first episode. Each one has an interesting back story, and a unique personality. A lot of your decissions you make can affect these characters, and how they feel about you, making decission making quite tough at times. These characters, along with the script, make a powerful impact on you.If you've looked through the screenshots, you will see that this game has a very cartoonish look to it. Looking through some of the reviews, there are people that think the graphics could've been better or they are ""outdated"". In my opinion, it never really bothered me that much. I do look at some bits and think it could've used a bit more detail, but it hardly comes to the point where it bothers me. One thing that did bother me was lip syncronization. I didn't notice it all the time, but when I did, I was kinda disappointed that it couldn't of been done better.Another thing that made this game an amazing experience was it's soundtrack. It was always perfectly fitting with the scenes, and made an amazing ending to each episode. Not to mention how it makes it immensely atmospheric and immersive.Life is strange has easily made it's way to become on of the best games I've ever played! Each episode made me want to find out, whats next. Voice acting is spot on, story is great, the writing is amazing, characters are interesting, soundtrack is beautiful.... The list goes on. With episode 1 becoming free to download, I would highly recommend trying it! Life is Strange has been an amazing experience for me, one that I shall not ever forget. Worth every penny!Pros- Rich story- Superb script- Interesting characters- Beautiful soundtrack- Atmospheric- Good voice actingCons- Some textures could use a tiny bit more detail- Lip syncronization could've been betterhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/319630/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpRhaXfvG_0If you liked this review, be sure to give it a like! I'm still learning. :)Also be sure to follow my curator page here-http://steamcommunity.com/groups/narukoopasreviews#curationAnd be sure to follow TeamTomReviews for more reviews like this! -https://steamcommunity.com/groups/TeamTomsReviews#Thanks for Reading!"
,Recommended,319630,26220463,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GamingAsArt,"A beautiful story, packaged in a Telltale-like adventure game filled with decisions and emotional moments."
,Recommended,319630,14416579,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,「DR」,"[Episode 1 Impression]First off: I'm the kind of gamer the media tries to smear as ""old 'gamer' 'gamers are dead' "".Fast-paced FPS games like Unreal Tournament are my main deal, so are survival-horror games & Action-Adventures (Tomb Raider).These people would expect me to hate this game, but guess what? I am absolutely all over it.At first look I thought I would hate it, ""oh no, not another Gone Home"" I said to myself. How wrong I have been.This is on par, if not even better, with the recent Telltale Adventure Games.It is incredibly well written narrative experience (some would call it Visual Novel) and offers a fitting style of adventure-esque gameplay to the plot. It fully allows you to chose what pace you want to play the game in. Look at everything, or just go to the next goal.I had to look at everything because as a young adult right now you feel blasted right back into you late schoolyears.It has an incredible diverse cast of characters, without forcing a social-justice narrative down your throat (cough cough Gone Home), a thing I was incredibly please by.The soundtrack is amazing and fits the mood. I was really pleased picking this up and will definately get the rest of it.There is one thing I'd have to critizise though, that being the pretty stiff facial animations.I heard people say the voice-acting wouldn't be that good, I think it is pretty awesome, it is just held back by really stiff animations at some dialogues. But that's pretty much the only thing I found negative about this.tl;dr: This is a great narrative experience for fans of recent Telltale Games Adventure people who love stories that resolve around Teenage/Young Adult Drama."
,Recommended,319630,32088468,Posted: 31 May,all,rtgamer,"This game is a journey to the different world. Everyone should atleast try this game.Amazing Story, characters and environments. Everything is Awesome.I'll definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,319630,18593465,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CoolStory,"""Multiple endings depending on the choices you make.""Let me fix that for you:""TWO endings, depending on THE choice you make RIGHT BEFORE the end.""A shame it was such a good game until that moment, but they had to go full Mass Effect 3 on our asses."
76561198065289104,Recommended,319630,19463562,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Vanille,"Note: I have beat the game and all of the achievements.This game is amazing. It leaves you with feels for even the worst of the worst characters. It's the story of a girl trying to save the world. And in so doing, fu**ing everything up so that she has to keep trying to save it some more. The music and voice acting in the game were wonderful and the characters are unique and complex.As a female gamer, I love seeing a strong female lead, or I should perhaps say leads. There are times when I look at Chloe and Max and roll my eyes, but trust me, they do grow.This game has replayability because you can change your choices. After beating the game, I see several places where I might have done things different had I known the end. That in itself gives credit to the game --- As clever as I think I am, I didn't foresee the end.I hope they make a Life is Strange 2 or something similar, because this was a true joy to play.Warning:Stay off the Life is Strange Forums until you beat this (if you do plan on playing it). If you have a question, Google it. The forum is full of spoilers in the thread titles alone. I also saw a slight spoiler by reading a post in the news section that pops up in the game library."
,Recommended,319630,20811753,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Will Hunting,"I dearly wish I could rewind and play the game for my first time again.Throughout every single episode I grew closer to the protagonists Max and Chloe, and I got ""hella""  thoughtful about each choice I had to make.Starting with a more ""happy"" mood in the 1st Episode to the 5th and last Episode, made me realize one thing:Even if you could alter time, fate will come back and hit you harder.It's a magnificent masterpiece.Trip to Feeladelphia included."
,Recommended,319630,22456417,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lopeta,"It made me cry (Ep. 4 and 5 literally broke me), as no other VIDEOGAME made me cry before. So, go on, worth its price."
,Recommended,319630,21981247,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Necronaut,Hella amazeballs
76561197995324602,Recommended,319630,14273734,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Marcian The Clever,"Someone out there said ""The world needs a game with TellTale's interactive story-design, Gone Home's humanity and sincerity, and Majora's Mask's fantastical doom-ridden world.""I sincerely hope my purchase of this game goes to their drug money, because they were right.Buying the season pass."
,Recommended,319630,31838467,Posted: 19 May,all,Infected Horror,"[Previously Played on Xbox One and Playstation 4] [4K experience]The characters, the soundtrack, Arcadia Bay, The artstyle, The dark disturbing events, Dontnod's incredible push on real life issues us players maybe going through, difficult choices to make, the horrifying sound of the tornado, the idea that changing one tiny thing can make a huge difference further on, emotional moments that will leave this game on your mind hours after finishing..I will forever remember this game and the incredible community for Life Is Strange!♥  ♥ Thank you Dontnod Entertainment ♥  ♥"
76561198030686590,Not Recommended,319630,18580358,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Drake Ravenwolf,"Episodes 1-4 are great, fantastic even.Episode 5?  They will erase all your choices and consequences, making everything you did meaningless.If they release an Extended Endings DLC, like Bioware did for Mass Effect 3 they could turn everything around again.But as it stands Life is Strange is suffering the exact same fatal flaw that the unpatched version of Mass Effect 3 had.If you do buy this game, just stop playing when you get to the art gallery in Episode 5.  You can eplore the gallery, just do not look at your picture.  This is the last point at which you will have that warm fuzzy feeling like what you did mattered."
,Recommended,319630,20468126,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Birkin=BH=,"The game is very similar to the movie ""Butterfly Effect"", we learn that it is not worth the time to change the past, because you can spoil everything, so the game when making choices requires a very accurate reflection, you have to be aware of how the changes made in the past can influence the future, a lot of sadness, grief and regret the choices made caused me this game, you wanna end it again soon with more thoughtful choices, we strongly recommend"
,Recommended,319630,26009859,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Snips<<Tf2 anniversary hype,Steps to tears1. Got episode 1 for free2. Played it for some time.3. Called the game stupid4. Accidently bought the bundle5. Played all the episodes6. Forgot that i was crying.A must buy. One of the best games i have ever played. 10/10.
76561198155743250,Recommended,319630,16298662,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[YT] BunnyGirl,"I highly recommend playing this game, it's such an immersive experience. The soundtrack and the well written characters are what makes this game so special. 10/10 !"
,Recommended,319630,19986176,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cyberpunk,"This is going to be the hardest review as I am stunned after finishing this game... not realy sure what I just experienced.Kinda feels like it was life itself,With its beauty of true friendship, love and teenage innocence,With its unimaginable filth, tears and horrors nobody should ever live through,Testing how much we can sacrifice for someone at the very centre of our heart at the cost of others,While proving that no matter what choice we make and how logical the reasoing behind it is,We will always be in the wrong,Trying to walk but stumbling,Tangled in our destiny,Refusing to accept it.Life is strange.And yeah, somebody was cutting onions at least four times while I was playing this game.The proper review: story is great but it kicks off pretty broing and not until season 3 it got to the ""mind boggling"" stage. There are some stupid story missions like ""bring this, bring that, och and how could you forget to bring THAT?"" kind of stuff. Sometimes the story is filled with unncesessary blah blah blah lines that sound like a space filler to make a scene last longer. You do have a huge impact on the story though! The music is great as well!And I have no idea how much weed the creators had to smoke to come up with the ideas for the final episode."
,Recommended,319630,19430303,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Equinox💕,"I own a lot of games but none have touched me like this one.Once I started I couldn't stop. Story was so good, made me cry.This game made me cry a lot and the naration is really well done. Some of the characters are cute and it's such a well done game. Many different ways to change the story.I kind of want to live in the game.Do not pirate this game it's too good to steal."
,Recommended,319630,30854518,Posted: 31 March,all,CorvusCorax,"Background Is StrangeThis game was a must-have purchase for me following DONTNOD's previous title Remember Me. If I'm not mistaken the same engine is in use here with heavy changes in the art style. And, naturally, the story is completely different as it does not take place in the future and while sci-fi has an influence on it the game primarily focuses on the life of a teenager.Story Is StrangeMax Caufield is enrolled in the prestigious academy called Blackwell. In her primary focus is photography and while digital cameras run rampant already she still uses an instant print camera to take pictures. After class she notices a blue butterfly in the corner of the ladies' bathroom. While she goes there to capture the moment an altercation ensues between two students. Suddenly, a gun is pulled, a shot is fired and as she cries out time stops. Wow! Max has just found out of her ability to stop and rewind time!Game Mechanics Are StrangeSo, with all the bullying and drama a teenager normally goes through Max can live then relive these moments as her ability is to rewind time and make a different decision. What makes the game interesting is that you do not always have to use your ability. At key moments the game tells you the choice for you to rewind and pick a different dialogue option is available but you might like the 2nd option and its outcome much less.The butterfly at the beginning is a reference to the butterfly effect: greater forces are at play here and as Max keeps using her ability she starts having visions of an oncoming tornado that is clearly expected to destroy her home town. The plot mainly revolves around a missing student who was the best friend of Chloe, the girl Max reunites with at the beginning of our tale. Then of course you have the typical school archetypes here such as Nathan who is responsible for the worst bullying incidents at the school and as he comes from the prestigious Prescott family it is difficult to get rid of him for good.So, it is a tale of adolescents growing up, fighting for their rights, getting bullied, falling in love and pretty much everything else that comes with the age. This is a third-person adventure game with minimalistic puzzle solving and point-and-click options. My favourite parts were the conversations as sometimes when Max learns an important piece of info you can rewind and begin the discussion once more but with different dialogue options.The game excels at the achievement system: you have to carefully survey your environment and find out which items / events can Max take a photo of. The later you progress the more interesting scenes can be captured and even the angles here are getting more interesting. Often you have to act in time otherwise the moment is lost... Oh wait! You can always rewind! This also explains why there's no need to incorporate the quicksave option as rewinding can save you from a dangerous situation.Similarly to the Telltale games at the end of each episode our choices are shown with percentage values showing how the community fared. It is pure fun to see 0% at events that we did not notice they had happened and we could have intervened.Life Is - indeed - StrangeThis is a wonderful masterpiece with great character development and just the right amount of drama we are generally missing from video games. I understand the episodic format was chosen due to financial restrictions - this makes the game even better as it helps the narrative unfold."
,Recommended,319630,31229824,Posted: 18 April,all,Noxii,"This game was mindblowing, I can highly recommend this to anyone who loves games with a beautiful story rather than point and shoot games etc.To be honest I didn't really get sucked in to this game just by playing Episode 1, however I was bored at home one night with a bit of spare cash and decided to buy the rest of the Episodes cuz of what I had previously read here and my god I don't regret it one second.Episode 3 is what really got me hooked and I was supposed to make me some dinner 5 or 6 hours ago, now it's early in the morning here and I guess I just gotta make due with some cereal for tonight. All because I couldn't bring myself to quit the game after Episode 3, it has been such an emotional rollercoaster through the last episodes I can not even begin to describe it nor do I want to because I don't want to spoil anything for anyone else.Buy it, play it, experience it for yourself.Now I'm sitting here with the game finished feeling empty inside like I don't know what to do with the rest of my life now because I finished the game, I just want more more more more and more.This game is a solid 10/10.I just wish I could go back to Arcadia Bay and experience the whole thing afresh over and over again, wipe my mind and play it again."
,Recommended,319630,15541723,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Main batatinha feminista,"Max Caulfield is a student at Blackwell Academy, located in Arcadia Bay. There she learns a lot about her photography hobby. She thought she had a normal life, until some mysterious situations start to appear and YOU, my dear player, will solve them.Max has her own way of life. She's called a hipster by some girls which are always making fun of her. It's amazing the fact that you can rewind to change your decision, but it's not that easy: sometimes Max'll persuade you, like ""I shouldn't have done that"" or ""Why didn't I do that?""-The graphics aren't the best, but they're good;-The story is amazing;-The soundtrack is fantastic;-A nice environment to be explored."
,Recommended,319630,34155917,Posted: 10 August,all,Suky,"Do you like great, emotional stories that make you cry? Because this game will make you cry. A lot.I don't think a game (or anything really) ever hit me this hard. Even the next day the first thing when I woke up was the thought about the ending in this game.It's one thing when you're just watching your favourite movie/show and something bad happens to your favourite characters, but when you play a game where it's you behind that character's decisions it feels like you're the one whos going through all the problems instead of that character.I can't really think of when was the last time I ever experienced something like the story in this game."
76561198042864202,Recommended,319630,18055295,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Materia User,"I don't wanna recommend this. It's got great voice acting, great plot, and each chapter ended with me going ""What the hell?"" in a progressively louder voice.Some haters like to bash the graphics but those same people recommend 2d rpg maker games (I do too, but I don't bash the graphics) - I don't get it. I personally love the artstyle since nothing I've played really looks like it, and the game is so pretty that it throws you off from the dark things happening in this small town.The main character, Max actually has her own personality and history unlike so many main characters which have literally nothing going on inside them. I don't know why games and even tv shows do this - supposedly it's supposed to make you empathize more with the main character so you can picture yourself in their shoes, but I don't have that problem with a character that has an actual personality. So if that's the reason - it doesn't work and is not needed damn it.So why don't I want to recommend it? Because it's on sale and this game deserves full price. Hell this game deserves more than those 50 dollar games that simply repeat what has sold in the past and STILL get 5 star ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews.Also Chloe is one of my favorite fictional characters now.I suppose I should warn that the game still has one more episode to come, so I suppose it's possible that they botch the ending terribly, but even if that is the case the first 4 episodes are more than enough to have been worth the experience and the small amount of money they ask for of this series.For me this is the best game to come out in a LONG time. It will go into my top ten games of all time list personally."
76561198076847554,Recommended,319630,22523120,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Abhorsen,"This game... just finished and I'm trying to get my head around it... but I just can'tI can't explain how I'm feeling after playing this game. I'd compare it to when you finish reading an amazing book, or when you finish watching that movie that blows your mind everytime.PLAY THIS GAME, don't read about it anywhere, don't follow any guide, watch no videos, and lastly trust your choices. You'll have an amazing experience"
,Recommended,319630,31620521,Posted: 8 May,all,Moony,This game is a work of art (no pun intended).Max is the sweetest video game character I have seen in a very long time.I feel violated by the ending.10/10
,Recommended,319630,25829203,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Howlux,"This game gives you goosebumps.This game is one of those games that makes you keep thinking about yourself. At least for me I can take it out of my mind. Mostly because I was always trying to be myself while playing this game, so every choice I made was telling something about who I am. I don't know if this was something that was intended or not, but that is the beauty of this game.You will cry after finishing this story, because you don't want to say ""goodbye"" to this story.But I promise I'm back with this storyI miss you: Max and Chloe"
,Recommended,319630,14301862,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingOverall Rating: 9/10Gameplay Rating: 8/10Accessibility Rating: 9/10NotesOverall rating is a combination of the gameplay (mechanics and story) and accessibility (how the game includes deaf/hoh gamers).If you disagree with my take on the game or if something is factually incorrect, please leave a comment below!Ratings for this game at this time are through chapter 4 only.  Review will be updated when each new chapter comes out.  (28 July 2015)Game OverviewIn Life is Strange (LIS), you are Max, an 18-year-old senior at Blackwell Academy, a special seniors-only high school where talented students go to hone their skills in a creative outlet.Gameplay MechanicsThe mechanics of LIS are not difficult.  The camera and movement controls are easy and generally do not interfere with gameplay.  It is occasionally difficult to properly center the mouse on an object, but this is rare.In general, it is mostly a WASD/point-and-click game with time to make choices and a low stress level.StorylineIn LIS, the game revolve around you making decisions, some easy and some not.  These decisions have immediate and long-term effects that you discover as the game goes on.  These types of games can be fun in that you can play out your own personality or try out something much different from what you would do - sort of testing the water for what it's like to be someone different.LIS plays out through a series of causal relationships - things happen that shape the rest of the game - and through Max's own thoughts and feelings about the events, captured in her inner monologue and in her journal, which is updated each time you go to a new 'section' of the game (i.e. crossing to a new area that wipes your rewind ability).  Max's journal entries reflect the choices you make.In her journal, Max uses English puns more often than any other game I have played.  If you're like me and you don't get puns very often, be prepared. :)Each of the chapters take around three hours for a moderately in depth gameplay style.  I really enjoy the game, even if this is not my favorite game type.  It is VERY creative, often very beautiful, and it pulls you in to the characters through development and storyline progression.  At times, both the story and character feel a little two-dimensional, but it is handled well by key moments where they begin to shape up again into more believable people.Each chapter has improved in both the choices you have to make and the storyline.  LIS feels as though it is building to something epic.Gameplay RatingLife is Strange is rated 8/10 for gameplay.  The story is fantastic and the effects of the decisions provide a high replay value.Accessibility OverviewGame OptionsOptions are available before starting a new game for audio, video, or control changes as required.Deaf/HOHThis game is fully playable for Deaf/HOH gamers!Pros:+ Subtitles are on by default+ Subtitles cover all speech in game.Cons:- No variation in subtitles for speakers (names, color scheme)- No variation in subtitles for Max's speech vs thoughtsNotes:Subtitles are stylized rather than typeset, but very easy to read white on black.MobilityThis game is fully playable for gamers with mobility issues!Pros:+ All keys can be rebound+ Keys have primary and alternate binds for left/right dominant handsCons:None!Notes:None!Accessibility RatingLife is Strange is rated 9/10 for accessibility.  The only improvements are in subtitle indicators for speaker and captions for background noises.  The game is highly playable for all gamers.---Visit Games Reviews for the Deaf/HoHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamereviewsforthedeaf"
76561198014781962,Recommended,319630,23498482,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Woofling Howl,Truly one of the few games done right made me cry multiple times i love this game so much and a fantastic soundtrack aswell perfect!
,Recommended,319630,28278497,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"i find it hard to put myself in to the characters position that makes it hard to play the game and feel it.But apart from that it is a gread gameGood Graphic, very interactive sourroundings, a great concept with adding the ""Butterfly touch""."
,Recommended,319630,18958474,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SN@KE,"I wanted to play something that excludes shooting, actions, etc. So i've chosen this game.I haven't played something like that in a while. That was something!Amazing story, great picture (despite game budget), beautiful soundtrack (especially vocal songs) and interesting characters.I really wish i could rewind the time and play it again! Chloe and Max have become one of my favorite game characters!For me, it might be the best game of 2015!"
,Recommended,319630,33418466,Posted: 9 July,all,Sydch,"I might be little bit late - just a little bit - to write my opinions about this game. Yeah, i'll review all 5 episodes, not gonna do that serperately. So, obviously, this review may contain some spoilers. I'll try my best to not spoil major events, avoid to talk about story. If we agreed on these terms, let's talk about bidness.Before We StartStorytelling games wasn't so popular on last generation 'till David Cage made Heavy Rain. After that, some game companies like Telltale Games, especially Telltale Games, carry this genre even further. Want to mention, this genre is one of my favorites. It's chill, simple and beatiful. I loved first two seasons of The Walking Dead, I can die for Wolf Among Us, which is based of one of my all-time favorite comic book series Fables, I admire things they do for Minecraft but I've skipped that, they did awesome Job with Batman: Telltale Series etc. etc. I really like those guys and their games. I'll going to compare their work with Life is Strange for trying to explain how this game works.GameplayFirst of all, Life is Strange's gameplay is way, oh man, way better than every single storytelling game I've ever played. Instead of dynamic camera that can give you cancer, this game works like an action-game, which means your camera locked on your character whole time. You might be opposite of this opinion, but dynamic camera doesn't give me cinematic experience. It's not works, and telltale should stop using that.It's not about just camera. This game has lots of interactables, like I conviced one of my friends to play this and he want to touch every single interactable that game can offer, we exactly finished episode 1 like in 5-6 hours. This is definetly plus thing, game's world is full of things you need to explore. If we compare usual Telltale game with this, you'll understand what I'm saying. This game is not so linear, you can take different paths to change something. Well, choices affects gameplay after all, and they actually do. You can expect something like lots of endings, but there is only 2 major ones, choices you do only affects story proggression itself. But they are not minor.Our main character, Max Caulfield, have a unique special ability that she can rewind time. I'm a big time of space-time manipulation since my childhood, and this element makes game so much fun for me. You can't use it everytime, it's not that free, but most of the time, it's ready to serve you. You can change dialogs and events for your own benefit, and that's hella satisfying.Story and CharactersStory is directly about Arcadia Bay, which is Max came back for her Academy. A big storm is coming and only one who actually knows about it is us. While trying to understand what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening, Max discovers his supernatural powers while saving her childhood friend.While it's about storm, you can actually experience lots of other stories, like how Prescott Family owns this ♥♥♥♥ing town and trying to milk everything they got, what happens Rachel Amber, a youth girl who disappeared, Max's own life-choices and her ex-best friend Chloe's adventures. There is more, but I'll stay silent because don't want to ruin your experience.Characters may be seem like they got out from Tumblr or something like that at first place, but if you gave them a shot, almost every single character is insteresting. While you processing throught story, you'll realise not everyone is how they looks, everyone has secrets, bad people are not actually bad and good people are actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. You will especially change your perspective on Episode 4, which is have it's own multiverse.Last WordsI don't usually recommend something 100%, but I'll this time. This is an experience that should everyone needs to taste. Don't forget to bring some napkins, because you'll probably cry."
,Recommended,319630,32869546,Posted: 27 June,all,Aegon VI Targaryen,This game is a masterpiece.Great game with great story!
,Recommended,319630,15225203,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,AuspexAO,"Let's just start with this: If you want to play a game that blends Twin Peaks, The Butterfly Effect, and My So Called Life. Then stop reading this review and just buy this game.Life is Strange is not finished at the time I'm writing this review, but I wouldn't recommend waiting for the full game. Sure, it could all go straight to hell, but right now you're going to want to experience the mystery at a slow boil like you would a good season of TV. The first chapter sets up Max, a girl who has figuratively ""rewound time"" to end up back at her small hometown to attend the prestigious Blackwell Academy. After a strange dream of doom she finds that she can *literally* rewind time and that's when, well, life starts to get strange.This game has an excellent story so far, full of characters that have some real depth to them and honestly leave me wondering who I can trust. Max herself is a fantastic and likeable protagonist who combines a sort of nerdy naivette with a charming knowledge of nerd culture which manages to make me laugh without becoming a barrage of memes. The dialogue is mostly good, but there are some moments where it pushes belief (like a character who uses the word ""hella"" waaay too much for 2013. That shouldn't stop you from enjoying the game, though. In fact, it's kind of part of its weird small town charm.Don't worry about this game being just another novel in game form, either. I have made some choices that had a real impact, including a moment at the end of the second game that had me cursing myself for my own bad decisions. I heartily recommend this game to anyone who loves sci-fi that has a firm foundation in the human element."
,Recommended,319630,24959890,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Aztek,Like someone said: 'The gun must have missed Chloe and instead hit me right in the feels.﻿'
76561198014107262,Recommended,319630,14268336,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,(one-eyed)Charles the Panda,Incredible. Hooked on this game. Even the smallest thing such as watering your plant can affect the future. So much fun. I need the next episode now!
,Recommended,319630,21738091,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ᛝ MasterWicha ᛝ,"Damn I love this game! Wow... didn't expect it to be this good. I mean I heard it's awesome but not this awesome.I won't write much here as it's a bit late to review Life is Strange so I'll just keep it short.Everything about this game is great.-Great story and writing-Great art style-Awesome characters-Very fitting soundtrack-Dem feels...-and in general great game with a soulI give it personal 10/10Hell, I'll definitely recommend this game, play it! Now!"
,Recommended,319630,22656232,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Caboose (NA Ping EU Skill)],Now here's something StrangeA game that's off the normal rangeYour life might even changeAfter you play life is strange
,Recommended,319630,17280006,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Asmagnar,Best story game I've ever played. Could easily run for game of the year.
,Recommended,319630,32783899,Posted: 25 June,all,PanthaeREKT #hiatus,"IM HAVING A ♥♥♥♥ING MASSIVE CRUSH WITH A VIDEO GAME CHARACTER, PLS SEND HELP"
76561198042081391,Recommended,319630,33225014,Posted: 4 July,all,Alphadroide,"I have to admit that when I started to play this game I didn't expect much. But already after a few minutes I recognized that I was wrong. Game design, character design, characteristics of the protagonists, soundtrack and the story are amazing in this game. Especially the story and the relationships between the different characters is the thing that keeps you playing. During the game there will be so many dramatic changes and you can't stop playing.I really love this game and I am sure that if you like beautiful and interesting stories you will love this game too."
,Recommended,319630,33175757,Posted: 3 July,all,Chloe Price™,Probably best game and story ever! Thanks Dontnod for making game like this. Can't get over it...
,Recommended,319630,18618906,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,runewarden,"There's little to say, that hasn't already been said about Life is Strange.It is, for me, one of the best games I've played - not just this year, but in my lifetime of gaming. The visuals, the characters, the soundtrack, the choices - everything ties together beautifully, and painfully. I've a lot of love for this game, that it's unreal.Without repeating what many others have said - if you like adventure games, that are story rich, puzzle light, with characters who will stay with you long after you've completed it, with great voice acting and a great soundtrack - both ambient and where songs are used, then this is for you. The mechanics are quite unique and give a true thrill of what you are doing, and the ability to really make choices - if you don't like a choice, you can go back. Your choices aren't rushed, which in turn makes them more painful at times, but all the more worthy.It's a rollercoaster of a ride, there are some weak spots, but even with those - the beauty of the game, just being in the moments it provides makes up for slower progression, or clunky puzzles. I loved just being in this game, soaking up the atmosphere, which is something I've found in very few games.While I picked this up on sale - it is worth the full price, without any doubt. If you like the narrative focussed Tell Tale games of late (Walking Dead, etc) then, definitely buy this."
76561198148694071,Recommended,319630,28413266,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Gremlin Hibana,sad lesbian similator
,Recommended,319630,25984923,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Alcatraz,"Life Is Strangeis a beautiful game.Life Is Strangeis about the everyday situations that you will be able to recognize from your personal life, it is about the individual characters that you will be able to empathize with and their daily struggles. Rarely will something inLife Is Strangeembody pure good or pure evil, the decisions you will have to make along the way will not simply be black and white and their outcome will not always be evident right at the start.You may feel depressed and/or empty inside upon finishingLife Is Strange. While this sounds like a terrible thing at first, it in fact illustrates what a beautiful and emotional masterpiece this game really is. The journey inLife Is Strangedelivers powerful messages, capable of broadening your horizons in a way that not much media can."
,Recommended,319630,22318118,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hurdygurdy11,"This game...I don't even...Just imagine the best movie you'll ever watch and then picture yourself being the one steering the story forward.Forget the fact that there's a time travel element involved; everything else is so real, the emotions so tangible that I had to do a double take at several points in the game. Especially the end of episode two!This game is just exquisite, one of a kind. The graphics, Arcdadia Bay is brought to life by tiny little details that other games would never bother about. The music has got to the best in a long tme.I don't know what else to say other than to urge everybody to play it. Trust me, you will be a different person coming out of it."
,Recommended,319630,18622036,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BOOlander,"There is little I can say to truly describe how I felt while playing this game.It was a rollercoaster of emotions; a story that while amazingly interesting, still managed to feature actual consequence of choice, and yet also managed to be introspective and beautiful.It probably doesnt help that I just finished the 5th episode though so I'm a little emotional...and I'm a sucker for ambient alternative music, so they nailed the atmosphere and aesthetic setting....excuse me while I go cry to the soundtrack for the next two hours.Play this game.P.S. though I didnt really appreciate the way the last episode made it boil down to less choices than anticpated. stillagoodgamethough."
,Not Recommended,319630,32590211,Posted: 20 June,all,kaeneuksi,"I want to preface this by stating that I am most likely not the intended audience for this type of game. I'm overly cynical when it comes to stories and drama, which is why this game was so hard for me to get through. I do, however, adore interactive story games, as long as the mechanics are good and the story is well written.I'll start off with pros:-Pretty game-Easy controls (most definitely best with a controller)-Good gameplay mechanics (EXCEPT for the 'hide and seek' part at the end- completely needless imo).-Interesting concept (though it's been done before)-Decent lengthNow to the cons:-This game reads like it was written by 40 yr old people who have no idea how kids talk now-a-days. The dialogue is stilted and cringey and all over the place. It really took me out of the game and I often found myself mocking the characters.-Speaking of characters: inside this game you will find every highschool cliche you can possibly imagine - taken to the extreme. The anarchist. The do gooder. The religious virgin girl. The preppy ♥♥♥♥♥. The crazy rich white kid who has more problems than you can count. The abusive father and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ parents, etc. It got kind of exhausting to witness because the personality tropes were so extreme they became laughable.-The story is crap. Granted, the idea is very interesting and I can understand where the devs were coming from. That being said, it was highly predictable, very poorly written, full of plotholes and weird inconsistencies, etc. Like I said, I absolutely adore story-based games and I read constantly, so I guess I'm a bit too much of a critic when it comes to these types of games. If you're selling a story game, the story needs to be good. This story read like a bad fanfiction in the Twlight/50 Shades of Grey vein.-The two main characters are entirely unlikeable. Chloe is a total ♥♥♥♥♥ who blames everyone else for her problems, is exceptionally selfish, and constantly puts herself in bad situations for Max to bail her out of. I couldn't stand the scenes with her. Max, on the other hand, is just an idiot. A well-meaning idiot, but an idiot all the same. Someone who is content to have a toxic best friend who adds nothing to the relationship. He inner dialogue too, btw, are some of the dumbest lines I've ever seen. So many 'geek' references are thrown around willy-nilly just to continuously remind us that Max is a geek, which she does absolutely -nothing- to back this idea up. Kate Marsh was the only believable character in this entire game and the only one I actually found myself attached to. She was the only reason I even completed the game in the first place, even though her storyline was cliche and predictable as well (but at least your choices mattered in it!)-Your choices don't ultimately matter. They make a couple of things go differently, just to give the illusion of choice, but in the end you're faced with a generic 'Do this or do that' dual ending.I could go on and on and on. Look, I understand the message the story is trying to convey. It's a great idea. It would normally work, if not for the shoddy inconsistencies, poor dialogue, and other cliches that drag it down. It's like someone took an episode of Degrassi, slapped time powers into it, and called it a day.Again, I guess I'm not the target audience for this sort of story. I like deep, thought provoking, rich storylines, and this is nothing at all like that. I don't understand the hype and I never will. In my opinion, this game would best appeal to teenagers or people who still enjoy Hallmark movies/teen dramas."
,Recommended,319630,35018324,Posted: 17 September,all,Br3akn3ck,"I'd heard about this game since a few weeks after Episode 1 came out way back in 2015, at the time, I didn't decide to pick it up because I didn't think it was the game for me. It didn't appeal to me at the time. 2 years later, only a short while after Before the Storm was released, I decided to see what this game was about. I had always known that this game was considered by most to be one of the best of its kind and in some peoples opinion, one of the best of all time. Now that I've played through all 5 episodes I must say, I can see why this game has been praised for what it is. I enjoyed almost everything about this game. It was probably the first ""Choices Matter"" game that I've played where the choices really feel that way.This game was an emotional rollercoaster which actually had me tearing up in the end. I came into the game expecting it to be good, maybe even great, it exceeded all my expectations. The story was so rich and enjoyable I almost didn't want it to end, very rarely do I think that about games. The soundtrack was beatiful and really added to the games atmosphere and the emotional output it conveyed. The characters felt real (to an extent) and lovable, most of them, if not all were three-dimensional meaning there were no characters you really were bored of or didn't care for. If anything was wrong with this game it would be perhaps some of the more overdramatic moments but even they felt believable.The point I'm trying to make is that this in my opinion is one of the best games I have ever played, I don't know if I can say top 10, but definitely in that area. This game won't be for everyone and that's alright, people are allowed to have their own opinion, but I emplore you to try this game, it's cheap and even more so on sales. If you don't play Life is Strange, there is a good chance that you will have missed out on something you might never experience in a game ever.I am also eager to see what they do with the Second season which they recently announced.Well, that's my experience with Life is Strange. Now to play Before the Storm."
,Not Recommended,319630,18607277,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,TheMaskedFox,"This is a frustrating review to write (and not just because Steam binds a common text editing key sequence to ""Back"", causing me to lose my first draft of this review.  Hate you, Valve.)The first four episodes of this game are rich in story and possibilities.  The mix of crime drama and supernatural mystery is compelling.  Along the way, the player has to make some tough decisions with the knowledge that consquences will ripple through the remainder of the story.  Gray areas in morality must be navigated with care, a point episode three drives home with great impact in its climax.  Even with episode 4's questionable choice of direction toward the end, I still found myself invested in the story and the lives of its characters.  I was giddy when episode 5 was released.Then I played episode 5... and the entire story fell apart.  The final episode starts by spending way too much time featuring the lead character in a deplorable situation, mostly so that an antagonist can monologue... and monologue... and monologue... in an absolutely cliche ""Here's what I did and here's how I'll get away with it"" manner.  The story only goes more off the rails once the crime drama portion is resolved.  (Well... not resolved.  Concluded, at least.)At this point, the game begins to broadcast its ending from miles away.  It's impossible not to see the final choice coming.  When it arrives, it's delivered so painfully black and white that it makes all that gray area navigation throughout the prior episodes pointless.  There is no choice that leads to a satisfying ending, mainly because none of the endings resolve any of the story's biggest questions.  This final choice is the difference between receiving cheap emotional manipulation or receiving a pointless, lazily tacked on finale.  I can't even be nice and say that it leaves more questions than answers, because the questions at that point are just plot holes.  It's clear there was never any intent to resolve them.  At best, they were just strewn about to throw players off the path, but that may be giving the writers too much credit.Given that this game was hyped on the importance of player decisions and the array of consequences that can result, it's a big failing that I'm left with zero desire to replay this game with different choices.  Doing so won't offer any new insights or answer any unanswered questions."
76561198294310950,Not Recommended,319630,26310459,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,freakytarsier,"I've bought this game because reviews were overwhelmingly enthusiastic. I've tried to love it and be a part of all the ""hype"", but unfortunatly i couldn't. Iv'e played through the first episode, and the characters were extreamly stereotypical, the dialog was cheesy, the protagonist's inner dialog and commentary were cringy and not believable. This game purports to be ""mature"", yet it feels more like a bunch of old people creating a parody about what they precive as the expeirnce of ""being a teenager"", causing the player to lose immersion.However, i realize i'm a minority here with my negative opinion, and my experience is partial due to only playing through the first episode, and the first episode is free anyway, so go ahead and give it a try :)"
,Recommended,319630,21056466,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Wicked,"When I saw Square Enix have fingers in this I knew its goodDamn where to startpros+great game, story rich+graphic is awesome+choose your actions wisely+one of best soundtrack I heard in game+Life simulator, run away from reality in other kind of reality+you wanna play the game but you dont wannna end itcons- I was sad seeing only 5 episodes- I still hope for moreLooking in overallthis is one my 5 games must-have20 euros for 5 episodes is cheap, game is worth much much moreA BIG THANKS TO DONTNOD ENTERTAINMENT AND OF COURSE SQUARE ENIX  FOR GIVING THIS GAME AND PLEASE MAKE SOME MORE"
,Recommended,319630,28080155,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,IvanLeTerrible,"Simply one of the best games Ive ever played in my life. A priceless experience.StoryIt all starts out pretty generic with you being Max Caulfield, the random nerdy loser school arts girl, when, suddenly, you realize you have the power to manipulate time. The story goes one and you get involved with the various characters that inhabit the games universe, each one with his/her unique personality. You end up making friends and enemies and traveling through various time possibilities as you try to do the best for the people you love, mainly your best friend, Chloe. The story unfolds a sinister plot that releates strange events of the city with some kind of psychopath, which totally changes the happy tone of the first chapters, turning the game in some kind of sinister thriller.GameplayThere not much to be said here: its a story telling game, you dont win or lose, not even die, everytime some terrible action is about to happen you can use your rewind time ability to try to fix thing up. The game is more of an interactive story with exploration elements.I give it 5.0/5.0, This game must be played, its timeless."
,Recommended,319630,29371943,Posted: 20 January,all,A-Mei-Zing,Life is Hipster is pretty good. If you can deal with cringy jokes and....well it's a game for Hipsters and I'm okay with that.Makes me feel young again. Reminds me of growing up and it captures that spirit really well.
,Recommended,319630,19414849,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,br4t,ALL ABOARD THE FEELS TRAINThis game is an absolute freakin masterpiece. People at Dontnod Entertainment have really outdone themselves with this one. This game makes you feel like you have total control over the storyline. 90% of your choice will have consequences and they will affect the story line a lot.Pros-Beautiful and meticulous storyline-Well selected and awesome soundtracks.-90% of choices have consequences. Consequences of the choices will reverberate throughout the gameplay.-Perfect Voice acting-Beautiful and vibrant  environments.-FEELS FEELS AND MORE FEELSCons-NoneI would highly recommend buying this if you just want to relax and enjoy an amazing story while controlling it with your choices.
,Recommended,319630,33858638,Posted: 28 July,all,3sSo. CSGO500 FLASHYFLASHY.COM,"Life is StrangeI can't believe this AWESOME game have end.There are no words to describe or recommend this game.Now this is best game, I've ever played in my life.What do you sacrifice for a loved one?EverythingThis game is very similar to our lives.You must play it.Hella, I love Chloe.^^I think, this game will be nostalgic for me.Life is Strange& this game will have consequences on me.♥♥♥"
,Recommended,319630,14314576,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Firebrace,great story line... Max is lovable... fascinating!!
,Recommended,319630,14705338,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,"Steven ""Carrot Bod"" Segal",If you like being a hipster teenage white girl this game is perfect for you. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it.
,Recommended,319630,31925179,Posted: 23 May,all,Isador,"Gotta thank you developers right away. This was awesome ride.I laughed. I cried. I did not know what was going on. I cared and fell in love with characters.This game is for everyone who loves a good story.This game will test your mind. How do you choose in this situation? Actions does matter. They have impact on your future walkthrough.This game is way longer than I expected and there are so many options. I was surprised! I even twice did not know how to solve a puzzle.At the end you'll want a friend like Chloe and Maxine.For me its 9,5/10. Also because of that soundtrack ;)"
76561198125004197,Recommended,319630,25280932,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PinAwayMafia,As soon as I open this game I'd love to stay on the main screen because the guitar and piano both tones make my brain peace in a certain point. I just stay a while to listen the tone and then I start playing. I'm addicted with the main screen. Bliss
76561198018882507,Recommended,319630,29099431,Posted: 7 January,all,Sebastian,"I play computer games for 30 years now, but this game is one of only a few who has a soul."
,Recommended,319630,21081935,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Madcoil,"There is no need to write a review for a game like this. There are no words for it, just feelings.You will love the characters.You will fall in-love with characters.You will hate the choices you have to make.You will feel a sense of pride over the choices you make.Every emotion will come throughout the playthrough so just, just buy it FFS!!!You won't regret it!Chloe is love, Chloe is life! <3The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"
,Recommended,319630,19401291,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,FckingHostile66 cs.money,"epicamente epico ! 10/10-historia incrivel-graficos bonitos-jogabilidade otima-historia fodelasticamente ♥♥♥♥!!!!-card drops-eu ja falei da historia?============================================Cara life is strange é um jogo extremamente bom!Mesmo não sendo cheio de tiros,tripas e tetas é um jogo que te prende a historia, cada decisão sua infuencia no game, sim cada misera decisão!O game te ensina muitas coisas, entre elas o valor de uma amizade !"
76561198124390109,Recommended,319630,25703879,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Metazoan,One of the most beutiful works of art I have ever experienced.Must Buy.Not many games that can compare to this.
,Recommended,319630,24294025,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cedar,"This was a fantastic game. I am not someone who intends to or will spend a huge amount of time listing out every single benefit or con that this game has. I will simply state that this game was not only climatic, but was truly a work of art. Give this game a try."
,Recommended,319630,18668909,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Farron™,LiS is the most phenomenal story-driven game i have ever played so far. 10/10 would play it again for the first time.Episode 1: Typical school drama...Episode 2: Damn bullies!Episode 3: What the heck?Episode 4: Feel train hits...Episode 5: I cried...P.S. I'm begging for a season 2...pretty please?
,Recommended,319630,24455148,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,.Frost.,"One of the most enthralling story games I have experienced! The twists and turns are real. Each decision you make decides your fate! The game is your typical point and click, read stuff and of course take photos! You are able to wind back time and reverse all events and start over, in certain sequences of the game. This can change the story outcome dramatically, depending on what path you take.A beautiful game, rich and diverse in many fronts. Graphics are movie like, with many cinematics taking place throughout the game. Sound and voice acting is real, something of movie quality. Then of course the whole story and plot is fantastic. It will surely open your eyes to what life is truely about.So my recommendation is you get your camera ready, start taking some cool photos, for when you need them. Because to rewind time, you'll be relying heavily on past events (especially late in the game) to carry on with your journey. Finally I will say, it has an ending that will test your humanity to the extreme.This game is not for everyone. Obviously those who like story based games will enjoy it the most, but if you are looking for a really fun and different experience, then I suggest you play this.Overall I give this 5 out of 5 Beers from me.Cheers,Frost"
,Recommended,319630,28829027,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cosMIC,"Strange game about teenage college life. It's kind of like Telltale adventures with even less interactions. Is more of interactive movie then a game. Most of the time you are watching in game cutscenes. Other time you just run around pressing Y and X on every trash you can find. Despite that I was intrigued by mysteri elements of the story and I wanted to know what happens next, or what would happen if I do this or that.Pros:- voice acting- story interesting enough to keep me playing (mysteri, drama, 90210)- likable characters- detective work in 4th episode- indie rock music- endings of the episodes- I cried once or twiceCons:- beginnings of the episodes (so boring, nothing exciting ever happens)- voice acting is sometimes over affected- facial animations and lip sync are terribad, especially in last episode- there is no game, just interactive movie- high school dramas- decisions means nothing: Spoiler alert: at the end you can undo everything you just did for past 10+ hours, invalidating your whole experienceFirst episode is free, so try that. If you like it, go for it, it gets only better. But it's not some holy grail kind of game that others tend to suggest.7/10 it's OK"
,Recommended,319630,19494435,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ordies,get it.
,Recommended,319630,14240824,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,positive mental attitude,kek/10memeslesbian♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 must buy would bang
,Recommended,319630,21186408,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kimiboshi,"Whenever a beloved series ends, I feel empty inside. A hole in my heart that I can never fill. Goodbye, Life is Strange. Thank you for such a wonderful experience﻿. I couldn't let her go, I will never be ..."
,Recommended,319630,23882304,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bosterm,"Beautiful, wonderful, devastating, heartwarming, heartbreaking, funny, delightful, tragic, sentimental, life-altering. Simply put, I have never felt stronger feelings from a video game before."
76561198089679680,Recommended,319630,14430091,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mist,"Muy buen juego, la verdad me encantó. Hacia bastante tiempo que estaba buscando este tipo de juegos y que fueran mas al estilo del Heavy Rain.El problema del primer episodio es que fue DEMASIADO CORTO. Y practicamente te contaban todo lo que pasaba en el capitulo en los gameplay que fueron pasando desde que anunciaron el juego. Habria estado bueno que hubieran buscado algo más con lo que dejar al usuario más pegado. Si esto persiste en el segundo capitulo, mas vale comprarlo más tarde entero. AUNQUE ESPERO QUE NO, porque seria una historia corta que no podrías disfrutar de nada.Los juegos cortos, aunque sean episodicos, son siempre un fracaso. ¿Por qué? Porque mantienen al usuario pegado por poco tiempo, y entre esperar a los otros capitulos que salgan, generalmente se rompe el estado de flow.Espero de corazon que en el segundo capitulo te dejen tan enganchado que sea tan dificil de olvidar o pasar por alto, sino seria una gran lastima que un titulo tan prometedor quede en la nada."
,Recommended,319630,22690180,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,dylan,"You can read other people's reviews instead of mine.You could watch Youtube videos or ""Let's Plays"" to make it quick.BUT: DO NOT watch people play the ending, but instead PLAY THIS GAME.I swear I didn't cry, there was just something in my eye.Being a man and, as such, usually being emotionally ""untouched"", this is a good thing. This is what I play games for.tl;dr: Instead of wasting 1500 hours and a lot of money in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, simply play Life Is Strange for 15 hours."
,Recommended,319630,18342278,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ushio,"Mommy, should i choose this or this ? -MeI don't know -Mom"
,Recommended,319630,14342106,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,♥ sarah is strange [HK],"Added on 22/1/2016Well, you can hate episode 5 (ikr), but there is no doubt that i will give the soundtrack full price of the game. Limited edition here we go.Reviewed on 23/5/201510/10. Favourite game.Reviewed on 06/02/2015A good game story rich. 8/10The controls can be better to be honest.It makes me feel a bit dizzy"
,Recommended,319630,19101820,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,McSpain,The Feels!Don't waste your time reading this! Buy it! Play it! Cry! Cry some more! Love it!The hight of modern storytelling in games and full of great and honest attention to detail.
,Recommended,319630,21108103,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ellie,"Truly an awesome game if you like the style. Gameplay is like The Walking Dead, with a scenario as confusing as Bioshock Infinite, and nice cool teenagers as protagonists.The whole game (5 episodes) is more than 10-12 hours long so it's a really good price-money ratio if you loved the genre.In other terms, if you played The Walking Dead series and likes it, this should be a game to try too ;).+ like for all these games, if you master English, do not put the subtitles in your -other- native language ;), it's was better this way.Anyway, a five star game for me, definitely among the 10 best I've ever played, 96% Positive Reviews, that doesn't lie here on Steam ;)."
,Recommended,319630,30488406,Posted: 13 March,all,Martin Schulz,"Just finished it, amazing game. Atmosphere, story, scenery, characters...definitely haven't played a game like this before"
,Recommended,319630,15066722,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,rox<3,"Wow.. After playing episode 2, just wow. Episode one dragged on a little in the beginning, but the new one actually made me click on write a review. This game is like that book you can't put down, like the series that you wish was just 5 minutes longer. Like the sound of gentle raindrops tapping on the window. Like time doesn't exist. Like the world doesn't exist. When I am in this game, everything else disappears. When I reluctantly click on exit game the silence is deafening. Sickening. Never have I experienced a lingering feeling like that after playing a game before. Best narrative game in my honest opinion. And I have them all.BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,319630,17410406,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Leted88™,"Well, I never though I would be writing a review again.After playing this game, it's just something about it. The art style, the basic background, and definitely the story line. I love this game for what it does, where choices actually do matter. No joke, your choices really do matter. While I have yet to play Episode 3 and 4 (Only up to Episode 4 was available at the time of writing this review), just from my experience in Episodes 1 and 2, basically drew me into the game. The game is really fun to play, with great plot development which kept me sitting here for quite a while. This is one of the games where I actually care about the characters, as they did such a great job with the character developent, and the basic plotline.Would I recommend this game?Yes, definitely, if you have the money to spend, and want a nice, and fun game (with some feels hidden here and there) this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,319630,14288253,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,This game beats TellTale's games. Just sayin
,Recommended,319630,28017165,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kanaev,"Donnie Darko x Twin Peaks x Butterfly EffectThere's so many things I hate about this game, yet it still was a great experience.For starters - Chloe. The whole plot depends on the player to like her, but... I don't. I despise her. She is the source of most problems in the plot and no matter how much you work 'against' her - she ain't going nowhere. She would just ♥♥♥♥♥ about how you let her down, but still remain the most major character in the story after the protagonist herself. But when the plot wasn't solely about Chloe - it was fantastic. It really had some touching moments with interesting and lovable characters. Even the most despisable ones had their redeeming moments.Also there's too much teenage wibe with memes and themes. Which is understandable, since it's a game about teenagers (kind of, despite them being 18 and higher), but it did make me cringe a lot during the first episode until I adapted.The artstyle in the game is great. It'll make it look good even some years past. Graphically wise there is a need of texture improvement, but most of the time artstyle covers it up. What really bugged me were shadows. I know UE can put out better ones, but developers decided not to bother. Which makes them look horrible at edges.What I liked the most about the game is location design. Especially personal rooms. Everything is just so filled with personality and detail. It's hard to look at TellTale games and their designs after that.The world is very lively. I enjoyed interacting with absolutely everything. And there's a lot of interactions.Decision wise... There are two endings, but it's clear that developers intended there to be only one. And choices don't matter at all for them - you'll still be able to choose either one. What's interesting are the little choices throughout the game did feel to make subtle difference. Not major, no. But the fact that they always were reflected in dialogue made them feel a bit more special. Overall I wouldn't call it an experience that I would like to replay for other choices, but as one singular story - I really enjoyed it. Even with my hate towards Chloe, which reduced my involvement factor significantly. I can see why people go crazy over this game if they liked Chloe.Gameplay wise... Do you remember DONTNOD previous game? ""Remember Me""? In it the only thing I found interesting were the memory remix segments. I really enjoyed them, but not everything else in the game. They took that great mechanic and made a whole game where it's used constantly. Pretty good. But, as a game it's still a walking simulator a la modern TellTale games.TL;DR: very good story (but not very decision diverse, don't go in it for choice and consequence), lovable characters, great artstyle. Enjoyable experience overall. I got it during 75% sale. It took me ~15 hours to complete. Money well spent."
,Recommended,319630,27074236,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tomak,"I nominated this game for the ""Whoooaaaaaaa, Dude!"" AwardYes, for me, the most awesome things about this game is how it BLOWS MY MIND.Two things; First, the concept of the game itself, which is about time manipulation, and the consequences of doing that. I believe time itself is already a heavy subject to talk about. When I played this game I was like asking a lot of ""How the ♥♥♥♥ did that happened?"". A lot of things that happened in this game is still not clear to me until now. I think most people can relate as well. But strangely it doesn't make this game bad. To think about those theories of why things happened in this game excites me. This is the first thing that blows my mind.Second mind blown came from the story at a certain point of the game. I'm not gonna spoil it here, because that was the time when I experience a real ""mind blown"" from playing a video game. I think I rarely get that kind of experience, so I don't like spoiling an awesome experience like that.So to close this review, I wrote this review in regards to the nomination for the Steam Awards. Overall, I enjoyed playing this game, the story, atmosphere, and the great soundtrack combination made it a memorable game. Definitely recommend this (I even promote it to one of my friend, and I rarely did that. She loves it though).My Score - 9/10""A mind blowing experience."""
76561198034080278,Recommended,319630,32889901,Posted: 27 June,all,vintage culture,"Mind blowing game.If you always make the wrong decisions in real life (like i do) this is the perfect game for you. you do something stupid, rewind and choose diferently. one of the best choose your destiny games ive played in a while, soundtrack, graphics..9/10."
,Recommended,319630,14295988,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"This review is for the entire season of Life Is Strange.Episode 1:Life is Strange is an episodic adventure game made by Dontnod studios from the same people that made Remember Me. In Life is Strange we play as Max. Max is a teenager at blackwater acedamy where she is studying photography but one day she witnesses a murder and finds out she can rewind time to a certain point to change the consequences. So how is Life Is Strange episode 1 ? This game is really good and Telltale has found its worthy rival. The game looks incredibly good and the soundtrack is very good as well. The game would be a mix of Gone Home and The walking dead and the story is very intriguing. The game still has 4 episodes to go and i cant wait to see how this thing wraps up. There are a few problems i find with this game. I dont like that you can rewind time to choose a diffrent option for a major choice. It kinda makes me feel that the choices i made were meaningless and if i didnt like em i could just rewind and choose a diffrent option. Overall Life Is Strange is a fantastic adventure and without a  doubt if you like adventure games where youre choices matter get this game straight away. I give Life Is Strange Episode 1 a 8/10Episode 2:This is where the story picks up. We understand how to control our powers and we try to use them for good but we start to find weird stuff happening around us. The first episode was a slow start just to establish the characters episode 2 is where the story picks up and gives us more tougher choices to make. I don't want to spoil what's gonna happen so i'll just say if you haven't bought this game, go do it now cause episode 2 is amazing. I give Episode 2 a 9/10Episode 3:Wow. I am really impressed how every episode gets better. This episode is about more puzzle solving and I can't say I don't like it. Simply put it episode 3 is the best episode so far. The story in this episode is really well written. The story picks up as soon as episode 2 ends and we are tasked to find out who is behind the disappearance of Rachael. There is something wrong with this episode which I don't like. I found a lot of bugs like Max not picking up certain items and the rewind ability not stopping when i try to stop it. Overall if you haven't checked out Life Is Strange you need to do that straight away. I give Episode 3 a 9.5/10Episode 4:I'm literally speechless. Episode 4 is a nail bitter from start to finish. The wait was worth it and without a doubt Episode 4 is by far the best episode (notice a pattern yet ?). Ep 4 begins straight away after episode 3. Max is tasked to put every clue together to find out what happened to Rachael and Kate. I really can't go into detail about this cause I will ruin the entire plot. The story this time doesn't take any breaks. Everything wrong that could happen does happen and also this episode has a very shocking ending. The previous episode had a lot of puzzle solving but this one has even more. You have to think a lot and put together a lot of clues like a detective. This episode by far is fantastic and without a doubt I can't wait to see how the entire story wraps up. I will say episode 4 is perfect every possible. This game is a must own. I give Episode 4 Dark Room a 9.5/10Episode 5:After finishing the final episode of Life Is Strange I felt a bitter sweet feeling. I knew I did what needed to be done, but it also felt like what I did was wrong. When the ending scene started playing, I noticed how my heart started sinking and I knew that this one experience I will never forget.Episode 5 is a no stop shop. All you did in the previous episodes comes back to haunt you in every way possible. It makes you feel that the choices you made were wrong and everything that went wrong was your fault.The ending at one glance is a very disappointing finisher, because it makes you feel that everything you did in the previous episodes didn't matter in the end, but trust me this isn't the case.Life Is Strange is one experience I can't recommend enough. This game is a must play for everyone. The heartbreaking story is absolutely amazing. This game should be considered for a GOTY award.This journey was incredible and I loved every waking moment. Without a doubt one of the best games I have played to date.Episode 5 gets a 9.5/10Final Rating for Season 1:9.5/10 - A must ownWithout a doubt a game for the ages and I can't wait to see what Dontnod come up with next.For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,319630,14301181,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Diokaza,Short review:+Alot of suprising Scene/Story+Good character+Good Backgroud/Credits/Theme Music+Gorgeous envirounment+Really fantastic  Story+Very emotional and have Alot of potential to beGOTY+Story rich+Optimized/ Playeble For Low Spec pc and can be played on Intel HD 3000/4000+You can click/Examine alot of thing+Rewind powersBad thing :-Bad lips syncOverall score: 9.2/10
,Recommended,319630,24943721,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Paramore,MY Favorite  :)
,Recommended,319630,32859935,Posted: 27 June,all,w0dapl,"One of the best stories in a few years (ofc Last of Us included). Everything is for playing that game: story, that one of a kind climate of school full of mysteries but normal day problems and complex characters also! Music! Graphics that fits into this story, everything! 10/10! Waiting for announced prequel :)"
76561198051298578,Recommended,319630,29144527,Posted: 9 January,all,AndrewT,"As a thirtysomething male first I was a bit sceptical how the teenage girlie girl stuff would fit my taste, but the promise of a well designed decision/action/reaction mechanism begged for a try, and I'm glad I did give it one, and my worries above proved to be absolutley wrong. This is one of the most memorable games I've ever played, although some might not even consider it as a game, more like an interactive movie (a drama, a thriller, a crime movie, a mistery movie) or visual novel, and the episodic release supports this point of view. It's important to emphasize, that it's not meant to be a science fiction, as the time manipulation would seeminlgy suggest, as the reasons behind this power are unknown and not important, we just go on with it. In the end Life is Strange is still an adventure game with classic and innovative elements mixed.The game consists of a set of intertwined layers. The primary layer is all about making decisions, that's pretty much the core of the concept and works great. Just like in real life, there are no black or white decisions, most of them are somewhere in between, and what seems to be a logical or rational choice at a time, might prove to be problematic from another point of view later. Consequences can be immediate, rewind can help here exploring the other possibilities, but usually consequences appear later in the same episode or even in a later episode. A great example is the ""RV on the beach"" scene in Episode 4, where a literally wall sized flowchart would be required to visualize the complex network of different factors affecting our options. The final and ultimate decision however doesn't seem to be connected to the about 4 major and 10-12 minor decisions per episode, which would otherwise mean a large number of variations and combinations in the story, we always have the same two options to choose from, no matter what we did from the very beginning of the game. That's not neccessarily an issue, but it might have been interesting to explore more and different options here as the climax of the story. The replay value this way is not defined by the conclusion of the game, but rather by the road the player gets there, as different choices mean additional scenes or certain scenes removed compared to other playthroughs.Another layer is the athmosphere, where the visual and audio parts create persons and locations so full of life. The game itself utilizes the still awesome Unreal Engine 3 with handdrawn or handpainted loooking visuals, which is still realistic and unique. The way the developers play with light and shadow, warm and cold colors always supports that is currently happening on the screen or the main characters actual state of mind. The voice actors do breathe life with quite entertaining slang and celver wordplay into their characters, which have a precisely developed backstory and connections, and all of them walk or fight their way towards a massive character development. The original and licensed soundtrack of the indie rock genre, combined with the weakening warmth of the october sun create a really nostalgic athmosphere, which is obviously not a coincidence.The game features a really rich subtextual content, which means a ""hella"" lot of references, smybols and easter eggs. Every episode title, name, item, poster, t-shirt, license plate, animal, literally everything means something that might not seem to be important or relevant first, but enlarges the big picture (and reveals the tremendous background research and popcultural influences the developers brought in). So do the additional sources of information, the diary, which Max keeps always up to date after something happens to her, the SMS exchanges on the phone, and the so called collectibles like optional photos, and people and locations of the journey.Not many games dare to present social issues and deviancies of the modern day, this one does and wisely lets the player decide how to approach them: online and real life aggression and bullying, suicide, teenage pregnancy, drugs, post-war integration, homelessness, conflicts in blended family structures, euthanasia, suffering from bad judgement calls of the past are just a few to name. The value of mental and physical health, life, friends and beloved ones is up to the player to deal with responsibly. The game also features a female protagonist, however not under the ""sex sells"" flag, but rather because the kind of friendship and chemistry Max and Chloe share demands young women, so this is also absolutley functional, yet still not an issue for the mainly male player base to relate to the main characters, but surely opens towards the female audience.Playing for the first time instinctly or for another time self-aware and somewhat manupulative, and the way you hesitate over certain seemingly low-weight decisions let you learn about even yourself a lot, meanwhile enjoying the story the game offers. Life is all about decisions, and you always do decide, even if not in a formal or conscious way, usually between bad and worse choices, and have to live on with the consequences whatever they might turn out. And if you opt to rewind time after reading this review, well, you've already read it, so nothing's changed. Yep."
,Not Recommended,319630,27394491,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,M O Y S T,"Horrible game, I'm honestly ♥♥♥♥in astonished this trash has so many good reviews.Unlikeable characters/castChoices have zero impact on storyHardly any gameplay to speak ofHorrendous writingThe time travel thing doesn't follow its own rulesGlaring plot holesIf you want to drink yourself to death, take a shot every time one of these rainbow haired♥♥♥♥♥♥♥says ""hella"", or ""awesomesauce"" or any other cringeworthy♥♥♥♥♥♥that was obviously written by 30 year old man trying to sound like a teenage girl."
,Recommended,319630,15029247,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Iron Pig,"So here is in all sense MY OPINION on this game.In categoriesStory----------------------------------------------+ Has a catchy begging, attracting the player.+ Nice plot twists along the way.+ Allows the player to figure the puzzle out for themselfs by having positive and negative affects.+ The story is actually kinda emotional, allowing the player to attach to the characthers.- Some of the polt twists don't make sense- The plot of this game has been done over and over and over, some adverage Joe gets a power they have to learn how to control over time through friends and family, so I can already guess what is going to go down in the next installments.- Some plot holes.Gameplay (Controls)-----------------------------------------+ Smooth controls (although I have heard that for mac users, bugs have occured)+ Simple point and click adventure.+ Doesn't spam quick time events, but uses them once in awhile.- Some of the controls catch you off gaurd.- Bugs at certain moments.Price-------------------------------+ Its cheap when you first buy it.- You have to pay for the other installments.Graphics-----------------------+ Very beautiful atmopshere and surrondings, this is such a feel good game when the game zooms out onto the surrondings.+ Easy to run (Desktop wise)+ Easy to adjust graphics-  Glitchy bugs at times with the options.---------------------------------------------------So yea, thats basicly all I can really say for this game with out spoiling it.If my grammar is incorrect or off, please tell me so.Also this is my first review in this format so tell me if you enjoyed :DMy Personal Rating: 7 Snob ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s/ 10"
,Recommended,319630,18846441,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,kasuparu,This game made me feel emotionally alive.Game of the Year.
,Recommended,319630,33786341,Posted: 25 July,all,Mr.B0mBaSTicK450,One of the best games i've ever played
,Recommended,319630,14327881,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lothy,"I was rather torn when I finished playing Episode one.On the one hand, I loved the game: It played pretty smoothly on my computer once I lowered the resolution, which is more than I can say for the average game (there were some weird rainbow glow colors thing going on during my first play-through, but it was fixed by the developer and the second play-through I had no such problem), I liked the story (it seemed interesting, from what little you can glimpse on just one episode), I liked the style (gameplay wise it was somewhat reminiscent of, but not at all like, ""The Walking Dead"" - as far as choices and timing and actions, I mean), and I love being given options on what to reply. Plus, the time rewind was beautiful. I wish all games had that, because I always have my ""No, wait, that's not at all what I wanted to say!"" (particularly when they only offer you one part of the answer in text and it's not at all like you thought it was meant when they say it out loud and then you're stuck with the bad choice because the developers couldn't put things down clearly. Not here, though!).I also liked that I had all the time in the world (sort of) to consider each answer carefully, there were no real quick time events (which I kinda hate) and what did need to be addressed 'quickly' could be fixed with a rewind... so...On the other hand, the first episode was way too short, even for the price tag, and as much as I want to play the next episodes, I'm not sure I'm ready to shell out the $17 for the season pack. And here's why:I understand things have to be scripted, but I would have liked to have the opportunity to explore more on my own. I understand it's a story game and not open world, thus is has to be linear, but it doesn't have to be that linear. What I mean is, why can't I go to the parking lot and tell the guy ""I still don't have the USB drive"" but look around the place anyway? I would have enjoyed the ability to go back and forth and explore thus a bit more (locked to the 'area', sure, as in, unable to leave school grounds, but still free to move within the areas within the school grounds).Moreover, I feel like not a single thing was resolved in Episode 1, and I think it would have been better if [is]something[/i] had been resolved. I don't even mean the big plot stuff, but... something small. I don't know, so that you felt like you actually accomplished something, which I think it's important in episodic games if you want them to get more.As for the answers, while I do believe what you choose now will have consequences later, I was a bit disappointed upon replay that there really wasn't that much difference in the answers you got if you went one road versus another...Also I read on the comments that a lot of people had troubles with the controls (on how to look/use stuff), but I had zero problem with it. It's the same some other adventure type games have used, there's nothing wrong or broken about them.I can't really comment on the story as a whole from just one episode, but it seemed interesting enough and I'd be curious to know more about her power. I hope it's revealed in further episodes how she got it or why she has it.Replayability is rather low, at least having just the one episode, because like I said, there weren't that many differences when choosing another road. I did love the time-rewind concept though, and I'd be looking forward to the season pass if it went on sale.All that aside, I'd still recommend the game if you're into this kind of adventure/story types."
,Recommended,319630,18658754,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Laur,"Basically, it's the story of a girl who is tripping balls from a huge hit of salvia.This game is pure art. It has the power to completely change your outlook of life, it can move and take you to somewhere else, it can show you what really is the 'bigger picture', and what reality and identity is defined as beyond what you see, hear, and sense.Also stopped me from killing myself"
,Recommended,319630,14322854,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Stripstroke,"This game has to be my favorite episodic game so far... it's beautiful. The developers know how to bring out your emotions, I was full of hope then torn apart, I felt like a superhero then the next second I felt useless, I loved and I lost, I gained knowledge then felt played. This game made me feel it all happiness, sadness, love, depression, hopeless, hope, struggle, fear etc the list goes on... it's art and everyone should experience it at least once in their lives!The game has a lot of good things about it and right off the bat is the options it's better than I expected it to be it has fullscreen, borderless and windowed mode. It has decent options plenty to play with but they only go up to high there's no ultra or anything like that. Keyboard and mouse work great and everything is rebindable, a controller also works straight out of the box with no problem. The graphics in this game are very pretty sometimes ugly here and there but for the most part it's gorgeous to look at. The gameplay is pretty much your typical episodic game type stuff except with a twist here you can rewind time giving you so much more possibilities to work with it's great fun! Plus the game has small time puzzles if your a fan of that. THE SOUNDTRACK IS BEAUTIFUL some of the best I've heard in a game to date, you can easily listen to it outside of the game... it's honestly worth a listen too. The story at first is your typical cliche teen flick but then rapidly changes... so don't be fooled by it's looks at first the game opens up a lot later on. The game is a good length I was expecting 12-15 hours and including 100% it's like 17 hours. The game does one thing right with collectibles they don't force you to go looking for them they want you to explore, talk and hell if you don't like that on the first run? You can simply always restart episodes in collectible mode which is super super super good plus one for that!While I would love to say the game is perfect it's not I mean for one the puzzles there either too easy or too annoying it's not that fun to go through. Sometimes the story just drags on... I guess you get say they left in space to take breathers but honestly I didn't enjoy those parts. The game like I said before does have ugly looking textures, while I usually never complain about dumb crap like that... in this game though it is pretty noticeable like the hands GOD THE HANDS! While I'm sure some people like it there are things to the game that are so easily missable until you see them in the results screen making you scratch your head as in how the hell could you have possibly missed something like that. One minor problem I had was the game is screenshot madness which I love until an item you pick up gets stuck on your screen... bad design choice on that one should have made it a toggle off and on feature.I think the game is wonderful and I would honestly recommend it to anyone like I said before it's something everyone should experience at least once in their lives... I cannot wait to see what's in store for us in season 2!"
,Recommended,319630,19545986,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bipolar Polar Bear,All aboard the feels train!
76561198194329698,Recommended,319630,33229569,Posted: 4 July,all,RalphBecker,"This game have done everything rightRelateble characters, yes they are awkward,but they are real,not like super heroes in the movies and they grow and develop,as the story goes,intence story,that changes drasticlly,depending on your choices,which makes it replayable for a lot of times.This game really showes,that every your choice,will have a consequnce,maybe it wont affect everything on world,but it will affect,someone,or something and you should always choose wisely,you may be deciding someones faith and it will not always turn the way you want too.In the end...Life is really strange."
,Recommended,319630,14262404,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MichelV,"A very pleasant surprise. I barely followed this game since it was announced, and its release came as a surprise to me, but after reading lots of reviews and user opinions I decided to give it a try, and man was it worth it.It may seem a bit storeotypical at first glance, but as the story progresses it really finds it own personalty. I'm very fond of narrative-driven games and Life is Strange is definitely a very good one. The story is interesting, the characters (although typical at first) are well written, and the time reversal mechanic gives the game the defining feature it needed not to be another ""Telltale-esque"" wannabe. Also, all the decisions you make really seem to impact a lot of variables (way deeper than Mass Effect's Red-Blue system), I am really interested on seeing how it all develops in the future.On a bad note, the puzzles are really straight-forward and easy, but I guess that will change as the next Episodes keep coming. For now, the plot holds well and has my interest."
,Recommended,319630,22862645,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,HC≡N,Had an argument about the ending with my girlfriend.She got upset.Hoped I could alter time like Max did.But I didnt wanna set off any chain of reaction to kill my gf. Or my cat.Went next door and apologized instead.Now we share mutual agreements on how brilliant Life is Strange is.11 out of 10. Extra one for the life lesson.
,Recommended,319630,14234681,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,FunkySpunkyDunkyMonkey,"This was an amazing game, words cannot do it justice, you would be better off going and watching a video about it, it is insanely fun!"
,Recommended,319630,35023898,Posted: 17 September,all,Clippy,Lmao yall are too sensitive and emotional shut yo asses upNvm i cried
,Recommended,319630,25881795,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,hishi,"ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ「Life is Strange」*ITS REVIEW FOR FULL GAME, NOT FIRST EP*Ok, so it's time to review this masterpiece.I completed this game on shared account (yeah, I know, It's illegal, but I was waiting for this game like crazy so)At the beginning, I thought that's gonna be peaceful game where nothing special gonna happend, but I was wrong.When you decide to buy this game, you need to complete it in one night (or day), because it's so addicting.I was playing this game when first episode has been released, and I was waiting for next episodes like IPOASDIOPASIOPDA I CANT SLEEP I CANT THINK ABOUT OTHER THINGS OPKJADOPAS WHATS GONNA HAPPENED NEXT and you know. It's like with TV Series, you can't wait what's gonna happen next. The episode ends on most interesting part and you need to wait couple days. Back to game - Graphics,Soundtrack, everything fits. There's no mistakes made by Square Enix."
,Recommended,319630,20883941,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Detail.movie💕,One of the best story experiences I have ever experienced since BioShock. It's up there.
,Recommended,319630,26867504,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,• M8Tea,Sadness Simulator
,Recommended,319630,29142980,Posted: 9 January,all,P'TrickZ,"stop looking at the screenshots and videos, play the first episode, buy the rest and play it!.This is the telltale method with such a great story which was never seen before in any of the telltale games.Over all it is a great game, although i have some points of criticism which probably are not a big deal to many of you.Careful: Rollercoaster of Emotions ahead!"
76561198258777144,Recommended,319630,23526300,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,✯ Wrecktum ✯,Where do I start? This game is absoulutely amazing! The story line is so intriguing as it pulls you in with all the choices that you have to take that may or may not mess up the future timeline! The charecters dialogue and unique personality's make the story twice as interesting as it all ready is! The cinematic shots that you can take through out your journey with Max and Chloe are amazing! This game had huge potential and it met that potential with flying colours! The way the choices you make determine the end of the game makes this game unique to all others. If you have ever thought to buy this game or even just the first episode I highly recommend you do! If I had to rate this game out of 10 i would rate it 9.9/10.
,Recommended,319630,24106980,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,helmutssss,"I didn't know what to expect from this game. I just picked it up as something to mess around with when I'm not playing CS. God was I surprised...  Without any exaggeration, this is the best piece of fiction I've ever experienced.I was pretty sure I was not going to like the game because I'm more of an esports, not story game type guy. Life is Strange brought me on a roller coaster of emotions which no other game, book or movie was able to do. Now a few days later after finishing the game, I still think about it all the time.This is certainly a piece of art, and a truly incredible one."
,Recommended,319630,15023499,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Nøstalgia,"A bit too teenager-y at times (for my taste), but still a really good game. The story is nice and the time rewinding mechanic is fantastic. It allows you to make a choice, see the immediate consequences and then re-consider your selection - in contrary to Telltale's ""I'm panicking I have to choose NOW"" approach. You can actually put weight into your decisions, and, should you not like an outcome, re-choose.A very relaxing and emotional experience."
76561198085740266,Not Recommended,319630,31303009,Posted: 22 April,all,Aleyden,"It's frustrating for me to give a thumbs down for this game because it does so many things right. Truthfully, it was the ending that reversed my opinion on everything. I know, I know, I shouldn't let a poor ending ruin the entire experience for me...but it does. Every moment I agonized and worried about my choices because they ""matter"" was robbed from me in the end. All the times I worked hard through the puzzles to get the best possible scenario...no longer mattered. What ultimately pushed me to give this game a thumbs down is that this story didn't need to be a game to begin with. With so much illusion of choice it's criminal for the ending to be so binary - ultimately delgitimizing all of the choices you make in the game. I wish this had simply been a 2 hour movie I had watched at the theatres...either that, or I wish they had gone with a different ending. Everything builds up to Episode 5 but it just fails to deliver."
76561198084752639,Not Recommended,319630,24033674,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Necromancer,"dont get me wrong thumbs up x4 for episode 1-2-3-4.but when you come to episode 5 you will feel heavly dissapointed to see that all your decisions are changing nothing at all.let me put it this way:  the game only offers 2 choise. but yet it warns you that all your choises will affect past, future etc..this is the only part that i felt.. i dont know... deceived ?"
,Recommended,319630,31600211,Posted: 7 May,all,Gwathdring,"I'm still digesting a few things so I'm not sure exactly what I want to say about the game as a whole.I do think it starts off on the right foot and makes for a fine example of this form of interactive storytelling. It lags behind its own innovations in a few places, trying to by more ""gamey"" and mechanical than it really needs to be to keep players engaged and avoid being a film with an awkward UI--the nightmare-scape stealth maze near the end of Episode 5 being a perfect example of this getting in the way of the game flowing properly. Remember, kids, just because it has more of a fail state doesn't mean it's more enjoyable, more interactive, or more interesting!I really appreciate how well Life is Strange owns its more mundane moments, how comfortable it is presenting people being silly, gawky, and awkward. How comfortable it is letting you listen to people talk. How confident it is about letting you miss information and opportunities. Life Is Strange pulls some fantastic tricks with its theme and mechanics. You play a character moving (back) to a new town, entering a new phase of her life, meeting an old friend herself much changed, and of course confronted with time-bending super-powers--you play a character undergoing substantial changes. You, the player, putting your own goals, adgendas and opinions onto this otherwise rather well established protagonist could have created a lot of friction, but instead the story being told here takes advantage of your influence. You are the force of changes in Max's life in a way that smooths over issues with awkward cross between role-player and audience-insert these sorts of games inevitably position you as.The time travel powers, too, smooth over gaps between the way players approach choose your own adventure games (flipping pages or reloading to see what else could have happened or to ""undo"" things), and making that part of the game. What surprised me was that this didn't just make my conditioned gamer response to big Choice Point moments feel more organic and less distracting ... but it also engaged me explicitly in thinking about those sorts of things from the *character's* point of view. How does Max feel about manipulating people like this? Is this ok? How would other people feel if they knew? The game uses Chloe's knowledge of your powers to have explicit conversations about these themes with the player without breaking the 4th wall or otherwise leaving Max out of the loop.I really appreciate the game's integrity with respect to its characters. Max has opinions, Chloe has opinions, etc. Unlike in many other conversation heavy games I've played, I rarely felt like I had control over what Max *thought* or *felt*, nor that Max had much of that control over other people. Max's primary way to change how people behaved wasn't by changing what they believed or felt with the right conversation options, but by using her knowledge of them (obtained through time travel or otherwise) to change how they saw *Max* or *the conversation they were having.* Characters can be manipulated or persuaded into behaving a certain way or thinking a certain thing is true of Max ... but Max can't fundamentally change who they are in the way that a Bioware protagonist could.I'm already roaming all over the place here, but again I haven't quite organized my thoughts on this and hopefully I can come back and be more useful when I've thought some more.The short version for now is that it's a fundamentally well executed piece of interactive story telling that makes savvy decisions about its themse and mechanics to pull everything together in a way other games in this 3D animated corner of the genre cannot compete with. I really liked getting to know these people and moving through their world. I'm not done sorting out how strongly I feel about the things I didn't like versus how strongly I feela bout the things I liked, or done sorting out how much of the game is going to stick with me as opposed to collapse under reflection and fridge logic ...But I can definitely recommend you give this thing a try and see for yourself."
,Recommended,319630,14274150,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,murderbits,"You should buy this and play it, right now. Only if you find everything presented about this game as being very off-putting should you even consider waiting around for a discount. This really needs to be experienced. Especially if you love the Pacific Northwest and great stories set in them, like X-Files and Twin Peaks.Over the last few years, a lot of games had some story and some originality, but to many of us a few particular titles seemed rather pretentious. Or, rather, those heaping far more praise on the titles than they deserved seemed to be pretentious.Attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture... than is actually possessed.It isn't that all of these other games have been awful. In fact, many have been decent and enjoyable. They just did not seem to be the great revelation or evolution to gaming. Walking simulators (a label I do not use pejoratively) were slobbered over and deemed to be great leaps in story telling. When viewed more objectively, they seemed to only have good stories ""for a game"". A couple of story beats climaxing, in one particular game, in a twist that left some falling all over themselves, others ranting angrily about ""agendas"" and the rest of us shaking our heads, thinking""that's it?"". In particular, I think it was easy for people who saw ""agendas"" in those games to do so, because there wasso little other meat on the bown.Life Is Strange is like those games in that it chases what they tried to chase. It addresses growth in gaming and story telling that reviewers of those games said we all wanted.  However, where those games often felt fairly empty and usually only had stories that were good with a qualified statement, like ""for a game"", Dontnod comes out with a game that delivers on fulfilling all these things.If one can accuse Gone Home of being pretentious (though I assert it is less the game which is pretentious, but a certain type of fawning reviewer who was), Life Is Strange is genuine. It is full of interesting characters, compelling story, fantastic cinematics, great atmosphere, and a sense of intrigue behind everyone and everything. After the enjoyable but flawed Remember Me, Dontnod comes back with a game that steps up to the free-style indie gaming rap battle and answers Gone Home's every criticism meaningfully and drops the mic.I can not wait for episode two. There are so many things I want answers to. And I want to know if Nathan is really such a creep (and if so, do we get a chance to avenge Chloe?). This story and world really follows up on its influences like Twin Peaks, X-Files, Haven, Gone Home, and runs with those along with the real Pacific Northwest churn beneath everything.Not to mention, this teaches Telltale a thing or two. The game has an appealing and simple interface and the engine is just gorgeous. I would play other stories in this if they licensed it out to other devs.Should you buy this? Unless you are terribly off-put by it, yes. It is not a challenging game. It is very casual. But it is extremely enjoyable. I wouldn't even bother waiting for a discount. Buy it now. Play it now (the first episode is around three hours). And then eagerly await the next one."
,Not Recommended,319630,34206980,Posted: 12 August,all,880user088,"Amazing game until you start analyzing it.I get why the game is loved by many. It has relatable characters, nice setup, and lovely style and tear jerking moments. During the whole game I got interested in the characters, the plot, the drama and the decisions I kept making. All Episodes were amazing, emotional and full of mysteries.The big problem in this game is its severely loose endings, the more you think about the storyline the more you realize how inconsistent it is.  So many unanswered questions about the time travel, the tornado/eclipse/whale thing, the symbolism of spirit animals, the aftermath of arcadia bay and more. Also, the way it ends with only two possibilities is ridiculous, there are million ways to not sacrifice anyone if you think about the ending a little bit. I guess the developers wanted the end to be an emotional ride.I still get why people loved this game, though."
76561198080781507,Not Recommended,319630,25982662,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mr. Blonde,"This game follows Max Caulfield, a socially awkward girl with no self-confidence who must constantly be called through the game Hero, without caring if what you did was important or not, like: Tell that girl to move to the side so a ball won’t hit her, yes, my hero, my angel, you saved me. Oook. Won’t forget about Chloe Price, Max’s so called best friend, even after a five-year absence who is in that rebellious phase of youth where clearly, they know best and best is to abuse drugs and act like everybody is out to get you, totally selfish and you need to sympathize with er. Also, both are paranoid and fascinated with Rachel Amber as all Arcadia because apparently, she was the best person ever, for everyone. Several characters are presented through the game, most of them are minor, unimportant to the plot or story and even outright ignoring would do little to change the game. The most memorable characters were Kate Marsh and her bullying is wrong storyline; David Madsen, because why not, he truly wants to make things better, but it is hard and even Warren who at least grows a spine despite being drooling for Max.It is worth mentioning that there is almost a negligible character growth through the game, and the two characters that do so end up dead in most cases, at least according to the statistics provided by the game. Hell, even the so-called protagonist only learns that you must manipulate time so that others will like you and save someone you once enjoyed being around with. It is also interesting to note that the concept of making friends or people changing radically is defined in this game as: Saying one nice thing to them. Which in game means, saying anything other, but then using you rewind powers to fix your mistake.Talking about which, that is another aspect of the game which could have been better worked out. We are presented some rules at the beginning which are never again followed when it would be convenient to do so. In one scene in the game, you must make the choice between taking a photo or helping someone out. The game has, by now, stated that if you rewind, whatever items you gathered will remain with you. So, logically, you take the photo, rewind, intervene, win win. Except, it doesn’t work, apparently, that is too complicated for the game. Talking about, adding so many optional photos to take and in so many moments it makes little sense. People are dying, but, wait, this would be an awesome picture, whoops, they died, rewind.For the most part, the story began as decent. At least it had an interesting idea, then everything revolved around Rachel, in a way that most conspiracy theorists wouldn’t even imagine, and yet Max and Chloe are so certain it spells doom for their town. The last couple of episodes were, or at least feel definitely rushed, and made little impact. By the last episode, I just wanted to finish the game and what probably could have been a strong image; running through different memories, turned into a chore. I would have loved if they had added that skip option to more parts. Dialogue could have been better, way better, but I guess since it is teen oriented and a game following teens, then maybe that was their intention, I can only hope it was, because it was terrible in most occasions.I really wanted to give this game a try and after reading so many wonderful reviews, I did believe it had the potential to be a great game. Sadly, I was mistaken. It may be that seeing so many positive opinions, made it look worse that it could have be, I won’t deny that. It may also be that being a foreign who hasn’t experienced the teen life from America, I may not fully resonate with some of the themes, but as an external judge, I do admit that the game, for me, at best is a 3.5, maybe even a 4 out of 10."
,Recommended,319630,23461982,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,OriginalXTS,"Phenomenal game!  I won't do a full review, there are pros out there doing that already.. I just want to confirm their responses to this game.I don't like some of the language.. That's just me. I'm a female who prefers less cursing to be honest, but I was mildly offended as an adult.  The storyline was great! That's what kept me going!  Mysteries always intrigue me as well. This one is definitely a mystery!  I recommend this game to anyone who is okay with language, violence, other adult situations but is mature enough to handle it and not let it derange them. lol.  We're surrounded by it in real life. This game is named really well because a lot of things in here really do happen in life, and yes it is strange!  :)I'll play this game again later using different decisions to recieve a different outcome when I do get more time to game.. For sure!  It's a keeper and well worth every dime.  I got it early on so I had to wait for a few chapters.. That was the hardest part.. ^.^A nice feature is you can go back and aim solely for achieving your achievements without having to keep playing the game over and over to get all of the achievements. Very nice :)"
,Recommended,319630,30036169,Posted: 19 February,all,Jeffery,"Life Is Strange is a very immersive story experience, that offers roughly 12-18 hours of content depending on how you like to play. Good characters, good story, Great controls, amazing music and amazing voice acting, however, a few things let me down such as the lip syncing, facial expressions and visuals. The lip syncing is pretty bad, sometimes their mouths match what they're saying, but, most of the time, they don't. There is little to no facial expressions in any character in this game which kinda breaks some of the heart grabbing moments but this doesn't turn me off completely because you can still hear the feeling in the characters voice. The visuals aren't a big issue but the setting of this game would be so much more stunning if they used a better engine. Life Is Strange has to be one of the best story rich and choices matter game i have ever played, i personally prefer this over the telltale games and if you didn't like them, i'd still say give this game a shot as it has a completely different story and the controls are a lot better. I recommend this game to all, especially to adults who are looking to reminisce on their childhood."
,Recommended,319630,15825994,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,momo,"Dont worry, be happy ^_^"
,Recommended,319630,32814385,Posted: 26 June,all,Charles,"Great game, amazing story, unique gameplay and beautiful soundtrack. If you haven't played Life is Strange yet I highly recommend it as I think it was one of the best games of 2015 and it still is a great game to play in 2017. I enjoyed the game so much that I have even preordered the prequel game Before the Storm."
,Recommended,319630,19076550,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,pricefieldismyotp,"I don't write reviews. I don't have the way with words to properly convey my thoughts. Even writing this now I pause and erase and try to find the right thing to say. That's probably why Max resonates with me so strongly, she echoes my own fears and doubts. This game, story, and these characters have touched me in a way no other game has. To not write a review (even as late as it has taken me to get to it) is unthinkable. If my words can inspire even one other person to feel the joy, heartache, and love I felt on this journey then i must put them out there. This game is not for everyone. You may not like it, but you owe it to yourself to give it a try."
,Recommended,319630,33109493,Posted: 1 July,all,Kyōko ♥,RecommendedA beautiful yet heartbreaking story in which you try to find the truth behind a missing person and a catastrophic event you predicted. While trying to find what happened you can interact with many unique characters and the this detailed world changing what happens around the game.Side Note for the faint of heart: This game contains a bit of sensitive content.
,Recommended,319630,29424873,Posted: 22 January,all,SecondCoolPotato,"A beautiful, heartbreaking, wonderfully written game that has a emotional story about friendship & apocalypse and a really amazing soundtrack.And its okay for you to cry.10/10"
,Not Recommended,319630,24477136,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,giant_teapot,"The first three episode are really great (reminder: it's divided into 5 episodes). Writing is good, characters are interesting enough, and the plot is well-paced.It looked like it was going to be a great experience, and to be perfectly honest I really enjoyed the first 2/3 of it.But for me, things began to feel wrong somewhere in the 4th episode. Just when the plot was trying so hard to move towards a conclusion. It almost felt as if they changed the writing staff for the ending. I thought that going ""dark-ish"" athmosphere was not really in sync with what they established before. And to me, instead of something compelling, I thought that all I getting were cartoonish villains and improbable situations. A bit like a Scooby-Doo episode (okay, I'm exagerating here...).And then there is the ending that I found utterly anti-climatic. I did not get closure as it completely disregards all you may have done, learned or achieved in the previous episodes. And all the small story arcs, the characters that you tried to help, all of that seems pointless. The disappointment is only as vivid as the story was promising (and enjoyable for most of it).I know that many people liked the ending, and I totally understand that. You may yourself enjoy it.But if you intend to start this journey, be warned that there is a risk that you could be really disappointed in the end.As for me, it saddens me that, mostly because of weak last episodes and an ending that flushes the rest of the story down the proverbial toilet(or up the tornado-ex-machina if you will), I don't think I'll ever make a second playthrough. (Hence the negative review)Even though Ireallyliked more than half of the story..."
76561198167131601,Recommended,319630,30900683,Posted: 2 April,all,Hujer.,Great game. Makes you cry. Worth 19.99€. 11/10
,Recommended,319630,15234477,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Chop,"Just shut up and buy it! I did and it's turned out to be one of my best purchases this year.Edit: This is the best purchase I've made in a long time, absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,319630,26647238,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Amathonte,"I've never ever loved a game this much.. It literally made me start thinking about my decisions in life... The story is so well written, gameplay is amazing and characters are perfectly made... This game is just perfect. Going to be my favorite game forever probably..."
,Recommended,319630,27117002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ŦɈ,"I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye T.T"
,Recommended,319630,18806581,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"A story-driven point-and-click adventure in the vein of Telltale's current direction, but with an added twist: You can rewind time.What starts as just a quirky, vaguely ominous Lynchian spin on your everyday teen's social minefields and petty high-school fiefdoms quickly becomes more tense, with frequent life-or-death consequences and plenty of tugs at the heartstrings. Things in Life is Strange are, on the surface, far less dire than in comprable games like Telltale's The Walking Dead, but it doesn't shy from world-shattering climax or a smaller, more personal apocalypse.The time travel gimmick seems one-dimensional at first, just allowing you to correct mistakes. But there are some advanced applications. Since you stay anchored to your position while you rewind time, you can effectively ""teleport"" with it or pick up objects so they remain unaffected by the rewind. It also allows you to see multiple outcomes when presented with branching choices. There's still no telling how one choice will differ from another if and when they carry over to later episodes, but at least you won't be blinsided by the immediate consequences of anything, since you can use your rewind powers to check all your options, find out what information could be vital to a conversation, and return fully prepared.One thing that became really endearing is just the sheer amount of stuff to do. Life is Strange opens up lots of stuff to look at, people to talk to, and so on, even if a lot of it has no plot consequence. The result is a world that feels less ""gamey."" You're not being railroaded through puzzles and setpieces. And since the puzzling in Life is Strange is pretty un-demanding, that's a plus."
,Recommended,319630,19559136,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝Minariii⎠⎞,10/10 would play this again and again. #Pricefield
,Not Recommended,319630,24422942,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,zZE94,"You might probably like this game and it is definitely a great game but I didn't enjoy it enough to recommend it. Mainly because of how it unfolds over time.The game started off really great with a great story building up, with appealing graphics, with great characters and also, a great background score. I really enjoyed the game until a specific point, probably somewhere around Ep-4 or 5. That is when the story really started to unravel itself and the story didn't end as well as it began. Also, stupid one liners and ridiculous dialogues between Max and Chloe became annoying and took away from the reality factor of the game, In Ep-5, the protagonist's tone and voice became a bit annoying, but that might just be me and the ridiculousness didn't help. And lastly, hoping for a great ending, you are presented with a choice that makes all the choices you've made so far in the game to be worthless, they don't matter at all.If the game did not have such a strict linear storyline and a bit more freedom with the powers, it could have been much better."
,Recommended,319630,14381703,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Admiral General Aladeen®,"Pros:Wow.Just Wow.Life is very strange.An dramatic indie movie.Game graphics is just Wow.Game story has me wanted more.This is game is very well made.You should get the game and try it out.Totally worth your time and your cash.Cons:Main Character is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥y xP[EDIT] Finished the game,all I wanted to say is,WHY YOU GOTTA LEAVE ME CRYING,FUQ YU :'(Oh and,more please? Please :c"
,Recommended,319630,24552087,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,fluister van 'n roos,"Can a game be consided art ? .. yes .. yes it can .. and LiS is one of those games that clearly is both game and art .You dont play art,  you experience it, you feel it , you live it.And yes i am a girl , and yes i am gay ( build a bridge and get over it  ), but you dont have to be female or a lesbian to enjoy this story .  How it is delivered is great ( allthough the choices in episodeS 4 & 5 will destroy your soul,  as some one just out of their teens i remember what its like to feel that you are on the outside looking in, this story is far from perfect  as sometimes the plot just disappears and goes nowhere and some character story lines just fade away to nothing and some of the dialogue has clearly been written by someone who has no idea just how teenagers speak ( social medias ? really).Without a doubt this is the best story i have experienced in any game , i hella cried , i hella laughed ,once i lay on the floor sobbing for hours and  sometimes i just cringed ( final fantasy the spirit within  is not a great movie, just play the game and you will understand ), but lets face it we were all teenagers once, many of the characters while stereotypes are very well written and fleshed out to feel quite real, but be warned if you are even just a little emotional ( or like me a lot  ) you will cry buckets of tears, no story has touched me even half as much as LiS has, Max and Chloe are two poeple who you will fall in love with and care greatly about what happens to them, every plot twist and turn left me completely drained after my first play through, i have just finished my 10th and it hasnt got any better.The time travel mechanic works well and most of the choices may feel very trivial (except in esp #4 which will ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up).If you want great story telling with characters you truly and deeply care about  then LiS is for you, if you want your emotions to be torn out of your chest beaten against a rock and then stomped on then LiS for you , if you want to experience something that very few other games can deliver then LiS is the story for you,  play it , experience it, i promise you will not be dissapointed.but it will ♥♥♥♥ with your brain by the end.episode #1 turned me into an emotional wreckepisode #2 left me drained and emptyepisode #3 ripped out my emotions,beat them on a rock them stomped themepisode #4 totally ♥♥♥♥ed my♥♥♥♥♥♥up,couldnt sleep for dayzepisode #5 made me totally lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥and cry for hoursPS:  Dontnod have just announced that they are working on LiS 2 ,  so I have ordered a shipping container load of tissues and booked some more sessions with my Therapist cause i think im going to need them. ;-)BAE B4 BAY  choose anything else and i will come over and ♥♥♥♥ you up  LOLno seriuously you let her die and i will hunt you down and chop your♥♥♥♥♥♥offhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha10/10100/1001000/100010,000/10,000100,000/100,0001,000,000/1,000,0001,0000,0000/1,0000,00001,00000,00000/1,00000.000001,000000000,000/1,000000,0000001,0000000,0000000/1,0000000,0000000BEST GAME EVER"
,Recommended,319630,25009868,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bleak,"A very good story-driven atmospheric mystery.LiS was a real treat to play, with its interesting story and well designed characters, there's never a moment where you'll get bored.And the soundtrack.. the soundtrack though."
,Recommended,319630,18577165,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Algonquin Hood,"NO SPOILING AHEADI have finished the game, and I have to say that this was one if not the best gaming experience I ever got.(I finished ALL endings, atleast I hope that have been all)The game drags you inside, you become one with Protagonist Maxine Caulfield and you go through five episodes of pure emotion. By that I mean, I know there had been people crying because of the happenings of this game, I can tell I managed not to cry but there were numerous moments (almost the whole game) which caught me up really strong.If thats not enough, you build up a relationship with every single character in this game (which is normal in most games to be honest).On top of that every choice you make in this game is a 'Butterfly Effect', means every single choice you make ingame might change past, presence or future.I just finished the game so my mind is still heavily blown and emotions are overflowing (to be honest I think I'll get emotional issues for the end of the week XD)The price is too fair. I would pay three times more to enjoy all that emotion and experience.In other words I must say this is a masterpiece, there is much more to the game as for example everyone has their spirit animal, the colors are bound to characters because they have specific meanings and alot of other things I could count up  if my mind wouldn't be too blasted from what I just experienced playing.In short: Buy this game, let emotions slap you right in the face, build up a relationship to each character, get mind-blown all the time, go cry in a corner because the game wrecked your emotions.Also, I have not encountered any bugs whatsoever, so technically this game also is a masterpiece.I'd also like to spoil something I encountered at the end. On the title screen after finishing episode 5, there was a message saying 'Thank you for playing Life is Strange Season 1', which means there might be another season coming up next year, so more emotions, more people who got converted into emotional wracks, more relations, more slaps in the face, and much more gaming experience.TEXT ABOVE IN SHORT- This game is one of the best games I have ever played- Gets really emotional (really really really emotional)- Drags you into the gameplay- You might cry like a little b*tch but thats nothing to worry about when playing this game- I can clearly say buy this game - you willnotregret it."
,Recommended,319630,18580944,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[T_ER] Everett The White Spider,"The best game I've ever played..I'm writin this, cryin, just after finished the last episode.And no: I'm not afraid to write this.I'm cryin like a child.Life Is Strange is a World of choices: Every action has a reaction.It teached me how to see everyone, everything I have, in a different way, different angle. Like a photograph.Many times we spent our days in a hurry way, Not payin attention to what we have.Someone who loves us, someone who cares about us.We often take everyone, everything, for granted.And it's wrong.LIS is a teacher more than a game.Its world, our world, has to be changed. We have to change.Seriously, buy it.It deserves it more than you expect.And choose wisely.Always."
,Recommended,319630,16587553,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lichiwena,1. buy life is strange2. find out you can rewind time3. try rewinding in real life4. realize u ain't sh*t5. cry6. play some more
,Recommended,319630,18606676,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,hawthorne007,I wish I could rewind and not play this game because it emotionally destroyed me and I am nothing but a broken hollow shell of the human being I was before playing it. 10/10 tho it was totally worth it.
,Recommended,319630,25409495,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 Arterius,"Totally worth your time 10/10I'll start from a piece of good advice:If you like this game you definitely have to check out The Butterfly Effect (2004) movie and vice versa.The whole idea of this game is based on Chaos theory and friendship of two BFF.DONTNOD Entertainment, developers of Remember Me put a big effort into this game.Soundtrack, environment and atmosphere, rich variety of dialogue options, detailes to almost everything, great script, amazing voice acting and many many more.I've played a lot of similar games based on choices&consequences and I can tell you - JUST ENJOY EACH MOMENT OF THIS GAME. Don't expect hundreds of different endings.""Always take the shot.""— Jefferson'Life is Strange' is Amazing"
,Not Recommended,319630,24459408,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Maritan,"Quite good until episode 5, which basically deletes all your progress and choices during the first 4 episodes, presenting you an ending with a binary choice.The story is cool, though."
,Recommended,319630,14246052,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,aeka,"""Don't you forget about me.""I never cried so hard about a game."
,Recommended,319630,15133231,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,καʟι вeαr 💍,"The one thing I really love about this game is that the options don't give the false illusion of choice. I feel like with a lot of games like this, no matter what you choose you'll get the same major outcome only slightly different. Often in this game every different option can cause an entire different outcome. Most notably in episode 2 whenit's actually possible to not save Kate.The story can be a bit melodramatic as you’re dealing with a bunch of private school teenagers and the dialogue can feel a bit forced but overall it draws you in and makes you want to know what is going to happen. Honestly can’t wait for the rest of the season to come out. The one thing I wish this game had was a lot more save slots since there’s so many different options and paths you can take. Overall 8/10. Will update when the rest of the episodes hit."
,Recommended,319630,15898415,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sir Englishman,"This game...is unique. That's all I can say. I have completed a review for each episode. All episode reviews are brief and have no spoilers. I'd like to address the reviews saying bad things because of lip-sync issues. Although this is not a lie, it does not affect any story if you're listening to their voices not watching their lips. This can also be expected as the developer is French, so they do not natively speak English.Episode 1: ChrysalisA great episode that introduces you to the mechanics and characters, giving you choices that do not really change the story in many ways. This eases you smoothly into the game I'm sure you will love and will be a favourite of your library.Overall a 8 out of 10 as of Episode 1: ChrysalisEpisode 2: Out if TimeIt starts to throw you into the rough water, forcing you to make harder choices, and the characters always make you feel guilty after you choose dramatic decisions. The ending is truly a challenge, and will require you to pick up tiny details of plot to decide which ending you receive.Overall a 9 out of 10 as of Episode 2: Out Of TimeEpisode 3: Chaos TheoryMy god... this game steps up the difficulty, stuffing harder choices into your already full arms, with a shocking plot detail at the end that will give you chills to the bone. It is a truly sad ending, and I can't wait to see what happens next. Gameplay still amazing.Overall a 10 out of 10 as of Episode 3: Chaos TheoryEpisode 4: Dark RoomMore of a cinematic episode, this episode has a huge plot twist at the end. A definite high point in the series. It gets you wondering how there could be another episode, then bam. A strike to the brain. Not as moving as some events in Episode 3, but still sad.Overall a 10 out of 10 as of Episode 4: Dark RoomEpisode 5: PolarizedOne of the most shocking and moving finales to a series, TV or games, as long as you choose the right ending. One ending is, in my opinion, disappointing. However, there are plenty of tear jerking moments between all different characters, with some Bioshock-Infinite-style segment. Events in this game are more dark than previous episodes. More emotions are added to the mix, like love, anger and confusion. A must buy!Overall a 10 out of 10 as of Episode 5: PolarizedI play @144fps on Highest Graphics Settings for best effect. Seriously recommended. My Build:i7-6700 4.0GHz Quad Core CPUGigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming 8G GPU32GB Kingston HyperX Fury 2166MHz RAMASUS H170 PRO GAMING MotherboardWestern Digital Blue 3TBAerocool P7-C1 CaseHyperX Cloud 2 Gaming HeadsetRazer Deathadder 2013 Edition MouseRazer Anansi KeyboardASUS VG248QE 144Hz 1ms LED MonitorI hope you enjoyed reading my review!"
,Recommended,319630,21903328,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Antwog,"Note: I deleted my initial review and have rewritten it.Life is Strange, developed by Dontnod Entertainment that contains five episodes, is a story-driven game dependant on choices of the player. This game is set in Arcardia Bay. You, the player, play as Maxine Caulfield, who is an aspiring photographer that has just been accepted into Blackwell Academy. This game in a nutshell, is just absolutely incredible. The many elements of artwork to the dialogue to the environment makes this a game that must be played. I will discuss the story, the artwork, the dialogue, sound and negatives of the game in a condensed review.The story of Life is Strange is phenomenal primarily due to the choices that the player has to make. These choices you decide twist the story completely that it makes things emotional within such a short playtime of the overall game. There are several stories in the game that there are several main stories, not just one, and there are an abundance of side missions that affect the main story. There are many games where side quests do not matter in relation to the main story. However, in this game you will know that the majority of your decisions will mean something in the end. For choices that do not overly matter, your choice is compared to all other players that have made decisions through percentages. This is quite comparable to The Walking Dead series by Telltale with the choices and what players globally chose. This game most importantly that I do commend the developers for is how important your choices matter for the end game. Here are minor spoilers but all your choices throughout the episodes culminate into various cutscenes in episode five that lead up to the final scene, therefore, I do love this aspect because it questions the players choices from decisions throughout all episodes. Also, little things like Maxines journals and texts on her phone added some context to the various stories occuring in the game, which I liked because it was such a little thing that mattered. Overall, the story is simple, relatable, and very effective. It captures the modern time of students going to College, well in some aspects.The artwork in this game is excellent. The artwork again is best compared to The Walking Dead series with sketch-based drawings. The artwork is just beautiful. All characters are distinct in their design and all are accompanied by various traits. This adds into the story of choices because all characters have different personalities, which add variety of dialogue and art. The artwork captures the emotions in characters depending on events that have happened in the game. For example, the diverse personalities of characters made a very emotional scene intensify as you had the bullies that did not overly care but showed some ounce of compassion while others were extremely sad. In other words, the artwork of characters captured their personalities with the various events in the game.The environment, scenery, and atmosphere are beautiful. Yes, I am overly commending this game but this game deserves all the praise it recieves. The environment is beautiful. All of the artwork complements the areas that the game progresses through. Visuals are expressed elegantly like the Tornado and Arcardia Bay, allowing the player to further invest themselves into the city and events happening.The soundtrack captures the essence of the game as it progresses. Small things like Maxine walking down the hall at school playing music from her phone to bigger things like the music when a major event occurs showcases the variety of severity in all decisions and events in the game. Alternatively, the soundtrack complements the environment and atmosphere.The voice acting is very strong. The voice acting fits the personalities of the characters and adds to the story. My only gripe is the lack of variety in voice tones with some characters. When there is a very emotional scene occuring, there would be minimal transition in a character's voice tone. That is only small but the voice acting for the most part was very good.There were very minor issues with the game. I experienced some rare unstable framerates with the FPS dropping from around 60-35, which would make the cutscene slightly unstable, but for the most part this was very minor.A side comment I will make. I posted a negative comment in the first review. I stated that in episode one I didn't like the basic nature of the game due to a lack in building in relationships. For example, I stated that my decisions on Kate did not affect her at all, such as defending her in a situation did not matter by the end of episode one. However, I will clarify that whatever decision I make throughout the game will pop up in some way or form, so decisions do matter - I want to emphasise this.Another negative in Life is Strange is the basicness of the game. For one, it is through the lack of builiding on relationships. As a player, I would have loved to know how much decisions impacted the story and what its relations on people were. For example, I defended Kate in her situations and was a good friend to her, but at the end of the game, it made no difference on my decisions affecting her. I felt this takes away from the game.Overall, this game is a masterpiece. Just an absolute great game with the overwhemingly positive story and the other aspects like artwork and the soundtrack that complement the story. Just exceptional and I highly recommend this game at full price. 10/10 for the full series.Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
76561197972370664,Not Recommended,319630,25967257,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"Let's talk about the consistency between episodes. In the first three, the storyline is ""real,"" as in everything is prosaic and relatable. You've never played a game, and rarely seen a movie, that captures a slice of life as accurately as this. The main characters are lower-middle class waitresses and security guards, the challenges are about relating to a changed friend you haven't seen in a long time, and the arcs involve friends and family who let you down. Tying it all together is a mystery that requires Hardy Boys-like sleuthing.Unfortunately, by Episode 4, they let go of their origins. Rather than hold onto what made the game special and unique, that it was grounded and not dramatized, they gave it. They filled it with lots of TV-drama drama, stupid reveals, and a slighly off ending.Worse, it slowly became more and more apparent that therewasno story. Initially, the game sets up some intriguing premises. What happened to the missing girl? Did she abandon a friend who overestimated their friendship? Will the two main characters stick together, or realize that they're not right for each other? What are the ulterior motives of the security guard, the wealthy family, and the rest of the students? And what's the ominous secret at the heart of the Vortex Club...Unfortunately, everything occurs pretty much as what seems face value in the first episode. The mystery is dull; most of the game is just confirming what you already suspect. Do you have to decide between three equally plausible villains? No. Does making choices between friends affect the outcome of the game? Not at all.And even the fun game mechanic, the ability to reverse time, is underused. At one point, you accidentally create an altered timeline, and all your relationships with your friends are different. Surely, this is the chance to learn something new about the protagonists and the characters and maybe some new clues to an expanding mystery? Nah. Do you get to make increasingly complicated decisions where you can explore the immediate outcomes and weigh which one you think is best? Not really.The true ending would have occured where they hinted all along -- ""The End of the World Party,"" which was introduced in the first episode, which is where all your student friends and enemies are. The true final choice would have been between going along with Chloe's crazy behavior and doing something bad, vs breaking the friendship and doing good. Truely compelling storytelling would have a plot that evolved and changed -- and a satisfying ending would have relied on the relationships you had built within the game for branched endings. (Even things you'd expect, like making a series of final decisions without time powers, doesn't materialize.)I mean, don't get me wrong. The writing is top-notch, the two main characters are great, and clever things abound. But I found myself irritated by the silliness of the 4th and 5th episodes, to the point where I couldn't really become engaged. I mean, seriously."
,Recommended,319630,14815208,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Captain Peanut,"One of the best games I have played in a long time.Great story.Music creates an atmosphere that grabs you into the game.The graphics are blurry at some places where there should be more detail, such as posters and pictures, but the art is still good. The animations could be improved so that mouth movements match with the voices, that bothers me.9/10"
,Not Recommended,319630,30196131,Posted: 26 February,all,tiny-al,"Honestly, a very disappointing game.Now don't get me wrong, I started this game when the first episode just came out and I loved it at the time. I waited for the new episodes with very high anticipation and episode 1-4 did not disappoint. The choices were heart wrenching at times and the characters really grew on me.See, I was reading actively in the fandom, talking to other fans of the game all day and since the first episode we were afraid of the game's ending. Most people I've talked to we were able to foresee what eventually became the game's ending options from the very start and god did we wish for them not to happen.The ending options demolish the entire game you've played, no matter which one you get. None of what you accomplished and did will matter. After finishing the game, I felt like I had essentially wasted my time, both as me and as Max, since I was not able to make a significant impact into the world or the people it contains. I could elaborate more on this, but it would lead so severe spoilers, so I will leave it at that.Now, I don't know if this can be considered a spoiler, but not a single choice you made through the entirety of episode 1-4 matters. The only impact those choises have are slight changes in dialogue and eventually the game ended up depending only on one, conscious (very lame) choice. Back in the day we had hopes for that kind of ending that is ""forced"" upon you, based on the choices you made during the entire game and we were very severely disappointed.On top of that one of the endings is clearly meant to be the ""true ending"", seeing as it had a very lengthy and well developed cutscene compared to the ~2 minutes the other ending was granted.Episode 5 single-handedly made me go from adoring the game above all ends to eventually hating it. The single choice that determines your ending isn't even the only problem this episode had.See Life Is Strange was a game that attracted many, many neurodivergent folks. It was a calming, beautiful game with a wonderful atmosphere and enticing characters. So then finally after an additional month of waiting time episode 5 finally came out, everyone was filled to the brim with excitement about what the closing entry to this beautiful game would be like. Before you even managed to get to the ending everything felt off.This is a bit of a spoiler, so be warned, but most of the last episode took place in a bizarre nightmare and felt completely different than the rest of the game. During the time the game came out, I was most likely suffering under an anxiety disorder and this game really gave me a spike in the anxiety. It was absolutely terrible to finish and made me feel genuinely horrible. Furthermore, the entire episode is basically not relevant to the plot at all, a good chunk of it is basically just a very slow, very boring flash back, and for a big part of the game I felt like the developers were merely trying to get more hours to that episode without really putting a lot of effort into it.To conclude, it was very disappointing to get that episode after an additional month of waiting time and it would have made everyone happier had they taken a little more time and effort for the final episode of the game and maybe listened to the fans a little bit more. During the time before the game came out, I read some very outstanding suggestions and predictions to the game's ending and other things that are not explained in the game, such as the origin of Max's powers, all things that outclassed the eventual canon ending by far.I can't deny that the first four episodes of the game were absolutely brilliant, but the harsh disappointment of the last episode was what sadly ruined the entire game for me."
,Recommended,319630,21471859,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Raptorz,Best game ever!
,Recommended,319630,14298376,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,RariKendelty,"[SPOILER-FREE]""This has been a hell of a day...""I don't know if it's enough to say this game BLEW MY MIND(And heart too *sob*) and instantly made me care for the characters and world from the very beggining.Since this is an episodic a-la Telltale kind of game this review will change, add or remain altered when some or all episodes are out.GENERAL OVERVIEWArt style is really good, almost everything is drawn by hand, that means textures, photos, character models, environment, cars, ect...Voice acting is spot-on, really liked all the voices, Maxine is supposed to be a geeky, shy girl and Chloe supposed to be the punk and act-first and talk later kind of girl so they got that alright.Graphics are kinda plastic-looking but once you get accustomed to the art style it'll be pleasing to eye, since you don't get this kind of games often.Music is an instant favorite IMO, obviously the choice of music here was not an after-thought, each track had its spot in every key-scene, so i guess every episode will be like this way, can't wait to hear more!Story is very compelling and leaves you grasping for more each time you clear an area.EPISODE 1: CHRYSALIS OVERVIEWStarted off kind of cheesy but easily picked up in the long run, you could expect to see a improvement after the first 10 minutes or so.Music choice here was frickin' bad♥♥♥♥♥and completed every key-scene, i remember hanging around just to hear moreIntroduction to the game mechanics was good, hope that rewinding will become a major asset in the later episodesNO QTEs YESSSSSS, oh god i hated TellTale games just for this reason, that's their(TellTale) way to say ""Ph, you want interactivity, well here's a button so easy to catch and press you could tie yourself on the ceiling and still press it with 80 hours left""EPISODE 2: OUT OF TIME OVERVIEWLike the first episode it gripped me right from the start, starting from the awesome music, so a plus to that :DStory gets thicker and thicker and keeps you wondering what the hell will happen nextDecision-making really, really surprised me in this episode, every little thing mattered, and it played a role on the major decisions in one way or anotherCharacter development is going hyper uphill and it makes you care for every characterToo bad for lip-synching, developers said they cannot make something about it, it's really a minor detail but it would've been nice to have it fixed"
,Recommended,319630,18591010,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GOC,A fantastic game! Utterly fantastic.
,Recommended,319630,30313716,Posted: 4 March,all,[WB] Divuar,"I was a bit sceptic about the plot in the times when the game was announced. All this teenager stuff, like high school, bullying e.t.c., but I was really excited about how the time rewinding mechanics would be implied and that's why I gave a chence to Life is Strange.And now I'm totally satisfied. It's been a long time since I had this awesome aftertaste after a video game. The story really starts as a teenager drama but it evolves with each episode. The sloser you get towards the ending, the more crazy and dramatic stuff happens. The game becomes more mature with each secons, just like its characters do to. It's a great and epic story about friendship, becoming an adult and choices & concequences.I don't want to tell anything about the gameplay or technical part, because the game looks great (it has stylized graphics but I like such things. Bioshock, for example, worked great with it's stylized graphics) and is played even greater. It's one of few games I completed with a gamepad (I actually don't like gamepads and prefer mouse+keyboard).If you like beautifully crafted stories in gaming, or like interactive movie / adventure games, this one is absolutely a must.If you don't, Life is Strange is still a must-play. It's one of the most exciting gaming experiences recently."
,Recommended,319630,28322069,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Freshetables,"An emotional journey in the modern breed of the click-and-point adventure game genre.Life Is Strange boasts:+ A huge, extremely detailed world that will literally make you want to click on EVERYTHING+ An interesting game mechanicthat honestly should never be in the hands of a high school student+ A somewhat nerdy-sounding (yet loveable protagonist) in MaxThis game literally had us screaming at the screen at times for the decisions we had to make.8.53/10"
,Recommended,319630,29932332,Posted: 14 February,all,Ninesto,"Sometimes in the gaming world, the right people work on the right game at the right time making the right decisions. This is one of those games.Life Is Strange is a perfect storm of gaming elements that all come together to create an immersive masterpiece. The story, atmospherics, camera movements, transitions, pastel like graphics, amazing colors, incredible music, and 2nd to none voice-overs bring the world and characters to life.This game accomplishes what so many movies and games out there lack these days, that is substance, substance that allows one to form an emotional bond with the characters, an aspect of this game that is so important because it is a choice driven experience. Add to that some pretty great sci-fi themes and pop culture references, and this game is pretty much as perfect as it gets for its genre.Life Is Strange -  a truly touching and enjoyable experience."
76561198072394976,Recommended,319630,14388534,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BioHazard,"****************----------UPDATE-----------******************This game is one of the best storybased games that i ever played. You should pick it up.Episode one was a nice entering into Arcadia Bay town, Blackwell etc.Episode two came with impulse which has a power to turn even a dead man to alive.Episode three as the title says ""Chaos Theory"" yea it is all about that scientific fact in the core, but dont worry dont expect any of NASA or Area 51 stories.Episode four .... wow that take the air out of my lungs i cant breath after this it is so amazing that all 3 parts before this are nothing compared to this."
,Recommended,319630,15931133,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,goatesque_,"It's very common for games to claim that your actions or choices matter when they actually don't. However this game is very worth playing as your actions matter a whole lot, affecting the way the rest of the gameplay rolls out - it's essentially tailored to suit you.What I love about this game is the fact that the story is very appealing - without spoiling anything it carries time travel along with a theme of mystery, with each episode ending in a way that leave you wanting more immediately.For me, each episode so far (Episode 1-3) has been around 2 to 3 hours long.+Mystery-filled story+Amazing soundtrack+Your choices actually mean something+The addition of a 'collectibles mode' is just great+Great characters (yes, even Victoria)-Episodes could have been a tad longer-Some moments are very stressful-Max's reactions/observations can be embarrasingly tacky-"
,Recommended,319630,19343495,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ceaseless Duality,"Life is Strange is about two teenagers, Max and Chloe, who were childhood friends, coming together to solve a mystery. A girl named Rachel Amber has gone missing and Chloe is the most determined person in Arcadia Bay to find her. Meanwhile, Max keeps having visions of a tornado destroying Arcadia Bay and she also discovers that she has the power to rewind time and change actions/outcomes.The game mechanics involve exploring various settings and making important decisions that affect the game's story. The graphics are awesome and many times very beautiful.  The soundtrack was fitting, as it features many indie music groups and artists, and Max attends Blackwell Academy, which is an prestigious art and science school.I really enjoyed seeing diversity in this game. There were some people of color. I, personally, would've liked to have seen more than just a few people of color, but at least it isn't a completely whitewashed game. There were a few overweight characters, which is definitely a rarity. Usually, everyone is thin and ""perfect""-looking unless they're a villain or comic relief character. Then, of course, there's the same-sex undertone between Max and Chloe, and also Chloe and Rachel.Game Analysis (MAJOR SPOILERS):As you come to find out at the end of Episode 4, Mr. Jefferson is the main villain. He's been kidnapping young women and using them against their will for his vision of ""innocence"" in his photography. There are a few clues that could've led you to that conclusion earlier. In his lecture, during Episode 1, he talks about taking any one of his students and capturing them in a moment of vulnerability. In Episode 2, the biggest clue is the binders with women's names on them. There are several of them. But we only know about Rachel Amber's disappearance. This means that whoever is responsible for Rachel Amber's disappearance and Kate Marsh's blackout experience has to be someone new to Arcadia Bay. Max later confirms that the only missing people reports filed recently have to do with Rachel Amber, so where are those other girls from? They couldn't be from Arcadia Bay. As the game mentions, Mr. Jefferson only recently became a faculty member at Blackwell Academy.As we find out in Episode 4, Rachel Amber was murdered. My guess is that Max gets her rewind powers from Rachel Amber's spirit, who is represented by the doe. The thing that really convinces me of this is how the doe shows up in the foreground when Chloe and Max discover Rachel's body. The doe also had appeared at the very beginning of the game, when Max is trekking through the storm to the lighthouse, and leads her through it.I think the game developers had fun ""trolling"" the Gamergate community. There are several instances of terminology being used that Gamergate members would use. Daniel has a shirt that has a fedora-wearing neck-beard man who says ""m'lady"" ironically. There's a poster on Warren's dorm room door that (probably) Nathan put there with terms like, ""beta phag"" on it. Later on, Warren talks about being ""alpha"" and not a ""beta nerd."" Then, in the nightmare world, Warren refers to himself as a ""white knight."" I guess this is what Gamergate gets for flipping out over two female main characters.So ... the endings. Well, I have to agree with the majority. I was a little disappointed with the endings. While the developers have stated that there is no canon ending, I must say that I do think there is an ending they prefer to be canon. I think they want the player to sacrifice Chloe. The ""sacrifice Chloe"" choice leads to a much longer, detailed ending. The ""sacrifice Arcadia Bay"" choice leads to a very short guilt trip scene of Max and Chloe driving through the destroyed town. Speaking of guilt tripping, in the nightmare sequence, there's the last part where it's the diner filled with Arcadia Bay inhabitants who are begging Max to not let them die. To me, the message of this game was ""one can be sacrificed for the greater good"" even though by that logic, Chloe deserves to die and I don't agree with that at all.Regardless of flaws though, I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys story-rich games and choices that affect the game's story."
,Recommended,319630,32755944,Posted: 24 June,all,.afterλifer,• Bat Max• Mad Max• Super Max• Max Factor• Rabbi Max• Noir Angel• Max Power• The Blackwell Ninja• Max the Quiet Wallflower• Max the Magician• Max the Hacker• Max the Time Bandit• Heisenberg of Blackwell• Maxwell Silver Hammer• MaxGyver• Maximus• Maxster• Maximum Overdrive• Moral Max• Mahatma Max• Doctor Max• Doctor Caulfield• Dr. Maxstein• Maxwell Smart• The Mysterious Max• The Amazing Spider-Max• Lieutenant Caulfield• Mass Max• King Max• Human Time• MachineTime Warrior• Max Warhol• Dуke• Femimazi• Max Cоckfield• Max Crаckfield• Max Selfie• Selfie Whоre• Hippie• Mystic Max• Smartass• Maxi-Pad• Little Miss Wallflower• Unabomber¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯Solid 10/10Game of the century
,Recommended,319630,28823638,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lil mop,Seriously one of the best games I've ever played and maybe the best game I've played in 2016. The story is so great and the characters have a lot of depth.
,Recommended,319630,28708208,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ArtyomGR,"The ability to make you feel is the true sign of a game, movie, or story with great writing and this game has that in spades. Life is Strange over the course of the 5 episodes had me laughing, crying, and, at times, panicking, all over fictional characters who I had only known for a few hours. To say that is incredible is an understatement.It's very rare to find myself so invested in a story that I begin to respond, out loud, to different events taking place. For those looking for a game with ridiculous fight scenes or different ways to level up, this is not for you.However, if you want to sit down and listen to a great story and have your heart broken and put back together over and over again, this is the perfect game for you.I hope this game will be remembered as one of the greats."
,Recommended,319630,28765102,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Stickan,Tears will be shed :(
,Recommended,319630,17263792,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Aihe,would rewind and buy it again and again.even if it's damn useless.and dumb.10/10
,Recommended,319630,14288000,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Black Heart Goddess,"This game has potential to become a modern day classic. Interesting characters, great graphics and an engaging plot. The soundtrack is amazing and has a folky feel about it, which goes well with the game. Sure, the game can improve by fixing the lip sync, but, that is a pretty minor problem. Also, its a bit slow at first, but, I have no doubt it will pick up in the rest of the episodes. Overall, a great experience. 9/10."
,Recommended,319630,15726754,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Vollach,"Life Is Strange is easily one of the best story driven adventure I've seen in recent years, throughout the game the choices and consequences system works really well as it effects how your story progresses.As for the Finale, Episode 5, it is a good addition to the rest of the episode but it also feels like it takes all the choices that been made before and throw them out the window, that said, I've only played Episode 5 once and haven't seen what different choices do, especially the outcome of the final choice so I'll defer from real judgement for the time being.Overall, LiS is an awesome game which I recommend very much to adventure gamers, new & old.I enjoyed it very much."
,Recommended,319630,28723632,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,EmP,"Life Is Strange tells loosely the story of Max, a socially awkward teenager in her first year of college who has ambitions of becoming a photographer. To this end, she moves back to the town she left some four years ago, to attend a university with a famous photographer teacher on staff. Here, she experiences typical teenage girl in college drama; she’s a little too introverted to be part of the cool crowd, so she carves a quiet corner for herself among the hipsters and the nerds. She’s more or less unnoticed, save for the odd bout of casual bullying, but tells herself that she’s mostly okay with wandering the tightly packed corridors of her school without her peers paying her much heed. Her biggest concerns are what she plans to do about her coursework and what music she should play next on her MP3 player. That’s until she wanders into the bathroom, watches a girl get shot and discovers that she has the ability to rewind time.This unexpected discovery completely shapes Life Is Strange on every level. Max now has the power to spin back time and stop the girl from copping a bullet to the gut. But she can also use it for more mundane things. If she’s embarrassed that she can’t answer a question in her art lecture, she can just wait for a more well-informed student to give the correct response, jump back in time and give that answer herself. The game’s quick to let you get used to this feeling of invulnerability; you can test out all the available replies to any conversation and, if you don’t like where it’s going, rewind and try again. Or even learn a little more about the topic, then spin back and pick an entirely new response. With the really hard questions that you know are going to eventually start creeping into the plot, being able to explore all the verbal pathways to see how they turn out is empowering. It constantly feels like you’re hedging your bets; going into each choice significantly more informed than perhaps you should be.So, when the game suddenly takes that ability away from you at key points, the simple act of making a choice suddenly feels like a mammoth pitfall. Perhaps representing the apex of Life Is Strange, the end of the second episode does just that, robbing you of your ability to feel out conversations and forcing you to slowly plot out your own course. It’s significant, because for the first time since the fated trip to the bathroom, there’s more at stake than just your social or academic standing. And there’s a very clear difference between success and failure. Not getting this right will prove to have far reaching consequences until the end of the game.Full Review //http://www.honestgamers.com/13225/pc/life-is-strange/review.html"
,Recommended,319630,21164601,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,trinarawlins,Best money I've ever spent on a game !!
76561198067273579,Recommended,319630,22079385,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Clones8me,My parents divorce didn't ♥♥♥♥ me up as much as this game did.
,Recommended,319630,20345885,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mr. Walkway,"It's been over a week since I finished this game.  I wanted to write a review as soon as I finished it, but I couldn't think of what to say.  I still can't... but I can't let this space remain blank any more, so I'm going to wing it.This is one of the greatest games I've ever played, and by far the best in its category.  No other piece of media has had this strong of an emotional effect on me, bar none.  I haven't been able to stop thinking about it, listening to the soundtrack, and watching videos.  I'm not ashamed to admit I've cried several timessinceI finished it.If you're on this page you must have at least a little interest in this game...Buy it now.  YouHAVEto play this."
,Recommended,319630,19686861,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,AngryWolf,"One of those exceptionally great games where the story was where it truly shined, and the only thing that mattered to me. Okay, not really, I liked the girls too (hey I am a man, okay?), and being able to play the game from a girl's perspective, once for the obvious curiosity towards girls (okay I'll stop now, I promise!), but most importantly for seeing how cruel people can be to women, for that it tells a great story. Okay I said that already, and sure you'd say, ""I've already seen a lot of movies like that already, so what's new?"" But for once, this game takes things to the level where movies fail, besides, you still won't know everything you need to even when I add time travel or turning back time into the mix, which I love too by the way... I wish sometimes girls had that power or any other in real life too, especially after this game. Actually by playing as a girl and see the world from her angle, you would see how right I am. This game is a message, a good one. It's nothing sort of a usual ""thriller movie,"" and in case you're wondering why the game starts with a big warning that you should stop playing the game something mental should happen to you (I was never really given time to read that text entirely), I don't believe in that stuff. The game is there for entertainment, and at the same time teaching you about real life, making this game a masterpiece with that so well working recipe. You just have to see the dark side of the world, in order to understand it. I believe these stuff happen anyway, and I think this game could help the next generation think twice before hurting girls. So that warning text should not stop you. Scary, or cruel, it's by far the best life simulator I've ever seen, although I'm not here to look down on Sims... Take it as an educational lesson of life. One that is well worth spending your time on. Finally, once a game that is not just about you doing nothing but increasing your chances of getting worse school grades. Yet it's nowhere near as boring as simulators like Arma. (Sorry, I had to make a comparison here.) Plus, solving puzzles is not only fun, it also makes you smarter. The game creators have set an outstanding example on how to create a great one.Having said that, I have to say the graphics are great too, they add to the authenticity of the story, and man, have I ever got disappointed in a game using the Unreal Engine? Not ever. :) Play this game with a big enough monitor, a 5.1 sound system, and you are ready to take in a valuable experience. One that I am pretty sure you won't forget. :) So enjoy!Edit: I left out some details intentionally, because I didn't want to tell the ending."
76561198089052394,Recommended,319630,20774407,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Life Is Strange			* 10/10I was writing my review while I was playing. But now that I've finished it I have to rewrite it. This game is... I can't find the right words so I'm sure it's not going to come out the way it deserves. You can't understand what does this game represent until you play it. The first thing I can think of is this game is a lesson. In many ways, for the story of course, a simple premise for a great and intricated journey but because of this, most importantly, this game is a lesson to the gaming community. How? Dontnod entertainment used the Unreal Engine to develop the game, but there are not high polycount models, high-res tetures or else. The gameplay is rather simple than innovative, as this game is essentially a 3rd person view adventure where you can interact with other characters or objects with your mouse in a style that somehow reminds me of ""the Coin"" used in Monkey Island 3. Then what is this game all about? The story. That's all. And Even the premise of the game is quite simple but it's how they worked from there, the things we do, places we see, people we talk to. The story, the journey, the people are the true core of the game and it elevates this title on its own. So this is the lesson, no astonishing graphics, no innovative gameplay, just a story that goes deep in our mind. Maybe even our conscence because we must make our choice with the characters ingame and they always have consequences. But back to the story it's not just what happens and what we do but also how it is shown to us, the players: Dontnod have proven to have incredible directing skills, something incredibly rare to see in a game. But... enough talk.+++PROs+++STORY.The context doesn't shine for originality: A girl for appearently no reason realizes she has the power to rewind time while assisting to the murder of another girl in the school bathroom. So why is the story in the pro list? Many reasons. I don't want to spoil anything at all as the core of the game is the story itself, but I can say that even if the premise is simple it's all about the journey, th emotions, the characters, the dialogues and relationship with the characters, which through all these aspects offer such a dense experience that I've rarely seen. Another important side of the story is the way it's told, the way it is represented and how it develops. Its episodic structure. It works like a TV series because the story perfectly fits the game as the storytelling takes the end of the episode to surprise or shock the player in a way that wouldn't work in a non episodic game. Then you NEED to know more. I've been playing an episode per day and it was difficult to concentrate at work without thinking about what happened in the last episode and what the hell was going to happen in the new one... XD. Many people were disappointed by the 5th episode considering it the least charming chapter of the game. I totally disagree. Sure I think the 3rd episode is the best, but yet I really find the 5th chapter a great and incredible twisted final episode that perfectly serves for the end of the game. And about the endings I liked them but I believe the game and its story is about the journey, not the destination...DIALOGUES.An important aspect of the game, are dialogues. They are so genuine. There's no way you could think something like ""she can't have said that, that's ridiculous"". No. Here's everything credible and, according to the young college context, they obviously speak slang. Luckily it's Nothing incomprehensible (english is not my native language, yet I know enough to clearly understand almost everything) and it helps keeping the dialogues genuine. Another important thing: voices. I definitely loved the interpretations and the voices themselves, especially Chloe's and Max's. Simply Great.MORAL CHOICES.Within dialogues you get to choose what to say, and most of the time this has consequences on your future actions (NOT ENDINGS). And this is a very interesting system because even if it doesn't twist your story it surely makes it very different from one another because your actions cam make your tasks easier or more difficult to achieve.GRAPHICS.Once again the guys at Dontnod make a good use of the Unreal Engine. Sounds good, but in this case it's not about hi-res textures or high polycount models. That's not what you're going to see ( and I think it's quite odd considering The good job done with Remember Me), but it's about the colours, the settings and the art style. Everything is planned and built to reflect the teenage atmosphere, so the objects interactions popups are merely pencil-drawn, your menu is a diary where Max writes down everything in a very youngish and funny way, you can see the Messages from family and friends on your mobile, files of your friends or acquaintances and you can see the photos you take.DIRECTION.Another game with a great direction, what can I say... Many scenes with dynamic shootings, everything accompanied by fitting melodies or music which are not some nice choices but melodies that perfectly fit very intense and particular moments, or the everyday school routine resulting in a perfect combination. A job really well done.---CONs---DIFFICULTY.You can see it any way you want but, even though it didn't ruin my experience with the game, I solved the riddles without much trouble. Even though things got more elaborated with the latest 3 chapters.DIALOGUES.In dialogues the choices presented aren't always really clear as they're always summarized with a couple of words. Sometimes I had to guess and rewind because I totally misunderstood the intentions behind ""I'm sorry"" or other situations like that."
76561198029657903,Recommended,319630,20155972,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RM1985,"I just finished the game about 30 minutes ago and now want to write my review, even though I'm still emotionally agitated.I think this was the best game I have ever played, because I'm still shaking. And you all can tell, cause the best games are those, who touch us and make us cry, not just make us laugh and entertain, the true masterpieces get right under our skin, straight into our hearts!I don't even know where to start, maybe the graphics first. Optically, the game is already a beauty with its mix of realistic and comic-art graphics, the colors, the lighting and just everything, it looks so beautiful, although this is not the most important aspect of the game.Because the most important thing about a great game is the story! And this game has maybe the greatest storytelling I have ever witnessed. You'll get thrilled from the very first minute and the journey gets more and more emotional and touching the further you get. And I can ensure you, that you will spill some tears over this story, tears of joy as well as tears of sadness, this game is just so intense, you almost can't find the words to describe it. There are so many different and difficult decisions to make, that you really have to think about them, since they more or less influence the outcome of the whole story. And some of them are really tough to make. Some decisions make you laugh, some make you angry and some even make you cry! And the story also has some big twist in store. Were partly shocking to me.Life is Strange features also a nice Indie-soundtrack, that really fits into, cause it accompanies you and even contributes to thrill and touch you throughout the whole storyline.And at a price of just 20 bucks for all 5 episodes (when not on sale) this is a true bargain, considering how much you get.I honestly didn't expect the game to be so emotional and thrilling, even though I heard it is really good, but ""really good""  is the biggest understatement, that you could ever make about this masterpiece! After over 21 hours of playtime I finished this emotional journey and I'm also a bit sad, I wished, this game would last forever. But I think I will start replaying it tonight, since there are so many decisions I haven't picked yet, where I can see how the story changes and I'm really looking forward to it. There are not many games, who you want to replay right after you finished them! But this is one of the few and probably the best game ever made (already mentioned). And I really hope there will be a 2nd part of Life is Strange, cause I can't wait to dive into this world again. Until next time!"
,Recommended,319630,15322607,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Phil',"The game has, so far, been giving of a really cozy feel with the very likeable and realistic characters. It's nice to to be able to really interact with so many of the characters in-game.You play as Max Caulfield, your regular teenager, until she finds out that she can rewind time. She recently moved back to her hometown 'Arcadia Bay' to study at Blackwell Academy. Right after she discovers her power to rewind time she is also reunited with her childhood friend Chloe Price. Max keeps having these visions of a huge storm coming to and destroying Arcadia Bay.Visuals, environment:I really love the environment of Life is strange. The school campus, the lighthouse, Chloe's house.It really just looks... casual, in a really good way. What makes this a super cozy game to me is the way the creators use the sun to just make every scene so beautiful with the visible sun rays (Not sure if this is what it's called...).The graphics doesnt have to be requiring a GTX 980 to be good. Life is strange proves that. The game is ridiculously good looking without having those ""super sick"" graphics.  I don't really know how to describe how much I love the visuals.Visual and environment rating: 10/10 The beautiful scenes are what makes it for me.Voice acting:The game has a lot of good voice actors, but sometimes the dialogue between the characters can sound pretty awkward.At some times I just don't buy it. At least the voice acting in episode 2 gets a lot better. Overall, I still think it's good.The mouths not syncing with the voices adds to my rating here.Voice acting rating: 7,5/10Soundtrack and BGM:The soundtrack in Life is strange is perfect as it is very ""calming"" and adds to the cozy feel of playing as a regular teenager. The music itself always seem to fit in with the environment you find yourself in.  I've been listening to the soundtrack non-stop since I played through the first episode.Soundtrack rating: 9.5/10, as I really love it.Story:It has really just been a lot of introduction to the story so far and we haven't really gotten that much into it. But there is a storm coming and a lot to unravel.Story rating (thus far): 8/10, I'll get back to this rating when I've finished the game.In Life is Strange, your choices matter. It's a really cozy game and I like how easy it is to bond with the characters. I actually started caring a lot about them.Overall score: 9/10, again, I'll come back to give it a final rating when I'm done with all the episodes. But even so far, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,14248039,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[KR]Silvio Rodriguez,"Well, I just finished episode one, so this review will at start ONLY give my views on the first episode.What is ""Life is Strange""? Well, I would say Life is Strange is an story driven adventure game alá Telltale Game.Is that it? No, that's the thing, it isn't. If it was I might have called these guys ""copycats"" but that wouldn't really have been fair, since I do not call Call of Duty copycats of Battlefield or the other way around.But to return to the subject, it isn't a Telltale Games clone in that way that it actually has game play.Telltale Games are famous for letting the player draw his or her own story by choosing different paths, and sometimes some easier puzzles (At least in The Walking Dead S1) This game has that, and a little more. This first episode has more puzzles than a whole season of Telltale Games, sure they aren't hard to do, but... The way you are doing them, that's the interesting way.As you probably know, this game is about a girl, her name is Max and she's 18 years old, she just started going to this high-school which name I've unfortunately already forgot. It was something typical American. However, she discovers very early in the game that she can timetravel, at least a few seconds. This time-traveling is the main focus of the puzzles in Episode 1. You want to do something, you try to do something, you fail, you rewind time, see what's going on, change what you did earlier, and ta-da success!Unfortunately this time-travel option is not available, but only when the game want it to be, which at times are a bit frustrating. I was at the time of playing talking about the game with a friend who became very interested when a certain scene happened in the game, so I said I could show him with the Steam-stream, however I wasn't able to turn back the clock at that time. Nothing big but I just wanted to state that.How is the atmosphere of the game? Does it fit an 18 year old girls mind? Well, in a stereotypical way, yes. Do I like it? Yes. It fits perfectly to Max and her surrounding. The music is great, the art style of the game is beautiful. Not perfect though. There are quite a few graphical glitches and the faces seem... a bit... lifeless at time. But Life is Strange eh? ;)One thing that did surprise me quite a lot was the length of the episode. Used to playing Telltale Games I thought this would be like... 1.5 - 2.5 hours at most. I spent a bit over 4 hours playing this game! I wanted to explore everything! Get to know everyone. Unfortunately I didn't even get that chance! The episode is taking your through different areas of the campus and some other places, but there are loading times between these areas, and if you enter ""Area 2"" from ""Area 1"" and you have something to do in ""Area 2"" you can't return to ""Area 1"", it simply tells you ""I can't leave yet"" or a similar message.This was quite sad because I didn't explore ""Area 1"" fully, I missed a lot of photography possibilities, yes you can actually take pictures of things. (Only things the game wants you to take pictures of though, and there are achievements) So not only did I miss these things, but I also missed achievements. (Not that important though, I just wanted you to know)Now I talked about quite a lot of things, but haven't really mentioned the story, except the whole time-travelling thing, which by itself is big thing but the story is more than this. A girl has gone missing, which is made known by all the ""Missing person"" papers everywhere, and this made me think the whole story has something to do with her, she is mentioned more and more often while the time is passing, so I guess there is something mysterious going on around her.Either way I can't wait for the next episode! Which apparently will come in March 2015. I highly recommend this to any adventure game player."
,Recommended,319630,14241535,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Radeo,This game makes me cry :((9/10 would cry :'(
,Recommended,319630,28470317,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CyberPwn,One ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game. It will make you extremely depressed though...
,Recommended,319630,19540208,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"Finished the game a hour ago and let it all sink in.I was really impressed by the art and the story is great.The 'time' twist is worked out very well.For all of this I would say the game is a great ride.I know it's not always fair to compare but I know I really appreciate that kind of reviews from gamers so I know what I'm getting into. I didn't want to have missed this game but when you don't have much money to spend and you've got to make choices...........start with a few Telltale games. (Unless you're a teenage girl or a young adolescent woman...you'll totally dig Life is Strange). But for you guys out there!1. Tales from the Borderlands (Telltale)2. The Walking Dead (season I) (Telltale)3. The Walking Dead (season 2) (Telltale)4. Game of Thrones (Telltale)5. Life is Strange6. The Wolf Among Us (Telltale)Telltale has more pace in his games and more 'balls' even when you 'play' a female role.But then again, Life is Strange has tons of beautiful art and everyone with a heart will like the story.And the influence your choices are making are bigger in this one than any Telltale game.But my advice would be the above."
,Recommended,319630,18262088,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,PAULsandwich,I'm totally hooked and seriously in love with this very well-made game. There are lots of scenes that will surely melt your heart. It includes heavy drama that will definitely get you involved. This is a major break from action/horror/survival games that I play. Get this masterpiece and I'm sure you're gonna love it. It's a must buy. 10/10
76561198191927889,Recommended,319630,22744134,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CoreyTaylor(515),"Oh my gosh, this is a masterpiece of a game. The storyline is just brilliant and hits you where it hurts at the right time. If you like really deep storylines, amazing characters, time travel, everyday life scenarios being altered and all that, plus a chance of emotions coming in, then do me a favour and buy this and all 5 episodes and you'll see what I mean. 10/10 for entire game."
,Recommended,319630,23834633,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gelaro,It's the best game in my life!! My score 10/10The actions in this game will have change the different consequences in story.You can create your way and very realize the game story!What are you waiting for? Buy it and enjoy the best story game!
76561198131123840,Recommended,319630,25415663,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Harley Quinn,:')': TOO MANY FEELS.
,Recommended,319630,16875507,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ye - Skinhub.com,"My Review Of Life Is Strange™ By Uivo(Will be possibly be updated when episodes 4-5 are released and completed)To be honest, I think this game is by far, one ofTHEbest games i've played this year (so far).Life Is Strange™ has such an amazing story that even gives Telltale Games a run for their money.This game is better then anything Telltale Games has ever done. After playing the first episode I was dying for more as the story had me hooked quicker than any of Telltale's games had ever done and realised i still had two episodes to go through. Now for a list Of Pros and Cons for Life Is Strange™Pros++VERYemotional and sad storyline (That leaves you wanting a whole lot more)+Interesting characters that you feel for, and ones that make you just want to kick their♥♥♥♥♥+Beautiful hand-painted visuals+Cool interaction feature+Actions that actually have consequences when they are performed (Unlike Telltale)+Nice, Calming soundtrack+Interesting rewind mechanic that builds the story and world around youCons--Terrible, Terrible Lip SyncIn conclusion, Life Is Strange™ is a game every steam user should own, no questions asked, even if you don't like these kinds of games, the story could, would and should have you hooked right from the get-go. Life Is Strange™, quite possibly, is my GOTY already.I give it 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,20579130,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,David0vić,"My GOTY for 2015 and one of my favourite games of all time. I adore this game to bits and love all 5 episodes that came out equally. Some of the best characters, writing and storytelling i have seen in a game. The concept is not original but its execution is. I can't praise it enough it destroys anything that telltale has released in every aspect imo.10/10 (Masterpiece)"
,Recommended,319630,25366096,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gab,One of the best story-themed games I've ever played. Seriously so good!
,Recommended,319630,18593435,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"7/10.Pros- Interesting story overall, with some nice plot twists.- Unique ""rewind time"" mechanic to try different choices.- Great music- Decent graphics that make the game feel like a paintingCons- Very few good puzzles. Many of them feel like filler and are just annoying.- Bad lip-syncing.- In the end, it is a pretty linear game"
,Recommended,319630,19382936,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,hzhang7,如果写作课的论文或者哲学课可以引用life is strange 我能默默的留着眼泪 写完6页的论文
,Recommended,319630,26844811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BRIAN_BICEPS,"WHAT COULD BE BETTER THAN THAT?Absolutely the best game I have ever played so much emotion, that tears and laughter in some scenes,I can say that this game made me a part of me sane.This is literally one of the best games I've played in my entire life.+Story 10/10+Music 10/10+Awesome characters 10/10+Dialogs 10/10+Graphic (the game looks damn pretty) 10/10+Best episodic adventure game out there 10/10-Nothing found"
76561198153286021,Not Recommended,319630,32474054,Posted: 16 June,all,TheXEffect,"In the end your choices dont really matter, it's only the last choice in the final ep that really does. So in that way it felt like a huge waste of time. I just love making everyone happy and I detest having my choices limited when a bit of creativity and problem solving really could have created a better ending. Bittersweet does not equal realistic. It's also kind of trippy the way it tries to subconsiously tell you that altering reality to suit your will is bad but if this really was the main theme it would have been better to explore the concept of making the best out of what you have - fixing your mistakes without rewinding time etc, but instead it just skips all that and pretty much erases all your past choices too. Long story short I feel neither entertained nor edified. 3/10"
,Recommended,319630,18587764,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kodylex,Life Is Strange™ is a very beautiful and emotional trip that represents a very realistic interpretation of the Chaos Theory in the drama highschool life of a young and innocent photographer.All five episodes remind you of the importance and value of friendship until the very end. where you may discover the ultimate way of expressing it. Truly a unique and memorable game.
,Recommended,319630,18607046,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,r4m3,"Hey, Telltale, get down on your knees and take notes from creators of Life is Strange how to actually make a good game.It's not perfect, but still very good, worth every cent of it's full price.I can't say I haven't expected how it will endand who's the evil one, but still I'm impressed.Although I'm not teenager anymore  this game made me to actually somewhat care about characters and teenage-drama, while in both Walking Dead games I just tried to kill Clementine..A big round of applause for the music in the game, very veeeery good.Overall for me it's 8+/10, in this year beaten only by masterpiece called Witcher 3.If you have 19,99€ lying in your wallet don't even hesitate, get it, get in now."
76561198019964935,Not Recommended,319630,31808337,Posted: 17 May,all,Yglika,"It is somewhat unfair to give this game 'negative' mark but I have to do it as there is no 'neutral one' unfortunately and... in the end this feels to me rather like a huge 'missed opportunity' than an 'excellent' product. It is not a bad game though and when I started to play it I was extremely enthusiastic about it, for some time even thinking this might be one of the best games I've ever played. Sadly... as it progressed further, a lot of smaller details started to appear at the surface, sending it to mediocre at best and giving somewhat sore feeling in the mouth, especially as the last episode concluded.The reasons follow but... First the good stuff, the game still has a lot of it and deserves it to be mentioned:- Life Is Strange is practically an interactive visual novel (which I love) with some adventure game aspects in it but they are so easy that they're in fact refreshing from just your reading and making your decisions what you will do most of the time. And so... not overly intrusive or frustrating as a typical adventure game can be. A good mix in the end, and at least I - as an interactive VN novels fan - enjoyed it.- The story has twists and the concept of time rewinding is the interesting spice to its discovery from all angles as well. The game keeps you wondering 'what will happen next' and that's definitely a good sign.- A female protagonist. We can never have enough of those.- Tough moral choices. I love games having them (though unfortunately - as you will see soon - they are also the greatest 'let down' in this one)- The protagonist has the superpower (and does not even lose it at the end as some silly games often think is a poetic ending :-P). I don't like being an 'average Joe/Sara' in games, I have enough of that in rl ;-)) I want to be someone who has an edge by what he or she is and _wins_ thanks to that!But... alas... now the bad things:1) While I can make some evil choices I cannot form the personality of the main protagonist throughout the game. Max is good and kind, no matter what you do, sometimes contradicting your _recent decision_ to the ridiculous level. And example: I decide to kill the dog, because I want my revenge for the bad behavior of its owner towards me and Max begins to whine after she succeeds to do so as if she'd do it only by not thinking it over enough (while the option to save it stays right next to the killing one so it is no puzzle presented to the player).But - even if it would be a puzzle it's bad. Moral choices aren't (and never should be!) about good or bad decisions from the gameplay point of view! They are player's _intentional_ choices! Allowing him to define who the main protagonist is or what the player actually wants him or her to be!Also... to make them matter (and not being _pointless_) they should soon affect how character will behave overall. Meaning... Max can of course start as a quite nice girl while her characteris 'undefined' but if she consistently decides to do the evil stuff, her acting and personality should shift to the evil one, otherwise - why to have any good/evil moral choices at all?Sadly, nothing of this happens in Life Is Strange. You can behave evil quite often but the next moment... You're again stuck in your original, somewhat naive innocent shell. The authors should really check Cinders or - even better - Along The Edge VNs for an example how to do this _properly_.2) A bit related to the first complaint is that... Lot of morale choices (and definitely not the evil ones only) are in fact decided without player's conscience. Because to do a good or evil act you must quite often first discover it. And so they are useless to help the game to know what kind of character the player wanted to be as the game can then never really know if the player didn't do something because it was his decision... or because he simply didn't find such possibility.An example: Did player let something bad to happen to someone because he wanted it so (e.g. he plays evil, wicked Max) or because he simply didn't find he can actually prevent it? A bad design for a working morality system. Very bad.3) The time travel goes more and more wild as you go further down the episodes what adds spice to the story (so it is not a complete con in fact), but it also - unfortunately - also kind of diminishes the importance of those 'choices which are supposed to matter'. At the end of the story Max will be capable to do such far reaching 'fixes of timelines' that you have the feeling nothing she did actually matters _at all_ as she can undo it anytime anyway (and perhaps even did so based on her acting).4) What - as some had already mentioned - is only culminating by an extremely rushed, let-down ending. Offering essentially just two simple binary choices with no epilogue at all which would at least somehow reflect those _many decisions_ you did during your whole game! And this - was unfortunately my 'last straw' which made me to give the game a negative rating in the end."
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,319630,32513725,Posted: 17 June,all,Dasbooby,"So I'm gonna upset the fangirls here and just come out and say that this game is extremely overrated and bad.  I've got no idea how this game came to be so popular.  My only guess is because it involves lesbians or that it's something pretentious hipsters latched onto so that they could cirjerkcle each other about how many tears they shed.  Seriously, go look at the top positive reviews and count how many involve them pretending they cried.  Tears for what or who?  This game and everyone in it is bad.Let's start with the positives.  Graphics and music are decent enough.  Dialogue is ok at best, and that's being generous.  Choices matter slightly more than Telltale games.  The game is pretty lengthy.  Expect 15-20 hours if you're just going through the motions, 20+ hours if you're rewinding to see the different lines of dialogue and such.  Now let's get to the biggest things that make this game bad.The plot for the game is bad and also contains a gigantic plothole,The tornado is supposedly caused by saving Chloe's life.  If this is true, then saving Chloe's dad's life in the past should've caused a tornado to crush the town a couple days later.  Max didn't have her powers then, so everyone in the town should be dead.Most of the side characters stories aren't interesting because they're never really explored.  Side characters have things going on in their lives that you'll talk to them about once an episode and that's the full extent you'll get.  The game later does some alternate timelines, but never explores them for more than 20-30 minutes and everything that happens within are always undone, so they're meaningless filler.  The developers clearly ran out of ideas for the main plot/stories, so they decided to add these parts to drag the game out, this is especially evident in episode 5.  The game is full of inconsistencies and plotholes.  Hell, there's 1 of each in the first 15 minutes of the game.  What great writing.The game is full of bad drama.  It's as though the developers went through a checklist of every bad drama cliché and marked a bunch off to put in the game.  Impending disaster, check.  Bullying, check.  Depression, check.  Blackmail, check.  Overly suspicious people, check.  Catty b*t*hes, check.  Pregnancy & Abortion, check.  These are just some of the things you'll find in episode 1, the list goes on.  I'm pretty sure the developers thoughts were something along this line, “If we put as much bad drama into the game as we can, dumb people will think it's good.”  There's even a scene where Chloe gets her foot caught on a train track..... Really?  That's the best they could come up with?  I wrote better crap back in 6th grade.Press A for ending 1 or press B for ending 2.  Thought your choices were going to impact the ending?  Well, you've been Telltaled.  One of the endings erases 99+% of all the choices you've made while the other negates about 80-90% of them.  Some fanboys of the game like to pretend the developers intentionally did this to make a point.  Here's how an honest interview with one of the developers would go:  “By episode 5, we realized we'd written ourselves into a corner and had no clue how to make the endings related to your choices since none of your prior choices would matter for the ending anyway.  We then realized that we already had your money, that the game is already a hit, and we could make more money by starting work on the prequels/sequels rather than creating proper endings.  So we said f**k it and created a binary ending.  Blind fans will make up excuses for us while we work on our future drivel”.  But do your choices matter throughout the game?  Well, there is 1 story arc where your choices will actually matter, Kate's.  Outside of that though, your choices generally fall into 1 of 3 categories:  1.  Make some later conversation/situation easier to get through, which doesn't matter anyway since you have rewind powers and therefore infinite chances to get through it.  2.  Some slight change in a line or two of dialogue.  3.  Jack Squat.  So aside from that 1 subplot, your choices are pretty much meaningless.The side characters are not good.  Every side character ranges from average to bad.  They're all cliches and never go past that.  There's not a single side character that I was ever interested or excited to talk to.  None of them are funny, entertaining, or even remotely interesting.  It's the same bland dialogue in every conversation with them.  Then there's Warren.  Right from the very first texts you get from him, it's obvious that he's Max's friendzoned white knight.  I tried to cut off any sort of friendship with him, but alas, a game supposedly about choices won't allow me to choose to unfriend this goon.  In fact, the game forces you to take advantage of him and use him. You wanted a kiss or a hug in the diner Warren?  Guess what, you got neither, good day!Then there're our main characters.  You ever watch the Transformers movie with Mark Wahlberg where he's constantly trying to remind you that he's an inventor?  That's what Max is like.  She will constantly be reminding you that she is such a huge nerd/geek, because that's obviously what real nerds/geeks do.  She's also incredibly whiny, and she's gonna spend a lot of time whining to you.  She's very bland and uninteresting.Lastly there's Chloe.  Chloe is meant to be shown as a flawed but decent person and the player is meant to feel bad for her and like her (In fact, the entire emotional impact of the ends of episodes 3, 4, and 5 depends on these 2 things). The problem is that the writing was so poor that they didn't create a flawed likable character, but instead accidentally wrote a terrible person who is unlikable.  The first time we see her, she's attempting to blackmail someone.  She's b*tc*y, selfish, a thief, constantly blaming everyone else for her problems, gets mad at you constantly, blames you for her weed when she gets caught, was going to rob Nathan, uses your powers for her own personal gain and continues exploiting your powers even after she sees that it's harming you, borrowed money from someone and planned to gyp them.  There's plenty more, these are just some of the things from the first 2 episodes.  There's nothing likable about her.  Apparently, I'm supposed to care about and put up with this c**t on the sole basis that her dad died when she was younger.  I wanted nothing to do with her.  Amazingly, in a game where I'm supposed to be able to make choices, I can't make the choice to never talk to her again.  Nor would the game allow me to chop her foot off with an axe when it got caught on the train tracks.The emotion aspect.  Seriously, all these people talking about crying from this game, from what?  Kate's situation was 100% predictable from the 2nd time you talk to her.  If you didn't see that coming from a mile away, then you're......  Aside from that, who's there to cry for?  Certainly not Chloe or Max.I could go on but I'll stop here.  You know how I can tell this game is bad?  When my favorite part of the game was taking multiple screenshots of Chloe getting run over by the train to feature in my profile.  When I got to the big reveal at the end of episode 3, and spent the next 20 seconds laughing.  When I got to the end of episode 4 and started clapping for the antagonist.  The only thing strange about this game is it's positive rating.  It's fine to enjoy bad things, but if you seriously think this game is good, you should feel bad."
,Recommended,319630,17255262,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,yung denis,It is a wonderful game for a very affordable price. Waiting for the new episodes.
76561198097377424,Recommended,319630,27035956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MØ,Life is so strangeIt teaches the transience of lifeCherish your friends
,Recommended,319630,28572370,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Heart,"The beginning was soft and slow yet so far the game offers amazing details with some amazing shots. But the main factor of the game - the story starts to evolve faster with surprising plot twists, choices and emotional atmosphere. Each main character has their own story and characteristics so you won't feel like they are just forced puppets to make the game go on.The probable point of the ending was that even if you manage to change the past, you will have to give something for it. And that no matter how hard you try to change the loss, it will never end. And in the end you will have to return to the step one to take everything back to normal."
76561198073593716,Recommended,319630,24798166,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,I'm FBI,"It would be sisyphean to describe the 'Life is Strange' afterglow, like trying to explain a painting to a man born blind.It's only when you're on the other side of the 5th episode that you'll understand why so many of us who have never even considered writing a review before are sputtering around on here at a loss for words.You're now part of the Elect. No matter how hard you try, you'll never fully emerge from Maxine Caulfield back to whoever you were beforehand. The only thing you can do is let more people in on the secret, so that maybe they too can understand this strange new life."
,Recommended,319630,18583679,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"Life is Strange is one of the best ‘experiences’ I’ve had for a long time. I say ‘experience’, because Life is Strange is a real mix between game, story and movie. They creators have taken the best things from those three things and combined them into a game where the choices you make throughout the whole story influence everything that will happen after you have made that choice. And with the power of Max, turning back small portions of time, they have given you… doubt… Did you make the right choice? Should I rewind and make a different one? What will be the effect?Max is a typical teenager, but while witnessing the murder of a girl in the bathroom of her school, she gains the ability to rewind time and this gives her the chance to change events, minor and major ones.The story she gets herself into goes from normal teenage drama (do people like me? Do I fit in?), to a psychological drama (the disappearance of a girl and the state of depression of another) and the end of a city because of the scariest tornado you can think of.Choices you have to make are hard and while you think it might be the good one, you always have this nagging feeling something bad will happen because of it. And you might be right about that!The story reminds me of the movie ‘The Butterfly Effect’ (you know, the only movie where Ashton Kutcher could actually deliver a perfect role).I recommend people to play the game one episode at a time. I think that makes the experience even better, because you will think about the choices you have made and gives you time to really ‘feel’ the story.I started playing as soon as episode one was released and played the game episode by episode while they were released. And I decided to write this review only after finishing the game to make sure I wasn’t biased by endings of episodes.Now that I have finished the story I can only say it was completely worth every minute, penny, agony and doubtful moments this game has cost me. And while others might b**ch and moan about the ending, this couldn’t have gone otherwise! I think people will need some time to think about it and, like the ending of Soprano’s and the ending of the non-Hollywood cut of The Butterfly Effect, then agree that it couldn’t have gone otherwise.Since I have started playing I haven’t been able to put this game out of my head and I haven’t been able to shut up about it in conversations with friend and co-workers. This game deserves to be game of the year and more.Hopefully the team at Dontnod will be able to surprise us with their next project just as much as they have with Life is Strange, and no, I do not want a season two… That would be a mistake (or at least, I think it would be a mistake to try and top this one)."
,Recommended,319630,28902578,Posted: 1 January,all,UwU,Wowsers!This game is hella cool!
,Recommended,319630,27738714,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zένø™ 👌,I thought i was dead inside. This game made me realize i was wrong.
,Recommended,319630,14922214,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Shroomii,"A beautiful game where your choices affect your surroundings. Stereotypical characters, yet interesting none the less. You can spend as long as you like exploring every little nook and cranny and this may benefit you in the future. Also, photography and deer? Love it."
,Recommended,319630,18597718,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Alcatrax,"This game will absolutely put you on the edge of your seat! The story is the strongest point of this entire game and I won't lie, the last episode put me into a lot of depression over the last choice you had to make. Episode 1 to 4 was amazing, but episode 5 was great. Only great. With the hardest choice at the end, the entire game left me in a bit of a daze. Not like it was a bad episode in any way, it just seemed a bit predictable at the end. Secretly we all wish for season 2, because Dotnod really showed what they are capable of. I totally recommend this game and I would rate this game probably9,5/10.Pros:- very well crafted story with nice twists in all of the episodes- the characters are all unique in terms of personality and style- art is very stylish and has a watercolor distinctive style to it- soundtrack is very unique with many indie rock songs- Telltale controls made even better (but this may be subjective)Cons:- lipsync and lip movements are still bad- some predictable eventsI don't write revies on Steam, but this game deserves a big thumbs up from me. Game is truly unique experience and I totally recommend trying it out!"
76561198055615246,Recommended,319630,17973533,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,dal,"Do I reccommend Life Is Strange? Is it more like LIFE IS♥♥♥♥♥♥??Go through all the wonders of taking a liberal arts degree with none of the crippling student debt!If you like lesbian subtext, The Smiths and John Green novels you'll love the story of Max and her QUIRKY and RANDOM adventures in the town of Arcadia!In a town where everyone readily accepts the end of the world is coming, take control of the biggest hipster in the known universe in her battle against time. Follow her quest of time traveling and the dire consequences that follow, while simultaneously leading on a beta cuck.Join Max's struggle against the rules of actual photography by making her take uninteresting shots of: deers, butterflies, her bully and herself. Amazing. It's so immersive.Each episode holds in it a plethora of unique and inspiring content like dragging you mouse to the left, dragging your mouse to the right. There is also walking. Lots of walking.Enjoy Heavy Rain Farenheight Walking Hipster."
,Recommended,319630,28405230,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,PConsoul,"Basically you can rewind time in this game. So, you might think you can change everything. But even you have the power to rewind time, you still have to make the choice and you can't change everything. And that is brilliant. This game has a little cons with is the character animation. Sometimes they didn't move their mouth while speaking. Sometime they made a plain face when say emotional thing. But if you play through the game for a while, you will forget those things. Because the story of this game is so wonderful and mind blowing."
,Recommended,319630,18618601,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SPOOKHUNT,"I really, really liked this game. It does seem like fluff, nothing but highschool/college drama with some gimmick rewind ability thrown in but it didn't take long to realize it was something completely different. The story is excellent, even while some of the dialogue is kinda cheesy and it becomes clear it is adults trying to write for teenagers (or maybe teenagers/young adults really do talk like that, idk) and the lip syncing was pretty horrible (though supposedly this was fix some in a patch.)Many scenes are so beautifully done, you do need to take the time to stop and look at everything (which is driven home since you can have Max stop, sit, and just look at her surroundings.) The episodes just ramp it up, episode 3 blew my mind, episode 4 kinda ♥♥♥♥ed me up, and episode 5... well I was prepared to be disappointed but it went completely sideways and I did not expect a lot of what happened. The final end choice was somewhat disappointing, but otherwise I really, reaaaally enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,319630,15994635,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[420] Canadian Badass,"Just completed Ep 3, shocking end... cant wait for ep 4... great game... definitely worth the adventure!"
,Recommended,319630,14240810,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,naf,"Interesting story, along with warm colors and awesome soundtrack creates an outstanding atmosphere and feel of presence which many other games yet have to beat. Can't wait for remaining episodes to come out."
,Recommended,319630,28189861,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,.:Persian-Cat:.,I suggest you guys Play this game.Amazing game Amazing story and the lovely characters :)
76561197976132251,Recommended,319630,32863451,Posted: 27 June,all,Paradox,Great Story. Nice feelings and emotion between the characters in the game. Its kinda fun to search for the hidden picture taking moments.
,Recommended,319630,19510011,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Fan of Saints,"It's a truly wonderful game, although I hate the ending.PROS:+ Very engaging story.+ Lots of interesting characters (even though they're a bit cliche).+ Lots of details - you can look at almost everything around you and Max will say something about it.+ Arcadia Bay landscape.+ Choises.+ Rewind power.+ Collectibles (optional photos).+ Travelling between different timelines and checking effects of different choices.+ Memorable climate at Blackwell Academy and in Arcadia Bay.+ Amazing plot twists - the game plays with your emotions very often.+ Cool cel-shaded graphics.+ Nice soundtrack.+ Max's notebook.+ Beating it took me about 20 hours - way longer than any Telltale game.CONS:- Apparently all your choises don't mean anything after all, you just choose one ending and it simply wipes out all your previous decisions...- Both endings are completely empty unsatisfying cliffhangers - for real, they completely kill this game, did writers run out of ideas or what?- The fifth episode feels rushed overall - more than half of it is just one long weird nightmare that sums up previous episodes.-I can't choose not to tear up Max's competition photo in the fifth episode. Seriously, I'd rather her to stay in San Francisco instead of choosing one of those two empty endings...- I wish I could spend more time at Blackwell and in Arcadia Bay just having fun with other students to know them better.- The uzzles are a bit too easy in my opinion.My rating is 8 out of 10, mainly because of the fifth episode in general."
,Recommended,319630,26829343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danish,"This game features high school related drama from the perspective of a teenage girl. However the writing, art design, and atmosphere is done so well it will win you over. It tells a very human story while exploring the supernatural. The characters you interact with are entertaining and the story has a lot of heart to it. You are given the opportunity to make several decisions that will impact future episodes, which gives you significant input over the direction of the story. The time travel mechanic is used so well in this game as you try to solve puzzles, rewinding time to manipulate people and objects to your advantage.Nice Story, good Entertaining game. I'll suggest every gamer that just try this game. Awesome Job done by the Developers graphically plus story wise. I'll give Thumbs Up to this game."
76561198057766742,Recommended,319630,16068689,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Guren MK VIII,AFTER PLAYING THE LAST TWO EPISODES MY LIFE HAS CHANGED.THIS ISN'T A TYPICAL HIGHSCHOOL DRAMA GAME.Life Is Strange™ is very underrated and I'd say it's worth more.I originally bought the full game for a whopping $20 when it first came out.Safe to say I never regretted that decision.Overall this game is a solid 9.5/10 for me.The soundtrack is one of its greatest qualities along with the pretty enjoyable graphics. The story line gives a nice Butterfly Effect feeling as others would agree is pretty interesting. The user interface is a solid effort as well. Very easy to find your way around and such.I would recommend this to all those looking for a relaxing game full of twists and turns. You can happily finish an episode in one go as it's entertaining enough to keep your attention.
,Recommended,319630,14355558,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lolibot,"tl:dr dated graphics, good game, get itI really, REALLY like this game. Even though it takes place in college, it really brings me back to when I was in high school since, lets be honest, this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥happened all the time in high school, sans the time manipulation thing (GOD i wish i had that back then....)The look of the game....this is square...and the way the game looks is somewhat old school. We all know what square is capable of making their games look amazing. And while the game still looks good, for this day and age, its a bit dated. Though I am half thinking this was done on purpose, since max, the main character, likes her retro stuff (i mean she uses an old school polorid ffs) they wanted to perhaps put that feel into the game itself? i dunno.Controls, pretty solid. moving is very fluid. If someone runs past you, they actually bump into you. The time manipulation seemed a SMIDGE clunky with some bits that just didnt work (Ie. i turned on a light, rewound time, the light was still on but i had the on option that i had to hit before i turned it off)Price plan, they were VERY smart with how they did this. Buy part one, try it.  you like it? here is part 2-5 in a bundle. which i am about to buy right after i post this.I give this a 10/10 so far. lets see where the story goes.Updated Review nearly 2(!!!) years later:15/10 would feel againI regret taking so long to get back to this game because my ♥♥♥♥ing GOD. This game. It pisses you off because you made a wrong choice, then you found it was a good choice, no wait it was a bad choice. It has so many twists and turns. yes its a choose your own adventure type game which has a primary narrative, but it does it so well you can't even really tell and think YOU are influencing the game so much that you even go back and try to make sure every conversation went right with people EVEN IF the game doesn't tell you its an important choice you've made.This, my friends. Is one of the very few games that has ever brought me to tears.My only advice to you if you do play it (which why SHOULDN'T you, the first ep 1 is FREE) is DO NOT REBOOT YOUR SAVE AND FIX THE CHOICES YOU THINK ARE MISTAKES. STICK WITH YOUR CHOICESokay, i DID run into a COUPLE small bugs here and there with things getting all wonky after i do my little super power (nothing a reload from checkpoint didnt fix). But otherwise, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ING MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,319630,18843463,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Winded,"Ever had moments where you hope you could go back in time and, undo, something? Or do something that you think should have been done?Well, this point and click adventure explores that idea, quite extensively. The idea sounds cliché at first, like this is some high school drama where you can use superpowers to beat everyone who is mean to you. But it's more than that, it goes much further down the rabbit hole.Not only is the game great story-wise, but it also has more interactivity than just dialogue choices. You can rewind time and perform actions that you could not do before, due to acquiring knowledge about what is going to happen. Doing this kind of thing in i.e. a movie would be pretty confusing, right? But in the game, it being a game mechanic, it kind of made sense, in its own way.So, in my opinion, this game is amazing. But opinions are subjective, so I can't say if you would feel the same. If you have played Telltale games previously, I suggest you try this out. I do hope Dontnod does more of these kind of adventures."
,Recommended,319630,24080680,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Desenhista q clica Farmskins.com,"LIFE IS STRANGE™ IS A GAME WHERE YOUR DECISIONS MATTERS""Do you want to eat Omelette or Waffle?""10/10 choice mattered"
,Recommended,319630,25108110,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Peeratat,"This game... this ♥♥♥♥ing game...I didn't expect this game to have such a huge impact on me especially after I completed it and experienced that ending... choices really matter and you become emotionally attached to the charecters as you progress and make important choices. (I almost cried)I felt geniunely sorry/happy/sad or empty for the fate of each charecter since the story and charecter development is so great. This game is about choice and I really enjoyed it, it's one of the best story games i've ever played in my life and also has one of the best soundtracks i've ever heard within a game. Now it's your choice to make wether or not you would buy this game. But i'd say you have to play this game atleast once before you die. Im sad that it's overI hope you make the right choice. good luck"
76561197971392337,Recommended,319630,27345219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,De(ath)signer,"One of the most moving games I've played in my life. Yes, it is flawed in a few ways, but anyone with any interest in games as an interactive storytelling medium must play it. In fact, I'd recommend not reading anything about the game at all if possible until you finish it. I recognize the flaws now, but while playing it the emotional response was enough to make me completely overlook them.TL;DR:Great game, a few flaws, but aboslutely worth it."
,Recommended,319630,28092255,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,김치 힘,"It's honestly been a while since I've played a game purely for the story, and Life Is Strange definitely hit the nail! This was such a nice change in pace of gaming for me. Lately its been action,co-op,shooting, etc. It was nice to change the pace and go back to more of a visual game. Not going to go super in-depth with the review simply due to the fact that the game is; a simple game that is well made and made for enjoyment and relaxation. The game is so AMAZING, just don't be like in two ways. 1: I played the game when I was bored with other games, and because of such I simply decided to play it for boredom and not gonna lie, that sort of killed some of the experience with me. I really wish I took more time with the game and got more involved in the lore(Note:Started my 2nd play thru and going much slower, WAY BETTER.) 2. I bought the game for $5 on sale(IT IS VERY MUCH WORTH $20), but I ended up gifting it to 5 friends so I ended up spending $25 -.-. Anyways all in all, two huge thumbs up!!! Life Is Strange is a beautifully crafted game with great stroy telling, and great impact with player based choices. BUYBUYBUY!!!!"
,Recommended,319630,28120813,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,nunodonato,OMG.. I wish I could describe what this game did to me... JUST GO AND PLAY IT NOW!!probably the most intense experience ever by a video game
,Recommended,319630,29808656,Posted: 9 February,all,PonyxWright,"This masterpiece will try to kill you over and over again, you can break down in tears and the game will not have mercy and keep trying to kill you with sad and shocking moments. Me wanting to play this again from the beginning without knowing anything about the story makes me wonder if I'm a masochist or that I just want to experience such a great game with a great story.If you wonder whether you should get this or not, trust me when I say this, get this as soon as possible. The first episode is Free, yes you read that right. This game is not meant to be rushed, experience every single small thing it offers you, understand the feelings of the characters and get lost in the story. You will have yourself a first class trip of emotions."
,Recommended,319630,26697260,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Solearis,"TL; DR: Touching story of love, friendship and loss, pulled somewhat down by shoddy execution.At its core, Life is strange is an adventure game, more focused on the story being told than the difficulty of its puzzles. The ability to rewind time is the core game mechanic for some of the world and most of the conversational puzzles. As soon as the player realizes this temporal aspect, he/she should have no problem tackling all challenges. The number of screens for each location is well balanced. It is not possible to move from an area without performing a main story critical objective. The explorers among you will enjoy hunting for picture opportunities. Each photo opp rewards its finder with not just a cool snippet of the world, but an achievement as well. The licensed music is well chosen and along with the great camera selection defines the mood of the title. The title knows this and allows the player to revel in its beauty with cool down sections, where no input from the player is required. The only blemish on this masterpiece is the technical side and overall polish (or lack thereof). Textures could use higher resolutions, the animations are choppy at best and while the voice acting is spot on, the lip sinking leaves much to be desired. The art style is bailing out the overall graphical fidelity of the title somewhat. I would urge you to push through, however, as the overall experience is well worth it. The price point is chosen appropriately and even at full price I would sincerely recommend this title."
76561198143113676,Recommended,319630,16730630,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Galantis,"This game is amazing ! I haven't been this addicted to a game since The Walking Dead from Telltale's. I highly recommend it because it's very rich in story, the characters all have their own unique personality, etc. ! It's totally 100% worth buying it(:"
76561198085922510,Recommended,319630,17960622,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,AleX.89,"Play this game if you want to feed your soul ...One of the best gaming experiences i ever had , i just can't think of the right words to describe how beautifull this game is ."
76561198081075526,Recommended,319630,15892415,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Datura,why isnt episode 3 on here?!?! its out and i neeeeeeed to play it
,Recommended,319630,18649837,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dee_Jay007 ♥,"""This game teases you emotionally."" (especially episode 5)My personal reaction of Episode 5:OMG D:oh wow :Doh what? DD:phew :DDDDwait whaaaaaaaaaaat? DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD:WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT??????????I bought Life is Strange, I played Life is Strange, I love Life is Strange. No regret!"
,Recommended,319630,15907573,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Nozza,"Oh boy. Life is Strange is a lovely change of pace from the usual shooty shooty stabby stabbys. I write this review just after completing the third episode and I have to say I have had my moneys worth already!I would recommend this game if you enjoy a slow-paced game that is story rich with a wide variety of characters. If you're looking for constant action, look elsewhere.To summarise what the game entails, you play as a student at Blackwell Academy called Max. We follow and control her decisions through her daily life - decisions that can have heavy consequences. Max later finds out that she has a power to rewind time and leads to lots of crazy shenanigans. Feels included.Do I recommend this game? Duh its cool, why would I write a review for it?(Don't buy it solely based my review though, I may have mislead you all because I enjoyed this game too much)"
,Recommended,319630,14842808,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Blondie Birthday Girl,"This game was just outsanding  !very fluid, very "" telltale"" feel to it. AMAzing graphics and such an interesting story !I REALLY am taken by the characters and the choices felt so easy to pick !If you like playing thru a movie, this is the game for you ! i know i am loving it !"
,Recommended,319630,27907245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Serenity Mae ♥,"This game made me rage, laugh, and cry. I was so into this game from start to finish. I'm sad that it has ended.10/10 Get this game so you can rage, laugh, and cry with me. ♡"
,Recommended,319630,31527011,Posted: 3 May,all,Cpt. Solta,"It was cruel how the developers hide the game's cruelty behind a  ""teenage athomsphere"".So shortly:This game is cruelly awesome!"
,Recommended,319630,15696827,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mitchy,"Absolutley brilliant game, So glad i bought this game, Beautiful art style, quirky geek theme and awesome charactersabsolutley recomend it 10/10"
76561198056100466,Recommended,319630,15147210,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bubbles The {SuN} Elf,"I don't just recommend this game. If I had enough money to give everyone in the world a copy of this game I would. Execelent Story so far and it's only 2 episodes in.-Music is Amazing and wonderful-Storyline Mysterious and Captivating-Gameplay is not the most captivating but your here for the story really- Characters you feel like you actually know- Graphics are Very On Point and Breathe taking- 10/10 will make you think about how life truly is strangeYou will start to play your own life out with this game. The choices you make each day will probally be seen in a different perspective after you play this game.PS, This game deserves Game of The Year just for the Feels Trip you go on.I recommend playing this alone to get the best expericence and by alone I mean in a dark room where no one can heard you crying like a baby."
,Recommended,319630,14553033,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,TheSASSquach,"Jesus, I've never wanted a polaroid camera so bad...This game is absolutely enticing and completely captures a form of beauty that is drop dead amazing. The story is a great treat to follow and the options of choice and expression are amazing.Max is one of the most interesting characters I have seen in a game in quite a while.If you are a person who values true Story, Emotion, Drama, Music, in a game, then I highly HIGHLY reccommend.Also, Buy the pack. Just trust me."
,Recommended,319630,21408156,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NeariX,"I think this ""game"" (can we call this work of art as a simple game?!) must be play by all people.I have loved The Walking Dead (TellTaleGame) and Ori and The Blind Forest, but this is definitely the best of 3.OST, feelings, caracters, gameplay, all is perfect and i'm betting if you lisen again musics after finish the game, you are gonna feeling something .... strange.All the characters and all your actions blow your mind. Sometime you gonna be happy, cause of awsome decision ... and few minutes later you are gonna be so mad and helpless.This game makes you feel like everything could happen because you just can't control nothing ... welcome in the party chao's theory!LiS is a must have.ndlr : You should choose the right answer at the end ... and be ready to dry your tears.ENJOY."
,Recommended,319630,22186423,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dewi,"What a game.I was recommended this game by my partner who is an adventure game conicere.I have finished playing about 5 minutes ago and I am drying tears from mye eyes. Excellent voice acting, a wonderful story, and a host of believable characters. There were characters I loved and wanted to protect, those I hated and wanted to do harm. I became enthralled as the story unwound.I decided to read other reviews and saw many feel the same way. Some go on to share their distate at the final episode.I can see where they are coming from but, and I speak genuinley through cliche here, this game is about the journey, not so much the destination. the attachment that had grown between me and the characters influenced my choice of ending (that's exactly what it is, you choose, despite your previous actions) based upon how I felt towards them through the game.If you enjoy story for story, and becoming your character, I couldn't recommend this game enough"
,Recommended,319630,21152475,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ｓｏｆｔ-ｃｏｒｅ シ,The only regret I have in this game is finishing it so fast :'c
,Recommended,319630,22871177,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fidget Sinner,"Life Is Strange drags you into a world that consumes who you are. Every choice you make, and consequence you face, will carry with you in your normal life. This game will intrique you, capture you, and horrify you when you finally see what your choices have led to. Never have I played a game so life-like, that it causes me to question who I truly am. It is absolutely worth it, to whomever may want to play it. But be careful of what exactly you are signing up for."
76561198165757136,Recommended,319630,22899611,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ilikebiglavalamps,"This has got to be one of the best games i have ever played.It's story is perfect in every way and was the first game to ever make me shead a tear.This game has to played, not just watched on youtube ot twitch. You have to play it.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,319630,23938722,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stefanonimo,Definetly one of the best stories I've ever seen in a videogame. Is worth every cent that I've spent.
,Recommended,319630,24092547,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Drooping,"The lipsyncing isn't very good, some textures could definitely be improved upon. But, regardless of it's flaws the story is stellar and the characters and dialogue are awesome. There is a need for more games like this (not much action, but great story.) Remember to take your time with this game. A must buy.Kind of a spoiler:For the people who say that in the end there was only one decision that mattered: remember that it's the journey that matters not the destination"
,Recommended,319630,24447754,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,DIΛMOND,"Best Story Driven game I've ever played in my life.The graphics are in the same theme with the story and gives you the best feelings and emotions.You will love the main characters from the first minutes of gameplay.Good job DONTNOD! You made me cry at some scenes but that's the idea!Now, being free-to-play episode 1, you must try it!"
,Recommended,319630,23870720,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Erroneous Bosch,"I rarely gush about anything, but Life Is Strange is phenomenal. An absolute triumph of interactive storytelling. It is not only the single best adventure game I have ever played (and I've playeda lotof adventure games), but one of the best games of any genre ever. Ten out of ten; five stars; the highest possible score on any given metric - this game has earned it.In 5 episodes it traverses so much thematic ground, surveys a rich emotional landscape, confronts ideas and plot developments that could so easily have been gauche were they not handled with such a deft touch. There are devastatingly emotional moments, quirky nods to Twin Peaks, John Hughes style teenage drama, and sequences that would not be out of place in a Silent Hill game. And it all flows perfectly. There is no deus ex machina. The many varying strands and styles of the narrative could so easily have turned into a garbled mess (e.g. any Quantic Dream game) and yet it all culminates in a truly epic crescendo of a finale that resolves everything, while, in true Lynchian style, actually explaining very little in full.At its core, the story is about the power of friendship in the face of true evil. I came to care for these characters like few others, and I'm not ashamed to say that the unexpected narrative turns made me cry on more than one occasion. This is a feat that no other game has ever achieved.The standard of its presentation is second to none. There is astonishing attention to detail in each and every one of its environments that make them feel truly lived-in and authentic. Beyond that, the soundtrack is superb with each song complementing the scene in which it appears perfectly, and the shot composition is equal to any well-made film.Life Is Strange doesn't forget that it is also a game, and to that end provides a sort of 'Where's Wally' task whereby the in-game journal provides you with vague sketches of scenery you are meant to look out for in each episode, and subsequently photograph. It is a completely optional, unobtrusive task, that has no impact on the way the story develops, but I was glad it was there because it mechanically reinforces the narrative element of Max's abiding passion for photography.Everything about Life Is Strange is well considered and perfectly executed. After the mediocre Remember Me, this is exactly what DONTNOD needed to establish their name as a quality development studio. I can't wait to see what they come up with next.Buy this game. And then buy it again for your friends. Everyone should play this."
,Recommended,319630,18927351,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Valor,"This game changed my life, nothing I play will ever be as good as this."
,Recommended,319630,19474893,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,miche,"Fantastic story, outstanding visuals and a bangin' soundtrack combine with a pinch of pop culture memes to create a wonderful game. Get it while it's still on sale, you won't regret it, especially if you liked The Walking Dead and other story-based 'choices matter' games.Life is strange, game is good.Oh and DON'T WATCH THE TRAILERS ON THE STORE PAGE - they're in reverse order so the trailer for Ep 5 is up front which is spoiler central :/"
,Recommended,319630,20247395,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL,Steps to playing this game:1. Lay down2. Try not to cry3. Cry a lot
,Recommended,319630,18808375,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Burgzaza,"A really great game. Now that the full game is out and I finished it, I can only recommend to everyone looking for a  narrative game to play it.Never played a game like this, and... I loved it. It's a masterpiece !Gg Dontnod."
76561198009556051,Recommended,319630,18880337,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mr Salt,"This ""game"" has more in common with a great novel than a first-person shooter. Immersive, gut-wrenching, and thought-provoking. 10/10, especially considering its low cost. The production value is just incredible.My advice:1. Don't rush it. Although the various choices offer some degree of replay-ability, nothing will ever be like the first time. Soak it up.2. Play this one late at night when the world is quiet, nothing is distracting you, and you're open to being thoughtful.3. Avoid spoilers. Don't read too much online until you've finished all five episodes.4. This is not a game you ""win"". Its value is in the experience it gives you, not in achieving any particular outcome. Some fans have complained that the choices you make along the way don't ""matter at the end"" as much as they wished they would. I disagree. They do matter - the relationships Max develops and dialogue along the way are significantly influenced by your choices. Like I said though, it's more like a novel than a traditional videogame. Nobody wins.My only qualm with the game was technical - when I first started it wouldn't save my progress and I ended up having to replay most of the first episode. After much troubleshooting I figured out that the game has a problem when you install steam games on a disk other than C: (I have a ssd + two hdds). You have to manually create the following folder: C:\Users\Username\Documents\My Games\Life Is Strange. Then right click on the Life Is Strange folder, properties, and give full permissions. When you're playing and it shows the saving icon alt-tab to windows, open the folder, and make sure a save folder exists and it is writing a ""LISSave"" file in there."
,Recommended,319630,18988673,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Regenboog ❤,"In this game, you are a girl walking through a story were choices you make matter. That's why it's almost always possible to wind back in time. I found myself in a moment where this was not possible, probably because it would cost too much energy to go back because something major happened. Sadly, because I would gladly have changed that back.It contains of 5 episodes. The farther in the story you come, the more scary it will be. I have to say though, I'm easily scared, of all kinds of things, a lot of movies (not even scary movies), the dark. I'm a girl, so I guess it is allowed for me to be scared sometimes, haha. Right now I'm at episode 5, not finished yet.. But I am doing this last episode together with a friend, because I just am too scared. o.o The most of you probably won't be scared, as I said, I'm easily scared.Nice about the game, but also maybe a bit frustrating, is that it is pretty hard to get all picture moment achievements. The choices matter, also for these achievements. Maybe if you wind back everytime and try all options, it is possible to get all them in one play, but I guess it's not because sometimes you are not able to wind back (at least one time), and also, sometimes you don't even look in the right places in the story. Also, winding back every time would be really boring, so I would not recommend that.. Haha.The game is definitely worth playing! I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. :)"
76561198063486036,Recommended,319630,19313712,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jauregui,Im crying.
,Recommended,319630,18602001,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,STraceR,Don't have any words to describe this game...This game hit me to the core
76561198030155627,Recommended,319630,18698350,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Grimm V™,"4.5/5This is absolutely beautiful and innovative, and has fast become one of my favourite games of all time.The 5-part episodic story set in Arcadia Bay works seamlessly from one part to the next.From the moment you start you will be questioning your actions and making decisions that will ultimately decide the fate of your friends, your family, your teachers, enemies, and those you don't even know.Each part of the storyline is riveting and portrayed with such love and care by the creators.Every character is unique and totally believable - You'll all know the players, probably having met them before in your own life, like the Kate's, the Warrens, the Anna's, the Nathans, the Amy's and the David's of the world, hell, you may even be one of them.This game is so emotional and believable because of those characters. If you had the power to change things. Would you? And would the consequence of those actions be for the good? The bad? Or the just downright chaotic?..This game feels so much like a detective, thriller, drama, sci-fi and love story all rolled into one by all those famous novelists and you are right inside that novel, living it, breathing it.You will laugh; you will cry; you will enjoy; you will hate; and then, you will go back and do it all again..The graphics work so well with the game, but the soundtrack is absolutely amazing and worked so beautifully with each story (You just have to watch the trailers to see/hear what I mean).I would say, if you are a conscientious person who has feelings and cares about your actions and others, you will love this game; If you are a person without conscience and doesn't give a rat's a** about others, then you probably aren't going to like it.If you're not sure - purchase episode 1, and, if like me, you'll be hooked and buy the rest..Kudo's to DONTNOD and Square Enix.. One of my best player experiences in a hell of a long time.."
,Recommended,319630,18712922,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sniper,"Simply the best media-content I've experienced for the past several years.Beautiful art style, fully absorbing atmosphere, excellent music, good voice acting, interesting character development, huge attention to details. And most of all - pure emotions!A lot of present-day problems are touched in the game, so I guess everyone can find something to relate to.And I want to thank and wish the best luck for Dontnod Entertaiment in their future projects."
,Recommended,319630,19539061,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hayley Williams,"""Your BFF"" or ""Your Neighborhood""Choose Wisely.Rating: Better than Steins;Gate"
,Recommended,319630,14341478,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,McVee,Play this.
,Recommended,319630,14253893,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"From the developers of Remember Me to time-travel adventure “Life is Strange”. It’s pretty big step of retrying new things. It captures real-world interactive drama, teenage school life and impressive dialogues.Episode 1: ChrysalisYou played as Max Caulfield who returns to attend in BlackWell Academy to progress on her photography career. As you progress through the story, she finds out something strange inside as she has ability to reverse time. This ability plays major role of the story. You can rewind any past event to resolve your mistake, solve the puzzles, and change how to story should progress. The game is about collect information and use to support major choice to find out most satisfied outcome for the player. It’s like Memory Remix of Remember Me, but focus on different consequence for future episode. The overall gameplay feels very relax, there’s no pressured timer like Telltale games.The first episode leaves my impression with world setup and character development. The old paint-like graphics, drawing like UI, and beautiful music create relaxing experience and be a “part” of Max’s journey.Sure, there are few mistakes like lip-sync issue for most characters and some awkward dialogue which I feel out of place.Life is Strange is amazing experience. You will enjoy with different choices, warm welcome and real world setup. This game is definitely worth to pick it and I’m looking forward for future episodes."
,Recommended,319630,24676969,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Arsenon,"Life is Strange - precious, beautiful, unpredictable and essential type of game. Everything from the environment and details to value and priceless soundtracks are delightful. I truly wish that I could rewind time and play this game again. The one kind of game which you will truly admire and adore, not only as a gamer but a as a person. Thanks to the developers of the game for making such a sincere and dramatic life story. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,14397028,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Silver Wolf Max,"Sometimes life is strange, you can ask that to the creators of Remember Me. Their new project remains special, keeping a woman again as the main character and with a japanese publisher behind their backs: Square Enix. But this game is so different to that, this is Life is Strange (or the butterfly effect: the videogame).LONG VERSIONThere are so many types of videogames. There are ones based on being spectacular, others more focused in just having a fun time and then you have the games that want to make you feel something. Inside this last group is where we would find Life is Strange, a new episodic videogame created by DONTNOD Entertainment, french company that you would probably know because of Remember Me.They (DONTNOD Entertainment) are going for a good storyline and let that be the center of the gameplay, characters that most people can relate and a game system that mixes exploration, conversation and some minor puzzles.This game was defined as a combination between The Walking Dead, Gone Home and Heavy Rain but it wouldn't be fair to compare it to something else even if the ones mentioned have such good quality too. This is a unique game, it shows a personality of it's own. A powerful script, ambientation and a lot of decisions to make in a project not so ambitious but really well executed.Life is Strange is purely based in something so simple but yet so full of possibilities such as ""The Butterfly Effect"" You will have a lot of decisions to make in your journey. Some of them might have a big impact in the future and some might not.In this first episode we already have some chances to see how our actions affect the future but we're gonna see the biggest changes in the future episodes yet to come. There's more to it, our main character, Max Caulfield has the ability to travel back in time, we'll use this power to solve some of the minor puzzles we're going to encounter or to see how saying different things to different NPC's makes them react.There's no difficulty at all in this game, this is a graphic adventure in 3rd person, no fighting, no shooting but a lot of exploring and all the amazing details that the game has when we talk about decoration.We're in front of an unconventional adventure, if you are looking for a slow story but really deep and reflexive then you are going to absolutely love this game. You'll see almost every stereotype of a normal school. A missing student, the bully, the leader of the football team, the cheerleader that hates you and a lot more.The game has a lot of references to indie movies. The music helps to canalize the feeling with help from musicians like Syd Matters, with relaxing rhytms and somehow melancholic during the 2 hours that this first episode lasts. You might think it's short but it will leave you great sensations at the end.Everything, from the presentation to the menus and the cinematics has an amazing taste and personality, a visual presentation with a lot of sunlight and warm colors, things that will make you get in touch with the human side of this game.That's Life is Strange for you, a game about moral choices but with a twist, some actions might be good for you in the nearest future but they might have a bad impact in the farthest future, well the game was going to be called ""What If..."" before, so this is not a coincidence.The experience is simple but yet complex at the same time, just like the butterfly effect. I could write lines all day and yet not find the true essence of Life is Strange, maybe because indeed life IS strange and this videogame is something really personal. You might like it, maybe it will dissapoint you or even make you bored but I'm sure you won't be indifferent about it.SHORT VERSIONIf you want something different, stop searching. Life is Strange is the game for you, one of those games that you like it or not it doesn't go unnoticed. Make decisions, deal with the consequences and experiment the story of a teenager in a really humanized adventure that finds the best things about DONTNOD Entertainment. It's not Heavy Rain, it's not Gone Home either and for sure it's not The Walking Dead... and it doesn't need to be! You really should consider getting this.FINAL SCOREPROS-Numerous decisions to make with short and long term consequences-An amazing plot, dialogues and interesting characters-Beautiful from the visual to the sound, Everything fits perfectly with the themeCONS-Short ammount of puzzles and really low difficulty-They could've used the rewind power in some different ways tooGAMEPLAY:9GRAPHICS:9SOUND:10INNOVATION:10FINAL SCORE:9.5"
,Recommended,319630,18595816,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"An episodic story-centric choice story full of choices, Life Is Strange is a great game to play if Telltale games have become a staple in your life .  The story is deep and engrossing with unexpected twists and turns in every episode which include choices that drastically impact the overall experience of the game.The major difference between Life Is Strange and others in the genre is that the protagonist, Max, is able to rewind time at will to ""redo"" a conversation or action.  This is not a simple rewind, however, as Max, herself, remembers what happened and can react or alter her actions accordingly.  For example, if Max is speaking to a fellow student, that student may say something to her that she can rewind and work into the conversation without the other party being aware that they were the ones who'd fed her said information in the first place, albeit in another timeline.  It's an interesting mechanic and it works well as the writing is done so well in the game that even with infinite redo option for a chapter you're still never sure if you made the 'right' choice.  This feeling of unease and anxiety over your choices only intensifies as the story seems to get progressively darker as more of the underlying nature of Arcadia Bay is revealed.I highly recommend this game to fans of dramatic storytelling, and especially to those who enjoy the Telltale template of personalized said storytelling through player choices that alter the experience.  The plot clearly had a lot of thought put into it, the characters are memorable and well written, and the game itself (aside from a few 'puzzle' parts that were time consuming and a bit dull) is an enjoyable experience."
76561198151020207,Recommended,319630,18723448,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ω,"10/10 would rewind, replay and cry again"
,Recommended,319630,18844555,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Malcolm,"This review is being made after finishing the WHOLE game. Might contain a few spoilers there and then but not as much. I hope this helps you with your doubt of buying the game or notBackground about the game:It's a story about a girl that is given rewind powers right after she goes back to school where she used to live and she's reunited with her best friend. The story evolves after they meet again with a lot of plot twists and surprises.Choices matter for certain events but it doesn't affect your ending that much, you will still have to make the same decision at the end, not depending on the choices you madeWhat I like about this gameI really enjoy playing games that are episodic and story rich, those are my type of games. This was one f the greatest games I've ever played. You get to interact with stuff in the game itself, make choices and you also have a story part to it.I would only recommend it if you like Story-rich, Choice based gamesif those are not your type of games, you might not like it as much.Short list of Pros and ConsPros:- Well-written story- Choice based- Great Graphicshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=474608759- Difficult endinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=546028350- Plot twists and surprises- Background music- Chance to make a different choiceCons:- A few minor bugshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=490333401- Choices don't matter in the end.-----------Summary:As I've already said, it's a really great game but categorized to certain people as not everyone's game interests are the same. It's at a fair price and when it's on sale it's even better and a must grab. Rating 9.8/10"
,Recommended,319630,23796893,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Waffle,This game is awesome. It has a great story and great music. Charaters are awesome and artstyle in magnificent.Pros-Great story-Great music-Choices-Story will be emotionalCons-Only five episodes
,Recommended,319630,25424474,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,1204,"u know that game? the game that makes u feel bad about everything...if u like to be stressed out and kept thinking about a game that make u feel sadand if u're fan of walking dead Season 1, Season 2Life Is Strange is a good game for u to play, but keep in mind, this game will hit u hard in the brain & heart, maybe u asking ""why?"" Well this game making choices, about teenager in school,bullying,friendship and enemies.... just like a normal college/school u know, we all know that school sucks, LELThing i like in this game-I like the atmosphere in this game (made u feels so calm)-the soundtrack fit perfectly in this game-the story 10/10-the character (even though it look so stoned)-and many other things....first, i dont really care when this game came out in 2015 im thinking Lis is a boring game (never played it or watch someone play it)but in 2016 episode 1 free, hey why not try this game its free... right?and then im into the game, episode 1 is ended, and i wanna know whats happening next, u know what?♥♥♥♥♥it im buying this game tommorowand i bought the full season 2-5, even though 12Hplaying its worth it $15Lis became one of my favourite game nowdamn im really into the game, just look at my profile its Lis thememy social media and other thingsi'd recommend this game! for teenager like me!10/10 story-i hope i can rewind time so i can play this game again without knowing whats happening...and yeah im still thinking about this game coz of the story-LIS BEFORE THE STORM IS RECOMMENDED"
76561198114268940,Recommended,319630,14244073,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Miss★Melea,"This ist such an intensive story and the music ist awesome. More like a game, absolutely magnetized from the characters.I'm totaly in love <3"
76561198084309440,Recommended,319630,14268042,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,HealthyKid,Wow. The soundtracks. All  I can say is wow.
,Recommended,319630,27635619,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,manggadurian,Nice Story
,Recommended,319630,15900902,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,KoLMiW,There's a little guide how to change your life:1st -get 20$ and buy this game2nd -play this game3rd -enjoy your new life
76561197988630318,Recommended,319630,31050438,Posted: 9 April,all,Solid,"If you enjoy such games as ""Beyond: Two Souls"", ""Fahrenheit"", ""Heavy Rain"" you will definetly like ""Life Is Strange""."
76561198059831887,Recommended,319630,15174181,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,BONFIRE,this is literally the best game that i have played from 2015 it does have some classic school cliche like rich kids are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sand the other ones are geting bullied but still there is something about this game that makes me smile and happy.the only bad thing about this game is the Lip sync but you wont even notice it. i strongly recommend this game to anyone  who likes a good story and mysteries. you cant really say much about the game without spoiling it
,Recommended,319630,14774418,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"Episode 1-3 reviewLife Is StrangeIS strange, but that's meant as a compliment.  This game is an episodic, story-driven game where gameplay is a gentle-paced exploration of strange events.  The game is heavily decision-based and your decisions do have quite an impact on the unfolding script.It all begins where Max (the protagonist) has a dream-like experience in class, only to find it wasn't a dream after all because the exact same events she saw in the vision are now happening all over again.  Not only did Max travel back a few moments in time, but she finds she can also manipulate events and change their course.  Whether you (as Max) choose to use this power at any given moment is mostly up to you, but one thing you can be guaranteed: changing an event will change what happens next!  And because you can rewind time a short distance, it does mean you can rewind your last decision to see what might otherwise have happened - but before all that sounds too easy, I should point out that some of the decisions you make don't have any impact whatsoever until later, so you often won't know what to do for the best.  There isn't always an obvious choice to make of the options available to you, which is great because you really can make the game your own.The story starts out gently enough.  A missing person is the backdrop to Max's typically rocky start in a new school.The controls are simple to learn and gamepads are supported fully.  It's not a difficult game to play, instead being more of a narrative experience lying somewhere between a typically good Telltale game (The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us) and less action-orientated narrative games such as Gone Home and Dear Esther.  If you enjoyed any of these titles then you will likely enjoy this.Three episodes in and the story has taken an altogether more serious and darker toner, with a real WTF! moment at the end.  No spoilers here, but you're in for a treat (or a shock)!"
,Recommended,319630,17330819,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,BattlePox,"No offense to TellTale, but I find Life is Strange a way better episodic game than any of theirs. Every choice you make has unforseen consequences and rewards in the following episodes, while most minor choices in TellTale games only effect the current episode. The key example of this is that you can actually prevent characters from dying (not naming any names to avoid spoilers for newcomers), which is great as I find you actually have time to learn about and get attatched to all of the characters you meet (both minor and major). The storytelling of the game coupled with the great voice acting creates a world that you can immerse yourself and spend hours upon hours in without even noticing, and the constant plot twists keep you on your toes. I could go on, but I'll save everyone some time by wrapping up my review here:If you're a fan of episodic games, Life is Strange is a must have."
76561197986902042,Recommended,319630,17397939,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Stormo,"This review was written right after the release of the fourth chapter.The Short of ItI recommend Life Is Strange, but with reservations. Firstly, it requires some time investment to get through the weaker first two episodes, and second, of course, it's a game about story, not explosions, fast cars, hot chicks, big guns and sunglasses indoors, so don't bother if those games are your (only) preference.The Long of ItLife Is Strange follows Max Caulfield, a college student whose life changes abruptly when she finds out she has a special power, one doubtless connected to the strange and ominous events occurring around her. Max is a bit of a gray mouse at Blackwell, but she is recognized as being talented and gifted in photography, the course she takes at the highly-prestigious school. Apart from Blackwell, though, Arcadia Bay, her hometown, is anything but prestigious, a rundown place of poverty and misery, held in the iron grip of the Prescott family and their fortune. This setting is the centre for a series of strange events both wonderful and terrible, and Max and her childhood friend Chloe find themselves the only ones who can uncover the truth behind these happenings.Life Is Strange is story-driven, and the gameplay is limited to interacting with objects and conducting dialogue, but since it's a game that relies on storytelling, this isn't a bother at all. Players looking for a profound experience instead of quick action (or perhaps as a break from it) will be more than satisfied with the barebones gameplay, since it leaves room for the story and characters to manifest optimally.The Right of ItWhen Life Is Strange says your choices matter, it actually means it. Unlike a certain second season of a certain story-based game about the ambulatory deceased, this game makes sure that your choices aren't purely cosmetic, and they don't get overridden two minutes later anyway, ""just because the game said so"". Your choices have a profound effect on the story, and every little one can matter. On the other hand, due to Max' special power, you will have the option of seeing how many of your choices play out (in the immediate future at least) and change them if you feel they didn't have the intended effect. Your choices, eye for detail, memory, and thoroughness of exploring the environment may determine if people live or die, break up or reconcile families, and form alliances and enmities. And all these effectslast, they don't just change a few lines of dialogue, they really change the story in a meaningful way.And the story you'll change is absolutely memorable and engaging. Once you make it through the first two chapters (see below) the story really reaches in, grabs you by the small intestine, and doesn't let go. The game throws curveballs at you (some more predictable than others) and from chapter three onward, events build up so quickly you'll be unable to put the game down. The ending of chapter three and first half of chapter four may be one of the best-written story segments in a video game ever, and after that, the game doesn't let you go for a moment either.The Wrong of ItThe storyline is engaging and gripping, but you'll have to invest some time in going through the first two episodes, which are very slow and rather lukewarm in content. I found the first two chapters to be a bit of a drag, without much story progress and without much excitement. Chapter one plays a bit like ""High School Drama: The Game"" and chapter two does little to help that. However, like I said, when you reach chapter three, you'll be glad you stuck it out.Another thing that did bother me about Life Is Strange so far is that, well, it's notashipster as I feared, but it does still aim heavily for the online-millennial crowd, and you can tell a bit too often that the game overeagerly caters to the very same crowd its story is centred on. A lot of the characters are flatly archetypical, even though the game does try to nuance them, and Max, the main character, teeters on the edge of the Abyss of Mary Sue, with Chloe pinwheeling right there next to her. This isn't to say the writing is bad, it isn't, at all, but there's a rather unfortunate bias and eagerness to please The Modern Internet Student running underneath it. Expect trendy social commentary, a negative view of authority and ""the privileged"", and of course the worship of bacon.There are more little nagging details, like the lack of proper lip sync which makes the game look like a bad Chinese kung fu-film dub, but those can be readily ignored by anyone with a decent suspension of dibelief.Lastly, the devs were dead-set on making the dialogue ""hip"" and ""neat"", so be prepared to tell yourself a few times that, wowsers, this dialogue can be hella cringey at times.The End of ItI was highly skeptical, both before playing and while playing the first two chapters, but my friends told me to stick it out, and I'm really glad I did. So buddy, you stick it out too, I promise, you'll be glad too."
,Recommended,319630,17254754,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ุ,"Life is Strange is an episodic adventure game from Dontnod, whose previous game, Remember Me, was also its first.In the style of most episodic games, Life is Strange relies on a choice-and-consequence narrative in which players take on the role of high school student Max Caulfield - a young woman with the power to rewind time. While the game focuses on Max's school life, it also sheds a light on her relationships and the mysterious disappearance of a local girl.As Max, players navigate school life through a linear path, interacting with classmates, teachers and friends through choice-driven dialogue. But these decisions aren't set in stone; once a conversation is over, you can choose to ""rewind"" time. You can relive a scenario as often as you like with no consequence, though your powers only allow you to back up for a set amount of time.Let's talk about Life is Strange's most obvious hook: the do-over. We get this a lot in video games, but it's mostly used as a life-saving mechanic — rewinding to avoid spikey pits, fireballs or any number of cartoonish things. With Life is Strange, Dontnod created a world in which conversation is your greatest foe. I spent a great deal of time picking a path, rewinding, and tumbling down the other hole. But you know what? That didn't always make it easier. Sometimes, I found myself second and triple guessing my responses.I see great things coming for this game. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,319630,17369979,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Salty Psycho,WAS OK
,Recommended,319630,20296061,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Halliday,"I wanna to start this review by saying that this is definitely in my top 10 games that I've played, if u like story based games (like The Walking Dead for example) u'll luv this one!STORY (Spoiler-Free & Short):U playin' as Max Caulfield, a student in art school, who out of nowhere learns how to rewind time. And she sees her best friend from her childhood, Chloe, after a long time and they start to solve a mystery of a missing girl together n' w/ all of that comes an amazing plot w/ a lot of a stuff going Max's life & school with all the different scenarios & relationships.The story overall was perfect, it had so many plotwists that it kept me interested all the way through, n' of course the humour was great as well.They established a great atmosphere on this game as well, amazing job with that.The characters in this game are as good as any game ever, they did all the different persons & personalities amazingly.I won't spoil it, but there are 2 different endings n' I must say that I was kind of disappointed with the one that I chose... Not cos' of the actual choice but cos' the game kind of didn't do justice to it. The other choice was so well put together & presented deeply but the ending I chose just didn't really show what happened...GRAPHICS:The game was also very very pretty. The graphics & camera angles were perfect. The game was really artistic & I really liked that, ever.GAMEPLAY:The game is point & click game, very similiar to Telltale's games. U make ur own choices & find different stuff as u wander around that matter the story.SOUNDTRACK:I had to make soundtrack as it's own category. This game has one of the BEST sondtracks of ANY game that I've ever played! The soundtrack is just absolutely amazing.VERDICT:I would suggest this game to almost everybody, if u are into story rich & choices matter games, this is ur choise.I just want to emphasise n' point out the excellence of all the characters & soundtrack of this game one more time, it was just mindblowingly good, this is truly a memorable game.SCORE:10 / 10"
,Recommended,319630,18718580,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,nutcrackr,"What if you could go back in time and change history? Would you fix your mistakes? There is only one catch, fixing your mistakes might cause severe problems in the future. This is the basic premise behind Life is Strange, a charming adventure game from DontNod Entertainment, where mistakes are a trial run and friendships last forever.Set in the idyllic seaside town of Arcadia Bay, the story centres around two great friends who are searching for a missing girl. To find her, they will use a time-rewind ability that allows you to change conversations and solve non-linear puzzles. You play as Max Caulfield, a softly-spoken photography student, who is joined by her best friend Chloe Price, a rebellious teenager. Together they experience joy and sorrow across 12-15 hours of memorable adventuring in five substantial episodes.From a gameplay perspective, it is most similar to the Telltale games. This means lots of conversations and basic puzzles. But rewinding time changes things for the better, and is used cleverly in some of the earlier episodes. It also has some exquisitely crafted scenes with brilliant camera angles and compositions. Also worth mentioning is the charming music, featuring slow guitar strumming and gentle voices, perfect for those emotional moments. Lip-syncing is really the biggest disappointment, not up to standard for a game with this much dialogue. It also needed more voice actors.Aside from these minor pitfalls, DontNod Entertainment has crafted an endearing, time-bending and memorable adventure with Life is Strange. It takes players on a quirky sci-fi adventure through time and space as they uncover the truth. It will be hard to forget the special moments these two great friends share.Read the full review"
,Recommended,319630,14292431,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,get back im evil :^),"This game is just... a masterpiece. It feels like a 90s adventure game(with wonderfully done graphics and a modern world) with telltale style choice making done right. This game has a telltale insipred choice making system and feels alot like i'm playing Heavy Rain(without the annoying aspects of it).With that out of the way the high school and characters really feels modern and accurate and real. if that's even a good way to put it. Some of the characters just seem like typical high school students to me. Which is another reason I adore this game . I rate this game 10/10 and my personal favorite of this year .Notice:Thank you to the devs, I look forward to seeing more from you and this game.this is all subjective and my opinion. I'm reviewing it based on my feelings about it and I love these types of games so I am likely biased. So my review should be taken with a grain of salt. If your looking for a great adventure game with more content coming soon this is a must buy.The game mechanics are also very well done but i'm not gonna go into that as this is a more personal review."
76561198115303847,Recommended,319630,14310083,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,oOFate/SteinerOo,"""This game has so many choices and consequences that I started judging my perspective of picking choices."" -Episode 1""Okay,this game is not like what you think It would be and its kinda F*ck up.""-Episode 2""Chaos Theory is just what its name said ""Chaos"".In this Ep you need to find Clues about Rechel and Kate,also the ending is pretty much like when you get free candy but when you open it up it's already expired."" -Episode 3""WAT DA F#@K?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!""-Episode 4""CRIED SO HARD"" -Episode 5.9/10 - Bitter and sweet at the same time."
,Not Recommended,319630,34082689,Posted: 7 August,all,LOTRUS28,"tl;drSnail-paced VN with poor 3D models and animation, created to tear up teenagers. Go watch 'Butterfly effect' with Kutcher — it is practically the same thing, but 6 times shorter.I still wonder how this game has received so many top reviews: it is completely unoriginal in plot and technologically sub-par.===================================The game is extremely disappointing. All the reviews go about how touching the story is, how much you bond with the characters and how your choices matter. It has taken me 13hrs to finish 'Life is Strange' and I deeply regret spending my weekend on it. Although I might have enjoyed it, had it been shorter.Well, first of all, the story is a ""Butterfly effect"" ripoff. Not absolutely lame, it had one major twist, but overall uderwhelming.As for the choices: they do not matter at all. In the end it all goes down to one big decision at the finale that cancels anything that you have achieved. Honestly, I was expecting a much wider decision tree with lots of bad endings, which would start branching at episode 3.But I gotta admit, that there quite a few ways to get to episode 5 (that, I emphasize, holds only 2 endings) which may entertain you until you get bored by the plot.The game will constantly tell you the choices matter but that is big fat lies. So feel free to choose whatever YOU want as there is no way to end up in a non-existing bad ending.I didn't feel emotional in any parts of the game. That may indicate that only the most sensitive people get to finish this game and leave a positive review, while people more like me tend to drop it halfway. I considered dropping it at episode 3, but still was hoping to see more basic problems discussed in end episodes. But unfortunately. I get just a story about how you can't judge a book by its cover and how important friendship is.The gameplay is the weakest part of 'Life is Strange'. You may like the story, but gameplay is what nobody can enjoy. Despite it being basically a VN , you can't fast forward or access text log, you constantly have to watch annoyingly long cut scenes with emo music and sometimes the game will throw boring tasks at you like 'collect five bottles'.Also the movement speed has really gotten on my nerve. You may jog in the game, but there is virtually no difference between jogging and walking.My overall impression of the gameplay that the developers have decreased the pace of 'Life is Strange' as much as they could on purpose, so they could publish it as a 13h 5-part game and not as a 4h short VN.The replay value is extremely low. Firstly, you lose interest in replaying as soon as you learn there are only 2 endings. And secondly, you can't speed up the replay, which means you'll practically need to sit through all the scenes you have already seen to discover the new ones."
,Not Recommended,319630,26669640,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rainsford,"Lynn H. Hough once said that, ""life is a journey, not a destination."" This game is an amazing journey and quite the roller coaster of emotions. I never knew I could care about video game characters this much.As for the destination, my personal opinion is that the ending did not reflect the choices you made earlier in the game. Throughout the game you were able to use your powers to really make a difference in other people's lives, however in the end you realize how helpless you are to change reality and the horrible consequences if you do. I felt like the carpet was pulled out from under me. I knew the game was about hard choices, but this seemed really callous.When it comes to my life, well, as much as I want it to make sense it often doesn't. Life is a journey. Life is... you know... strange.When it comes to games, however, the destination does matter to me and I thought this game did not end on a very satisfying note._____________________________________EDIT: Even though the quote above is frequently attributed to Ralph Waldo Emerson, it was not actually said by Ralph Waldo Emerson. Thank you S-ed for pointing that out. Sorry about that.EDIT 2: For those who have played the game, here is a long SPOILER-ific explanation of why these specific endings soured my view of this journey.When I read ""Sacrifice Arcadia Bay"" I thought of the hundreds of innocent people I might be sacrificing, including friends and family I tried to help for the past few episodes. Could I kill them to save Chloe? It’s portrayed ambiguously enough to make for some interesting speculation, but is that really a good way to end the majority of the characters’ plot lines? “You killed them… maybe”The other ending, where you let Chloe die, nullifies everything you ever did while playing for the past 10-20 hours. The game ends in the first 15 minutes because you screwed everything up by trying to save anyone. The rest of the game is indeed a journey with no destination besides the experiences you already had.For example, because of the butterfly effect, you can’t prevent Kate’s suicide. Like Chloe, Kate was DESTINED to die and you only saved her because of your powers. It was great to at least know her right? In our journey of life! Before we (Ending 1) possibly save her and then kill her to save Chloe (Ending 2) inevitably let her kill herself so we don’t screw up time, again.That’s sickening! Why even give me the choice to save her, if only to tell me she has to die?In both endings you end up ruining other people's lives, people you were trying to help. You come to the horrible realization that Max was the problem and not the solution. That Max really can’t change anything… at least without ruining everything.A coldhearted conclusion to a genuinely emotional journey."
76561198155094124,Not Recommended,319630,30534284,Posted: 15 March,all,armofpilot,"I honestly loved this game until the last episode. It got me back into gaming after quite a whilie away.But the end of the story is garbage, for all the reasons everyone else has explained. Your choices feel inconsequential. The developers make it very clear which is the ""right"" ending and punish you for choosing incorrectly. And in many other ways that would be spoilers the way the two ends go is a total f-you to the fans of the game. It doesn't matter how engaged I was in the rest of the episodes, if you end a story (or a story based game) terribly, then it's not an enjoyable experience.It's also really turned me off of getting any games like this before all the episodes are out and I can read some reviews about the overall story. I certainly won't trust these developers again."
,Recommended,319630,14243701,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MrASSASSINo CSGO500,"Had a vision about tornado destroying the town.Woke up, took a selfie.Went to bathroom, saw my old best friend getting shot.Woke up, took a selfie.Best game ever!Now seriously, this game is just great. I love the story, I love the graphics.Found no bugs in it and I'm loving it, there is just something special about it which cannot be described.Good thing is that I bought all episodes and I hope they will be as good as the first one!"
,Recommended,319630,18594410,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Boss:  ✖‿✖,Emotionaly soul crushing.9.5/10
,Recommended,319630,16642939,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Yester,If you like The Longest Journey for it's world and plot - this will suit you :)Pro:+ Perfect setting.+ Interface.+ Time disruptions!+ Final summary.Cons:- No real puzzles at all.- It is to obvious what really have impact on the world development.
,Recommended,319630,19817309,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,r2j2612,I.....Just.......Didnt expect this.....Thank you Dontnod....oh and you suck too for the  ending.Toomuch to take in.
76561198014592552,Recommended,319630,28898401,Posted: 1 January,all,flapjack,Soundtrack alone makes me recomend this game.
,Recommended,319630,16953547,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gizmo,"After playing episodes 1,2 and 3 I can very safely HIGHLY recommend this great game. It took me a little bit to get into the first episode, but the time travel hooked me in and the story just gets better and much more deeper the more it goes on. If you can get past the slight occasions of bad 'teeny' dialogue,especially in the first episode, then this game is a gem, I am so excited to see where the last 2 episodes take this game!"
,Recommended,319630,18591440,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LexySnipes,Don't buy this game unless you want to be taken on an emotional rollercoaster..I'm currently drowning in feelings thanks to the finale.
,Recommended,319630,28675632,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,drowning in pussy,"ContextIn my English class I had an assignment to create a review of anything I wanted but it had to be in the format of a magazine. So I chose something I genuinely cared about, my favourite game: ""Life is Strange."" I put in so much time and effort into this assignment that I was pleased when the teacher gave me a 94% and claimed she's interested in playing Life is Strange even with her general dislike of video games.If you'd like to see what the review looks like with the format of a magazine, here is thelinkthough the format still got messed up while posting it as a pdf, the white spaces are the top and bottom of pages that got merged together :/The ReviewLife is Strange is an episodic, choice-driven story game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Square Enix. It has 5 episodes that were released throughout 2015 following the game’s initial release.In Life is Strange, you play from the perspective of a 18 year old girl named Maxine Caulfield (Hannah Telle), the game begins with Max waking up from a nightmare about a storm with a tornado that rips through Arcadia Bay, the town she lives in. She wakes up in her usual photography class.One of the first actions you can perform is taking a “selfie” with Max’s Polaroid camera, this is quite a humorouscontrast compared to what is soon to unravel.After the class, Max rushes to the restroom to compose herself because of the nightmare. There, she witnesses Nathan Prescott (Nik Shriner) murder a girl. In one single effort, she throws her arm up and accidentally rewinds time only to end up back in her photography class. Knowing what is about to happen, she rushes to the restroom after class and sets off the fire alarm before Nathan can kill the girl. Max finds out that the girl she saved was actually her childhood friend, Chloe Price (Ashly Burch). And from there, the game unfolds.Life is Strange is more than it might seem at first, to some it’s just your usual graphic adventure game that continues through choice. But that’s not exactly true, Life is Strange adds the aspect of time travel, meaning you can rewind time to change the choices you have made, you can see every outcome and sometimes there isn’t a “right choice” or “correct way” to do it. This can lead to some regrettable and heartbreaking choices.The developers behind Life is Strange have made a very out-of-place game in today’s society.  Life is Strange tackles subjects that are usually taboo in videogames. Some aspects of the game are about social division, parental conflict, online bullying and even teen suicide. This is a very bold move to put all this into a game, but it genuinely works really well and adds a very “real” value to all the characters even if some are based off stereotypes.In my opinion, this is possibly the greatest game I have ever played, which will probably surprise people I know. I bought the first episode within the month of its release and I loved it so much I bought the entire game before it was even fully released. I played every episode the day it came out and each episode left me laughing or in tears. Many choices in the game seemed to me, impossible to make. The character development and my personal love or hatred of characters made things even more difficult. But I think that was Dontnod Entertainment’s goal. There shouldn’t be an obvious “right” or “wrong” choice.In some cases there were lip-syncing problems and to some people, Dontnod Entertainment was using “cheap” ways to progress the plot. But people are just too used to high budget games. Life is Strange started with a development team of only 15 people, that’s unbelievable to me considering every texture and piece of art in the game is hand drawn to have a really unique and distinct look.Because of the sorts of themes in Life is Strange, suicide, online bullying, etc. The people behind Life is Strange have opened up a page on the game’s website dedicated to suicide/crisis hotlines in 14 different countries. This proves that the Life is Strange team recognises that these problems and issues seen in the game are actually real and happening everyday.  This dedication makes the game even more amazing to me.When it was announced that a limited edition version of the game would be released as a physical copy, I took that opportunity and bought one the day it was released. It included the soundtrack, a disc for the game and a book of concept art drawn before the game’s release. The concept art was actually really amazing to look at, some of it had been loosely drawn and coloured with what looked like water colour pencils. Some was more neat and tidy, but in general the artwork was really stunning.Overall I’d have to say Life is Strange is a 9.5/10. Everything about it was purely amazing, even though there were very sad moments throughout;  it was an absolute pleasure to play. I’d say I’m happy with the choices I made and the way it ended for me."
,Recommended,319630,18578126,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,RTMelissa,"This game really caught me by surprise, at first I thought it was your typical game that you made some choices that in the end didn't matter. But now that I am at the end of the ride I can fully say that this game really impacted in my own choices IN REAL LIFE. The game carries a lot of thoughts behind it, and it's executions on how it delivers them is as close as I think games will get to art. I'm not saying it's flawless either, there's some hit and miss on the dialog but overall it managed to satisfy my suspension of disbelief long enough to develop some really deep feelings for the characters and that is sometimes very hard to do in a game. This is my opinion however so you might take it or leave it when it comes to you deciding to get this game, I completely recommend it and encourage you to go through this experience of a game."
,Recommended,319630,16691394,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,m14aria,"One of the best games i played so far, when you play it, you just get a really great and relaxing feeling. while walking around or just sitting somewhere or... everything is well made.and now i'm eagerly waiting for the last Episodes.10/10 - suggest buy this"
,Recommended,319630,18675922,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,noodle,If George R. R. Martin and Madeleine L'Engle ever gave birth to an emotionally manipulative psychopath........
,Recommended,319630,27492486,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Suicidal_Fence,Downright one of the best written stories of this generation of gaming.
,Recommended,319630,18674822,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ozner14,"Ep. 1 = Epic d@nk conversations of high school meme machine t33ns. Who the f*** uses ""hella""?Ep. 2 = MAX YOU ARE A LEGIT SUPERHERO NOW!!Ep. 3 = Wait.... WHAAAT?!Ep. 4 = NNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ep.5 = *legit crying* I'm so SORRY!!This is seriously the first game to make me cry and made the feels train roll over me.10/10 - Would hella rewind time and play it again. Hella..."
76561198029727775,Recommended,319630,32932871,Posted: 28 June,all,jossagalia,"I would like to write a review but ""This action will have consequences..."" :)One world about it: Awesome."
76561198074061506,Recommended,319630,16261986,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dishes,"This game is freaking amazing! They capture being a teenager in High School absolutely perfectly! I've never seen a game so acurately portraying teens before! Not only that, but thte emotions it draws out in you while playing through the decisions you make are incredible! Amazing suspense! Amazing story! Absolutely amazing game! Totally worth the money and time to play this, one of my favorite games I've ever played!"
76561198012736376,Recommended,319630,28162263,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sajko,Simply Amazing.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18580290,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,M3LL155X ☮,Just gotta let go
,Recommended,319630,17293006,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,🌌 мσяια∂υѕ 🌌,"This game hits me real hard in the feels, man.I have a ""wtf"" moment at the end of each episode, realize what just happened, and then burst into tears.It really is a great game.Beautiful overall, very unique, very interactive, great storyline, you really get to know the characters, and your choices really do impact the game.It is worth the money. You will not regret purchasing this.But be warned... You will shed many tears.."
,Recommended,319630,18807809,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,rickraposo,"Nice gameplay, many options, lots of interactions, very rewind, much cheat, wow"
,Recommended,319630,18618577,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,KremlinDusk,"One of the best games I've ever played. Period.The realest characters you'll ever come across, thrown into one of the best storylines a game has been fortunate enough to ever be blessed with. Each episode is rich with story that just makes you want more and more.My only wish is that I had more time with the likes of Maxine, and Chloe(yes, I totally ship them). This was an amazing experience, and the publishers that turned this game down made the biggest mistake of their careers by doing so.0311/10 wanted to take a picture of Mark Jefferson in the last episode to give to him for the 'Everyday Heroes' contest. y u not do dis?"
,Recommended,319630,33216611,Posted: 3 July,all,God,This is the game that touches your heart.
,Recommended,319630,27168807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MinX,Nominated for “Just 5 More Minutes” Award
,Recommended,319630,32286719,Posted: 9 June,all,9warbane,Hella good.
76561198006659730,Recommended,319630,32069574,Posted: 30 May,all,Sleek Elk,"Absolutely Beautiful game. From the characters, to the story, to the gameplay, to the thematic graphics. It was a total joy and honorable pleasure to indulge myself in what I now consider, to be one of the greatest games of all time."
,Recommended,319630,17475673,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,WiiWalker,"tl;dr:This game is extremely well written and carefully put together to bring usone ofthe best story-driven game to date. The sheer amount of secrets and details which await at every corner of Arcadia Bay is mind blowing. You are missing out on the speculations and the anticipation until the next Episode if you're not already playing this before the release of Episode 5, but you're very welcome to start playing this afterwards too.Life Is Strange is an interactive story telling game about high school drama, making decisions, drugs and alcohol, mobbing, time travel and mysteries.I've never come across a game that told me watering my plant would have consequences. 10/10Long Version:Contains minor spoilers from the beginning of Episode 1 (blacked out)Life Is StrangeLife Is Strange brings us indeed the strangest story about Life spiced up with just the right amount of fiction. You're playing asMaxine Caulfield, the main protagonist, who is an 18-year-old aspiring photographer and senior at Blackwell Academy. You've been in Seattle for a while but went back to your childhood townArcadia Bayto study photography.The game starts with you waking up in class after a nightmare where you're seeing a storm. Everything seems fine and boring as always. You're in middle of class and don't know the answers to the question the teacher is asking. So after class finishes you walk through the hallway to the bathroom to splash some water onto you're face. This is where the magic happens. A beautiful blue butterfly flies through the window and you getthephoto opportunity of your life. The butterfly seems to glow and you feel somethingstrange. Suddenly a boy gets into the girls restroom and is panicking about something you're about to find out. Another girl is coming in and they get into a dispute untilthe boy brings up his weapon and shoots. You're reaching out a hand as if it could change anything and thenithappens.The game starts with you waking up in class after a you've witnessed a girl die in the bathroom. Everythingseemsfine and boring as always except you're highly tensed and hoping that you've dreamed again. You're remembering and retracing everything thathad happened(?)in class before and try out your newly discovered ability. Congratulations, you're a human time machine! You don't want that poor girl in the restroom to die and have to prevent the boy from shooting her. Yet again you're going to the bathroom but this time it's with other intentions. You retrace everything: splash you're face with water, a butterfly flies through the window, you take a photo and the boy comes in. This is it, you have to do something. Afraid that the boy could hurtyou,you trigger the fire alarm and everyone gets out of school. You've successfully altered time.Later you find out that this girl isChloe Elizabeth Price, your childhood friend that you've left alone when you moved to Seattle with your parents.From now on things are getting stranger and stranger as you play through each of the chapters and episodes. Episode 1 gives you plenty of time tosit down and relaxand in general just allow you to enjoy the atmosphere of the game. From the second Episode onwards, you discover a fair amount of secrets about Arcadia Bay, it's characters and secrets. The story-telling is mesmerizing and I couldn't stop playing just because I wanted to find out what it is going on in that town.Every choice you makeactuallyaffect the past, present and future.CharactersMaxMaxine Caulfield is the main protagonist and has the ability tomanipulatetime and space by rewinding and changing her choices. She loves photography and art.ChloeChloe Elizabeth Price is Max's childhood friend and a rebel. She was best friends with Rachel Amber who disappeared suddenly a while ago. Chloe has blue hair and cool punk clothes. Do I have to say more?RachelRachel Dawn Amber was best friends with Chloe before she disappeared. No one knows where she went or if she is still alive. The police already stopped searching but Chloe is still desperately looking out to find her.NathanNathaniel Joshua Prescott is a student at Blackwell Academy and has rich and influential parents. Why did he meet up with Cloe and what is wrong with him?These are just a few of the main characters and there are many more to discover in the game. The story around these characters is well written and we get to learn about both their good and bad sides. We have a fair amount of time to discover the secrets and mysteries which contribute well to the main story of the game.MusicThe music in this game fits so well with the characters and the story like no game I've ever played. It adds a ton to the atmosphere and character development as we find out about their miseries and feelings. Each and every track and it's lyrics fit perfectly to the situation and have a much deeper meaning and ongoing message to transmit if you listen cautiously. These are instant must haves as you listen to them and they stick in your heads with each mind blowing new discovery you make.ConclusionI've already spent a lot of time with this game and am shocked by all the little details the developer thought of. There are a lot of tiny secrets waiting in every corner of Arcadia Bay to be found by you. The concept of time traveling mixed with the case of a lost girl keep you eager to playjust a littlemore until it's too late to get enough sleep for work/school.This game is both emotionally and story-wise very heart touching and intense. The consequences of each decision you make are so real that you keep finding yourself rewinding time over and over again to weigh up theprosandconsof the choice you make. And you're only going to find out what happens next if you've decided and are ready to move on. This already is a lecture for life and the game offers so many more.Life Is Strange is an interactive story telling game about high school drama, making decisions, drugs and alcohol, mobbing, time travel and mysteries.I've never come across a game that told me watering my plant would have consequences. 10/10If you need any help or want someone to talk please feel free to visithttp://lifeisstrange.com/talk/"
76561198172406765,Recommended,319630,29768772,Posted: 7 February,all,[Tenta]-Kulte,"Buy the 5 chapters CUS :Best story never seen in a videogame, that should be a serie Tv..... very good game with a real story and reals impacts in this one, suspense, dramas.... all of need a strong story ....PS: Maxine Caulfield , i secretly loves u ....But Chloe First :)"
,Recommended,319630,33078836,Posted: 1 July,all,Mani,"Life is Strange is one of very few games which has both heartful storylines and equally matched visuals and gameplay, in my opinion. I would totally recommend this game to anybody and let them drown in this beauty of this game. To be short, An Awesome Game!!"
,Recommended,319630,15932784,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Manfre,"ENGLISHThis is one of the few games thatmustbe purchased.The environment, the sound department and graphics make it even more fascinating the story that lies behind this masterpiece.The story, at first seems a bit confusing but then reveals itself in all its beauty and originality.ITALIANQuesto è uno dei pochi giochi chedeveessere comprato.L'ambientazione, il comparto sonoro e grafico rendono ancora più avvincente la storia che si cela dietro questo capolavoro.Storia che all'inizio sembra un po confusionaria ma che poi si rivela in tutta la sua bellezza e originalità."
,Recommended,319630,14292230,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lmarg,One of the best games I have ever played! Can't wait for Episode 2! I just hope it will come out soon!?
76561198025165873,Recommended,319630,30329160,Posted: 4 March,all,pmaestro,Overwhelmingly Positive indeed.
76561198078985939,Recommended,319630,18603692,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Just some n00b,"HOLY CROW, GAME!!!!How can you make me choose *THAT*??!!!(you know what I'm talking about, don't act innocent!)You made me cry like the little b*tch I am!!5000/10would play (and cry my eyes out) again and again (then reverse it, and do it again!)"
,Recommended,319630,28365299,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,NessQuik,"This game is so beautiful, I have no other words for it10/10 for sure"
,Recommended,319630,26696562,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hi,A nice game.This is divine game.I want to erase the memory and pass the game again.This is the best game.I want erase his memory and pass the game again .Developers if you're reading this review then I ask you to create a new part of the game.
,Recommended,319630,16116091,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pyrohazord,"Life is Strange.Indeed it is, This game took me by surprise, I wasn't expecting it to make such an influence on myself as it did.If you like ""The Butterfly Effect"" films, This game is a must have!This game not only makes you jump with fear, ache by heart, and warm your bones, it also makes you think about your own life and what you would do if you could re-create choices made.I recommend this game to all Types of Gamers."
76561198093279398,Recommended,319630,31398431,Posted: 27 April,all,Starchild,"What an amazing game/story. It got me right into it from the beginning. I loved it so much. I am definitely gonna play it again and try to make other choices. It's a whole journey and it doesn't feel like just a game, it's much much more. It really did something to me, and made me think about a lot of things. Best story game I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,17273017,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kortirion,"Life is Strange gets better with each episode. It starts as a somewhat innocent seeming teenage-high school drama but builds layers upon layers as it progresses. A brooding, unsettling feeling is established very early on in the game. Not everything is quite right in the seemingly idyllic and sleepy Arcadia Bay, and not everyone is as they seem. Life is Strange explores the strength of friendship and the darkest depths of the human condition through the lens of an aspiring young photographer with a special gift that allows her to rewind time and try to do what we'd all like to: correct the mistakes of our past.The game offers a tremendous amount of content to analyze and ponder in a thrilling, riveting mystery-adventure format featuring a touching coming of age story populated with interesting, multi-dimensional characters. These characters are developed naturally, rather than with clichéd exposition found in lesser narratives. Even very minor characters have the potential for interesting development depending on player interaction. These characters are clearly not only a product of their births, but also of their experiences.Life is Strange conducts itself with minimal moralizing and recognition of the complexities of human nature. Critiques by reactionary misogynists seem to be unfounded as strong, sympathetic male characters emerge over time (somewhat dependent on player choice). All the while it explores the very real dangers and abuses women suffer by the hands of some psychotic, entitled and insecure men.Decidedly less 'feminist' concerns such as bullying, corruption, man's ignorance and hubris towards nature, and how society marginalizes its ill are also tackled masterfully. Topics within science and mysticism are a recurring theme and are handled in a balanced, mature manner and seemingly without much bias.Equipped with a fantastic, fitting and seamlessly immersive soundtrack including Indie selections and original compositions from Jonathan Morali, excellent (for the most part) voice acting and a beautiful, handpainted feel to the visuals. Technical mishaps (most notably the lip syncing in earlier episodes - *now fixed in a recent patch*) have been vastly improved upon in later episodes.While still early, this could very well be one of the greatest games ever made and is definitely one of the strongest showpieces for video games as art. The unique impact of LiS could not be replicated by any other medium and shows how interactivity is critical to the poignancy and transcendent qualities of this artform when it is at its finest.Highly recommended*A couple of quick notes on EP 5 that I will rewrite into the review at a later date:+ Two emotional 'grey' endings. Somewhat 'predictable' (I prefer to say 'foreshadowed' - how else would it end?). Thankfully no cop out 'happy endings' that insult the player's intelligence with a Hitchcockian explanation of the phenomena and choices in the game (juxtapose with the ending of the Hitchcock film 'Psycho' - the psychoanalysis). Could have really used a plant influenced ending though, clearly not watering the plant and letting it die should have turned the storm into a nuclear holocaust. ;)+ Phenomenal art direction, particularly in the nightmare / penultimate segment.+ Themes and philosophical content remained consistently poignant (lack of taking sides on religion / science, environmental concerns etc)- Minor quibbles with some of the antagonist's dialogue and actions near the beginning but developed well. Will probably resolve with further reflection."
,Recommended,319630,32209208,Posted: 5 June,all,plipz,"I dont normally write reviews but this game has moved me so much that I am absolutely compelled to write a review about it.I dont know even where to begin about this game. But I'll start with this. This has probably been the best game I have ever played and I have played a lot out there trust me. I have a particular affinity to games that have deep and rich stories and I have never developed such a deep and emotional connection as I have with the characters of this game. This game feels so fleshed out and beautifully directed and created. There is a raw connection that feels like I am living someone else's life for a change and this game has fundamentally affected my philosophy on life. Prior to playing this I felt cocooned and detached to the world like I have my life to live and my problems to worry about. But after playing this and experiencing the life and problems of the protagonist, I am forever changed. Never has a game affected me so profoundly. I realize now that we each live and play out our own lives even if it doesnt conciously feel that way to us. The developer has made this game in such a way that I am connected to humanity as a whole and that I am not alone in this crowd. I feel like this is a hallmark/milestone on how games should be made! It has made a significant impact on my life and I definitely recommend it to everyone who loves deep and meaningful stories. Its an easy enough game and can be finished in one weekend but its impact will last a lifetime.TL;DR: I definitely reccomend this game to anyone looking for some feels and what a great game ought to be and I am not the same person because of it!"
,Recommended,319630,29812291,Posted: 9 February,all,queen rah,I play this game at least once a year. Its messages and its story have touched my life in an unbelievable way.I know that many people don't think that video games can be so touching and important to our daily lives - however - I have found that playing Life is Strange has changed my life in an overwhelmingly positive way.I cannot recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,319630,15059457,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,D1EGO,Прекрасная история. Красивая игра. Приятный саунтрек. :)
76561198300686066,Recommended,319630,26332799,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DaredeViL,There isnt anything i dislike in this game.This is really a very good game infact the best game i had ever played.I couldnt stop thinking abt max & chloe all the time now.Splashing water on max's face changed her life.Playing this game changed my life.Life is really hella strange.
,Recommended,319630,19345996,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Atheneite,"♥♥♥♥ yeah, life is strange is such a unique adventurei never felt so powerful and so powerless at the same timedefinetely goty for me10/10"
76561198051580527,Recommended,319630,18726885,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Orech,"The ending was very sad, not because the ending itself, but because there will never be another great game like this."
,Recommended,319630,18729423,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bastwood,"I like the concept of episodic games. Telltale Games' episodic efforts from 2006 onwards did their part in revitalizing the ailing adventure game genre. However, in order to reach a wider audience, the tricky, show-stopping puzzles gradually had to give room for more story-focused experiences that emphasized player choice and consequence.A yet unsurpassed high point was reached with 2012's The Walking Dead Season One, and since then we've seen other studios start to flex their episodic muscles as well. The strongest new contender in the field is definitely Dontnod Entertainment with Life is Strange.Life is Strange tells a refreshingly grounded story about a high school student who discovers she can turn back time. Despite featuring an apparent superpower, the scope and tone of the game are kept relatively unpretentious. Everything is happening in a small coastal town, with events unfolding in a very laidback fashion.LiS spends a lot of time building its atmosphere, succeeding admirably. The graphics are stylized but not cartoony, with several very well framed shots (photography is one the main subjects of the game, after all) that use color to great effect. The indie soundtrack cements the tone further with several wistful coming-of-age tunes.The ability to rewind time allows for some occasional puzzles, but relationships with other people always take precedence over other mysteries. Life is Strange features some highly memorable supporting characters that you genuinely learn to loathe or love. There are some tough decisions to make especially during the midpoint of the season, which I felt was the strongest part of the game.As Life is Strange moved to its final act the tone got way darker with skeletons tumbling out of the closets. I totally think the game earns the progression and the groundwork is laid well, but unfortunately the scope and theme veered too far into science fiction territory for my liking. The last episode felt very fragmented, trying to accomplish too much in too little time and forcibly nudging the game to be larger-than-life.The conclusion of the series was still satisfactory, but with a stronger home stretch Life is Strange would have had a real shot at dethroning The Walking Dead. After all is said and done, as a whole LiS stands as one of the few truly great episodic games of recent years, a story totally worth experiencing, clearly crafted with love. Telltale needs to take notes; This is what the genre needs right now."
76561198069477299,Recommended,319630,28451390,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Host,"My god this game is something else... Where do I even start...? Life Is Strange does something very few games are capable of doing. You actually feel like you know these characters, you feel like you care for them. You develop an emotional connection with them. You end up experiencing all of their emotions. Life Is Strange is a work of art. I have never felt this way about a game, I had never even written a review of a Steam game until now...10/10 - A MasterpieceWarning: You will experience a LiS depression phase.**If this phase lasts more than two weeks, seek professional consulting at r/lifeisstrange."
,Recommended,319630,18731262,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,CoroTrain CHOO CHOO,"Screw you dontnod. You made me drop a tear at the end. I feel less manly now.It's true, there are no serveral endings, just two... but still, it was a beautiful experience till that point."
,Recommended,319630,27358937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rkiwtir,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
,Recommended,319630,26161513,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Azeryk,"I heard plenty of good things before playing this game, and I'd played many of these story games before, but it still surprised me just how much I enjoyed it.I was quickly engrossed by the characters and locations in the game, but it's the emotional story which really takes this to another level, and leads you to having to make very difficult choices which aren't black/white. The final decision has to be one of the toughest I've had to make in gaming.Well worth the full price imo."
76561197995330955,Recommended,319630,20099560,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mulerio,Truly amazing game with a beautiful and moving story. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18582449,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Diemos,Your gonna get some hella feels playing this game. You won't be ready.Bae over Bay anyday.
,Recommended,319630,29980152,Posted: 17 February,all,FAF Corp.GeneralFAF,"Pros:- Great Music and Soundtrack- Graphics and Story quality is good- If you ever played story rich games like The Walking Dead Series by Telltale Games, you should like/try/buy this game too. (but this game is not about zombies, etc)- The story depends on your choices- Maybe you will get mixed feeling, emotion, etc. during gameplayCons :- Low Replayability. (because you already know the storyline after 1st completion, It still ok to replay it 1-2 times for achievement or alternate ending/choices, more than that you will get bored easily)8.5/10 . Recommend this game"
,Recommended,319630,33125006,Posted: 2 July,all,Clementine,"I will do my best to keep this review spoiler clean! But its just wow! This game.. I have no words for it! Its an amazing game with ALOT of emotions involved as soon as you start to play the game you get attached to them! I loved this game alot! Defi one of my favourite games! Great graphics, great storytelling, great gameplay, AN ALOT OF EMOTIONS! I recommend this game to everyone! Its worth the 20 bucks! (since the same sale is almost over) And if you dont know it yet just play episode 1 that's how i got hooked to this game and i have no regrets of buying this game! 9.6/10 ;D"
,Recommended,319630,35030023,Posted: 17 September,all,Darkz01,this game is golden!!!
,Recommended,319630,28969261,Posted: 3 January,all,VK,"9.9/10 for this, one of the best story games in the history of evolution of HUMAN MANKIND!Pros:--Amazing story. (You won't be bore doesn't matter you're at which part of game)-Gameplay is good. (Well for a game like this gameplay is really amazing)-Graphics. (Geez.. Who cares about graphics when the story is so freaking awesome)-Dialogues concept is also good.-Feels like we're in our own world with this game.-We can mess with timeline like ""The Flash"" and ""Doctor Strange"" (Which is awesome)-Really fun to play.-Full of excitement.-Worth the money.-Damn feels directly in the heart.Cons:--A single spoiler can ruin the fun of game. So avoid spoilers.Will recommend this game to everyone out there."
,Recommended,319630,18589445,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Renegade Killer Bee,"Sigh. What to say about a game that decided to throw all of its potential into the trash with the very last episode?Smart, I guess, since the game had everybody hooked with the first four episodes. But like the great Freddie Mercury sang: “It started off so well”…First, the good.Life is Strange is a game that depends on the relationships between characters, and the attachment that grows between player and characters. What made Life is Strange powerful for me was the coming-of-age story that it is – for teenage characters to come to terms with, and confront, difficult concepts like grief, loss and ultimately, acceptance, was great to see and executed with a bittersweet, very human touch. Chloe is a beautiful example of this – she starts out as an angry, defiant hellraiser, even with her estranged best friend, but develops into a mature, appreciative woman in a matter of days through the difficult events that are testing the residents of Arcadia Bay.There’s a lot to explore in the quaint little coastal town of Arcadia Bay and its high school, Blackwell Academy. Through exploration, you discover more about the backstories and problems of minor characters – even if they have given you reason enough to dislike them in the main narrative. It’s easy to pass up or miss some of these opportunities, but it wouldn’t make the game quite so good if you did. DONTNOD have created a sufficiently immersive world in that regard, because it feels like something’s always simmering in the background in Arcadia Bay. Max’s adventures are not all there is to the world; some of her schoolmates are wrestling with their own demons too.Of course, the rewinding of time is a neat little mechanic too. What makes Max’s powers poignant to me is how they mainly exist to help her grow and mature as a character. What starts out as a convenient power to have then teaches her the danger involved in defying ‘fate’ and the difficulties involved in trying to shape events that should be beyond anybody’s control. The ability to use your rewind powers in tiny situations – such as when you’ve upset an acquaintance – is a nice human touch, because who hasn’t wished they could take things back? Who hasn’t ever hoped for a chance at a do-over? Even one of the core mechanics to the game is intended to appeal emotionally to the player.Then, the not-so-great.At times, the twists are unnecessary and feel as if they exist purely to shock – but that I could handle, because they do still serve a purpose in the story, and in this game, the objective really seems to be the growth and development of all characters involved. Still, the dialogue and the events could’ve used a more subtle, nuanced touch at certain points, but most people would be willing to overlook these flaws because the focus has always been on the people and relationships in the narrative. One criticism has been that the dialogue can be forced and cheesy.Finally, the dealbreaker.I regret to say that the closing episode really killed the entire game for me. I’ll always have fondness for the first four episodes, but in Episode 5, the game tried too hard to be things that it was not and decided to shelf the minor details in favour of the main ‘story’ about Max and Chloe. Perhaps a prudent decision, but not particularly satisfying or helpful lore-wise when you remember that many potential plot points, like the overarching influence of the Prescott family, the strange popularity of the missing girl Rachel Amber, and the native American symbolism woven like a thread throughout the fabric of the game, all remained woefully underused. Even things that were directly mentioned in the game went neglected in the final episode.Bearing in mind the deeper sufferings and motivations of even the side characters, the story’s main villain was a mere caricature by the beginning of Episode 5. The first half an hour or so was a mad rush of exposition and nonsensical ramblings of a madman. Not exactly the best use of your time and resources, DONTNOD. Then, the game takes you through a series of trippy dreamscapes – very out-of-place, considering that although Max’s powers are very magical, she’s always dealt with reality and the myriad possibilities that are constantly in flux through the narrative. The hour or so of navigating unrealistic nightmares suddenly felt very foreign and overused to me – what is with everyone who wants the player to experience some kind of bizarre psychological acid trip within the game? (Far Cry 3 boss battles anyone?) Also, it was a poor choice to spend all that time recapping the ‘crucial’ moments of the game while the episode was in progress. People forgave the atrocity of this episode precisely because of the attachments they had formed to Chloe and Max – there was definitely no need to remind us of the emotional moments again. Then, the classic Mass Effect 3 mistake. Red, Green or Blue (although there were only two choices in this game) that served to negate every single meaningful decision in this game. Perhaps it was fitting that Chloe has to remind Max that we live for the journey and not the destination – perhaps they anticipated the criticism and meant that to be a direct message for the player, because that definitely reverberated through the fourth wall and felt like a patronizing, direct slap to the face.Sorry, DONTNOD. I’ve been known to revisit games and replay them countless times, but Episode 5 wasn’t a closer, it really was the nail in the coffin.Rating: “Was it all wasted, all that love?” 5/10, 5 whole points taken off for the disappointing finisher. Play for the first four episodes and just write your own fanfic ending afterward."
,Recommended,319630,28769663,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZerØ_ 零,"Шикарнейшая игра! Играя в нее, ты способен полностью погрузиться в атмосферу Аркадия Бэй: чувствовать лучи солнца, лёгкий ветерок, теплоту и ламповость. Не знаю как, но этому шедевру и в правду удаётся сделать это! Глубокий сюжет, найкрутейшие повороты событий, конечно же, влияние вашего выбора на основную сюжетную линию и, наконец, фотки.. Да, обычные фото, которые, чёрт возьми, придают игре некую изюминку.Ты обыскиваешь каждый сантиметр локации, чтобы не пропустить ни одну вещь, которую можно было бы запечатлить с помощью вашей олдскульной камеры! Незабываемые герои, мемчики и прекрасные скрины ждут вас в этой игре! 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,28457118,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Spider3,"I think i never had to take such a difficult choice in my whole life.Not even in real life.... damn. that was...a true blast.This game was a masterpiece, and it is technically almost perfect:Story could have been tailored up slightly better or go little deeper with explanations - butGraphic, Characters, Voice acting and soundtrack are just impeccable.But this game is giving you more than a gaming experience. This is the true reason to play it.I had so many flashblack of my real life when i was a teenager, lot of things i had forgotten. I think this game bring you really back in time, at least for the 3 days i was playing it, i was feeling like i was 19 again, because everyone of us, experienced similar situation, conflicts, confrontations and decisions this game forces you to face. And in one character or another, we find the ""young ourself"". And this is the magic this game is able to provide.Whatever is your game genre or you think this kind of games are not for you - Just buy it. You won't regret going through this experience."
76561198210951831,Recommended,319630,17417124,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,diogo69045,"LIFE IS STRANGE - A HEARTFELT REVIEW“The value of things isn’t in the time they last, but in the intensity with which they happen. That’s why there are unforgettable moments, unexplainable things and incomparable people.”-	Fernando PessoaLife is, for all accounts and above all else, strange. One day I’m minding my own business, living the day just like I live any other, and next I’m wondering when they’ll legalize marriage to videogames. The difference is made by none other than this particular game, a journey across places of my mind and soul that I didn’t know existed. When I first started it, I didn’t want to let it go. Now, I don’t want it to let go of me. As I look upon a LiS wallpaper, unlock the device to browse the LiS subreddit just before going for run while listening to the LiS soundtrack and thinking about Episode 5 theories, I realize that, like Silent Hill says, this game played me just as much as I played it.Of course, I could go on about all the pros of the game with an exhaustive list. The beautiful painting-like scenarios, the atmospheric lightning, the intoxicating plot, the absolutely brilliant soundtrack, and so on. However, that is a pointless exercise because the game is simply good. Instead, I will tell you what is truly unique about Life is Strange: how it makes you feel.It overwhelms you. It has you up at night, thinking about the choices you made. If you have the power to go back in time, how can anything not be your fault? You could have done it better; you had a gift to do so. Instead of solace, you find an insurmountable regret. The characters feel real, their world is yours, and you get in so deep that you don’t know who you are.Eventually the episode ends. The credits roll, the trailer of the next one pops up, back to business as usual. Except you don’t forget about what happened. You are actually a difference person from when you started it, because your emotional self was pushed beyond boundaries it never even dared to look upon.And then, when they ask you what makes this game good, you don’t know what to say. You try to write some crappy review because you want to share it with the world, but you don’t know what to say. You can think, scavenge good reasons each time in an endless effort. But in the end, the game is in your heart. It reached out to you in a way no other media form could. So you try to dismantle it, to comprehend it, only to be staggered by how much of it you carry within you. You don't love the game because it's good, it's good because you love it.So you lean back, play the soundtrack and are taken back to the respective cutscene during which the song plays, project it to the world, and wonder just how much this game means to you. Just how much of Life Is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,17260836,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,accterminated,THIS GAME RUINED MY LIFETHIS GAME RUINED MY FEELINGSIF YOU WANT TO BE STRIPPED OF WHAT YOU THOUGHT WERE EMOTIONS PLAY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,319630,18583739,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"It's simply perfect. A true 10/10.In a year in which video games such as The Witcher 3, Metal Gear Solid V and Bloodborne came out, this lesser known game stands out as being better than all of them. Not only does this show David Cage and Telltale how story based video games should be done, it shows every video game developer that caring about the game you're developing is the most important part, because it's very obvious that DONTNOD Entertainment has put a lot of effort, love and heart into this piece of art. Congratulations to them for providing me with something truly amazing.If you're going to play this, do not ruin it by playing all episodes in one sitting. Let it breathe, play an episode a week. And if you don't like it, know that you're a monster."
,Recommended,319630,14413761,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jclaxon,"If you're a fan of TellTale's type of gameplay, then you'll feel right at home with this remarkably entertaining game from developer Dontnod. To be honest, I didn't have a lot of interest in playing this one. So, with some trepidation, I reluctantly played it ... and I was hooked from the beginning! The animation and artwork is incredible.  The voice acting is spot-on and the writing is witty and compelling. This game is quite simply ... amazing.  Gorgeous even. And a LOT of fun. I'm looking forward to future episodes."
,Recommended,319630,21710143,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ϟ Ericz,"Wonderful game, with a very good and engaging story, wonderful and perfectly fitting soundtrack, and a solid easy-to-get gameplay, despite some very few, not so important bugs.The story centers on two friends - Max, an aspirant photographer; and Chloe, a young rebel who drops the school - girls who didn't see each other from the past 5 years, and who followed different paths, since one of them moved to Seattle, and the other had to struggle with the loss of her father and her best friend. Now they're together again, and the disapearence of a beautiful girl puts the two friends on a mistery case involving the Arcadia High School, his students and the whole city in an exciting time travel adventure.The story focus on friendship, and the consequences of little actions in our human relations.To supporting it, the game successfully bring to us a story based, choice and consequence gameplay style, where we can interact with a lot of the environment elements and characters, most of them part of the story or the choice-consequence tree.Some choices didn't matter, leading at best at different dialogues, some environments have pointing glitches, the skip-dialogue mechanic may bug and freeze (so don't use it), but these are all the ""problems"" you can find.I recommend you to jump in this awesome experience prepared to play several hours at a time, chapter by chapter, because you'll get really involved by the game mood and soundtrack, like if you're watching (and playing) a good indie movie."
,Recommended,319630,18769348,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lenadro,HOW STOP CRYING LIKE A GIRL?
76561198080975899,Recommended,319630,18709735,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sorex,"Where do I start? well i got into this game thinking its gonna be  "" the walking dead"" wanna be but its not, its something else true It can be strange (no pun intended) somethimes but time travle will do such things to you.I really felt like max in this game wanting to save that blue haired girl from all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I feel in a way the game gives us a choice of sticking to the past or letting go for a better future. I just wish I could rewind time and play this game agian fresh...Hope we see more games like this one tho  idk if my feelz would handle it so well :S"
,Recommended,319630,18581730,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Saint Shaun,10/10 would rewind time to play over and over and over and over...
76561198074675516,Recommended,319630,31824183,Posted: 18 May,all,Valmar,"This is another episodic game in the style of Telltale Games' titles but with some important differences.First of all, if you don't know about this ""genre"" I must say this is one more focused in watching than playing. In fact I don't even consider these as ""games"" per se, just some kind of interactive movies or series. I mean, you watch an episode and you choose from some options at given times, some of them involving meaningful impact later, character reactions to you, etc (aka decisions matter).It's however far from a sandbox or anything like that. This kind of games are actually very very linear. They're just like watching a film as I have said. Some of them —like this one— though do the best trying to cheat you and making you think you are actually choosing and deciding everything.The main difference from other similar games (hello Telltale) is obviously the ability to go back to past and repeat if you don't like the present, the income of your decisions or even if you are afraid about the future. You got a power that let you travel back to the past while keeping every information from the ""future"", so you can use the information you get for the best... or the worst. Another difference is that other games like The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones or The Wolf Among Us provide some action scenes; all of them are nonexistent here. Even during talking scenes you will have all the time you want to choose an option, you are not hard pressed to answer fast. And remember: if you don't like it, you can almost always go back.Pros:+Details, details, details. Full of them. It's very obvious to me that the developers cared a lot about their game and tried to make this game completely full of details. This game made me remember Shenmue from Dreamcast in that aspect.+Graphics: The graphics and animations are superb.+Atmosphere: there will be moments you will feel like you are walking around Arcadia Bay.+Music: maybe a personnal taste but I really love it.+Voices: the voice acting is absolutely fantastic in this game.Cons:-Ending: without spoiling anything I just think the ending is garbage.-Last episodes: Just when the story is on its climax and you are immerse in the atmosphere, I think last 2 episodes are weaker compared to the previous ones. The last one in particular feels very bad.-Incoherence: given the power to go to the past, sometimes you will think about many obvious different ways you can change an outcome but the game doesn't let you do it.I still recommend this game to anyone who likes watching series, films, novel graphics and of course to everyone who likes The Walking Dead and games like these. Even if the game looks bad around the end, it is amazing during the first three and a half episodes. If you have some kind of empathy I guess you will love this game too; you will feel about friendship, about bullying, about drugs and many other things too.This is a very polished, detailed game. Probably the most detailed and polished game I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,16067627,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Darth Biomech,"This is captivated me from the very start. Looks almost like a movie, or better to be said a TV series from the 90s. flows so naturally, and you want to know what's happen next, or what's happens if you take different route? I especially like that game don't tells you that you choosed poorly or wisely, it just states that ""choice will have consequences"". I finished the first episode and I don't know for certain if ANY of my choice here would affect story positively or negatively in the future. And that's AWESOME! It's like a good Visual Novel, but without tons of text and in 3d. Definetely recommend to at least try the first episode."
,Recommended,319630,32517445,Posted: 17 June,all,Elessar,What a ♥♥♥♥ing ride.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18107851,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Švedski Šved iz Švedske,"Probably my favourite game of all time, or at least in the top 3.The mechanics are okay, the gameplay is okay, the graphics are barely okay. But the atmosphere and music of the game is simply astonishing, the first game I've played, in which I've really, really enjoyed the storyline and atmosphere, the first game that actually immersed me completely.Definately a buy, the game is worth more than the current price.EDIT: Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award. Brilliant."
,Recommended,319630,17265032,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,eshokk,This game. Never have I cried as much as I did in this game. Especially Episode 4: Dark Room. Jesus Christ - Dotnod knows how to make a poignant and breathtakingly beautiful game.
,Recommended,319630,14544921,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,{{ DàVinci }},"10/10This game is really great. A really whole changing view of game I must say.It is worth your penny to try this game, the story is so great and breathtaking. After finishing my first episode, I really long for the next episode.Trust me, it's worth your money, and this game might show you who you are and your personality too."
,Recommended,319630,17360779,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Starbuck2stronk,perfect game 10/10
,Recommended,319630,16049560,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,kynwall,"Out of the countless games I've played I've decided to do a review, my first on this one. No I may not have 20 hours in it but I've played what I wanted and had a bloody fantastic time doing so.This hand-drawn, carefully crafted, well scripted, amazingly fine-tuned game is ""Life Is Strange""; oh and the music sweet Jesus it's done so well. I've gone through each episode, that's been released so far, and it has been nothing but an emotional roller-coaster for myself. Minor bugs are to be expected, coding isn't the easiest thing to do however what it lacks in minor turbulence it makes up for in several ways, so in conclusion the Pro's far outweigh the Con's.In my opinion this is a 9-9.5/10 game for a decent price. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,24808016,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Liz#^_^,It's not a game. It's an experience.﻿
,Recommended,319630,16199072,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mrs. Clausen <3 #FOR ALTID <3,"Awesome Game , like the stories :D *spoiled* some of the story lines are weird , but still an awesome game , and she got an awesome power that can save people nor her future.YOU CANNOT GO BACK THROUGH THE PAST IN REAL LIFE, BUT this is why this game is here , here you have the chance to change your past it may save the living , but always remember , its your life that matters , but never forget about others. 10/10"
76561198034125759,Recommended,319630,18580651,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mr Pig,"Long ago, the people of Arcadia bay lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when episode four was released..."
76561198042322252,Recommended,319630,29453293,Posted: 23 January,all,Echoesong,"Life is Strange is a tender, intimate game that examines complex issues that many people have or will experience over the course of their life.  It perfectly illustrates the experiences of a teen desperately trying to grow up and find her path in a multifaceted and sometimes troubled world.  It is not  perfect, by any means.  But it is incredibly heartfelt and authentic, and I would recommend it to anyone.Pros:+Wonderful, expressive voice acting+Strong lead character.  Make no mistake: you are not playing this game as yourself, you are playing this game as Max Caufield, and the game does a marvelous job of plopping you down in her shoes.+The time mechanic is well used for both puzzles and character interaction.+The Pacific Northwest setting is wonderfully designed.  This truly feels like a small and secluded town in Oregon.+Tackles difficult issues including depression, suicide, bullying, sexual assault, PTSD, drug abuse, and more.+Music+Strong emotional direction.+Good side characters.  Though some are just literal cliches, the game also does a good job of subverting these cliches in a lot of cases.Cons-Lip syching is not very good, which is disappointing for a narrative-based game.-Some choice moments of writing stick out like a sore thumb.  The words ""noob,"" ""awesomesauce,"" and ""amazeballs"" are used completely unironically.-Some side plots do not get a satisfying resolution.-SPOILERThe ending is weak compared to the rest of the story and feels somewhat rushed.In conclusion: Buy this game if you can look past some minor flaws and are looking for a strong narrative-based experience with enjoyable characters and an emotional story."
,Recommended,319630,30943667,Posted: 4 April,all,AutoBans,"Thanks for the people who created this masterpiece, a must play masterpiece. I never felt so emotionally attached to a game, having tears in my eye several times. And thanks to this game my brother almost caught me crying like a ♥♥♥♥♥ in my room. Also this game have a amazing cool music, stunning graphic, emotional moments and cool friends that I wish I have in real life.10/10 would HELLA play again, totally HELLA recommended."
76561197989044137,Recommended,319630,24608484,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,drace1979,"Bought on Summer Steam Sale. Played the first episode. Yeah, that was cool! Let me check out what else I bought. Came back a few weeks later. Second episode hooked me hard, and I binged on the game till done.Amazing journey, very emotional, and the best character development I've ever seen in a video game. Not perfect, but it didn't have to be to bring the tears. Still feel it days later. I am looping Foals' Spanish Sahara to try and find some closure....(great soundtrack too!)And yes, this was the first game I've ever played with over 9 years on steam that finally drove me to write a review.Thank you so much dontnod. pricefield 4ever!"
,Recommended,319630,24624014,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jess,"Feels like I've been playing this game forever, but it's been only 2 days. It's been in my Steam for too long.. why does this always happen?Life is Strange is of the most beautiful stories I've ever encountered. I'd say it's a life-changing experience. I felt like the game was about me, about the choices that I would make.. and you sort of learn from it.I'd like to say more, but excuse me, I will add to this review later. I need to wipe my tears off and think about life, once again. Life sure is ♥♥♥♥ing strange."
,Recommended,319630,24675478,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Buireu,"♥♥♥♥ing master piece. There's no words to describe how the game leads you through this epic history. The word ""athmospheric"" was created to show how the game traps you in every choice you make, in every rewind you do.At the beggining I was a bit skeptical about this game, teen history and all this stuffs didn't fully convince me. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just let the game flow.If you want to find out what I'm talking about, just pay and download it. You won't be dissapointed"
,Recommended,319630,26503777,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Razacas,"Words can't describe this game.This is a game that you NEED to play.""Every choise changes the Past, Present and Future.""Very similar to ""Butterfly Effect"" movies.Life Is Strange is a game with so many details, you need to pay attention. You might be surprised."
,Recommended,319630,20142417,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rise,Very unique sort of game.
76561198136481090,Recommended,319630,19450517,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hispanic Mechanic,chole is hot
76561198076471542,Recommended,319630,17264022,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,coughdrop,"The story so far up into Episode 3 is definitely one that adds to my 'favourites' book. The story is well and truly captivating and the harsh reality many of the students within the game face can be seen as sad and heartbreaking, rude and jock-ish, or funny and heartwarming.Whilst I am waiting for episode 4 to come out, Episodes 1, 2, and 3 have all had their own shares of gut wrenching, nail biting moments. The characters are all seperate, no two of them alike, and whilst a few do follow the cliche of your typical school-like group of cliques, and yet they all work well in tandem with eachother.The game mechanics are very nice, the plot is interesting and daunting, and I'm personally happy to say that the game runs extremely smoothly on my PC even on higher settings and ever during more detailed scenes where you would expect framerate drops. The plot-based mechanic of controlling time is also very interesting, a think I've never seen done so well in a game.The story itself runs very linearly with sides of stories and events branching off. Whilst you will end up in similar situations, the decisions aren't deceptive in that they don't effect the game. In fact, a choice you decide to make at the very start of Episode 1 haunts your words and choices by the end of Episode 3, and decisions from Episode 1 and 2 could either make or break some key moments in Episode 3, and I've never felt so ashamed of myself for having ""messed up"" my decision making, and the decisions aren't easy to make either.If you're looking for a Young Adults game revolving the mystery of time control, with an interesting plot, great game mechanics, nice and not too overly complex graphics and modelling, I would definitely recommend this game to you, and I personally would say that the awards the developer's have had so far have been well deserved.I'm on my way to play Episode 4, and can't wait for Episode 5!"
,Recommended,319630,18208588,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,LexFreeman,"TL;DRI've played tons of games, from Commander Keen, Deus Ex and Half-Life to Mass Effect, GTA and TellTale adventures and, in my opinion, this is the most wonderful videogame of all time. Even better than Monkey Island, Half-Life, Bioshock, Mass Effect and The Talos Principle, just to name a few.100/100thouroughlydeserved.Still here? Scroll up and buy it but wait for Episode 5 to come out before you start playing.A real masterpiece, the perfect example of a modern, episodicemotionaladventure game.This is going to be a very looong review but I'll try to do my best not to bore you, but to help you understand why I think this is the greatest game I have ever played. I have been playing since I was two years old, and not once I encountered a game who could make me emphasize so much with its characters that I actually ended up laughing and crying together with them.But, first things first, thetechnical aspects:Gameplay- Apparently simple, it involves one of the most efficient and ""believable"" time-travel mechanics you will find in a videogame. One click and Max will rewind time to make different choices that actually matter with VERY different consequences and outcomes.Graphics- Astonishing hand-drawn visuals that make you appreciate the world of LIS and its characters. It's like living in a painting by Monet or Renoir. The lighting effects are superb and the character animation is top-notch; I believe it is way better than TellTale's. All of the people in Arcadia Bay look alive, absolutely natural and incredibly real. Chloe and Max above all. The one and only (but extremely little) downside is the lip synch, which in the earlier episodes is not good at all. But the guys at Dontnod have already explained they had a budget to keep in mind and they focused on other aspects of the game. Plus, in the third and, especially, fourth Episode, it GREATLY improves. Kudos to them!Soundtrack- A marvelous selection of songs which makes you forget about playing and makes you want to freeze those little, precious moments of time, just to stand back, listen to the soundtrack and admire the world of Arcadia Bay as it unfolds before Max's eyes (and yours).Voice Acting- It's the most perfect, real and ""immersive"" voice acting I have ever experienced in a videogame. Every actor delivers their lines exceptionally and manages to make you actually*feel*the emotions and the feelings of their characters.Camera- The camera work is stunning and gives all dialogues and interactions a cinematic feel which makes youenterthe story.Now, let's talk about what this fabulous game is. It looks like a TellTale game, a nice adventure with a few important choices and some other minor ones. We could compare it with The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, for instance. I love TT games, they are really great and I recommend them, too, but Life Is Strange is certainly better and much, much more immersive. It will make you laugh and cry, you will enjoy every little piece of dialogue, or thought, and the more you play, the more you will feel genuinely close to Max, Chloe and the others.The storyline is amazing and very well written right from the start. It truly is an emotional roller coaster. It will make you think hard about lots of moral questions and it will make you doubt your own certainties.It will change the way you look at life, for the better.ConclusionI recommend this game to everyone, no matter the gaming experience, age, gender.Even a block of concrete would melt down while playing this hella awesome game."
,Recommended,319630,18586918,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DNA | CSGOBlaze [Dont Add Me],One of the best games i ever played.Episode 5 was one of my favorite...The story was amazing. I hope we will see more games like that in the feature.If you havent bought it yet and you have doubts if its worth or not. I can tell you for sure. THIS GAME IS AMAZING.Square Enix great work!
,Recommended,319630,18731185,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,arthurstaal,game tried to make me depressed and cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.tear/10
,Recommended,319630,18752280,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TheGrandMaster®,You don't play this game... this game plays you.9.9/10 I don't know what to think anymore...
,Recommended,319630,18975292,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,♥Devil♬™ ♛,ny best games erver
,Recommended,319630,19123446,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Nebby,"What a gift it is to be able to witness such a remarkable game. Life Is Strange keeps you on the edge of your seat with anticipation and slight anxiety to see how your choices affect the world around. This game made me feel an unbelievable amount of emotions, and the blood and tears I've shed to complete LIS were well worth it all."
,Recommended,319630,19204100,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ze,*Waters plant*THIS ACTION WILL HAVE CONSEQUENCES♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,19367937,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kunochan,"Can't say I was satisfied about that ending, but overall this game tells you a lot about friendship and life.  Yes I am in love with this game. Also has lots of great musics.  Now all 5 episodes came out that means its definitely good time to start play.  It was painful to wait for over 2 months between each episodes. Oh, do not forget to prepare tissue next to you.久しぶりにハマったゲーム。ゲームの進め方はシンプルで基本的には会話を選んで話を進めていくというスタイル。でもこれが後々に影響を及ぼすために結構慎重に選ばないといけない。やべっ、と思ったら主人公マックスの時を巻き戻す力を使えば大丈夫大丈夫へーきへーき。全部クリアした後に『あの時あっちを選んでいたらどうなっていたんだろう』とかなんとか色々思っちゃって2週目、3週目・・・。そのたびにすこーし違うリアクションが見れるので飽きませんねぇ。あと所々泣かせにきます。ポケットティッシュくらいは備えておいてよし今現在は日本語対応してないと思いますが、日本で発売決定したらしいのでそれを待ってもよし。英語でも字幕あればイケる！という方はぜひ。でもオリジナルボイスのほうがよさそう（小声）"
,Recommended,319630,19570098,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,HulK,"I'm man enough to admit when a game about an introverted, prepubescent-looking teenage girl becomes the most emotionally-affecting form of entertainment I've ever consumed.  Sure, the characters suck you in, and you fall in love with Arcadia bay, but it's much bigger than that.Life is Strange struck an emotional chord at a very deep, personal level for me. Every decision I made not only affected characters that I was invested in, but I subconciously projected these decisions onto experiences of my own past.  While these game-to-life experiences  were not anywhere close to being literally similar, they each shared an emotional theme. My journey through LiS left me in a stunned contemplation, one that I am still in days after finishing the story.I learned some life lessons from this game, and wish I could formally thank DONTNOD for a few of the realizations it helped surface.  Life is, indeed, strange, and we just need to let go and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,319630,19710280,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,naseralnuaimi,"Definitely one of the best games in 2015. The story it self will effect your emotions unexpectedly.You think you uderstand whats going on but you figuerout that something else is happening.I won't keep talking and spoiling the game experience, just buy it straight away. It's a must have game."
,Recommended,319630,20187744,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tedpicker,"Life is strange indeed, because there still are people who haven't played this yet... :PPlease, don't think twice and go play LiS! Like, right now.The story, characters, amazing soundtrack and remarkable life lessons will stay with you for a long time."
,Recommended,319630,18602316,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jean,The Witcher 3 is close but this is my GOTY 2015.Thanks DONTNOD studio. Thank you DarkStarSword.
,Recommended,319630,19282661,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hiko,"An everyday story with a not-so-everyday twist. One of a handful of games that get quiet so very right. Fantastic soundtrack, incredible moments, sometimes clunky controls/sequences, personal, well developed and relatable characters. Too bad it slips on the landing, but the journey there is well worth it. My personal GOTY of 2015."
,Recommended,319630,19860382,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tfaltys,"If you're fascinated by sci-fi, philosophy and tend to dwell on decisions you've made in life...If Alan Wake left you wishing for more of that storytelling...If you never quite got over Twin Peaks...If Donnie Darko touched a nerve...You definitely have to play Life is Strange. Featuring some of the best atmosphere building in any game by use of powerful music, unique visuals and meaningful backstory in a fluent, seamless narration it'll make the rich world come alive around you as you make your way through unforgettable seaside town Arcadia Bay. The story as well as the way it's told is superb; so is the memorable and relatable cast of characters as they will surely leave an emotional mark long after you've made the choices and finished the game.It's one of those trips that left me in awe and thought as only some of my all time favourite games and movies ever had."
,Recommended,319630,20248115,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CAB,"Don't look too far into the reviews. Don't let anything about this game get spoiled for you.Just know that this game starts out kind of slow, but picks up speed as it goes on. It's not what you think. It's going to surprise you.Let it surprise you.EDIT: (23 Nov 2016) Nominated this game for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award!"
,Recommended,319630,20656494,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Skipp,"I had this plan of writing a big review telling everyone how great this game is, how the characters feel real, how you connect with each of them, how the story and the storytelling is amazing, how the soundtrack fits perfectly with each scene...But once I actually finished the game and saw the ending... there are just no words that can describe how friggin' mindblowing this game is. So instead, I'll just give you these 3 easy steps to follow:1. Stop whatever you are doing and go buy this game. Just go. NOW!If you like adventure games, you can just come back and thank me later. If you don't like adventure games - you will fall in love with the genre based on this game alone.b) Start the game and finish all the chaptersIII. After you're done, feel free to join the rest of us sobbing in the corner.Final verdict: 11/10 - would totally sacrifice every goddamn thing for Chloe again. And again...*sobs*"
,Recommended,319630,18662249,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Reyes,"One of my favorite story-driven adventures, truly emotional rollercoaster. Highly recommend to everyone who has feelings #sorryData #nodroidsallowed #sacrificeeverything"
,Recommended,319630,20615215,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Novazic,"Where do I start? This game is one hell of an emotional roller coaster. The first two episodes pull you into this adorable teenage photographer's life and her past. The last three episodes punch you in the face with choices that will alter the timeline you currently reside on, some good some bad. They all add up to one ultimatum. An ultimatum which will crawl into your eyeballs and pull out the little tears you have because you're a manly man that doesn't cry. But you will cry. And you'll laugh. And you'll think really hard about yourself and why you care so much about a fictional character. Eventually you'll be happy again, but the feel train comes back around every so often. And feels you will have.tl;dr: 10/10 Endings could of been a little better, but I can't stop thinking about it and I am extremely confident in         saying it's the best game I ever played."
,Recommended,319630,22273329,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,uneasybeat,"LiS ruined my life, but somehow I fellstronglyin love with it. It's heartbreakingly beautiful.I recommend it mainly to those looking for a good cry though. If you have any feelings whatsoever, youwillcry."
,Recommended,319630,21685729,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,KayJay,This game man. THIS GAME IS SO HELLA CRAZY YO. HAVENT SLEPT IN WEEKS ITS SO DAMN GOOD. BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
,Recommended,319630,22235602,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"OK. I really tried very much *not* to like this game, because of all the hype etc. (I'm fiercely fighting against all the overhype and exaggeration, you know.) But... it's simply great. Impossible to resist. Something very special goes about it. Even if it's still overhyped at the same time - you understand? This is that kind of opus.I feel sorry for the creators, for the next step they will want to take after this. It may be a difficult one... Heck, there's more than enough for a lifework or two here."
,Recommended,319630,22646521,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,♛Meercuzz♛,"Life is Strange is probably one of the best games I've played in my whole life. The story is very thrilling and interesting, i don't want to spoil anything so i don't wanna say anything else about the story. The graphics of the game is amazing, everything looks so pretty (you can check my screenshots if you want to see some nice pictures of the game, there might be some spoilers but nothing important to the story).The music in the game is so good, when there is music in the game it fits so perfectly to the situation.If you ever want a game that you can just sit down and chill while playing, you should definitely get this game. It almost feels like watching a movie.The only thing that's kind of bad in the game is that i thought the story was a little short, I finished the game in about 10h, maybe not SO short but i would still like to play a sequel for more content.I would give this game a 5/5."
,Recommended,319630,23850645,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PeanutButter&JellySandwiches,"I wanted to play this game for a long time. I always thought games that focus on player choices and the effects they had on the game itself were really cool as a concept, so when i saw this game on sale i HAD to get it. Right at the beginning i was so into it, i didn't want to do anything else. I was so into it in fact, that i beat the majority of it (Episodes 2-5) in one sitting. The way the storytelling is done truly makes me care for the characters and made me center my decisions off keeping them happy and somewhat doing what i felt was ""right"". As i progressed and noticed how much the most miniscule decision greatly influences the story, i tried to keep a steady path doing what i felt was best, but there truly is no ""right"" choice. I found myself pondering alot of these decisions for a long time before choosing what to do, even going so far as to think how other characters would react to something that didn't involve them whatsoever. An amazing experience as someone who loves these types of games.TL;DRThis game made me cry.Get it. Now."
,Recommended,319630,22392759,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Whiskey,"Life is strange is so much more than a game, its a journey where you actually connect with the characters, the pacing, story and just about everything about this game perfect. This game sent shivers down my spine, made me smile and tear up, im in love with this game."
,Recommended,319630,21296770,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dovahproxx,"10/10One of the most intense gameplay experience i ever had!GREAT story, nice graphics, cool soundtrack and an amazing atmosphere!Makes you think about it days after you finished the game."
,Recommended,319630,22518787,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dronezilla,"If you could go back and change the past, would you still recognize yourself in the present?Possibly the best ""story rich"" game ever made.  A noir adventure mystery about time-travel, moral choices, friendship and loss.  The characters and story impact in a way that is touching and personal, and they will stay with you long after the game's ending.  You can play again, take different paths and you will have a different experience each time.Life is Strangeis an exquisitely human game, and that quality is reflected in the warmth of its fan community here.  They are welcoming of newcomers, eager to discuss the game's imponderables, and respectful of opinions.  Stop by; you'll be happy you did."
,Recommended,319630,24508956,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The7thOne,"I've never played something like this before. This game manages to break you down, mentally. It manages to make you feel empty, happy, nostalgic, sad, and thrilled the whole way. It's literally as others have mentioned, a ""rollercoaster of emotions"".The art style, while postmodern, feels in a way nostalgic and ""warm"" which fits the theme and location of Arcadia Bay.  The soundtrack also compliments the experience really well.I'm also very surprised that the game is relatively bug free; I only experiencedonein my entire playthrough, so the QA team definitely deserves credit.Seriously, just get this game. Now. The first episode is free, so there's little reason not to give it a try."
,Recommended,319630,23997596,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Der maskierte Magier,"I have never played a game that has affected me as much as this game.The story, characters, music, everything. I felt physically f*cked up and emotionally drained from this game. I love it! ;D"
,Recommended,319630,24193863,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,John Xena,"10/10Was not prepared for final episode.Tried not to cry.Cried a lot.Best story game I have ever played, 100% worth the purchase. Completely captivating."
,Recommended,319630,24216497,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CrowZer0,"My first time playing a ""Story style"" game. Fantastic music that fits the ambience so well.Great system of making choices and their consequences, great fan of Chaos Theory and the Butterfly Effect.+ Warrens external HD has all the movies that I have. Warren MVP.I enjoyed it. :)"
,Recommended,319630,24264473,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,will,"Life is Strange is a truly mesmorising and perfect game.Life is Strange has been the first game in so long which has gripped me immersively and emotionally. It truly makes you understand that every moment is a very important one and every decision you make in your own life, the possible outcomes.Truly, Life is Strange is a MUST buy, the story is brilliant and replayable, the graphics are outstanding and the characters are amazing.It will make you laugh your♥♥♥♥♥♥off and make you cry like a melancholy teenage girl.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24324854,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Boss,"Howdy folks, this will be my review for ""Life Is Strange"" I shall be doing it in all review formats. Perhaps you may think I was on acid when writing this, well I'll tell you that's simply not true.Review 1: ""How can we pad this game, Clive?""Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaa........Review 2: I died, turned back time, didn't die.10/10 would rewind time and not die again.Bwa wa waaa wa wa Queue Interstellar Overdrivehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4o2sA0vpA-4Review 3: This review will be my personal feelings about ""Life Is Strange."" Alrighty, so let's start off with saying that ""Life Is Strange"" is definetely a unique game. It's special. That's not supposed to really mean anything but I want to say that. I played this game doing an episode per night, but the review was delayed because on the penultimate episode I got frustrated with something and turned it off.So, let me give you a little history here, because that's the key to understanding. I first learned of Life Is Strange when I saw friends posting screenshots and talking about the game. My first impression was ""Lesbian time travel drama"" (which, by the way, isn't even off-putting really.) When the sale came along, I picked it up because I thought ""this should be interesting."" Because I saw a lot of friends talking about it, and some also seeming to have deep feelings for the game, I thought this would definetely be a good thing to write a review about personally.So, let's start talking about the game. I saw some people who reviewed it on here saying that they totally identified with the characters. I'm gonna tell you that it wasn't the case for me at all. Don't percieve that as ""I don't have feelings for the characters."" I just don't identify with them personally. For example, a line from the game:""You do know I believe in gun control?""Ewww,ewww,eww let's not get political with this review whatsoever please for the love of god. Okay, so let me clear that up. Of course I'm not saying this game is trying to push any of those things, views, political agendas. It's not an ideologically charged game at all. Like I said, I just don't identify with the main characters ""Chloe"" and ""Max"" That's NOT bashing the game.Now, keeping that in mind, I found one thing particularly ""not nice"" regarding the characters. There's a character in this game called ""David"" he's Chloe's stepfather. Now, the game never gives you a choice, (untill the final episode), to not bash his♥♥♥♥♥constantly and side against him. Now, saying that I need to point out something. You always play as ""Max Caulfield"" no matter what choices you make in the game. Ho ho ho, I bet now you're saying ""Of course dumbass, she's the character you play as in the game, what do you want, ♥♥♥♥ing GTA?"" What I mean is, no matter what choices you make, she'll still keep the same views, the same everything. Her perception doesn't really change of people and events.Now, of course in this review it's mostly my personal feelings but I need to tell you something about the GAME. Here's the biggie. I think it sucks as a game. As a GAME. I think it would have worked better generally and for me, if it was a miniseries, something of that sort. I say that because, every time the ""game"" came into play, it was such a drag and just felt like it had to be there to justify ""game"" Some examples:""Hmmm...the HiFi's unplugged, I should go plug it in.""""Hey, can you grab me the ingredients I need to make this breakfast from the fridge, hon?""""We need at least five bottles, go find some""Those are examples of why I thought it didn't work. Whenever it tried to experiment with other game mechanics, it never worked and it was always a drag and made me angry. It's like I was deeply into this movie when suddenly it went ""Can you complete that scene by walking to the other side of the room? Thanks.""Now, if you're still reading this, which I hope you are, I need to tell you that I'm only bashing the ""game"" aspect of ""Life Is Strange"" I've told you my view of the characters beforehand, so I got that out of the way. I really wish i could have recorded my immediate reactions to little things in this game because that would have had infinitely more value than what I'm offering you right now. And that's something maybe nobody really wants to know anyway, personal feelings about the game.During conversations, you usually get two very vague dialogue options to choose from that will decide how the whole conversation goes. Again, why weren't you a miniseries? You'd be just as emotional and you wouldn't have to put all these dumb things in here that add nothing.Let's talk about choices, going back to the ""game"" part. Choices are placed everywhere, but as you may already know from looking at other reviews, they don't affect the ending. There are two final choices that can change the ending. Now, that's something that really didn't make me angry. But, the final choice I decided in about 2 seconds and then I found out the majority of players actually chose the other one! C'mon guys. Anyways, no spoilers about that.I should really wrap this up, okay. Summary! Queue Interstellar Overdrivehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4o2sA0vpA-4Review 4:Episode 1: Ended in about two seconds.Episode 2: A little longer.Episode 3: The ending of this episode  was really the only part that somewhat got to me emotionally.Episode 4: The first half of this episode is easily the best part of the game for me.Episode 5: Gave me a headache I didn't want, then ended.Conclusion! Dun duh da dun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGPPAn17i7USo, like I said before, I wish I could have recorded my instant reactions to things in this game, episode by episode. That would have been much more valuable than what I have given you. If you've read this in full, thank you. A verdict?I'm glad I played this, I really am. I recommend it to everybody not because it's ""good"", but because everybody should experience it for themselves. Got mad at the game, enjoyed the story.Adios my friends, please check this out because that's what this was all about."
76561198044388116,Recommended,319630,24508300,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,AshHinton,"This is the best computer game I have ever played, and even after playing it for the third time I still think Life is Strange (LiS) an absolutely stunning masterpiece.This game is about friendship and how far you would go for that person.You play as Max (Maxine) Caulfield who discovers she can rewind time and reunites with her best friend Chloe Price for an adventure set over a week in October 2013.I advise playing this game without reading anything about the story, don't spoil it for yourself, the story and emotional impact of this game is really that good.You have to make choices: some of them will not be easy and some will be incredibly heartbreaking to make. Your choices will have consequences in the story narrative.LiS is an awesome piece of storytelling, you get so involved with the characters that it can feel real. The technical challenge Dontnod had was creating a world & characters which are believable. They delivered. Perfectly.From the characters that you immediately recognise and empathise with to the beautiful graphics which bring Arcadia Bay to life.The voice acting is stunningly good: Hannah Telle (Max) & Ashly Burch (Chloe) bring Max & Chloe to life. Their strengths & vulnerabilities shine through because of the brilliant voice acting. Add to that the other characters also voiced by fantastic talent and you end up with a believable world you feel a part of.Did I mention it also has a fantastic, perfectly fitting, sound track? no? well LiS has that too.The soundtrack is awesome: licensed music & an original score by Syd Matters (Jonathan Morali) help draw you into the world of Arcadia BayYou don't play Life is Strange: you become part of that world, a part of Arcadia Bay and forever a part of Max & Chloe's story.Take the time to explore, this isn't a fast action game. Every note, poster & interaction all adds background to the lives of the residents of Arcadia Bay and Blackwell Academy.Get max to sit down when the opportunity arises, she will go into her thoughts - again beautifully voiced.You will not be disappointed by LiS - its a stunning, beautiful, masterpiece.Max & Chloe have become my favourite game characters, and in fact my favourite fictional characters, of all time.Life is Strange also has a wonderful fan community. I find it very welcoming, friendly, and helpful. I realised I wasn't the only one who thinks this game is special, and also not the only person who has cried while playing it.To all of you, you're hella amazeballs!I made a steam forum post here with helpful links to LiS related stuff:http://steamcommunity.com/app/319630/discussions/0/350541595115722193/Also check out the awesomeLifeisStrangeFans.com:http://www.lifeisstrangefans.comSo what are you waiting for? Ep1 is FREE on all platforms. There are Linux & Mac versions too and the rest of the episodes are a bargain for what you're getting. Play this game. You will not regret it.Just as a final note: LiS is without doubt a very emotional and involving game. The story deals with some serious issues. Dontnod & Square Enix have provided a link to get professional help if you feel you need it. The link is here:http://www.lifeisstrange.com/talk/Please remember you are never alone.The game is appropriately rated for mature content but the fact is everyone is different and you never know the struggles people could be going through. Kudos to the developers for providing that link."
,Recommended,319630,23910232,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,matzevolt,"I am a huge fan of the way this game tells the story and makes choices actually matter.I love the writing here, while some of the teen dialogue is a bit cringy here and there(the term ""hella"" is used lot), it seems to be the most natural dialogue I've heard.It certainly is in game terms.The artwork is fantastic. This was the best part by far in their last game ""Remember Me"" (which probably fittingly most people forgot) and here, in an actually good game, it shines even more.I don't want to spoil the story, it should be experienced. It is not perfect, but it is amazing and uniquely told. It deals with everything from loss to accepting failure to bullying."
,Recommended,319630,24068674,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,{ANS} DreamInsomnia,"I wasn't really sure of what to expect when I started playing this... After navigating through the 5 episodes I'm now a ""forever"" fan.  It was a genuinel full spectrum emotional journey.  I've never cried so hard because of a video game.  The story is just so touching and hit me so close to home.  I have to say that this ""game"" actually enabled me to appreciate everyday events and interactions so much more.  Life really is about choices and consequences.  There really needs to be more ""games"" like this being developed.  It feels weird calling it just a ""game"".  It feels so much more than that.  Buy it!  And keep a box of tissues handy!  You'll be needing them! :)"
,Recommended,319630,24227438,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DoctorK,"Life Is Strange™Max, protagonist of this game, is a photographer.This game has nice color impression and beautiful sightseeing.So, player of this game will be also a photographer.She pressed the shutter button on the camera in the game, and I hit the F12 button on the keyboard in the game.Oh, I was only talking about photograph in this game...Here, other comments of this game.The story of this game is really good.I would say that this game is a masterpiece.After seeing the end of this game, it brings tears to my eyes.I was really moved playing this game.I shed a lot of tears. I'm still hung up on strong and lasting impression."
76561198304072856,Recommended,319630,35345005,Posted: 30 September,all,Cukroušek Bitches :*,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you don't want to cry and do not fall in love with this game so don't play it..if you are in these types of things and love to make choices and change the story so welcome in the club dude. I laughed,cried and felt sad for many my wrong choices...so be careful what you are choosing..it depends on many lifes. Today a came to the end and i want to play it again. I wanted to post some screenshots..but that game is so hella awesome so..i...ee.had more like 1000 screens...amazing in one word....only i can say is...buy it...trust me..you will not regret that....and sorry for my english i'm actualy from czech :)"
,Recommended,319630,21300556,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Roopoo,"Life is Strange.I believe all of us can relate to this statement in one way or another.No spoilers in this review.+ Now, this just happens to a fantastic game. A really, really, fantastic game.One that once played, is very difficult to unassociate yourself with, forget and the like.I would even go as far to say, the best choice and consequence game, I have ever played.+ The moment you step into the life of our young protagonist Max, you should expect to find yourself there for all five episodes, and to find yourself reeling after the reveal.+ Some seriously deep, thought-inspiring, heart wrenching moments, better described as being 'in abundance,' keep the story-driven experience brightly focused on your subjects.+ Character depiction is wonderful; detailed, easily relatable, enjoyable unique - I can assure you that you will come to care deeply for all involved, and get your heart broken.You WILL be tested over your sense of self-worth, WILL doubt your own decisions, WILL probably cry; as they say, 'with great power, comes great responsibility.'A total of five episodic chapters have been released, each with their own definition of awesome, and all combined, lead to a tense climax. I really hope for more games of a similar format to be released by this developer.Sincere thought has been put into the making of this one.I recommend taking your time, and paying specific attention to detail. There are so many hidden gems that even the most discerning player may miss.I do not recommend reading the store page description - just plunge in head first! Sometimes it is better to view the darkness without a candle.Life is Strange remains to be my favourite find of 2015.Highly, highly recommended to all, there is very little text involved aside from choice-making, so reading should not be too much of an issue.Especially recommended to those who enjoy story-driven play, intricate scene details and discovering their meaning, metaphorical narrative, and intense periods of emotion; but as previously mentioned, no matter your preferred genre of game, I highly recommend obtaining this one.Worth every penny, but purchasing is simple.The real difficulty, is letting go."
,Recommended,319630,14290072,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mr.Nonexistent,"I thouroughly enjoyed this game, it has an amazing story, with an awesome plot, mixed with elements of gameplay reminiscent of The Walking Dead game.Throughout the entire gameplay of the first episode I was on the edge of my seat, making the right choices and awaiting for the next minute of gameplay to arrive.if you have $5 laying around, I would recommend you pick this game up, and wait for the episodes to come.Pro's:This game has excellent characters, ones that you will not forget, literally... because if you press tab, you can learn more about the characters..This game focuses on the life of teens, and it perfectly captures some of the schools stereotypes, and reminds me of when I was in school.... when the teachers swear when giving lectures, or if a kid says ""♥♥♥♥!"" in the hall, it reminds me that school wasn't all preppy like some of the movies and video games show these days, this game perfectly captures how school was, and how it is.The graphics are not half bad, I enjoy the style that the game uses for it's visuals, they're not too realistic, giving the look of a painting, or a picture. The graphics, assuming they're supposed too look like that, are very plesant too look at.The voice work was very decent, I could only say that victoria, and juliet are the least realistic, but all of the other voice actors, including the extras in the game, are phenomenal.This game focuses on the fact that your character can reverse time, which is pretty B.A. if you ask me, considering you can change your decision if you make the wrong choice in-game. which makes for real fun, considering you can hear new dialogue, also... when you can reverse time to search and figure out stuff if something goes wrong.Con's:Now this game is a puzzle game sort of... I had a problem with the paint, when I was supposed to tamper with it, I think I was the only dumbass that couldn't figure it out for 5 minutes. But it would've been nice for an indicator or something to point to the paint bucket before samuel had taken it.~That's about it xDI didn't experience any glitches or bugs when playing so I can't say for sure that it has any.I give this game 8.5/10 truly amazing, and a must buy for people that love Visual Novels. Such as The Walking Dead Game.  It's good looking, and has a plot that'll suck you into the gameIf you liked this review, please give this a thumbs up.I give this game a few respect points for the references to ""Akira"" XD~ Mr.Nonexistent Reviews"
,Recommended,319630,25270713,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,icey rayne,"""Life is Strange is love, Life is Strange is LIFE.""This experience - because saying game doesn't do it justice - is one of the most emotional and amazing I have ever had in a virtual world. The amount of depth surrounding the characters, the plot, is breath-taking. Every moral descision, even the smallest, feels important... I think I sat considering one of the more important/bigger ones for a whole 10 minutes because I was REALLY torn on how to react. You feel for the characters, feel their hardships, feel their joy. And - without giving MAJOR spoilers - episode 5 gave me a serious case of the creeps and chills. Only thing I would slightly hold against it is that the ending does feel slightly rushed. But it's only a very minor con, in my opinion. Well worth buying, especially considering now the first episode is free!"
,Recommended,319630,24890806,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CynaMel,"Well, Now i feel horrible for buying this game on discount.To write a review about a game that is literally built on spoilers is a hard job indeed, so I will try to keep it short as possible:Life is Strange is a very compelling take on how one person's perspective is all thats enough to affect the entire world around you. That's pretty deep coming from a point and click game (or maybe its all the teen drama). Lot of things in the game will remind you of what it is like to hold the power to make judgements and decisions that might quite well describe our own character in real life and the impact we can have on others. So believe it or not, you actually take a moment to think of the consequences before you press the button.As all point and clicks go, The Selling point is and always has been the plotline and character development, and LIS nailed it with a hammer so hard, its stuck in your head and never forgetable.+++Vivid Plotline (if you have'nt read any spoilers/walkthroughs).+++Characters.+++Gameplay mechanics.+++Controls.+++Sound Design and tracks ( damn good).+++Artwork and level design.+++Can take you on an emotional rollercoaster.+++For you achievement hunters, it has a dedicated collectible only mode that doesnt affect the plot and is playable by individual segments.Cool eh. Every game of this genre should have this feature.I dont have any negatives to say, athough a fair warning when playing Ep 5, It can literally mess with your mind with some of the complex and intricate scenes. Also, the very detail specifc people(yes, we geeks) might be able to find certain plot holes. The Game is very well polished in regards to presentation, utilities and bugs. Kudos to the entire Dontnod team.Alsothe game is best experienced playing all the episodes as soon as possible.(Just like reading a book).Episodic games like LIS are rare in a lifetime of video games with such depth and emotion, and if you have'nt played it yet, i highly recommend you to play and not to miss out the adventure.10/10 for point and clicking my emotional and intellectual strings.Hellagame indeed."
,Recommended,319630,19236358,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,nWerto-FOR-Great,"In our life, we have to make a choice. That's very important, because even life itself depends from choice. You always should think before making your step and choose carefully, because the consequences can be unpredictable.This story is a excellent example to this words.She is just a girl with usual life. Styding in academy, dreaming about her future career as professional photographer. Her name is Maxine Caulfield.After a five years living with parents in Seattle, she returned to her hometown - Arcadia Bay, and began her study in Blackwell Academy, where she can learn the art of photography. All goes well. The new week has been started. The week which she will never forget...Monday, in the classroom, Max saw a nightmare. A large tornado is wiping out the whole city. It ended suddenly, just like it started. She woked up, and everything was like before. She was in classroom. Nothing to worry about, but that tornado looked so real... After the lesson, she went to restroom to wash her face and have some calm. And in the corner of the restroom she found a butterfly. It's was so wierd to see such a beautiful creature in a place like that. Anyway, it is a good idea for a photo. After that, someone entered in restroom. It was two of them. Guy and girl. They shouting on each other and suddenly, guy took out a gun and began to threat. Then shot... In a panic, Max raised her hand and.... found herself in a classroom. She was shocked - every word... every move... it was just like few minutes ago. Maxine repeated her actions and got a proof - somehow she rewinded time. Even so, there is a chance to save that poor girl in the restroom! That conflict happend again, but Max enabled a fire alarm and saved girl's life.On this moment, need to stop telling story, because later, there will be the first important choice which Max should have to make and will have consequences. But, she have a gift of rewind, and that's the chance to fix a mistakes. Duration of this story - five days.In a most of moments, the action is based on making a decisions and fixing the situations using rewind power.Well, the decisions make a difference only in aspects of events. Change of dialogues, relationships etc. For example, if Max will spoil the relationship with one person at the first day, at fourth day that person won't believe on Max's warnings.Miss Caulfield can rewind only 10-20 seconds back, enough to change the last maked choice. Also, she will stay on the same place and have the same objects in pockets during rewind. That means, that she can overcome some sudden obstacles and take something useful and nobody will see this. But there always wiil be a""Butterfly Effect"", need to be careful.Well... marks...Graphical - 10/10 - Everything looks amazing. With a style.Sound and Music - 10/10 - Sounds are cool, music is 100% atmospheric.Interactive - 10/10 - Maybe the base isn't special, but rewind and decisions keeps the action up.Story - ... no 10 points... no... i cannot give less than TWELVE !(12/10)! The mix of school life, detective story and mystic are great. This story impressed me so much and keeped me focused right to the end.So, who loves the deep and exciting stories - You will be impressed.Remember, the change of time progression can bring a disaster. That's why we can't change it. You have to spoil one thing in order to make another thing better. Max Caulfield learned this."
,Recommended,319630,20294224,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Call Me A Hero,"Life Is Strange is full of surprises, I am not going to spoil them for you because you can't rewind time! This game exceeded my expectations. Therefore, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,18594677,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fallout_Boone,The manliest Tears were shed today after Episode 5
,Recommended,319630,19197173,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bruce Wayne,"One of the most beautiful adventure game I have played so far and it is story is quite interesting. If you are into roleplaying, this game deserves a shot."
,Recommended,319630,20501702,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hizzer,"Shades of Donnie Darko complement the dreamy, 'lens-whacked' look of Dontnod's episodic curio, where a highschool shutterbug gains time-warping powers."
,Recommended,319630,18717752,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hawky,"Every so often a game comes a long that you'll just love and you'll always remember that game for certain reasons, this is one of those games. Everything about this game is amazing, play it and love it."
,Recommended,319630,18626914,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ʚ Tenshi ɞ ♀,Feelings..So much..Play and cry its all about the game10/10and save Chloe !!
,Recommended,319630,14328449,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,S.,Best game of 2015
,Recommended,319630,23379355,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nurgle523,"This game is fantastic and replayable, even while playing. It played with Time, one of my favorite things to manipulate in games.I don't know if I can add anything new to the discussion."
,Recommended,319630,21207553,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,asepwashere,"after playing Ep.1,its like telltale games but better plot story,better animation,and better conversation.Im so regret not buying all other episodes."
,Recommended,319630,23760989,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Anustart,"Fantastic game that telltale should take notes from. It's been a while since TellTale fell in my eyes, and Dontnod was there to climb up with this tale! If you're in it for the story, sit back and enjoy."
,Recommended,319630,24135254,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Flowers are not gay,10/10 no ♥♥♥♥ing words
,Recommended,319630,24140217,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FriedCheeto,Imagine any TellTale game this game has the same mechanics but Life is Strange's story is 10x more emotional than any TellTale game.
,Recommended,319630,24266013,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kiban,"""Try to try againTo hear yourself again from time to time""This is one of the game that you will remember for a very long time. It's like a Guy Ritche movie - it gives you a little push in the start, introduces you to a characters and then let you to live through the mind of an actors. But the only difference that the main role is yours, so go ahead, don't mess up this time! Thus, it translates all the emotions from your character to you, so from time to time you actually think - is it worth to rewind once again?Kinda old graphics but the style is awesome and compensates all the defects of Unreal Engine 3. Never expected such an artwork in the environment. You could see all the photos, grafity, pictures on the wall painted manually with love and passion.Music is also flows according to the plot, so it starts with te casual guitar tune but close to the finale it gets tense and dark. Makes you believe in all that happens.Only one thing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off -in the stages like ""look at the picture and get back in time"", theoretically,  you could change the whole timeline and plot, so none of your actions will be done in the future. So when you see that all the actions you've done, lived and thought through are just never existed, you realize that it sucks. Like the game is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on your decisions that you made before in the past. Might be just a point of view though.I would recommend this game to all the fans of the travel-in-time-movies/games/books. And yes, choices are matter.Hella' game boyz."
,Recommended,319630,20048986,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Carinyc,"I'll never forget you, Chloe.1000/10"
76561198204358168,Recommended,319630,29336291,Posted: 18 January,all,Nieto,Great gameAmazing StoryGraphics: 10/10Story: 1000/10Mechanics: 10/10Sounds: 10/10
76561198077055790,Recommended,319630,25097558,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Naeris_,One of the greatest game experiences that i've had in a while.Would give 10/10 just for the soundtrack.
,Recommended,319630,14678454,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kaldire,100% pure AWESOMEnothing bad at all to say hereget this game and series you wont regret ittelltale eat your heart out!
,Recommended,319630,21062479,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,=MBT= HildeGurd,I love it!
,Recommended,319630,18622928,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sami Al-Mutairi ⭐🌙,Life is Strangeit's one of the rare games which is worth every cent spendالتعبير خذالني :( نصيحه للكل العبه رهيبه ولا تتفوت
76561198064251352,Recommended,319630,17294919,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TheMeanCanadian,"Life Is Strange is simply an amazing game. It's an episodic storytelling game. Did you play the walking dead? Toss that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the trash. Life Is Strange has set a new industry standardGame? Wrong word. Experience. Epoch. Genius of a storytelling device. 100/10. The next evolution of the genre of everything.Life is strange. Buy it. Play it. Jesus H Christ on a Popsicle stick I just finished the fourth episode and I don't know what to do with myself.I'll buy it for every one of my friends if I have to, I've never experienced anything on the level that is Life Is Strange.This game has made me laugh, cry, angry, humiliated, pitiful, envious, and terrified.It's left me shaking with adrenaline and just plain shaking, and the edge of my seat is pretty much vacant, it has me standing up instead.I can't count the number of times they have wrenched my heart out of my chest, twisted it like a wet towel, and put it back in sideways. With plot twists, with characters I care about going through rough times and with moments where you wish you could have done one thing different.The experience of a book and the experience of Life Is Strange, I've compared them previously. I've said it's almost exactly like a book. No, I'm wrong. A book could never deliver like this game has delivered. That's why I say it's the next evolution of storytelling.We went from books to movies to video games, took everything we learned from all of that, and poured it into this experience."
,Recommended,319630,14332460,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kemando,"Okay, so, I am a big fan of telltale's interactive story ""games"", and went into this with many past story game experiences under my belt. I was expecting something good, based on steam's reviews and my past experience with such games, and boy was I in for a surprise.I was expecting something good, but what I got was something phenomenal. Sure, the mouth flaps didn't sync perfectly with the voice acting, but damn it I don't care! Right away I was interested in our main heroine and her journey into becoming a photographer, I expected a slice of life take on entering adulthood and going your own way, but I was immediately surprised by a twist I wasn't expecting, having gone into the game relatively cold of knowledge about it's story. The characters are all believable, and through ""natural"" voice acting from some lesser known actors, the characters get a new layer of realism and allow you to identify with, and relate to them a little more easily.The only game I can equate this to from any past experience I've had is probably ""Gone Home"", it's a very personal quest that Max is on, trying to find herself, and then she gets mixed up in a totally bizarro situation, but the whole thing is sort of grounded in this believable, real world.I sat down, dimmed the lights, put on my headphones, and lost myself in the awesomeness of this game's atmosphere and character. I beat the first ""episode"" in about a 3 hour session of play, and that's looking at everything, talking to everyone (sometimes a few times for different results) and generally getting the most out of the chapter, and at roughly 3 hours per episode, this series is looking to be a solid 15 hour epic! And for $5.50 for the first chapter, I'd say it's worth every cent.I know these thoughts I'm having are sort of all over the place, it's because I'm having a hard time properly expressing just how much I enjoyed the first Episode of this series, and i am eagerly awaiting the next... and next and next installments.I went into this game expecting a good time, and I came out being a little sad that I had already finished the first part and have to wait so long for the next. This wasn't just a game, it was an experience, I thought about my moments with the first episode for about 2 days after I finished, and am still mulling over the events, the atmosphere, the character, and of course the wonderful soundtrack of in game songs and themes.So, in conclusion, I rambled a lot, but everything about my time with Life is Strange is great, I enjoyed every second of it, and I hope that everyone else does too. Get this game, if not then at LEAST get the first episode to wet your feet, and see if you like it enough to take the (super affordable) 20 dollar plunge.YES YES YES, get it.EDIT: I have since of course finished the entirety of the game, and my thoughts have not wavered. The game gets incredibly more interesting and even quite dark, the feels overwhelm and you find yourself feeling sad alongside these characters you've come to see almost as friends of your own.Life is Strange is the best game I've ever played, not because it's the most technically impressive, or has the best story, or has the best world... But because when I was playing; it was able to immerse me into this real world, it made me feel like I was apart of the story and interacting with these characters. I love this game, it's my favorite, and I got a tattoo, lest I never forget the impact this game has had on me."
,Recommended,319630,22523807,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Renegade,It's a trap!!!
,Recommended,319630,23121699,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DarkOrion11,"Immersive story, great voice acting, your decisions really matters and great soundtrack.A must have."
,Recommended,319630,24116885,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,_ymarlon,"Cant and want say a lot about this game... Just a single sentence:""Im in love with this game.""Just buy it, the first episode doesnt cost a lot. And I would bet that u will like it...God damn Max... :("
,Recommended,319630,16641117,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sarysa,"I've had the full version for 3 months now and still haven't updated this review.It's an RPG without the RPG elements, from the company which is famous for rich stories in games. Life Is Strange isn't really a game, it's an interactive movie. Gameplay is limited to movement, rewind, and your investigative skills -- and that old statement of mine may seem weird, but it has held up as only one time in the entire game are you stripped of your ability to rewind and undo the consequence of failure. The entire package takes about 8-15 hours to complete once, depending on whether or not you try to investigate everything and read all the backstory literature on your first playthrough.Having played through the game, I feel the creators have somewhat overhyped the importance of choice in this game. Seiken Densetsu 3 had more meaningful storyline branching. Life is Strange's story is ultimately linear, no matter if you're a paragon of virtue or a sociopath throughout the playthrough. What mid-game choices ultimately result in is ""do X, get Y cutscene. Do V, get W cutscene"". The most major potential difference is losing a 20-30 portion of the game, but the story inevitably goes in the same direction.Since the game is far more story than game, I need to tiptoe around the storyline to avoid spoiling it. The audio is fantastic, adds to the rich atmosphere of the game. Normally I'd be annoyed by the slow movement speed but again, since investigation and atmosphere are major aspects, it works for this game. The voice acting is pretty decent, my major complaint is the lips don't sync properly to the dialogue. (to the point of being distracting) The characters are a bit on the caricature side, with old and new teenage tropes mixed together, but that doesn't really bother me. This dialogue awkwardness seemed to be reduced in the later episodes.In spite of its not-non linearity, Life is Strange still manages to be both epic and personal, heartwarming and cruel, comedic and heart wrenching. The writing is top notch, plot holes exist but aren't to the point of distracting, and it compelled me enough to do a second ""jerkwad"" playthrough after my first ""friend of all living things"" playthrough. I'll probably end up picking up the second season, but probably not until all episodes are released. (this title handles episodic well, but I'm binge-spoiled by Netflix)"
,Recommended,319630,14463586,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,アブドラの息子サアド,"Story NA/10 .... cant rate the story on 1 episode onlycharacters 8/10Graphics 8/10one problem, is the lip sync was badsound is sometimes off with the lip movement"
,Recommended,319630,14307388,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DeviousSiddy,"This only concerns Episode 1 for now.I love this game so far. Immensely. It's smooth and flowing in many gameplay, animation (except for lip sync :(), controls, choices and choice making and even the new and refreshing time system. The game knows what it wants to be and achieves it better than other games of its kind at this moment can. Especially with the way it introduces such new and refreshing mechanics into this kind of standard Storydriven gameplay. It basically revolutionized it, even though it should not become the new standard, if you know what I mean.This first episode gave me hours of enjoyment and still some replayability. I am 100% hooked to this world and story.10/10 for sure. This is an example of a game that is loved by it's creators. This is very evident.Worth every bit of the price."
,Recommended,319630,24618584,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Suesan,"Possibly the best story to a game that I have ever played.I actually lost sleep over it.I Cried more for this than the end of The Walking Dead.Well done Dontnod.Answers the age old question, ""if I could do it over""If there is any game that deserves an award for feels, It is this one.LIS is on a level above any other game as far as character developement and relatability.People who badmouth this game haven't actually finished it.12/10: Hella Tasty."
,Recommended,319630,14251812,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Combocookie [BE] Hail GabeN,"""This game pushes boundaries in story telling.""(EPISODE 1) - (may contain spoilers)Ever got lost in time and space while reading a good novel? If you ever did, then you'll love this. It's the story of a shy girl called Max who has just turned 18 and recently moved back to her old town to study photography, in which she excels. It all seems to be kind of the ordinary at the beginning until she discovers something that will change her life entirely. Also the disappearance of a popular girl at school and chaotic visions about a storm near the town make you wonder what is really going on.The game is based on time travelling and making choices that lead to certain consequences (like the walking dead game, the wolf among us etc). But most of all, it is the story that convinces you to keep playing. It fascinates me how they managed to bring this character to life.So far I do not regret that I've bought it. Also I am looking forward to play the next episode.Pros- Great, different story- Time travel + consequences = great comboCons- I noticed a couple of times that the lips are not fully synchronized- Some people seem to have a few technical difficulties launching the game, make sure to visit the forums if you are having trouble while launching the game"
,Recommended,319630,14245039,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DestroChris🐉,Episode One: ~2h playtimeIt has a great Story so far.Great visuals.Nice music.Only bad thing is that you need to wait till ~March for episode 2
,Recommended,319630,18105039,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Obscura ツ,"One of the best adventures i ever played.+ Emotional Story which reminds me a bit of ""The Butterfly Effect"" Movie+ Your actions have consequences+ Awesome Soundtrack+ Achievements are easy to getCan´t wait for episode 5!!"
,Recommended,319630,14234824,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ethos,"Fantastic episodic adventure game from DONTNOD. Love the soundtrack and setting. Simplisitic artstyle is nice. Love the butterfly effect gameplay, changes up choice focused games. If you love telltale games, this will be no exception. Can't wait for episode 2."
,Not Recommended,319630,18583924,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lexi,Think Mass Effects 3 endings that don't rely on anything but a final choice was bad? Think again.Life is Strange.
76561198067163034,Not Recommended,319630,34202299,Posted: 12 August,all,IronicRobot,"LIFE IS STRANGELife is Strange is another episodic TV show-esque video game where you control the protagonist and certain dialogue options as well as some weighty decisions. Like other ""story-based"" episodic games like basically any Telltale game (which has popularized the genre), it advertises the aspect of ""choices matter"", even though... they don't really matter that much.... However, this is something I have come to expect from the ""choice-based"" genre, and it often doesn't detract from the experience in my opinion, because it changes enough nuances in the dialogue exchanges throughout the game that it is enough to be interesting.The game's story and characters will most of the time not ever rise above ""above average"". Not bad, but not very good at all. And since the game's entire selling point is story and characters, that's a problem. Not asinglecharacter in the entire game is anything other than a cheap high-schooler stereotype. Such stereotypes include:Quirky/shy girl with a strong sense of moralityRebellious punk girl with dyed hair who hates authority and constantly pouts about something.Shy, depressed girl being bullied.Entitled, popular rich girl who is a bully for basically no reason.Arrogant rich boy who is a bully for basically no reason.Nerd boy who is constantly trying to impress a girl.Authoritative security guard who goes ""damn teenagers"", etc.Attractive male teacher who female students talk about being ""so hot"", etc.The entire cast of characters is completely uninspired and taken right out of a cliche Hollywood high school drama movie. The only time any characters show any amount of depth whatsoever is a short-lived sequence in the beginning of Episode 4, which I will not explain further because of spoilers (obviously).The dialogue is a complete cringe-fest and is the worst aspect of the game. I went to high school not long ago in the Pacific Northwest, where the game is set. No one talks like they do in Life is Strange. No one. This game is the first time I've heard anyone say ""hella"", ""bizarro"", ""wowzers"", ""uber"", etc. unironically. It truly made me wince whenever a character said some of those words in a serious fashion.The plot is another beast. Much like the characters, there is almost nothing original here. It's a mystery story with time travel involved. Like other time travel stories, there are many, many plot holes and inconsistencies within the logic and rules of the time travel. Other movies/shows/etc. have made better use of the time travel concept with less holes (although it is pretty much impossible to not havesomeholes in anything involving time travel, I will admit).The pacing of the game is also off. For most episodes, the beginning and end of each episode are the most eventful parts, and much of the middle seems to be busywork/filler for the characters in order to pad out the length of the episode to get it to over 2 hours long (presumably so people won't complain about it being too short). The infamous ""collect five bottles"" sequence comes to mind. Many instances of the aforementioned busywork sequences could have been done in a much faster and more logical way if only the plot did not require the episode to be over 2 hours long.The end of the game is a mixed bag. While there are cool and interesting parts here and there, the final stretch mostly falls flat. The final decision is not a hard one if you are of a logical mindset.... And no matter which ending you choose, the final cutscene is short enough to make me feel a sense of wanting; as if there should be more to it. It actually ends rather abruptly and awkwardly.It was worth the $5 I spent when it was on sale, but if you are interested in seeing what happens in this game, I suggest watching all the gameplay on YouTube instead of spending your hard-earned money on an experience so... uninspired. That is why I am checking ""No"" under ""Do you recommend this game?""I have a lot of trouble understanding how this game has achieved an ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" rating of 96% here on Steam. It really bends my mind. In fact, it bends my mind more than any of the plot twists in the game. If you want actually decent episodic story-based games then please spend your money on some of Telltale's many games such as The Walking Dead seasons 1 & 2, The Wolf Among Us, Tales from the Borderlands, or Batman.Score: 6 / 10, Above Average"
76561198397718315,Recommended,319630,33919846,Posted: 30 July,all,sonne,"This is the first GAME let me regard the GAME as a kind of ART.It's a beautiful GAME with a touching story.Although storys  about REWINDING TIME are so common,kind of sterotype.People dream of having the power to rewind TIME and rewrite the destiny.just because there are so many regrets in our lives.LIFE NEVER PERFECT.In a word,It's an awesome game,I recommend.and it's best way for people like me to learn English.└(^o^)┘"
,Recommended,319630,14249544,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Crossfit Jesus,"I'm living out my fantasy as a highschool girl, making harder decisions than I've ever had to make in my highschool life. Then replaying it all over again because I feel like I messed up. 11/10"
,Recommended,319630,14300121,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,WhatsShakinBacon,"It's on sale now so it won't cost you much...Only your soul.After EP5...I have no words.""I need a new Episodic game series""So my friend bought me a copy of LiS in February 2015, as a birthday present. I'd never heard of it, but it seemed like an interesting concept, especially after he introduced me to the Walking Dead and the Wolf Among Us. How naive I was back then...Life is Strange is probably one of the most enjoyable linear-sort-of-interactive games I've played, that alongside the Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us.Gameplay-wise it's a walking sim, with an interesting twist of time travel, which allows you to do a whole miriad of things you usually wouldnt be able to do. (Read: Saying the right things ALL the time)I overall enjoyed the narrative style, something you'll have to find out for yourself, just so I don't spoil most of the major points.A feature I really liked about this game, which I haven't seen in other games I've played, is that at points in the story you can just sit down: listen to the music, and hear the thoughts of the protagonist on the current situation. It adds just a little bit more authenticity to the overwhelming events which have befallen our dear Max Caulfield.Something I really enjoyed was the art style and cinematography used. It's very cohearant, and nothing seems out of place, unless it's used to enhance the jarring effect of the circumstances. Scenes are well planned, an camera angles and shots are used to enhance the content: the game comes across as very filmic. Infact at times I find that it rivals even art house films in the amount of effort put into something as simple as camera angles. The dappled pseudo-impressionist art style is something I really felt immersed me in the universe. Personally I believe having a hyper-realist game would have been far less impactful and authentic.To wrap it up I'd like to say that on the whole I really enjoyed this game, I connected with the main character, and spent the time after an episode in complete shock. I then proceeded to tear my hair out until the next release, because I ABSOLUTELY needed to know what happened next.So I'd rate this as my GOTY for 2015. Ofcourse it all depends on taste, and what you're looking for: but give it a try in anycase, you never know, you might enjoy it :D."
,Recommended,319630,14264099,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,HappyChimeNoises,8/8 music8/8 story8/8 feels8/8 £16
,Recommended,319630,19116393,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Rokaz,"Amazing game :)(9,6/10)"
76561198170398743,Recommended,319630,18690707,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Alex In Wonderland,"I've never cried so hard in my life, this game really messed me up and I am going to take quite a few days to think about life."
,Recommended,319630,18588049,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[HTT]Garantine,"Amazing, special props to the soundtrack! Anyone looking for a story with choices should play this. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!"
,Recommended,319630,19081145,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Shadow,"I love you, Max.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=554941068"
,Recommended,319630,14408474,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zetsuji,I was able to drop a bucket to splash wet paint on a ritch snob ♥♥♥♥♥ over and over and over with my top notch time bending shenanigans.11/10
76561198049580575,Recommended,319630,17274327,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Papyrus the pasta masta,"This game destroys you in all of the good ways.Changed my perception on life, but definitely not a game for the faint of heart,since it has very serious and disturbing themes.Recommended for people who are looking for a wonderful journey, but have a strong enough psyche to see the beauty of all of the underlying themes.10/10, masterpiece."
76561198027154283,Recommended,319630,16693857,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rocife,"Yes this game has things wrong with it, every game has some problems, but i am not here to say the bad. This game is meant for someone who likes making difficult choices, enjoys female protagonists, exploring large areas.The enviroment of this game is one of the best I have seen.The story is very in-depth and you havce to pay close attention.The game can get very emotional and intense.The game's use of the time reversal is absolutely outstanding.This is the best game i have ever played. I recommend this game for almost anyone.I understand some people will hate just because they can, but it's an amazing game 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,17272257,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,cry baby,hella good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,30232692,Posted: 27 February,all,All Raptors' Eve,"An exceptionally emotional game. Often it's difficult between sticking to your morals and choosing something for the greater good, and this game is full of things like that. Everything that happens does so for a reason, all of the characters can develop into people you care about, and that leads to creating one greatest emotional rollercoasters I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,18805294,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Geru,I think I may have caused armageddon by watering a plant.10/10 would end the world again
76561198087106918,Recommended,319630,24364467,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Derekorz,"*NOTE SPOILER WARNING*Before I start this review, let me just say that if you are NOT a fan of story-based games, or they don't interest you in any way, then this game won't be for you.However! That being said, if story-based games are your forte, and you would take an interest to them, please continue reading....Enter Arcadia Bay, a beautiful town on the coast of the Pacific Ocean, and meet Max, an 18 year old girl who has just started her first semester at Blackwell University. But something strange is going on in Blackwell, and it's up to Max, and her time changing abilities to figure out the puzzle, along with the help of her friend, Chloe. Your choices and actions will affect you at a different point in the game, so make sure that you choose wisely, because unlike TellTale games, your choices DO matter!Overall, I really enjoyed this game, but I would like to try and break it down by part just to give a little more depth into the game.Episode 1:Probably my favorite episode in the game by far, like a good novel, this is the start of the story, you get a better understanding of the characters, and a feel for the town.Episode 2:Also another episode that I really enjoyed, this is where the the story really begins to take off, and you learn some of the secrets to what is going on here at Blackwell.Episode 3:My second favorite episode, the end of this episode combined with the beginning of Episode 4 really made me love this game even more. In episode 3 is probably where a big part of the story surrounding Chloe and Max take off and you get to find out more and more about what is happening.Episode 4:Good, in fact, really good, almost perfection at its finest. The peak of the story, where your decisions will ultimately unfold, as you see the result of your behavior through previous episodes.Episode 5:Overall, I realy didn't like episode 5, it had a different feel than from the previous four episodes. It can be argued, that in this episode, your choices ultimately didn't matter.You are forced to choose between saving Chloe, or saving the town. These are your only two options, regardless of your choices made earlier in the game.I also didn't like it, because you spend a lot of time in this episode erasing timelines, wherin decisions and relationships that you built up will not matter after they have been erased. This episode just didn't have that overall Life is Strange feel to it, and felt more like a mandatory book reading.That being said with all that in mind, I still really loved this game. The soundtrack, the visuals, and the voice acting (with the exception of pretty terrible lip syncing) made this game really quite beautiful.I wished that there were 20 different endings, that WERE actually dependant on previous choices made.This game really inspired me, and changed the way I feel about video games. To put things in perspective, I am an 18 year old male, and this game nearly made me cry, it was an emotion journey, and episodes 1-4 are an 11/10, however with the addition my least favorite episode, number 5, I'd give this game a solid 9.5/10.This game will easily go down as a top 5 game for me, and I HIGHLY recommend you buy it and play it thoroughly. And even though there were things about this game that I didn't really like, and choices that weren't all that fair, honestly, Life is Strange like that...(I apologize if this review isn't that good, my first real attempt at writing a good review)"
,Recommended,319630,14308880,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Yurishii,"I give 11/10 PointDo not say some think long , just this is very amazing game that enough ♥"
,Recommended,319630,15944377,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,dotchloe,On of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,319630,17142389,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Thumpster,Episode 1 : okayEpisode 2 : betterEpisode 3 : WOWEpisode 4 : This is just amazingEpisode 5 : What  game am I playing again?
,Recommended,319630,28403823,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Yearlink,"went in not expecting much, left amazedeach and every episode has a defined feel, each different and unique, focusing on different aspects, usually ending with a cliff hanger on each, begging you to keep playing.this game changed the way i think, the way i function, with thought provoking situations throughout, Life is Strange makes you think about topics you might not have priordont even get me started on the soundtrack, each and every song is so fitting to whichever engagment or scenario its played in.this is one of the best games i've ever played in my life, the art style is clearly clean and exactly how they wanted it, while more of a story than a game the controls are solid for what they do, it just worksi didnt cry playing Life is Strange, but i wanted toi can't believe a studio like Square Enix could create something so moving and engaging, this is one of those games you recommend new gamers to, a must have, must play, must experience.simply beautiful"
76561198017681447,Recommended,319630,17435149,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ferretsrule,"If you enjoy Telltale games, then you’ll♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself playing this (A good peeing yourself feeling!)! I’m not going to write a long winded review it’s a good game worth the time you put into it. A lot slower but with a deeper story with well-developed characters. If you've never played story driven games like this like Walking Dead/Wolf Among Us then play a game where you can make multiple choices with a strong feeling your choices affect the end result. Amazing!"
76561198217052067,Recommended,319630,24691343,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,RushingSnail,Best game ever!!! The stories are good and the background music really fits the atmosphere well. Strongly recommended!!!
,Recommended,319630,16082278,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,>l.y.z<,Really fun and touching! It is a great story and its really worth the money!
,Recommended,319630,27909160,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sharia Law Enforcer,"Wasn't nominated for the""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" Awardfor no reason.Great decision-based and story-driven game that I would highly recommend, especially when its only $5 for all 5 seasons during sales. Possibly the best Telltale style game I've played, having played previous Telltale titles. The soundtrack for Life is Strange is also one of the best composed and well-chosen OST/LST I've heard, as it very well fits in with the overall theme, setting, and emotions of the game. The ambient art style and design of the game is also very well-drawn out and created.The game may seem to be orbiting a teen girl drama setting, though its more than that and unfortunately this isn't fully represented in the 1st episode, which may slightly lose the interest of players when they first start. Aside from that, there is very little to work on to improve this already great game, such as facial expressions relating to the emotions represented, and a few mechanics that need to be tweaked.To conclude, this great is a awesome work of art and is definitely something unique. As you go through the episodes, the game continues to get better, and the ending... Its definitely something. This is one of the best games I've played, along with many other titles, and something I won't forget about.9.75/10youll probably shed a few manly tears"
76561198036068313,Recommended,319630,28898625,Posted: 1 January,all,PIKAZHU,I should have not buy this game during discount. Im sorry.
,Recommended,319630,27037908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ksn0va,"It's been months since I finished this game but I still can't seem to get over it. Even though some of its shortcomings are on on par with most of the Telltale games, there's just something else with this game that keeps me from moving on."
76561198087862878,Recommended,319630,29264098,Posted: 14 January,all,Lifetime,"I highly reccomend anyone on getting this game!This game has good graphics, plot, and soundtracks!Kudos to Dontnod & Square Enix for making this amazing game!"
,Recommended,319630,29318220,Posted: 17 January,all,PapaFern,"Ep.1 - Okay, interesting, let's see where this goes.Ep.2 - Yeah, I think I got the ending sorted. Getting pretty deep.Ep.3 - This has Butterfly Effect written all over it...least I sav...oh Jesus ♥♥♥♥ my feels. My heart sank.Ep.4 - Right, time solve this mystery, and nail this suc...OH NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY! FOR REAL!? ...No way, get 5 on now!Ep.5 - Oh I am seriously tripping balls, dude. Wowser! This hella got me right in the feels."
76561197998003371,Recommended,319630,29285429,Posted: 15 January,all,shamael_2097,For the past twenty years I have regarded Final Fantasy VII to be the best game I had ever played. Now... I'm not so sure anymore.
,Recommended,319630,27333853,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,margarita,masterpiece
,Recommended,319630,27466568,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,อย่างติ๋ม,"My only choice of “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"
,Recommended,319630,29730317,Posted: 5 February,all,zhc45,A game that I really like to play.
76561198045467817,Recommended,319630,26866571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lucas,"This Game just blew my mind... A couple of Months after first playing the game I still think about it everyday. It became a part of my life, it influenced my decision making in alot of areas. The Soundtrack is running up and down, on my Music Player aswell as in my head.I can just recommend this hella awsome piece of game, or is it art already? :D to everyone out there.1000000/10"
,Recommended,319630,27736068,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nervous Potato,Pros:-Cute graphics-Great story-Story depends on your answers.-ChloeCons:-I criedSummary: Would rewind time again.
,Recommended,319630,27770758,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZechsX18999,"A rich story, time travel powers, & choices that matter."
,Recommended,319630,16854181,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ratchet,"This may be the first and only review I ever write, but here it goes.This game is absolutely stunning. It's art style is simply amazing and compliments each specific moment of the game. The audio is stunning. The game mechanics can become a bit repetative, but it kinda ties into the feeling of the character learning their power. Probably one of my only other complaints is that the mouth movement is a bit off sometimes, but that's about it. Every second of this game just feels like it's going to have such a huge impact, and the ending of every episode sends chills down my spine (I almost lost my mind at the end of episode 3!).Great game. Probably one of the best $20 I've ever spent on a game, in fact."
76561198093722714,Recommended,319630,18051019,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dino Dan,hmm...
,Recommended,319630,18581344,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Red,I just died inside. Lived. And died again. This game is the most beautiful and yet heart tearingly horrible at the same time. The characters are relateable and loveable.Time for a replay!
,Recommended,319630,18601444,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FOURPLAYuk,"One of the best games I've played in years.Probably one of the best in my life.It's not about pew pew or a high score it's dramatic with suspense and emotion,the voice acting is extremely good and the possible plot twists are great.I once read an article in a games magazines about evoking emotion with computergames, this game made me experience the broad range of human emotion and Iapplaud it for that.5/5"
,Recommended,319630,16759016,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sally,"Pfff...I'm literally strugging to cope right now (waiting for ne next season installment ).Can't stop thinking about this series!! Gorgeous visuals, incredible story, and captivating characters. Many parts of each installment had me gasping pretty loud/shouting ""No Way"" a tonne, and made me realise how insanely nosy I am (rumaging through bins, looking at peoples phones/tablets/PCs/staring at people/touching everything in sight).I adored games such as Fahrenheit and Heavy Rain, so Life Is Strange is obviously no exception to the rule of my favouritings. The main game mechanic (rewind), is excellent, and regardless of whether you rewind or not, most cases I was left panicking as to whether I had made the right decision or not. I also got so into it that at times in real life, I had a few occasions where I thought I could rewind time myself, haha...for example, I spilled my drink in the kitchen, and for a really fleeting moment my brain flickered with ""Oops! Re..wind...wait..."". I get way to into these types of games, for sure.The voice acting is something left to be desired though. I mean, the individual dialogues are ok to some degree, but I'm pretty sure each actor was popped in a room by themselves with the script, with the person they are interacting with in the story dialogue in a different room altogether, mind. If I'm honest, this wasn't offputting to me, and actually made me giggle in some instances.I hope the series rolls on, and on, and on. Like my feelings with The Last of Us, this game will break my heart when it has to come to and end. I'll never get over it, haha!"
,Recommended,319630,18622207,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,JBwB | Haikyuu!!,"Life Is Strange man... The feels...What a pleasant surprise.I did not expect the game to be this good. Or so impactful.For those that like graphic adventure / drama games.Play this game. Seriously.It's quirky, weird and surprisingly endearing.It's one of the best 'games' of 2015."
,Recommended,319630,19183828,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,nova_w01f,Never cried so hard over a game before in my life.  10/10 would weep again.
,Recommended,319630,24687725,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AbdullahEGY,"Nothing to dislike about this game, except for the F'ed up lip-syncing :DA must play !"
76561198053771615,Recommended,319630,18965857,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,一腔诗意喂了狗,"(Spoilers ahead) Took me a while to write a comment about Life is Strange, Finished the episode 5 almost a month ago but just could not get rid of it. Back to the first time when I played Life is Strange it just simply surprised me, the story line and the personalities of each character attracted me to play with it( Background music is very good as well ) and looking forward to the next eposide. First four episodes were amazing and at the end of episode 4,it really shocked me when I saw Chloe was shot by Mark Jefferson.As for episode 5, I felt like Square Enix made it for a bit hurry.There are two endings as I chose to save Chloe and abanded the whole Arcadia Bay, another ending is to save Arcadia Bay and let Chloe die.Both endings give me thoughts like whenever you want to save something or someone, you need to make some sacrifices.Anyway, even it is not a perfect ending, I highly recommend it, it definitely worth the price you pay for!"
76561197974105633,Recommended,319630,18984924,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,steek_hutzee,This game is so beatiful and well done that it will ruin your life when you realize it's over.Don't buy it unsless you wanna get aboard the feels train!
76561197974581572,Recommended,319630,16535403,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Munkie,"Being a high school girl is tough, at least it was for me in high school, and being of the opposite gender didn't help. Because of that my high school experience left nothing but a large empty void in my life that has never been filled, until now. And much to my surprise this game, Life Is Strange, has filled that empty void in my life. Now I can role play as a high school girl as much as I want and for as long I want.I can finally visit those areas in high school that were always taboo to me.Visit the girls bathroom? Check.Visit the girls dorm? Check.Engage in cat fights? Check Check and Check.Lust over young high school boys? Check.Have a facebook account? Check.11/10 - I highly recommend this game it's the best high school girl simulator around.Thank you DONTNOD Entertainment, from the bottom of my heart."
,Recommended,319630,27450319,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sakura,"A wonderful, story-rich game with a beautiful story to it. Emotional, story driven, romantic, a very well written story, and beautiful graphics. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,319630,14347152,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Larvitar,"It is an interesting, story-driven game that is tailored to your choices just like The Walking Dead (both seasons) and The Wolf Among Us. You play as Max Caulfield, a young female adult still attending high-school who discovers she has the uncanny ability to reverse time and change the future (and past!), your choices indeed do have both positive outcomes and consequences, such as a choice being positive in the present but may be extremely negative in the future. You must decide carefully, and that's the whole beauty of it - not to mention its incredible story. Yes, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,17462198,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,out of town,"I must admit, I didnt expect such intense and attritional storytelling.Best game 2015."
,Recommended,319630,28692071,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mutie,"one of my favorite games ever!!made me laugh, cry, frustrated and spooked.even made me question some things in my own life too, honestly.9/10 - chloe is bae"
,Recommended,319630,25341123,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Fallen_Angel ☽,"A game that touches upon many themes, with fantastic character development and story, and choices to affect parts of the story later on. Wish i could rewind time to play that game again (not knowing the story)﻿ 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,16634848,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,thedarkwhatever,i cannot recommend this masterpiece enough..im anxiously awaiting the release of the last 2 episodes...and anticipating a 2nd season for this wonderful work of art. just buy it.
,Recommended,319630,24779703,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TruthSucks,"Compelling story, I shed my tears even after playing it twice....I've always been fond of Time travelling stories, but they aren't always about time travel, in this particular narrative, it's about Max fighting against the universe to be together with Chloe,and it's killing me that with all the effort I've been putting into, all the emotions I have invested,I have to choose whether to finish what Max started or to left Chloe to die.. Of course I loaded the save to play two different endings, just to enjoy two songs and I'm overwhelmed by both endings.Life is Strange is truely one of My favourite games, well done DON'TNOD!"
,Recommended,319630,14407580,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,( ˘ ɜ˘) ♬♪♫,"If you enjoyed some of the TellTale games, this is one league above.The game is so beautifuly crafted, the art, the music, the characters, the dialogs, everything fits. You will care for the people you meet, be happy with them, and sad... you will try to fix some situations with Max's super power by rewinding time, and then wonder if you did the right thing, and maybe go fix it again?And even though you can fix the past again and again, you never really know how this will affect Max's future.This game is a beautiful butterfly effect."
,Recommended,319630,14251678,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jibaku,"First things first: WE NEED THE CHAPTERS TO LAST LONGER (fgs)This game is awesome, polished, neat whatever it is great.You start as a girl who discovers that gained some time traveling power. With that power you can change a lot of decisions and change the future itself, how people react etcetera. The story (as far as the first chapter goes) is quite simple, a girl with some friends with her own issues in life. The nice thing about it is that it introduces the plot superficialy, so you won't finish the first chapter with a clear idea of what's going on, you know ""some"" things, strange thing happening.Pros: etc etc bla bla it is awesome periodcons: the first chapter ends in a blink of an eye, totaly disapointed with that."
,Recommended,319630,33002337,Posted: 29 June,all,NagiSoi,About 3h +- of content per episode (if you don't play another route). 9/10 would rewind time again.
76561198072797959,Recommended,319630,32795254,Posted: 25 June,all,Dickbutt,10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,33163644,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Daddy,"This game strikes you right in the feels. Great story mode, and every choice matters."
,Recommended,319630,14317114,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Areaof i n f i n i t y,This is the absolute best game i've ever played. Its a game I really like. Wow this game is perfect this game I love this game this gameislifeis GREAT THIS GAME
76561198122297084,Recommended,319630,33228842,Posted: 4 July,all,SweepDeDog,"Life is strange is a game that has grown very close to my heart with a fantastic storyline and memorable characters with hella cheesy one liners (you'll love em)Pros:- Engaging and exciting narrative- Memorable characters with talented VA's (especially Ashly Burch as Chloe)- A beautiful art style- The best ost I've heard in a video game to date.- Cheesy but fun one linersCons:- Rewind mechanic can be somewhat tedious at times, but this is only nitpicking and it doesn't take away from the game itself."
,Recommended,319630,31660319,Posted: 9 May,all,ll N f K ll^~V.!.P.L.O.V.E=-,The best story game i have played until now.Episode 2: got me emotionalEpisode 4: made me shockOverall best game with great story <3
,Recommended,319630,27035999,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pentou,"Game of the Year 2015, in my opinion. c:"
,Recommended,319630,30052458,Posted: 19 February,all,Finnandja the Deathwisher,All aboard the Feel Train! next stop Crippling Depressionville!
,Recommended,319630,14320205,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Murky #7 (Aris),"Surprisingly well-made with actual like-able characters, this game makes for a very enjoyable and interesting experience. Think the Walking Dead game, but not so dark, and add in a twist mechanic allowing you to turn back time a short ways, and you've got yourself Life is Strange.Honestly, the ending presents the game with so much more potential than one would see just from playing it at first. And the music, oh my god, the music. It's beautiful. You can actually relate to the main character, wanting to tune out certain things, feeling anxiety after a teacher practically just embarrassed you in front of an entire class. The music fits the mood completely.While the voice-acting is alright, it fluctuates, personally. The animation is pretty fluent, and you can even tell with the antagonist that he's not exactly in his right mind.My advice? Pay attention to everything, and examine everything. I missed a few things, and while they don't have a heavy impact on the story, i don't believe, I regret interacting with them. It does play a somewhat integral factor in your own feelings towards the game itself. There's so many actions to do, and so many interesting people to interact with, even the ones you might hate personality wise.Definitely worth the purchase, can't wait for the rest of the episodes!"
,Recommended,319630,16188835,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,nawa,Fet-ish Game
,Recommended,319630,15490830,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,I know.,Better than 99.1% of the games I've ever played. 10 out of 10.
,Recommended,319630,21627082,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Paradocks - Idle / Asleep,I kissed a girl and I liked it
,Recommended,319630,14405478,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Captain James Kennedy,"*I will update the review**Update Since Episode 4*So this game has been so entertaining so far. First of all the story is really good. The game tells a really intresting and breath taking story, while making it intresting to participate and make decisions in it. The scenery is absolutely beautiful, like there are some places I screen shot, and just want to put it as my dekstop background. The Sound track is epic, so realxing I actually downloaded a playlist of it. The style, the well balanced voicing, the improvements on every episode makes this one of the best story telling games ever. If you want to see a REALLY good movie, and yet shape its story, then it is a MUST buy. The best feature is that you feel like playing something fresh and new. More games need to give this feeling.The Final Review will be posted as the 5th Episode comes out, there I will have a conclusion and a Verdict."
,Recommended,319630,32882816,Posted: 27 June,all,NIEMY,Great artstyle. Great soundtrack
,Recommended,319630,18799767,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SliiPlayer,"This is my first game review for a reason. I haven't found any game before that has awed me in such a way that I would be motivated to write a review of it right away. This is the first (and hopefully not last) game to have that effect on me.Life is Strange is an immersive video game that doesn't leave you disappointed. It's thought provoking throughout the entire series and forces you to care about each and every decision. You are forced to think ahead of the timeline and hypothesize about what could potentially be wrong with every dialogue scene.Your own moral stance and choices will be put into question. How you view the world will impact how this game will come out and for a very good reason.The graphics of this game is not the super HDR detailed textures that someone would be looking for, but the animation style is one for the ages. Once you move past the characters lips not moving perfectly with what they are saying, you become lost in the town of Arcadia Bay.Would I recommend this game? I absolutely would. One of the best choice driven games I have ever got my hands on and it was heart breaking to watch it end.10/10 would always play it again."
,Recommended,319630,32891027,Posted: 27 June,all,Я ИЗ САН ФРАНЦИСК,"Эта игра заслуживает внимания. Ты вроде только начинаешь первый эпизод а тебя уже затянуло в эту трясину. Всё очень драматично и красочно что остановиться просто совесть не позволяет. Я ещё не далеко прошёл, но уже в восторге что же будет дальше!?This game deserves attention. You're kind of just starting the first episode and you're sucked into the quagmire. All very dramatic and colorful as staying just conscience does not allow. I'm not far, but excited what will happen next!?P/S Плиззз оцените мой перевод. Plizzz rate my translation.******Ls."
,Recommended,319630,17391942,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Matthew,BUY THIS GAME NOW. IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT.
,Recommended,319630,28723082,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Walter O'Dim,"Really good story driven game, played just like telltale games, can easily compete with The Walking Dead or Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,319630,16976652,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jyneath,"This game is the f****** feels simulator. I go to sleep and think about what is going to happen later on in the game. It may sound like I'm overreacting etc. but it's not like it. This game or whatever it is got me sleepless nights just because of theorizing! So glad I have purchased this game and I recommend this game to everyone who just wants to take a break from guns blazing and protecting towers and so on. Btw this is probably one of the hardest games you will ever play, not because of combat or puzzles but because of choices you have to make and thinking over and over about the consequences. Now please stop reading this and buy & play this game."
,Recommended,319630,14266031,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tacuruu,"A beautifully done, story driven game. The game has a central mechanic called ""rewind"" that is put seamlessly into the story of it all, the voice acting is fantastic and the art style is one of my all time favorites. The ending left me satisfied, and I cannot wait for the next installment come march.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,29816312,Posted: 9 February,all,^4Don42,*Cries*
76561198071705315,Recommended,319630,17036532,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Pawn,"Brilliant.What is it?  Is it a game?  Is it a movie?  Is it a modern day choose-your-own-adventure?  Is it simply art on showcase?These are the questions that I asked myself after completing Episode 1.  After a few minutes of fiddling with the controls I quickly became accustomed to the physics.  Movement is well designed and fluid.  The controls are very natural and intuitive.The visuals are semi-realistic with a monet-esque blur that truly transmits the aura of a dream-state.  Clearly a great deal of attention was put into the visual presentation of the story and the theme was consistent from one stage of the story to the next.  The sounds of the game from the hallway murmur to the chirping of birds outdoors was well-timed, realistic, and engaging.  The music throughout was excellent.  It fluidly merged with the visual presenation forming a cohesive whole that drove the plot.I am very impressed with the overall presenation.I really enjoyed the story as it unfolded and look forward to the remainnig 4 episodes which I will certainly buy for myself and for my sister.  I'm glad that I finally checked out this amazing title.  Even though the total entertainment time was short I'm more than happy with the price range.Perhaps the only drawbacks to my experience was choice limitation and a somewhat rushed plot develpoment.  It felt, to me, as if there were only two choices per event.  I would have liked to have seen more.  I also would have liked to have seen the plot develop a tad more slowly.Anyway, I hope the early choices made form a ""family tree-like"" divergence in final outcomes.  Since I have only com pleted episode 1 I shall have to wait and see.  I'm not going to replay any of the episodes until I have completed the entire story from start to finish but I do look forward to finding out how the different decisions impact the ultimate conculsion.After the credits ran I was thanked for playing by the development team--that was a nice touch.  They showed me  appreciation and I will return the favor.Well done.Thank you for making this game."
,Recommended,319630,29731151,Posted: 5 February,all,Aptua,Life is Strange is a beautiful point and click adventure that mixes a stunning atmospheric soundtrack with a beautiful story and graphics to convey some of the most impactful emotions I have ever gotten from a game. If you haven't played this game yet I urge you to try it. The first episode is free. The only advisory I have is that if you are planning to play the first episode make sure you have $20 for the rest of the episodes because you will most definitly be hooked.
76561198120696812,Recommended,319630,19759815,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Rain,"Kick ♥♥♥ game 11/10.MY words cant discribe how good it is. But like I said 10/10 Recommended!!!Just gotta add, episode 3 left me with chills(and the good kind). Can NOT wait for episode 4's launch tomorrow(or following). SO PUMPED!"
,Recommended,319630,17265595,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dibbsGG,"Just finished Episode 4. Need to lay down and decompress, that was intense!"
76561197998349665,Recommended,319630,18654604,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Arinio,Story of the year. Great Game. Love it. Mind blowing ending.
76561198049971421,Recommended,319630,31862999,Posted: 20 May,all,Tu sei Robb vero?,non è un capolavoro dio cane
,Recommended,319630,20070282,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Slutty Coconut,OH MY GOD.THIS GAME. I CANT.FEELSFEELFEEEEELSFEEEELSOH HOLY COWWORTH EVERY PENNY
,Recommended,319630,33138244,Posted: 2 July,all,zNx,Best single player game I've ever played. Period.
,Recommended,319630,29985388,Posted: 17 February,all,Athos,"An incredibly amazing, unique, original and nice story game, where your choice does matter (and there is hella alot choices), because you are creating the story of this game, changing future and past or fixing your mistakes with Max's incredible power to rewind time. This game brings into very realistic environment at high art school, you do experience typical problems such as drama, bullying, helping friends and etc.I swear i felt this game breathing at me and i could hear its heart beating as much as i was so much deeply submerged into the game itself. It felt like a watching movie, a very nice and awesome movie. Every character in game does have its unique soul, behaviour and attitude to you. You could feel every character's emotion, like you were seeing and talking to them in real life. Also i really enjoyed playing as Max, because shes kinda like me, silent but nice. I did love that rich and emotional story. Definitively enjoyed this 15 hour gameplay.""Iam not crying, i just got an sand grain in my eye...""ProsRealistic environmentRich and deep storyChoices does matterInteraction with charactersInteraction with environmentUnforeseen consequencesLong playtimeOriginalityUnique gameGreat soundtrackExcelent graphicsPointConsUnable to rewind at some events doesnt allow you to use Max's full superpower potentialLow quality textures on vehicles (but this is minor detail)This is not just a game, this is an art!11/10 for me."
,Recommended,319630,33121836,Posted: 2 July,all,#TiLtEdArKanTos cs.money,The most goosebumps ever got for a game. Amazing emo story and the game is hella awesome.
,Recommended,319630,25137627,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,D3LTA,"I never expected that i'll fall in love with ""choices based"" game..but in the first place I look on the story more than the gameplayThis game changed my way of thinking..my view to life.I just feel nostalgic every time I play it...but nostalgic to what? I really don't know..it just reminds me of something...reminds me of life...life is great...Life is StrangeGive it a try!-----Btw at first I thought I'll play only the free episode & just try it then drop the game away..but I couldn't just leave it after..I immediately bought & downloaded the other episodes & finished the game in one night-----I'm waiting now to forget about the story so I can play it more & more <3"
,Recommended,319630,14245311,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Leviathan,"Well, Square Enix, you've done it again...You've gotten me to play the girliest game I've encountered since FFX-2.Contemporary, visually stunning, conceptually awesome, but definitely predominantly late teenage female audience target marketed.Interested to see where the story takes us, but finding it a bit hard to relate to the characters, as I was never a teenage hipster girl.If you're a fan of progressive D&D Choose Your Own Adventure storyline mechanics, best seen in games like Fahrenheit: The Indigo Prophecy, and TellTale's Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us, there is a fair chance you'll appreciate this.It wouldn't be fair to give this game a --/10 rating as yet, as there are still 4 Episodes to go, but we'll cross that road when we get there."
,Recommended,319630,33230700,Posted: 4 July,all,Kaptein Kid,Amazing story
,Recommended,319630,20368061,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ImmaBeAWhiteGuy,"Wow.  This game.  There have been only a select few other games that have made me feel the hardcore feels.  If you have not played this game, please try the demo.  It will give you a good idea of what the games is about.  DO NOT READ ANY SPOILERS ON THIS GAME!  People made the same mistake with the game ""To The Moon"" and it ruins the experience.  Please try the demo.  Make sure you buy all 5 episodes.  It is a feel trip and you won't want to turn it off, however, I recommend you take your time.  Reflect on your choices.  Understand what is going on.  Things can effect you in ways that you cannot predict.  Just make sure you play this game 100%.  Don't have netflix running or music going.  This game has already got a beast soundtrack as it is."
,Recommended,319630,24471718,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jdrew,This game does an interactive story better then tell-tale and they specialize in that genre! Really hope more games like this will be made.
76561198091019640,Recommended,319630,18621303,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Äzariah,"User reviews:	Overwhelmingly Positive (23,831 reviews) Positive (23,150) Negative (681)Enough said... This game is love, this game is life.In all seriousness though,  as much as I enjoyed this game expierence, I am happy they ended it at 5 episodes."
,Recommended,319630,19304215,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Emilia,This action will have consequences...
,Recommended,319630,30208995,Posted: 26 February,all,Bluzo,Had to explain to my mom that the tissues on my desk were from this game not other things...
76561198079124583,Recommended,319630,24607956,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bioluminesence,"Possibly the best game I have ever played, and definitely the only one to ever move me to tears. Beautiful story telling, complex characters, engaging plot, and painterly graphics. I was also very excited to hear Amanda Palmer on the soundtrack."
,Recommended,319630,28162929,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hamoun76,"Have you ever played a game, where after you finish it, you are just left dumbfounded, depressed, and only think about the game and it's ending? Where, you can't do anything in real life for like, a week, because you're constantly thinking about the game? A game that is so immersive and atmospheric, that you actually feel a part of it, where you actually feel like you're the protagonist, and in her shoes, even if your genders may differ?!For me, Life Is Strange was that kind of game, and there aren't many games out there that can give me this feeling. A feeling where you crave for more, even though you know the story has been wrapped up and finished...As soon as you launch LiS, you'll know that it's a very immersive, atmospheric and ""artsy"" game. It has it's own style, and even though the textures and graphics won't be able to blow you away, the way that they are done (The textures are hand-painted), coupled with the most amazing effects I've seen in a while and an astonishing attention to detail, will surely satisfy any person. And again, the impact of the effects and environmental details cannot be understated, they're what gives this game a ""soul"". As soon as you enter the room of one of the main characters, you ACTUALLY feel like you're in the room of a real-world teenager with that specific personality, be it Max, who is a shy yet caring 19 year old girl with some social anxiety and self-esteem issues, or Chloe the rebel, who has just had enough of this town that she lives in after it took everything from her that she loved and cared about.And then there's the soundtrack. Music in a game can have a profound impact on setting the mood for the player or just making them enjoy their time in the game, and nothing is as satisfying as listening to a song played at the right time with the right lyrics. The soundtrack in this game is just amazing, They absolutely succeed in making you join the protagonist in their world and... and just get lost in it. I became a huge fan of Syd Matters just by listening to his soundtrack in this game.And then there's the actual gameplay. Here we have a typical episodic adventure game with a story rich world and choices that have consequences further down the storyline, but with a twist: the ability to go back in time. Now, some people say that it's just a fancy way of exploring different effects your choices have on the story, and it's essentially doing the same thing as making a save or checkpoint and then returning to it, like a quick-save/quick-load function.But I have to disagree, first of all, the main difference here is the protagonist is actually aware of this power, and by using it, she can see all the different outcomes and doubt her choices, question whether she made the right ones, and transfer the same doubt to the player. The other main difference is that this time travel feature becomes a huge part of the story and actually moves it forward, especially in the last two episodes but I'm not going to spoil anything here. The time manipulation feature can also be used to solve some puzzles, but they're not THAT complicated, and if you're patient enough, most of them can be completed without having to resort to using the internet, but don't get me wrong, they're not that easy.Although LiS is almost a completely perfect game in my mind, I think it does have it's faults... one of the main beefs I had with it was that it seemed that the developers had put much of their effort in a specific path, and it was somehow considered the ""main path"" and the other outcome wasn't as fleshed out story wise as the other part, although it seems that this won't matter since looking at the global stats for the game, approximately 80 percent of people followed said path and thus, would not have the same complaint I did. If you are really curious and have actually finished the game, then read the next part, If you haven't, then for the love god AVOID SPOILERS!***************************SPOILER!!*************I felt like the developers spent most of their time developing the story around the fact that Max's relationship with Chloe was romantic rather than platonic, and to be honest, it seemed kind of forced. Yes, you got the choice to kiss or don't kiss chloe and you could've done things to help/impress her (or not) but still, sometimes it was like we were being forced to believe that they were in love, even though in my eyes it seemed like they were the best of friends, especially up  until episode 3 and the kiss and romantic elements just felt too sudden and out of place for me. You could see what I mean if you checked her journal, where after not kissing her she will still comment about actually wanting to do it. Don't get me wrong, I love that they included this, and the story between them after this point was amazing, but it makes me sad that they didn't work that much on the relationship between  Max and Warren. At the end you do get the option to kiss him (if you made the right choices beforehand) but that's just about it.If you choose the ""look"" option on him again, which I think many people missed, Max will say very shyly that at least she kissed Warren to let him know how she feels, and to me that's a clear indication of love. I feel like they could've spent more time together, and if there were choices that we could make so that Max told Warren about his powers sooner and actually used his help and tagged along with him, it would've been awesome. But I see why they spent most of their time on Chloe, since they had to make the player care about her to make the final choice harder, but I still think it was hard even when they were best friends.************SPOILER END!!***************And you might hear some people say that , most of your choices would not matter, but I think that's wrong. Not only will your choices impact the kind of end you get if you make one of the choices, it's also about the experience you made Max go through. In a game that's about travelling past in time, you must expect some of the experiences the character has had with other people be ""erased"" when she goes before said experience. But the important thing is that it's still there, it's still with Max, and the player. They have experienced and they will remember it, even if they're the only people that will.Other than some small nitpicks here and there, I believe this game is a fantastic work of art, and considering the fact that the first episode is completely free now, you should definitely check it out.I promise, you will be hella impressed!!"
76561198081856026,Recommended,319630,29304367,Posted: 16 January,all,Jortan,Best experience I've had from a video game in a long time.I still get chills thinking about it...
76561198071094086,Recommended,319630,31610179,Posted: 7 May,all,BliZZ,"If a picture speaks a thousand words, then this game speaks a thousand pictures...This is hands down the most exciting, emotional, stressful, intense, and interesting stories I have ever experienced in a video game, if you can still call it that. If you're looking for something to really give you a roller coaster ride of twists and turns, or if you have some change to spare, this is the game to get. Trust me, you WILL NOT be dissapointed with your purchase. The only advice I can truely give you is to not search up any guides for choices to make for the game, doing so will ruin your experience.If I could rewind time and play this game right from the start, not knowing anything about what will happen, I would do it over and over again..."
,Recommended,319630,20081604,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,redi,"Truly a masterpeice... probably the best choice-consequence game, even going head to head with tell-tale. The story is genius and the characters are so realistic. This game deserves a 10/10 and is worth the money. An unforgettable experience from start to finish."
,Recommended,319630,17551897,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,Started playing this game as a random game to try. Didn't think it was my type of game. 7 hours later I was still playing to see the effects my choices had. Almost too good to stop playing.
,Recommended,319630,18359463,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,JackBennett,"absolutely phenomenal , by far one of my favorite games ive played in my life ! . after playing this every other game feels so dam boring :Pcannot explain the depth of this game in a review , buy it NOW ."
,Recommended,319630,19133146,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,mom,"Strange is a very mild term for the life of a photography student who realises she can turn time backwards by raising her hand. At no point, however, does she attempt to do other weird time stuff with other body parts. My immersion was ruined when I realised I could not thrust my head forwards dramatically to merge the universe with a parallel reality in which DONTNOD are called DONOD, which interestingly enough is still a palindrome."
76561198084816921,Recommended,319630,14305263,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,SimplisticPirate,"I'm not saying I'd suck the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the creator of such a phenomonal gameBut I'm not saying I wouldn't eitherThis game is obviously heavily influenced by Telltale but instead of just some silly second rate knock off this game is actually outstanding.From the characters to the strange power to the absolutely serene and beautiful soundtrack to the exposition to the... I'm just gonna stop there.I honestly enjoyed every second of this game and if I had to scour for any negatives it would be that the lip syncing is below par, though that's only a minor dent in what is otherwise an astounding game.There is no question, buy this game if you don't want to miss this glorious adventure."
,Recommended,319630,26108148,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,notsnoj,"This game is amazing, it really is! I'm not quite sure how to put this but it really shows how life can turn out to be (excluding the time manipulation.) I give it a 8/10!"
76561198076728503,Recommended,319630,28531488,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Brewski,"I'm not usually one for single player point and click style games, but I received enough recommendations for Life is Strange that I decided I should give it a try, and I was not dissappointed. Frankly, if all games in this genre told as good a story I'd play them more often.Having finished the game twice through, I'm finding it near impossible to post anything specific about the game without giving away major plot points.  So I'll just say that Story is what sells this game.  If you enjoy well crafted story games, you should definitly give LiS a try, especially as the first episode is free now.  If you enjoy episode 1, it only gets better from there."
76561198057708897,Recommended,319630,20244650,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Predator,"This is hands down one of the best and most emotional games I've ever played. Every time I started up an episode I was 100% immersed throughout. Max and Chloe are great characters that you will fall in love with and truly care about. And to tell you how emotional the game is I have never cried due to a videogame but this changed that. If your looking for a complex game with great characters and a great plot where everything you do matters I absolutely recommend this game, just be prepared to be emotionally scarred for life."
,Recommended,319630,19640062,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,AW,""" It has been said that something as small as the flutter of a butterfly'swing can ultimately cause a typhoon halfway around the world. ""- Chaos TheoryDo you believe in fate? The answer can be found here.Life is ♥♥♥♥ing ridacalous and so Strange ..My personal BioShock Infinite of AdventureTrue Indie Movie of video game industryDontnod were once in one step from closing .. and a year later they made their magnum opus, think about itNot ""Big Goty"" for all, butit is My Best Experience that i have received in 2015 from the video gamesp.s. LiS shows that the industry is still too young and not ready, it's deja vu."
76561197998101938,Recommended,319630,17458802,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,JordyBoothy,"The world is ending, but you still find yourself caring about the messages bullies write on some kid's dorm.You reverse time to undo an action that had undesireable consequences, while wondering if this is the real you.You look back through your diary, and think about how the trivialities of the past affected you as much as today's problems which are, always, much more serious.This game is set in the modern day, yet it makes you feel as sentimental as revisiting a childhood home, as is literally the case for the main character. It feels like a never ending sunset, thanks to the game's warm colour palette, gentle pacing, loveable characters, emotional themes and an overwhelming sense of humanity that will have you hungry for more.I both look forward to and dread the release of Episode 5. It'll be the end of something lovely, but I'll be a person who has had the pleasure of experiencing this wonderful game at the prime of its popularity. Discussing the choices you've made and basking in the community's creativity is all part of the journey.It's a testiment to the mass appeal this game has. Don't miss out!"
76561198059582461,Recommended,319630,17007679,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Its time for tea,Best game to ever come into my life. 10/10 will play many more hours
,Recommended,319630,28015527,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pear,"Finally got round to finishing this game without really putting any extra effort into exploration or 'achievement hunting' and the phrase 'judge a game on it's soundtrack' (which I've just coined) has never been more relevant.8.8/10In all seriousness though, this game is an emotionalvortex. It's fun, graphically pleasing and simply different. It's nice to see a different take on one of these Telltale-style games. The soundtrack is truly magnificent and compliments the game well. The characters (although maybe a bit cliché or cheesey) are quirky and superb in their own ways. The voice acting is top quality and emotion is broadcasted well throughout.I'd say the game is extremely replayble, I'm already considering playing some eps through again to get some missed achievements (which I'm not usually phased by) and the game even has some aspect of replayability within it during a single play-through (rewinding time and♥♥♥♥♥♥ ey? I guess?). The decision making you have to do along your 'journey' would be enough to keep anyone occupied for a good period of time. Put simply, it's tough. It's actually pretty sweet being able to find out and explore the consequences of each decision without having to play through a whole episode again (thanks time travel!).My personal favourite episode was the last one. A trippy, surreal experience.I'd be lying if I said this game wasn't heavy but bare in mind though it does still have a nice handful of lighthearted and/or joyful moments.I fully recommend this game if you're down for getting immersed in an intense and emotional lil' story. It's so worth it's full price. Snatch that♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Recommended,319630,20129672,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jero,"""2015 saw a lot of games that take women seriously like Life is Strange."" - Actual thing someone said.Okay, this is not going to be a joke review. I will actually try to talk seriously about this video game. Life is Strange is hilarious. It's an absolute cringefest. The story was written by some middleaged French men who have absolutely no idea how high school students talk. The studios last project, Remember Me, had some pretty bad dialogue, but this is a whole other level. The worst offendors I can think of are the word ""hella"" repeated over a thousand times, ""go ♥♥♥♥ yourselfie"", ""no mosh pit for you, shaka brah"" and pretty much any dumb internet meme you can find on reddit. The voice actors don't help a lot either. I can say that's pretty realistic, but unfortunately that doesn't make it a good game at all. I doubt anyone could make these lines sound natural anyway, but Ashly Burch and generic anime voice guy number 23653 probably are not the best creative choices. Not that improved dialogue and better actors would have made much of a difference as the story on its own is pretty bad. Let me make one thing clear. I understand that it's difficult to make a good story that has time travel in it. After all you need to make a consistent set of rules for it to work. One slip up and the whole thing can fall apart. The easiest way of avoiding this issue is to make it a fixed loop where you were always meant to travel through time meaning that nothing you do has any impact because you were meant to do it anyway. Unfortunately, they don't go this route. One day, our protagonist discovers out of nowwhere that she can travel through time. This is never explained. Of course, she starts using it to help loved ones and kind of fight crime? Much like a Telltale game, the story alters around the choices you make except they're even more cosmetic this time around. Couldn't they rip off their succesfull forula semi-competently? Half the time, you're hopping into alternate timelines and since you can't alter the story in any wayin those sections, it really serves no purpose other than to waste your time... or get you emotionally invested which I guess is what they were going for. The ending especially is such a slap in the face that it's almost hilarious. I get that these kinds of games are more about journey than the destination, but these characters are so dumb and cringe-worthy that you won't see me shedding any tears when the game reaches its ""heartbreaking"" conclusion or any moment of the game that was supposed to be a tearjerker really.Do I recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥ yes, it's hilarious. My final score is a selfie out of ten. This also has my official Jero's unofficial meaningless game of the year award. Congratulations, DONTNOD. You have done it again."
,Recommended,319630,18593951,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,boyfriend,"So here is a whole new review about the game Life Is Strange, since currently all five new episodes are out and I’ve already played them all. Well, I can’t say that my opinions will be perfectly unbiased considering how much I truly love this game.  PS: This will be my personal game of the year of 2015, which means I don’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if Fallout4 is some kind holy video game that sent down by gods.Let me start with that Life Is Strange is not for everyone. I’m obsessed with this game have a lot to do that fact that I’m currently 18 and have some common personality with one of the protagonists, Max Caulfield. Yes, by playing this game the players are going to encounter a lot of teenagers and what I would like to call “high school drama situations.” As that being said, if you are really into shooting people in the face then this game is not for you. Since the two main protagonists are all young female teenagers, the players might find the game a little bit girly. And no, this is not a video game about lesbians. Not that I’m homophobic or anything, it’s just that this has been one of the reasons that turn players off before they even give the game a try.The game is an indie puzzle game. The players play as Max, an 18 year-old high school student who discovered the power of rewind time and time travel through photos. After using the power to save her best friend Chloe Price, together they are going to find out what happened to the missing girl Rachel Amber who is also Chloe Price’s best friend. I’m not going to spoil anything, just going to give you guys a quick heads up that this game is not one of those oh-lets-beat-the-bad-guys-with-the-power-of-friendship-types of game. There are a lot of unexpected plot twists, and as for the plot, this is pretty much all I can tell you without ruining your own game experience.And I used the term “your own”, one of the features of the game is that you can make your own decisions.  Hate to say this, but its kind like what they did in Dragon Age and Mass Effect: Yeah…the players get to decide the fate of other characters, but it doesn’t really start to matter as the storyline moves along. There are only two decision that I remember are really significant throughout the game, since I can’t spoil it, you are going to find out yourself.The next two categories I’m going to talk about really depends on the players’ preferences. Those are characters and music.  Like l said before, Max is my own perfect reflection. If there is a video game character that can reflect my personalities, Maxine Caulfield will certainly be the one… Well, a female version of me I should say. Max is one of those kids you had in high school who doesn’t really stand out, you might even have already forgotten his/her name. The guy who is really quiet and just generally nice to others, doesn’t have a lot of friends but there are couple specific people he/she like to hangout with. Depends on the players, you might find the character I just described not likeable at all. Or you will like Chloe, who is a punk rebellion girl with blue hair. Or you will like Kate Marsh, a warmhearted Christian girl who gets bullied a lot in the school. I don’t know, you might find your own reflection from one of them. Dealing with different characters is all this game about, and trust me, when it comes to decision making, you are going to decide based on whether or not if you like he or she.Moving on to music. I personally just loved each single song that played in this game. But again, if you are not into this kind of hipster jam, then this game might not be for you. By the way, all the soundtracks can be found on YouTube, and I haven’t met anyone who played this game and disliked the music.Finally let’s get to the gameplay part. I don’t really have much to say about the gameplay since there is no combat involved. The game is half walking simulating half puzzle solving.  I found that puzzle solving becomes more difficult as the episodes goes, or I’m just being a moron as usual.And that’s it. I give this game 10/10. Will you love it like I do? I don’t know and I don’t care."
76561198035094759,Recommended,319630,15085283,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hoxton,"Yes, Cause you can rewind and make your own choices for the Past, Present, Future."
,Recommended,319630,17018139,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bruno Selvestrini,"I usually say that the soundtrack makes a great differenceI'm goddamn right again!Talking about the history, three words:MagicalSad SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD SADCatchy10/10 - IT'S A MAGISADCATCHLY GAME!"
,Recommended,319630,30041812,Posted: 19 February,all,MadLane,"Life is Strange, finally a game that is what games are suppose to be, not just action action done, instead a story that makes you feel and relate to it, makes you think, read and wanting to go on, what else can i say about it in few words, hummm, maybe i can say:-One of the 5 best games if not the BEST game you will ever play.-The Story, Characters, Narration, are so good, so ♥♥♥♥ing great that i even wonder if this is a game since games are not normally this good, real life problems and struggles from adults to teenagers, the game talks about sensitive matters like drugs, suicide, friendship,etc..-Soundtrack, scenery,shadows, lights, etc.. everything fits and blends so perfectly and artistically i have no words for how impressed i was.-Gameplay is great, so many little things for you to read, learn about the city, characters and the story, the time travel was nicely done.so that's it, already wrote to much, i played this game twice, yup 2 times, something so rare for me to do (only played 8 or 9 games twice) and i enjoyed it as much as i did the first time, this game is definetly a must play for everyone in the world, and i will never forget it (will problably play it again anyway :P)Thank you  DONTNOD Entertainmen for making such a great game :)"
,Recommended,319630,33250991,Posted: 4 July,all,TheGrumpyFox,"If you haven't yet... Get this game.. ! ASAP. Done? no? GET IT I SAID !It's one of the best tell tale game you will play. Your actions will change the course of the story and the ending as well. Make sure you replay to figure out what could have been different  ! The graphics are beautiful, the voice acting is nice, the game plays smoothly and you immerse yourself really fast in the story.I loved the game.. a lot ! I'm sure going to play the 2nd one. It moved me, made me cry, made me laugh ! An amazing gaming experience !All of my love for you LIS !"
,Recommended,319630,33243594,Posted: 4 July,all,SPARTACUS,"Well Life is Strange Devs..... i would like to thank Dontnod and Squarenix and anyone that was part of this game and the development of this game.... this game is amazing, a real work of art... this game has the whole package that many modern games don't have or lost... it Has an amazing story line, a great plot, great game play and the ability to change the game events in the future  based on what you do in your past, i wish more games were made on this concept as its a great idea and is a great change to the usual run and shoot... i experienced so many emotions during the game play of this game, from happiness, excitement, relaxation and sadness which was followed by the occasional throat lump.... this butterfly effect style game is truly an amazing game, i will defiantly recommend this game to fellow gamers, if there is ever another game from this title i will defiantly buy this game.. this is a change from the game scene i was looking for, thanks once again to the devs and publishers for making this game possible....**************************************************** Because 5 star ratings just isnt enough"
,Recommended,319630,18581722,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jimmy Jazz,Never have I had a game make me feel so much before.
,Recommended,319630,28516663,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,arbusto,Each player should play at least once game.It's a masterpiece.
76561197960947385,Recommended,319630,30072106,Posted: 20 February,all,Quick$hot,":tldr:Go out and buy this game and love, live, and cry. Seriously worth it.:/tldr:Two years ago, I thought ""this is just some hipster indie game bleh whatever."" Afterwards, I saw that they were giving out episode 1 for free. After I played it, boy was I wrong and I was hooked and wanted to continue... I ended up buying the game (while it was Square Enix sale). Each episode afterwards made me want to keep going!I just got done beating the game during the extended weekend (Thanks President's Day!) and here is what I got out of it:The game was well written. I have to give the creators props for being able to make me cry! This game had the ability to grab at different emotions throughout the episodes (happy, sad, angry, confused). Alot of content/characters can be relatable and the character development makes you care about the characters. The choices in the game made me nervous because I was not sure what was going to happen based on what I chose.In addition, the soundtrack matched every scene and gave it so much feeling and really captivated me. Currently on my playlist ^^.  Lastly, Max's power was a really cool technique!Thanks for the emotional ride and I hope to see Life is Strange Season 2 some day!10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,319630,28628446,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,8sianDude,"A movie-like game that provides you a great experience of how a well-written story based game can really be played out. The characters all have their different personalities and the background music is very pleasant to listen to. From my experience, this is a heartwarming and touching game with a rather unforseen plot twist. It doesn't take long to finish the whole game and the achievements are also quite easy to obtain. I highly recommend this masterpiece to anyone who's interersted in story-driven games.This is a gaming experience I'll never forget, an absolute 10/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,319630,28667735,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hitactiks,One of the best games I've ever played. The storyline makes you feel so attached to the characters and atmosphere. One of the games you must play!
,Recommended,319630,18579298,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Limatic,"This game had me ♥♥♥♥ed up.It ♥♥♥♥ed with my emotions heavy and I would say its my favourite episodic game tied with Telltale's TWD, prob even better. This game honestly caught me by surprise. It just came out of nowhere and I didnt really expect it to be good when I first played it. The game starts innocent at first but the story really hit me at around episode 2. Even though the endings are a little predictable, it was an incredible journey from beginning to end and I'm glad I got to experience it.If a season 2 of this game comes out with a new setting, characters, and story, I would be happy to play it.Edit: 10/10 still crying"
,Recommended,319630,15160660,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Malle,Thus game is so deep! and amazing! M and my friend held a LAN dedicated to this particular game! I actually crie playing the 2nd episode... Everybody should own this game!
,Recommended,319630,18798829,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,moya,"Gameplay, atmosphere, soundtracks, everything, jeez i loved everything about this game! Although, I wish the endings were more exciting. I can clearly say that endings didnt satisfy me at all. After all the actions and feelings i had, the possible endings were kinda pushy and shallow. Still worth it <3"
,Recommended,319630,32895296,Posted: 27 June,all,Firus!,SPOILER WARNING!It's one of the best games I have played in my life... It has a really great story that is filled with lots of emotion and will probably make you cry when it's over. It has elements of a Telltale Game in the choice system and I think Square Enix and Dontnod did it better then them. I highly recommend you buy this game especially if it is on sale.
,Recommended,319630,33194847,Posted: 3 July,all,asdfae,10/10
,Recommended,319630,33033157,Posted: 30 June,all,ᴍ ᴇ ɢ ᴜ ᴍ ɪ ❀,"I’m playing Life is Strange, the stunning episodic game from DONTNOD Entertainment. I think I knew I was going to love it from the opening credits, as the protagonist steps into her high school hallway, sighs momentarily, and drowns out the gossip and hubbub with exactly the right indie song. Her internal dialog runs over the smooth lyrics and burbling guitar as she makes her way through the flowing river of students.Back in the day, games were always about the gameplay. A game was good if it had fun combat or interesting mechanics. Gaming itself was still fresh and new, and the process of interacting with a computer and overcoming challenges was entertaining in its own right. Lately, though, that hasn’t been enough for me. A shooter where the plot only exists to keep you moving down the path towards the end of the game while both your gear and the enemies incrementally improve… it feels stale at this point. More and more, I’ve been moving towards games that skip the ‘action’ entirely in favor of the story.The central mechanic of Life is Strange is a key reason it works so well. Max, the hero, gains the ability to rewind time in short bursts. Most games would use this as a way to liven up a combat system or to create intricate puzzles to navigate, but in Life is Strange, you use it to make choices. Everyday, normal decisions, at first — should you raise your hand with the correct answer in class or not? You see people’s immediate reactions, and if you don’t like them, you can go back and pick another option. Once your choice is locked in, though, there’s no going back.This isn’t Fallout 4 — it soon becomes very clear that your choices have large and growing impacts on the world around you. Friendships and romances begin and end, lives are threatened, and you start to learn more about the characters, the world, and your powers. The ability to rewind time and change your choices leads to long moments of contemplation, exploring all of the options and carefully considering the ramifications, but other than your movement and the decisions, the game plays like an interactive movie. The perfectly selected indie rock soundtrack adds depth and feeling to the scenes and the voice acting is spot on. It takes place in a fictional town in Oregon, and it feels so much like the Pacific Northwest that it’s making me homesick.I’m only a few hours into the game, and I’ve already completely screwed everything up. I was trying to save someone, but I just couldn’t make it happen. All my decisions have come home to roost. The haunting sound of Jose Gonzalez’s Crosses plays in my ears as the results of my decisions play out on the screen. I’m powerless to stop it.It’s one of the few times a game has made me roll back in my chair and just sit, staring blankly at the screen and feeling the sick, sinking sensation of every poor choice I’ve made piling up on me, my good intentions useless in the face of what’s unfolding.And, suddenly, the game isn’t about the game anymore. I’m transported back through my own life, reliving my pivotal decisions: dropping out of college, moving to Costa Rica on a whim, moving to Japan on another. The branching path of the choices that have shaped my life has never been as apparent to me as it is right now. I’m not distraught because of what’s happening in the plot. I’m mourning for all the other versions of me that I’m not — the ones who bounced down a different path because of an offhand decision, a minor, momentary, careless impulse that sent them spiraling off in another direction. The ones who worked harder, the ones who took more chances, the ones who played it safer…I shake my head, jarring myself out of my reverie. I chase it away for good with the rest of the glass, the smooth burn searing my throat as I pull myself back into position, enthralled, gutted. All I can do is keep going.Written by :Ben Bagamery"
76561197965180048,Recommended,319630,20326410,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[GTribe] Dark13cloud,"Wow, this game is beautiful! Amazing and creative. You are missing out on a great adventure if you do not play this."
,Recommended,319630,14249631,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,kooldude_377,"I've never played any of the telltale games, nor any games of this style before, point and click, decision games not even Mass effect or Dragon age. But heck it came up in my steam feed and it's £3.99. I'm a sucker for hipsterish indie themes and holy cow it feels like I'm in the shoes of a highschool girl. I might actually play this through as the story feels rich and engaging, the graphics menu is impressive though the art style is.. different I guess. It feels like I'm a movie or novel right from the start.Story driven games like this is usally telltale's style but it's nice that square enix has put out something like this.I was even reading a review where someone  said ""It's heavy Rain meets tumblr"" and I gotta say. This has tumblr all over, from the social outcast character, to being a photographer and alternative music.Best £3.99 I've spent on a game outside my normal tastes."
,Recommended,319630,26301845,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,† snoıɔıʌ †,Best Tumblr simulator10/10
,Recommended,319630,29805140,Posted: 9 February,all,Eduuuh.idk,"We played hide and seek in waterfalls...I'm strange, I like strange things, but after all, life is strange, isn't it?Amei do fundo do meu coração. Não sei cara, parece que gosto de chorar. E como chorei.Lindo demais, não sei o que mais falar. Mais um dos meus jogos preferidos."
,Recommended,319630,18507317,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kliJent,"I want to play it again, again and again. I wish i could turn back time to the time I didnt know anything about it, and to start it again and discover everything from the begining.I have finished episode 5, i cried at the end. I make a big and great desitions. I will always have this game in my heart."
76561198043446747,Recommended,319630,15729765,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gråsäl,"This is basically a The Walking Dead that actually DOES let the player influence the story. The music fits excellently with the game, and the graphic style is amazing.What many seem to not understand is that the dialogue in the game is pretty much meant to be a parody of the way ""young people"" talk. Of course Dontnod understands that adolescents don't say ""epic fail"" in every other sentence, they are simply making fun of a stereotype. The dialogue, according to me, manages both to drive the story forward and to give the characters' lives some substance.The story, as well as the characters, are well thought of, with plausible dilemmas occurring throughout the game, well, at least apart from the pistol scene. The time rewinding ability gives a lot of interesting results too, obviously. As well as giving you a great feeling of relief at times."
,Recommended,319630,14265249,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Django,"The game is immensely immersive. You get super attached to the game and its characters. It didn't take long for me to indulge myself into the game and become lost. A beautiful and remarkbly gorgeous world. Another game I will have to add to my favourites list.Visually pleasing, and heart warming.A must play!"
,Recommended,319630,15807390,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,drool,Definitely one of the best games you can possibly get.
,Recommended,319630,29149780,Posted: 9 January,all,♔ Aryamehr ♔,"One of the best experiences you get from a game, if not the best. Can be life-changing. Amazing story and characters that make you think about for a long time. It's one of those games which you can't ever really forget about. Soundtrack rules, can't stop listening to them after finishing the game for a couple of times.You can see if it's your type of game or not by downloading episode 1 for free. What are you waiting for?!Also, don't read much about it before finishing it for the first time, watch out for spoilers.Easy 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,27850371,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Circuit Moon,"Ever wondered what it'd be like to have a flood in your eyes? Buy this game and find out XDIt's the best game I've ever played, hands down.Love the atmosphere, the bay, the bae and everything this game has to offer :')10/10 would cry again"
76561198018050090,Recommended,319630,24548113,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Philip,"Games, like films and books can really create a feeling of immersion and make us feel involved in their worlds. 'Dontnod' absolutely NAILED this with Life is Strange. One of the most captivating games I've ever played! I seriously felt like **** after playing it. Never before have I ever experienced anything like this. It rips your chest open, takes out your heart and throws it in a tumble dryer for 10-15 hours. Buy this game, seriously.10/10 Ian Malcolm approves"
,Recommended,319630,30043054,Posted: 19 February,all,Karolo,10/10 story
76561198046184992,Recommended,319630,33306401,Posted: 6 July,all,BadFeungShui,"This game is like a bottle of experimental anti-depressants. They should both come with a side-effects warning, and you should discontinue use if you have the sudden urge to scoop out your own eyeballs, replace them with Cadbury Creme Eggs, and then strangle yourself.That aside, there's some cool ideas on display.Life Is Strange is basically a point and click adventure game, only with an over-the-shoulder camera. It takes place at a private high school that looks and acts like a college, and is attended entirely by 18 year old seniors who look to be just reaching puberty. The story centers around Max, a girl who suddenly finds herself able to rewind time, and becomes involved in a murder-mystery.This paragraph is all crap available on the box blurb, let me get down to brass tacks.The time-rewinding thing is actually something I think is a really cool mechanic, and though this isn't the first time I've seen it in a game before, it's actually used in some very innovative ways for puzzle solving. Instead of the traditional inventory-based puzzles, most of the gameplay is centered around small scavenger hunts where the rewind mechanic is used to forsee events or reposition objects.For that alone, the game is worth playing, and I'd give it a recommendation.Is it the masterpiece that it appears to be based on the hype? Unfortunately, no. Brace yourself, and read on.I'm going to keep my complaints down to three, but consider them a cross-section of all the potential turn-offs the game has as a whole.First, let's talk Steam user tags.Life is Strange very proudly wears the ""Choices Matter"" tag. However, for all the branching paths of story and causality that sprawl over the game's runtime, one of the biggest themes the game puts forward by the end is that you kind of only have one really meaningful choice. Spoilers incoming.If you've ever seen ""The Butterfly Effect,"" the overall thrust is basically the same. Max can rip back and forth through history and tear space and time a dozen new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s trying to save one person's life, but it will destroy the entire city as a result. To explain itself, the story throws around numerous theoretical and pseudo-science terms in an effort to sound more sophisticated than it really is, but it's actually just trying to provoke the player emotionally. In this respect, the game itself is basically like a know-it-all teenager. It *is* its own target audience.The second tag this game probably doesn't deserve is ""Great Soundtrack."" This should probably say ""Appropriate Soundtrack."" The choice of ambient music mostly consists of modern grunge-esque ""indie"" soft rock, and it certainly helps to generate an atmosphere. But it's not the kind of soundtrack I'd listen to on its own. It's not ""Great.""The last warning I have to issue is that the acting in the first two episodes is pretty clumsy. The dialogue isn't great, either. It sort of feels like the characters are artificial teenagers.Overall, the game really does feel as though it's pandering to the angsty teen crowd, with its constant use of clumsy slang and stream of almost standard-issue high school movie characters. It's supposed to be yanking at our nostalgia-strings, getting us to sympathize with the characters for sharing our struggles, but the artificial ""teen movie"" feeling never really goes away until the final episode. It also means that most of the plot developments are extremely predictable, like the aforementioned spoilers, but also the motivations of nearly all of the characters of questionable trustworthiness.All in all, it's worth playing. But, the extreme reviews and awards that Life is Strange has received seem like overkill. You may want to go in prepared, so that it doesn't turn out to be a kick in the balls."
76561198129299123,Recommended,319630,18864171,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bader,يواد لعبه بنت حرررااام
,Recommended,319630,33371361,Posted: 8 July,all,Henrikas,"You are very likely coming in this game after playing (or at least knowing about) Tell Tale games, because they are of the same genre. Yet I think it is important to point out that genre is pretty much it. Everything, and I mean story-writing, the animations, the music, the characters are, when bunched up together, superior to that of the best works of Tell Tale.I personally think if you liked Tell Tale, you will love this. If you like appreciating the beauty of a game, if you like nice soundtracks and music, you will love this. If you like unique, relatable, vivid and lively characters you'll love this. This game depicts things beautifully even though at the very same time it takes place in our world, with its own dark, devastating, depressing problems, such as bullying, drug-abuse, kidnapping.I'm not going to get into the plot or anything. There's nothing to say about it, as everyone should experience that on their own, I believe. Just, if you want a game to bring out emotions out of you, I think this is a game that will succeed to do so. Even though I disliked it's ending a bit or the way some things turned out, it does not really matter. Because, in the end, I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. And there's definitely huge replay value in here."
,Recommended,319630,24804193,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,=-VaZ-=,"This game is so amazing and one of, if not the best, story driven games I've ever played. I did not expect it would end up having such a strong emotional impact on me. It was a pretty decent drama story at first, then it shifted into heavy topics that were deeply disturbing, heinous, bizarre, sad and bittersweet. Honestly, going back into games without stories and characters as well fleshed out as this feels pretty empty. The game plays like an interactive novel (WITH TIME TRAVEL) as the world comes to life around you, very immersive and shocking. The game builds up character storylines and mystery through 1-3 and pays off incredibly well by episode 4 as you go into full Sherlock mode. This is without even mentioning the game mechanics, which adds depth to the story, the puzzles, and Max's character. Max's empathy and kindness is without equal. Her personality makes you want to be a better person, to always make the right choices when helping those in need (depending on how you play her). Her friend Chloe livens up the adventure and pushes the story forward as you bond with her.In my opinion, the best games are those that make you forget your just playing a game and the characters in it seem like real people.character development and storyline is on pointsoundtrack is beyond amazing.the game will make you question yourself and the serious moral implications of all your choices in the past, present and futurethe voice actors are greatThe feels hit a breaking pointsupport these developers, they give telltale a run for their money.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,28598080,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tudoro369,"""I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS!!!!"""
,Recommended,319630,30360600,Posted: 6 March,all,KotObormotov,"I'm trying not to cry as i write this.""Life Is Strange"" packs the strong punch in the gut. It connects you with the characters in a special way: the more you play, the more alive they appear to you. And suddenly the game stops being about them - it becomes a prism through which you see yourself. It makes you lay yourself bare in front of you through choices you make. With every decision you discover, what a person you are. Some makes you proud of yourself, another makes you wonder what a horrible human you are. Cause for every action there is a reaction. For every choice you make, you face consequenses.I loved that game. It made me feel in charge of my life and at the same time, completely insecure about my future. It made me feel joy and sadness at the same time. It made me feel ALIVE. Life sure is strange. In a good way i hope."
76561198075802266,Recommended,319630,18852505,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Suponjiboburu,"No plot spoilers.While it isn't the ever-branching ""choose your own adventure"" that we were promised, this gamedoesdeliver quite an amazing story, which makes it worth the money on its own. The decisions you makedoimpact the rest of the game, but not in the way you might think. Each decision does not send you on a completely different trajectory, but it does reverberate through the rest of the story in a way that makes it feel like itdidimpact the arc.Audio in this game is superb. I would consider Ashley Burch's voice acting to be one of the best performances in recent memory. Even excluding her, there is really no bad voice acting in the game. It's all far above par. In fact, I'm fairly sure that there is no time that a background piece of dialog is ever repeated. The amount of detail that goes into the audio of this game isincredible. There is one example that comes to memory: a cell phone placed near a speaker makes the distinct clicking of radio wave interference. Combine that level of detail with the music choices and you're left with a nearly-perfect soundscape that immerses you completely.Visual and level design is great. As I stated earlier, each episode feels like a distinct piece of the story, even though many of the scenes occur in the same locations. Part of the reason why this is tolerable is because the world is so beautifully decorated. You can make your playthrough last twice as long if you ""look"" at every object (which cues the narrator to talk briefly about her thoughts on the object).All in all, if you're looking for a story that has hundreds of distinct branches, pass on this one.But,if you're looking for an incredible story that you get to dictate, I cannot recommend this title enough."
,Recommended,319630,29247952,Posted: 14 January,all,SuperSandro2000,This game is sick! Just play it you wont regrett it!
,Recommended,319630,19152915,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Clarf,"This game is a fantastic storytelling game. The characters are incredibly written and the story is well worth paying for because you'll remember it forever. Also, the replay value is high because there are multiple paths for the major choices. I know my play time isnt long, but I've played the full game on Xbox multiple times."
76561198011695827,Recommended,319630,19664375,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Netscape Navigator,"I've played alot of games, alot.None of them have made me think, feel, and have such an emotional response...ever.This is one of the greatest stories i've ever experienced.You don't play this game you live it."
,Recommended,319630,14262856,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,spamb0t,"Life is Strange Ep 1: Chrysalis is a sweet and mellow mix between Alan Wake, Veronica Mars, and the only good Ashton Kutcher movie.My review at ResPwnd:http://t.co/znkU3SfTeM"
,Recommended,319630,33066287,Posted: 30 June,all,DatDoddo,"TL;DR: Check bottom of review.---------------Do I recommend this game? Definitely. Life is Strange is like no other game that I've played in the past. It has a 'telltale games' vibe to it, but at the same manages to maintain its own style, and has its own way of being original.In this game, every choice you make matters. And I meanEVERYchoice. Throughout the game you must make choices, either through dialogue or through action, that will affect the game (in the same episode, or even later episodes). Most of the time you don't even know how important the choice you're making really is.The developers did an amazing job paying attention to details.Minor Spoiler:When you go far back in time for the first time, you have the option to draw something in the kitchen. Later on in that episode, when you travel back, the drawing is still there, but looks older.I spent a good amount of time exploring the maps before continuing with the story, and it was great. I personally love exploration, and this game gives you some.The voice acting is outstanding. They sound really convincing, and occasionally you get so immersed that you even forget that you're playing a game. I really felt connected to them, and this is one of the few games that ever made me feel emotionally attached to it. Whenever something tragic happened, my jaw dropped. Whenever something good happened, I smiled, and so on.The soundtrack is absolutely amazing. The developers really excelled at setting the scene atmospheres with the soundtrack. It's also the type of music that many would listen to even when they're not playing the game. Also I love the game's humor. It didn't feel forced, and actually made me laugh at times.Needless to say, the game has different endings depending on what choices you make. I'm only aware of two possible endings, and the one that I chose really gave me the feels. I felt like someone was cutting onions next to me.MAJOR SPOILER:I personally chose the ending in which you save Chloe, and sacrifice the town, and I was satisfied with it. I feel like Max really bonded with Chloe, and sacrificing her would've ruined it all.Replayability is great, as you can always replay the game and try out all the other choices you could've picked. So this game is worth plenty of hours if played to the fullest.Character progression is great, and very noticable. You get to see Max evolve from a shy girl that doesn't really have friends, to a young, brave and mostly wise woman that's all about helping others. Throughout the game you also notice Max and Chloe's bond strengthening, and they remain best friends despite the fact that they haven't seen each other in 5 years.I came in the game with no expectations, having heard nothing about this game before. I didn't know what to expect. The story really surprised me. It was great, I absolutely loved it. There were certain twists which I won't mention in this review, but for those of you coming in without knowing what to expect; you'll be surprised.I don't have the most powerful laptop, but on low settings I achieved playable fps throughout the game. Sometimes dipping into 15 fps, however I usually had above 30 fps constant. And even though my game was on low settings, the graphics still looked amazing, especially the lighting.---------------TL;DR:An outstanding game. Amazing voice acting, soundtrack, story, graphics and more. I give it a 9.5/10. While not without its flaws, this game is a must-have. It's more than a game - it's an experience. I got it on sale, but I think it's worth the full price.---------------Sorry if the review is all over the place, I just wanted to type this right after finishing the game, and I don't usually write reviews. Hopefully it was understandable though, and hopefully I convinced someone to buy this excellent game."
,Recommended,319630,32507110,Posted: 17 June,all,Humanzee,"Definitely one of the best, if not THE best choices-matter game. The drama is fantastic, the outcome of your choices is just amazing, the whole story is on par with a well writen love/drama movie or TV series. If you love a good story, some mind fu*k and choices then this game is for you.Here are some of the things you can do:- Rewind time- Make important game changing choices with chainreactions- Interact with objects and people.- Take photos in-game and earn achievementsOverall, a really great story driven game, with amazing voice acting and mind-shattering puzzles and dilemmas. Very existential-based and brings up some fantastic philosophical questions about life, time, love and choices."
76561198074781650,Recommended,319630,19125996,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Square Horse,Spanish Sahara made me cry like a baby.
,Recommended,319630,19136425,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Gelrant,"Hits you right in the feels.I'm not crying, there is something in my eye."
,Recommended,319630,20203885,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cereal Killer,11/10 would rewind and play it again...
76561198088068539,Recommended,319630,18884569,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Brain Raider,"10 outta 101. I believe some of the guys who made this game have had real time travel experience.2. I love Kate Marsh, saving her was the greatest part of playing this game.3. Destroying the AB is the true ending."
,Recommended,319630,19143447,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Vinyl,I've played a lot of games in my years. Half-Life. Halo. Call of Dooty. GTA. Hotline Miami. TF2. Hundreds of games. This game is in my top 5.PROS-EverythingCONS-No sequal yet :(
,Recommended,319630,19222487,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ilyari,"Life is Strange made me feel relaxed, made me feel happy, made me understand friendship.NO EMOJI!"
,Recommended,319630,35060551,Posted: 19 September,all,AnimefanDK,"If this game is on sale and  you think about buying it?DON'T!Wait until the sale is over and get it for full price.The story, the atmosphere, the characters, the music, it's simplyTHATamazing!"
,Recommended,319630,29471337,Posted: 24 January,all,Frosty,best game i`ve ever played. its up to you to choose the right decision.10 / 10
,Recommended,319630,19304938,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Satoru,"Long Review: This game is many in one, for one it is beautifully crafted, for the environment is so beautiful and amazing, and the voice acting is very good, I did not cringe towards any of the voices and felt they fitted the characters very well, and the character design is nice, each major person is distinct, but many of the filler characters have many resemblances, but that isn't too bad because they aren't completely the same. Also, the story is slow at first, but once you get to Episode 3, it draws you in, keeping you more interested, and Episode 1 and 2 are more of tutorials, where they show you functions in the game, one being learnt very early on which is using dialogue heard once, going back, and saying it to them. Now would be a good time to pick it up since all Five episodes are out and playable, and throughout my play, I hadn't encountered any glitches so Dontnod has that safe for me :D:. Another thing, this is a warning, the game touches many soft subjects, for examples constant bullying, and don't pick it up if you are a person who either dislikes anything involving that, getting affended, or has experience with it and feels as if it will bring bad memories.One amazing thing about it is the soundtrack, after each great indie song I heard, I looked it up, found the artist, listen to their songs, and enjoy all the music, the people in charge of music choice did such an amazing job in picking songs, props to them :LIS_flower:. Now I would support watching videos on it to see if it is your thing, but I would NOT support watching any videos past 2, at most, because all after that is way better going through blind. Finally, the game contains both straight and gay/lesbian kissing, so if one is against that, they may not like it, but it is optional for both so you can avoid it if wanted.Short Review: You like time travel, eh? You like TellTale Game choices, eh? You like School settings, eh? You like a rebelious teen, eh? You like photography and easy to hunt collectables, eh? And you like amazing Indie Music, eh?-  I believe this game would be for you :Neko::LIS_butterfly:"
,Recommended,319630,26594033,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Cute Stuff,"The game taught me a lot about life, about choices we make and their consequences.It taught me to be careful and think twice before I do something.I recommend the game and I recommend taking it seriously while you playing, because you can only learn from that :)"
,Recommended,319630,24622487,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Exromi,"Life is Strange - ""The Butterfly Effect"" Fiction novel.Melodramma impregnated with melancholy, sadness and teenage experiences, dilute it all lesbian motives and complexity of world order under the teen nonsense ""time management.""The game is very colorful in bright pink. One of the few that perfectly conveys the atmosphere of the school. If you are a sensitive person, loving unexpected turns in the plot, the game is for you. It raises all the important issues of adolescent psychology, tied to social acceptance, status in the environment, escapism, day-dreams about the future.My score 8.5/10."
76561198169785842,Recommended,319630,35161838,Posted: 23 September,all,Red31,"A very great game. This game is very coinciding with the life of the present circumstances. Also,I can feel all the feelings through this game especially the last part ..."
,Recommended,319630,19631948,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,松岡 凛,"This game. I can't even explain how great this game is. It has all the elements I love. It feels like you're directing your own movie, and playing a detective at the same time. It has a great story to get involved with, and just when you think you've got it all figured out, the plot twist awaits. 10/10 would recommend.Chloe: ""Max Caufield, don't you forget about me.""Max: ""Never."""
,Recommended,319630,19280923,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SaltyDude,"It took me forever to finally play Life is Strange, but man I'm glad I did. I can say that this is my personal pick for Game of the Year 2015. I avoided every YouTube videos to prevent spoilers, so I walked in absolutely not knowing what to expect. This will be a short and unorganized review (because I suck at writing reviews) and I'll try to keep it spoiler free.First things first, I gotta get it outta the way. I absolutely love the artistic style of this game. As a person who loves art and knows a little bit about photography it's great to see the amazing shots during the cutscenes and the game's use of depth of field. Every photo that you look at are beautifully hand painted. The game overall is just gorgeous to look at.The beginning ofEpisode 1started off pretty slow, but that's to be pretty much expected, so that wasn't a big deal. I was being introduced to a majority of the main characters. A couple of minutes in and I already like the main character. First thing that I do notice and like is how well the game puts the player in this school atmosphere. I felt like I was a part of the class.Episode 2: Probably my favorite episode and most hated episode overall, probably due to it being mostly about my favorite character in the game. I have never felt so nervous and tense in a while from a video game. But I'm happy with the result that I received. So, why do I also hate this episode? ♥♥♥♥ the bottle sequence! That part was tedious, stupid and it took me forever to find all of them.Episode 3: I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS! But seriously, don't mess with Frank and his beans. I was pretty mixed on this episode. But of course, the ending got me again. Man... ♥♥♥♥ rewind powers.Episode 4: I ♥♥♥♥ing knew it! God, I never been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at a character before in my life. I legit wanted to strangle the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta the jackass dude when I found those pictures of my favorite character. But aside from my anger at the series of events... Great episode! The beginning made me shed a tear.Episode 5: ♥♥♥♥... (Sorry, not much can be said, you just have to play for yourselves)My overall feelings towards the game. I absolutely loved it! Normally I don't like time traveling because that topic is always complicated as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I felt like the rewind mechanic was great. You telling me I get to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ spill your food and beer, rewind and pretend I didn't do any of that? Awesome, sign me up! But it's also interesting that I can always take back the previous choice that I've made. That alone made me really overthink my decisions. ""Do I want this? But maybe this would be better in the future..."" I literally spent 10 minutes thinking to myself over the final choice. Also, another thing I loved is the fact that the game DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥ING RUSH ME TO MAKE A CHOICE. ♥♥♥♥ off Telltale, how can I make an important decision that matters in less than 5 second?Now, I've played the Telltale games, I loved The Walking Dead (season 1) and The Wolf Amoung Us. But I absolutely hate The Game of Thrones. TWD season 2 while was decent, it got stale... Real stale. I didn't play Tales from the Borderlands, so I can't judge that game. But to me, Telltale games feels like they're becoming the Call of Duty of this interactive storytelling genre. They don't change a single thing to keep me engaged to the game. They also like to lie to you about saying how your choices matter. When was the last time any of your choices actually mattered?At least in Life is Strange, while some decisions are pretty minor, most actually do have an affect towards how certain characters react and respond to you.As for the ending of Life is Strange. I cried like a little baby, no lie. This was the hardest decision for me to make. While it was a predictable ending, I saw it coming. I still wasn't prepared for it. Something I don't understand is why people complain about the ending. I personally thought that it was well made. Sometimes in life, there are things that aren't meant to be changed. No matter how much you try. No matter how much you take things back... You simply cannot escape destiny. I feel like that's what the game's message is.Okay so since I tried my best to prevent spoilers. Would I recommend this? ""Hella yeah!"" Get this ♥♥♥♥ing game now, play it! Make friends, make enemies. Play as the best fictional hipster girl ever made. Make stupid life decisions. Go ape! Ape ape ape!MASSIVE SPOILERS here regarding the ending that I chose, I just have to let this out because it hurts.Chloe, there was only so many times I could save you from death.I can't keep rewinding time or even create a different reality only to cause another natural disaster for this town and the next.Now, I loved and cared this girl to no end, she really was like a real best friend. She was extremely impulsive, ♥♥♥♥♥y, a real trouble maker, I could go on. But she showed me nothing but her loyalty and love. All of these things are what made her who she was. I would never change anything about her.All of the laughs we shared, the fights we had, it pains me to know that you won't remember any of it.You were never alone in this world, Chloe. I was and will always be there for you.Well, it's time to say my goodbyes. Rachel's waiting for you, Chloe. I'll see you later.Rest In Peace..."
,Recommended,319630,19315267,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,inci,11 teardrops/10
76561197963177254,Recommended,319630,19317214,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ron,"Probably the best point-and-click puzzle/adventure game of the last decade.Don't play it unless you're an unfeeling sociopath, though."
,Recommended,319630,19627799,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Fridgecrisis,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Be warned. This game is not afraid to mess you up. It's bleak. It's terrifying. It's raw. And it WILL hurt you.But it's also a perfect example of how powerful interactive storyteling can be.So grab your tissues and maybe don't play episode 5 alone at night.
,Recommended,319630,19824238,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MarkiPoli,A beautiful gameMax and Chloe will make you cryBest game of the yaer
76561198098194729,Recommended,319630,19859815,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lyle Van de Groot,"Wow, this game is amazing! I’ve played a few similar choose your own adventure styled stories from Telltale Games but this goes a step further in character development, soundtrack, plot twists, attention to detail, pop culture references, story and overall quality. The game deals with real world problems and dark themes but it also has a lot of heart and can be pleasantly funny at times.Each episode offers something different than the last. Throughout the five episodes you really get attached and find yourself relating to some of these characters. A very unique feature that makes Life Is Strange so diverse is that the main protagonist is a time traveler. This enables you to unlock more dialog with characters, do puzzles and lets you watch a choice, play through, then giving you the option to watch the other outcome. You get really use to the idea of time travel and it’s the main focal point of the story. It’s an emotional roller-coaster that really makes you stop to think over every major decision thrown at you. I was actually surprised as to how long the full game was. Granted I had made sure I had looked at everything, talked with everyone and read all the journal entries and texts but I had gotten 21 hours out of it.This game isn’t perfect; it has its flaws like most games. I found that there was a lack of explanation towards some minor and major plot points that weren’t resolved by the end of the game as if it was swept under the rug in final development. There was also a rather predictable ending that kind of felt unsatisfying. With the final two choice’s, one feeling rather bias in terms of development, length, thought and attention put towards it while the other was rather short and fell flat.In summary this game may not be for everyone but for those who enjoyed Telltale’s games or had been thinking about buying this, I’d highly recommend it.P.S Don't get between Frank and his beans!"
,Recommended,319630,25119334,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Raven Dumron,"There are a lot of great episodic games out there, but this one is truly remarkable. While the gameplay is limited, having the ability to rewind through time is fun, and I find that this stripped down gameplay makes it easier to focus on the real selling point of this game: its story.It's not even that the story is grand or epic. On the contrary, it is intimistic and personal; but because it is carried by good writing and touching characters, it is easy to care about it, and to be completely involved in its twist and turns. Fans of story and character-driven stories, look no more, this game is the next thing you want to be playing."
,Recommended,319630,27352648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kon_The_Rad,I don't think I've ever cared so much about a fictional character. Didn't cry at all at the end. I promise.
,Recommended,319630,29848753,Posted: 11 February,all,[BCS]Yann,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This caught me by surprise.
,Recommended,319630,32453547,Posted: 15 June,all,🎃Bad Dream🎃,"how should I explain this game? I'll go with what I usually say with this sort of thing. it's not a game, it's an experience. you don't JUST play this game you feel the emotion the adreneline every tiny emotion that rushes through the character's body you feel it too just don't make a bad choice and move on"
,Recommended,319630,18725681,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,4Keyman,"Probably one of the best story games ever. You play as Max, a young photographer who returns to her hometown to attend art school. One day in class you have a vision and events unfold.+Great atmosphere, from the music to the graphic style, you can lose yourself in this world.+Your choices matter and can impact a lot of things later on in the game.+This Story. You feel really attached to the characters and all the events in this game.-You can notice the limitations of the game engine.-Some frustrating parts of the gameplay (e.g. you want to change your last choice and need to redo whole conversations and cut scenes).Worth every cent, probably even more. Buy this game to support the amazing developers.WARNING: Your feels will hurt....A LOT"
,Recommended,319630,18869643,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Praetor Lunaire,"It's TIME to talk about this TIME-travel mystery where everyone is running out of TIME because of the TIME shenanigans two teenages do while they're having a good TIME with each other playing with the TIME powers. They love each other and are partners in TIME no matter what happens, even if there are TIMES they will have to deal with some♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is basically ALL THE TIME.I rate it TIME out of 10, would go back in TIME again."
76561198079452391,Recommended,319630,18924770,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Skaði,"Things I got out of Life is Strange:1)	Don’t mess around with time; it’ll eventually catch up with you.2)	Why bother with karma when you can start a butterfly effect?3)	You can’t save everyone, you just can’t.4)	Don’t be so quick to judge; not everyone is what they seem.5)	Listen in class, especially if it’s a photography class involving a seemingly charming teacher.6)	Selfies can save lives… or destroy them… literally.7)	For every choice you make, there’s a “price” to pay (pun very much intended).8)	I have never questioned my sexuality as much as I did while playing this game.9)	Bae over Bay? The struggle between selfishness and selflessness. It didn’t seem like a hard choice... until now.10)	“I'd rather have a life of 'Oh wells' than a life of 'What ifs'.”This game was hella amazeballs. Next stop: Life is 2 Strange. Anyone? Please?"
,Recommended,319630,19112734,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Jumpman Jawsh,"Beautiful, immersive, shocking, and clever. This has been one of the most memorable games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,319630,19165891,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DanMor,"This is simply the best game i have ever played in my entire life, just by the history of the game. I'm sure that if you play this you'll never be the same person that you are.I love this game, and i know that you guys will love it too.Thanks for that experience, this game just don't have a price."
,Recommended,319630,19272360,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Latte in Distress,"I don't think I will EVER experience a first-time playthrough of a game like I did with Life Is Strange. Even if I had the power to rewind time, there is nothing more beautiful than playing through this for the first time. This game felt like I was getting on a big♥♥♥♥♥rollercoaster, then in the middle of it I fell out of my seat and into the seat of ANOTHER rollercoaster. I've come to love the characters in this game as if they were my own friends. I cried, laughed, and raged with them. I can't wait for Season 2."
76561198025146519,Recommended,319630,19287633,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,maddogg2216,"Very few games draw me in and immerse me enough to engage me on an emotional level. This game achieved this in spades. During my game I was drawn in to the point of being unaware of things going on around me, when I was playing I was in the game I was Max and I reacted as Max.I unravaled a mystery written for the best noir detectives and left to a high school girl with time travel powers. None of which feels at all out of place, it's just another seed in the mystery.I can't recommend this game enough, when Max felt pain, felt loss I felt it right along with her. When there was a victory I swelled with pride and when there was danger I was worried even if I could turn back time there was the possibility I wasn't going to be able to or wouldn't be fast enough.10/10 - might be my game of the year."
,Recommended,319630,19343379,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Prumens,"Best Global Warming Simulator EverSeriously though, Life is Strange is one of the best adventure games that is out there. As you come to expect, it's a game that starts in a rather average pacing, yet achieves to grapple your attention with the first episode. It bears the micro-physics of an every day adventure game, yet the character development, climactic turnabouts, and the choices that will leave you in a hiatus, and make you stare at the screen hopelessly, are well-put. This is an important game that will be remembered as a milestone in the gaming industry. It's good to see that Dontnod's efforts finally put forth fruit."
,Recommended,319630,19719658,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Daryl Dixon's Wife,"I cried my eyes out :DAmazing soundtrack, can't stop listening to it :)Best game I played this year."
,Recommended,319630,19814649,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,benjo,"I just played the first episode, and it was amazing. I really enjoyed looking at all the stuff and interact with everything and everyone. I'm super excited about the other episodes, what is happening and why and everything. So much questions!I also liked the statistics at the end. At first I was not comfortable with the impact of some of my decisions, but now it's really interesting how other people decide in these situations.I can't wait to play the other episodes and will hopefully update my review afterwards! :)"
,Recommended,319630,19122639,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ChrEW,Mindblowing story that really makes you think!Life is all about choices and consequences!
,Recommended,319630,19160487,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SingleFemaleLawyer,"Life is Strange has one of the most compelling stories I've seen in a video game for a long time, and the mechanic of time travel is such an unusual, yet seamless feature that really brings the story to life.Characters are well fleshy, and the voice-acting is top-notch; even if the lip-sync can be a bit off at times.Dialogue can get camp at times, and the slang can be grating; but overall it brings a charm and suits the game well.The atmosphere of the game is incredibly immersive, the feel of small-town charm mixes effortlessly with the indie soundtrack; the perfect compliment to the autumnal visuals that make up Arcadia Bay.You really feel your choices and their weight in this story, even when the story gets heavy; just don't go into this game expecting everything to be wrapped up in a neat little bow - there is a definite sense of ambiguity, and whether or not that's a dealbreaker is up to you."
,Recommended,319630,19583697,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,IANVARIVS PHILIPPVS,"Not a single game that I played in my whole life made my eyes ever so watery until I played this game.It affected me so much. From one very small deed, it can cause major changes in one's life.Life is indeed strange.I applaud the team behind this wonderful game. I'm glad that it was money well spent."
,Recommended,319630,25139863,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BotJohn | not a rap god,"Life Is Strange is a game that at first glance appears to be a typical high school drama, but it really is so much more. Even if you don't like telltale-style games, you can still love it.This game has an amazing story, artistic graphic design, and soundtrack. And unlike most story-rich games, it has gameplay that is innovative and actually adds to the story quite a bit. Go and download Episode 1 at the very least, and play through it. You'll probably love it, and it'll take an hour of your time. I personally didn't enjoy Telltale games like TWD too much despite liking the show, but Life is Strange is my favorite game of all time. I'll be providing a detailed version below of the pros and cons of Life is Strange.Story10/10The story is one of the strongest selling points of Life is Strange. It starts off a little cliche with the wholetime travel idea, but it gets very emotional soon after. The story is well-written with lots of great characters, and the main character, Max, is easy to relate to. I had the story spoiled for me, and while I regret it, I still loved the game. The game is also enjoyable no matter your race, gender, age, or personality. The ending will most likely make you cry and feel empty inside, but this just makes the game more enjoyable because it hits you hard in the feels, at least in my opinion.+ Well-written+ Great characters+ Main character is relatable.+ Enjoyable no matter your race, gender, age, or personality+ Very emotional~ I've heard that the dialogue doesn't really sound like it's 18 year-old girls speaking, but given that I don't happen to be a teenage girl, I can't provide input on this.Graphics/Artistic Design8.5/10The artistic design is very unique, and the photography composition in the cutscenes had me constantly taking screenshots as a photographer. The game is very beautiful despite not looking Crysis-level realistic, and this definitely adds to the game. It's also very easy to run on potato computers, and you'll probably be able to max it out at 1080p60 or come close with outdated gaming hardware. (900p45 on DOOM and 1080p60 in almost every scene in Life is Strange with everything but texture filtering maxed out for me) The only issue which loses 5% is that the lip-syncing is pretty bad.+ Unique and beautiful artistic design+ Photography composition rules are followed very nicely+ Game is very easy to run on potato PCs or come close to maxing out at 1080p60 on outdated gaming hardware~ Realistic but not Crysis or The Witcher level realistic- Lip-syncing is awfulSoundtrack10/10The soundtrack is very emotional, and it really adds to the game like the graphics do. It's unique, better than any other game soundtrack I've heard, and it introduced me to an entire new genre of music. (Indie folk) The songs are absolutely amazing and from many different small artists in the genre of indie folk.+ Very emotional+ Amazing soundtrack from many different artists+ An excellent but not very well known genre of musicGameplay9/10The gameplay is innovative and really adds to the story. It's a bit boring at times with a couple of ""Go find this"" moments, but other than that, there's a mechanic I won't spoil which really adds to the game and the genre as a whole.+ Innovative, unique gameplay+ Mechanic adds to the story- A couple of ""go find 5 of these"" momentsConclusionOverall: 9.5/10Life is Strange is the best game I've ever played and one of the best games on the Steam store and of all time in my opinion. It has a couple of very minor cons, but it comes as close to perfect as a game will. It may only be 15-20 hours of gameplay, but for $20 (I got it during the summer sale for 10), it's definitely worth every penny and probably double that. A good movie, for example, isn't interactive, costs $8-10+ for a DVD/Blu-Ray, and gives you 1.5-3 hours of entertainment. For twice the money or equal during the sale, you get a better and much longer experience. Please, go and try the free first episode, and if you like it, don't pirate it. Give the devs their much-deserved money and buy an amazing game which after beating, you'll want to share with your friends and family."
,Recommended,319630,25874973,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Hachiman,THERE IS NO GOOD ENDINGonly tears
,Recommended,319630,26888751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,𝓼𝓽𝓪𝓬𝓴,"I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"
,Recommended,319630,35218427,Posted: 26 September,all,SushiBoy,Simply a BEAUTIFUL game! would love to have more games simillar to this kind of story and characters!
,Recommended,319630,28009304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Deville,Really a great storyline.
76561198121633810,Recommended,319630,32171853,Posted: 4 June,all,Skalar,A game like a book.The game offers not only a great story but also plausible characters.Thanks a lot for an experience like that and I am very looking for a LiS 2.
,Recommended,319630,20287705,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,3 face ✝a✝✝oos,"So far I've just played episode 1, and Life is Strange is hella awesomesause im hella cereal.+Story has some dramatic bits, but honestly I think it shouldn't. This game does such a good job at making ordinary things very interesting that I think it should have completely invested on that.+LiS has an artstyle/design philosophy that is charming and also beautiful.+Main gameplay mechanic fits very well into the game and doesn't feel gimicky at all+This game is extremely responsive running at really high refresh rates (I was doing 180Hz on a CRT) will actually make the game more enjoyable. Which is actually really weird because this game is pretty much just a lot of dialouge.+No FPS cap (Cutscenes are 30 FPS but they are pretty rare)+Good value-Some lines of dialouge are extremely stupid. There are lines and word choice that will probably make you cringe.-Chromatic abberation can be slightly annoying-No native support for aspect ratios other than 16:9 (ie 4:3, 21:9, 3x monitors)-Mouse smoothing in enabled by default and no option to turn it off ingameXReally good game basically no cons that I'd say are worth worrying about (except for the stupid dialouge that♥♥♥♥♥♥is annoying as duck). Also keep in mind most of the other cons I listed are actually fixable in the .ini file, I think there is a fix for aspect ratios."
,Recommended,319630,24918826,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,KennyT,"I dont even know how to put this after playing this game.....This is the best game I've ever played, I'm saying that it's the best not one of the best and I've probably played over 200 video games.This game is so emotional and the whole experience makes you feel like this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥real. I fell so deep my heart almost stop beating.I've actually played the pirated version before but I felt like I need to show appreciation to DONTNOD for making this such a fantastic game, so I bought this game just want to write this review, literally.But uh......your choices doesn't really mean much though.The only bad thing about this game is that almost all the choises we made throughout the game is kinda irrelevant with the endings.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,33184283,Posted: 3 July,all,ardecila,"This game hella surprised me when I finally sat down to play it. On the surface it looks like it might be agonisingly twee -Twin Peaks: High School Edition- formulated around the choice and consequence formula already stretched thin by Telltale games. Beneath the cliches however is an unusually earnest and heartfelt bildungsroman, one of imperfection and liminal charm characterising youth fiction, bolstered by phenomenal cinematography and environmental design specifically crafted to evoke nostalgia. At its core is a sensitive and thoughtful take at a complex friendship as both participants reconnect after years of absence, struggling with their own processes of self-discovery amidst the last embers of adolescence before the realities of adulthood taint the wide-eyed innocence of youth.I do want to dedicate a few words to criticism of its appropriation of youthspeak, because I don't think it is a failure; instead the falsity feels oddly right in the context of the game's thematic ideas. Not that the lingo sounds anything like the kind of vernacular I once uttered, but in hindsight one can observe such speech as 'playacting', carried by optimism, hope and searching for a place in the world much like the characters in the game initially. And so by 'failing' to sound genuine, the game interestingly manages to access a deeper truth about childhood, identity and the paradox of nostalgia, that is central to the narrative.That's what gets me, I think, this regret over the loss of youthful innocence and naivety, reminding people of who they once were but never being able to recreate those childhood moments again. Maybe that says more about me than the game.TL;DR:Mark Jefferson is hella woke"
,Recommended,319630,26017390,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Rostabal,Nice
76561198150109004,Recommended,319630,27369748,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(H4O)2+,"The end is beyond my expection, a wonderful frame of the story. but sth is imperfect, a lot of choose you have done didnt make any difference to the epitasis."
,Recommended,319630,29082180,Posted: 7 January,all,Jeff,"If I had the power, I would keep rewinding the time spent playing this game"
,Recommended,319630,33213140,Posted: 3 July,all,~hilu.,"Muy buena historia, podes interactuar con casi todos. Se me bugeo casi en el final, pero salvo esto, todo ok."
76561198171075429,Recommended,319630,26105187,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,plumsdeify,"Affecting. That's the word that comes to mind when I try to quantify what it felt like to put down the controller after playing all five episodes in every spare second of my time over the course of three days.Now, that *doesn't* mean ""best game ever"" by any means. There were definitely flaws and frustrations along the way, but as a whole? I was affected. Compelled. I couldn't stop thinking about it between plays, couldn't wait for the work day responsibilities to end so I could dive back in.It's hard to tell you why I found LIFE IS STRANGE to be so stirring. On the surface, it's not the most original story. The cast of high schooler and small town character archetypes is pretty traditional, as are their interwoven subplots. In tandem, the dialogue fits those people—generally dramatic and hyperbolic for the teens, and preachy for the adults—and I found myself laughing and groaning in equal measure. Despite a few twists and turns, everything leads to a pretty predictable place—which is a final choice that seems to disappointingly invalidate the course of your game, in my opinion.Yet, days later, I'm still caught up in that feeling that I've been through something. I'm not smart enough to articulate why—it's a wordless emotional pull. Call it that Square vibe, I guess. Like Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts, I didn't always love every minute, but the experience of playing affected me—made me feel the feels.Mechanically, I enjoyed rewinding time. I think it married perfectly to the branching dialogue system—there's (almost never) any pressure of a failure condition, so it really allows you to engage with the characters and choices in a way that gives you full agency to inform yourself. The puzzles were similarly pleasing, although I found myself wanting more of them. A few puzzles were independent of the rewind mechanic, which felt satisfying and appropriate for the frame in which they were presented.Maybe it's the overall atmosphere that did it for me. Arcadia Bay is a very believable northwestern American town with a mostly white population spread between the affluent, power-hungry upper class and the rest of the working class. I grew up in a town exactly like it. Artistically, the game emulated that experience perfectly, from the well-manicured sprawl of the private liberal arts high school to the small and slowly dying main strip in town, and the perimeter wilderness dotted with the typical teenager hangout spots. The soundtrack further honed that feeling of being a teenager amidst everyday small town life, with beautiful choices for the cinematic transitional moments between major events.Overall? A well-spent 17 hours and $20. If I woke up with time rewind powers one day, I would not undo the choice to play this game."
76561198128077129,Recommended,319630,29943981,Posted: 15 February,all,Bulldozer56,"Finished playing it last night (14.02.2017).Best story/decision based game I have ever played.I've seen both seasons of The Walking Dead game by TellTale Games,Uncharted,The Last of Us but nothing...NOTHİNG has been this touching.Life is Strange is truly a game that you will never forget wheather you played it as a teen or an adult.I just wish that this could be real."
76561198040854782,Recommended,319630,30366932,Posted: 6 March,all,Scabida,"I've just finished my second play-thru and, although a billion people have already commented, I feel compelled to say a few words myself.  Not everyone will love this game, and some will even mock it (loudly and repeatedly).  That is, unfortunately, the way of the world, especially online.  But I do believe the vast majority of human beings walking this earth are better than that, even if they don’t shout it from the rooftops.All are welcome, but this game is not for everyone.  However, if you consider yourself a reasonable person, if you have a human heart beating within your chest, or a sympathetic bone in your body--whether you're still in high school or decades beyond--you'll benefit from this game.  It is a science fiction based story, which I am a fan of in general, but it is so much more than that.  I want to tell my friends who don't play video games to make an exception in this case.  Because they won't regret it.The first episode, which is free if you want to take a look, introduces you to the mechanics of the game (nothing too complicated), and the ending to episode one makes you want to continue on, but it doesn't truly prepare you for the four episodes that follow.   Each, in its own way, is shocking and amazing and brilliant, one right after the other.I’ve played a few other story-based games, but this is the first to hold my interest.  Hell, it grabbed my by the heart and forced me onward.  So buy it all at once and gobble it up in one night, if that’s what you really want, or make it last, it's up to you.  Wait until it is on sale again, if you'd like...just don't let this one pass you by."
,Recommended,319630,18877677,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hookiedough,"9/10Pros:The concept for the game is amazing and belivable, like time travel, alternate realities and chaos theory.The game feels very ""realistic"", not graphic wise, but rather the story and how people talk and express their feelings.Voice acting in this game is amazing and especially Chloe and Max.The art style suits the game very well and makes it feel uniqe.The story here is amazing and the choices you make actually matter, both story and dialouge.The soundtrack is also amazing but it might depend on your taste of music.The dialouge is fantastic if you are a young adult/teenager with words like ""selfie"", ""lol"" and emojis.Cons:If you are a grown up serious adult and dont like games that ♥♥♥♥ around with weed and other♥♥♥♥♥♥you may find this game awkard and inmature. although i loved it :DThe graphics needs more detail, like fingernails and some objects :PWhen i played trough the game i experienced a lot of audio glitches and terrible lipsync.Not enough side character development (accept from Cloe).Personally i think this is my Game of the year 2015, because the story is amazing and touching, especially if you are a young person like me, which makes the characters easier to understand.  I cried and Laughed on this epic journey and i wish it never ended. Episode 2 and 3 had the best athmosphare however the prot twist in episode 4 was shocking. The game also has two endings, were one was boring and the other so sad i cried.PS:♥♥♥♥ u 60 year old haters :D"
,Recommended,319630,17437644,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,seerbot157,Haven't cared about characters this much since mass effect. amazing and immersive story - highly recommend 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18675749,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aroa Renau,1. Lie down2. Try not to cry3. Cry a lot:''''(
,Recommended,319630,17291417,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Joseph Bech,This game is masterpiece.  It always kept me intrigued and wanting to find out more about the world around me.  The soundtrack blends beautifully with the art style and the story feels like your own with all the choices you can make.  This game can easily give you 4 hours of gameplay per episode and is definitely worth the money.  The only downside I saw to the game is that the lip syncing isn't always the best but it's still phenomenal anyway.  I would definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,319630,17772001,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,i7moody009,The story is good and everything but sometime they just want to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off10/10 for de game
,Recommended,319630,18594404,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Slisca,Are those tomatoes...? Oh..no..they're...birds.....Best game ever.  Seriously everyone needs to play this game.
,Recommended,319630,15883115,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,B181,Join the adventure while Max turns herself to a lesbian.10/10
,Recommended,319630,17471605,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ibyss,"Engaging to the point of tears. Life is Strange will make you laugh and cry as you choose which is the best option in a wide array of situations in a greatly artistic and poetic world.Suggested by a friend ages ago, Life Is Strange really does capture you in a moment of innocence and optimism.Every choice you make, every decision you trust and every consequence really does create a great experience in this genre.Worth your time. 9/10."
76561198075214792,Recommended,319630,17346334,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,kingkiller351,"No matter how boring you may think this game is, episode 4 will change your opinion"
,Recommended,319630,30462295,Posted: 11 March,all,You Now Crave Tacos!,"I started Episode 1 and went through to the end of the game in one day. It's that good. The choices are difficult to make even with the benefit of rewinding time, and you really care about what happens to the characters."
,Recommended,319630,24898935,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ru_maniac,"This is the (second) best adventure I've played since Fahrenheit back in 2005. The only game capable of surpassing this true gem is Dreamfall Chapters and its finale.I can describe it only as ""Groundhog Day meets Fahrenheit meets Memento meets Butterfly Effect meets Timeshift"".As for the quality of Linux port, I can only say that this is one of the best ports I've seen so far. None problems whatsoever on LMDE with proprietary NVIDIA drivers, and it runs without a hitch on a derelict Phenom X4 955 b\w 2 gig GTX660 and 16 gigs of RAM."
76561198131653221,Recommended,319630,20212619,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Brovosi Water Dancer,"This is the most brilliant game I've ever played, yet it is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of them all.All aboard the feels train.░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▐▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░▀▀▀▀▀░░█░░▐▌░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░▐▌░█░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▄░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▐░░░░░▐▌▐▌░░░░░░░░░▐▀▀██▄░░░░░░▄▄▄░▐▌░█░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░▀▀██░▀▄░▐▌░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░░█░░▐▌░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░█░░░█░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░▄▀░░░▐▌░░░▐▌░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▀░▀░▀▀░░░▄▀░░░░▐▌░░▐▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░▌░▀▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░█░░░░░░█░░░▀░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▀░░░░░░░▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄"
,Recommended,319630,33139788,Posted: 2 July,all,spaneika,"No, you're crying! 5/5 polaroids."
,Recommended,319630,33140413,Posted: 2 July,all,Rangerlion1,just play it
,Recommended,319630,14478913,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BlaNeMistID,"I like Point & Click games like Telltale, this game was so perfect graphics and story's. I cant wait for next episode of Life Is Strange. Maybe, you have to make some difficult choices like Telltale. Also, make the graphics fastest for low end pc. Thx."
,Recommended,319630,32089570,Posted: 31 May,all,SimeoN,When i finished this game i felt nothing. But i felt everything!11/10
,Recommended,319630,17267791,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Reyy,first game made me cry andchanged my perspective of lifeTHIS GAME IS REALLY AMAZING!!!
76561198125011572,Recommended,319630,28789287,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Xray,"Defently worth it for an Indie Title , the storyline and the surroundings are well made and its great that it is made from a before not well known studio, because they are the few who still produce games with passion rather than just for profit. Defently worth buying."
76561198104569750,Recommended,319630,14716204,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JagJona,Amazing music and very much feels <3<3
,Recommended,319630,17034028,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Onon,"I've seen a lot of the story (ep 1-3) on YouTube. Ultimately I decided to get this masterpiece for myself. You can really tell the creators put their hearts into making this game as beautiful as it is. The artstyles, music and story (so far) are just perfect in every aspect. Maybe it's because the story setting is similar to real life ? Or maybe it's the awesome voice acting that makes you sit on the edge of your seat when you're about to make a major decision. Either way it makes a for a perfect game at a great value. I think I can say with ease that this is the best 20 euros I've spent on a videogame in the past few years."
76561198033472097,Recommended,319630,15561885,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Megamike,"At first I did not pay much attention, did not view any trailers and did not research anything on this game. I thought to myself: ""Okay, it's only 20 bucks for 5 episodes, could be fun, I mean I liked games like The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, might as well give this game a try.""So I bought this game and I'm so overwhelmed by greatness, I do love nearly everything about this game, the plot, the characters, the atmosphere, hell gosh the soundtrack!Even though the Lyp-Sync is way off and there are some visual bugs like floating items (Can be fixed with future patches and is not game breaking), it deserves better reviews and ratings and it is my best pick of 2015 so far. In fact the only reason why sites like IGN gave this game only a ""6.5/10"" is because this game has a very specific target audience, as for me, I'm totally one of the audience as someone who turned 18 this year and almost finished school.I am so hyped for episode 3 which will be released in may and I am talking non-stop about the previous 2 episodes so far, I spend so many hours on talking with my friends about this awesome game.We (My friends and I) tried to analyse the game and understand what makes this a great game but it is nearly impossible to say specific things.The most impressive thing so far is the freedom. Of course you have choices in ""The Walking Dead"" too, but these are represented through a short ""Pick this or this option"" for which the result also doesn't differ much. In Life is Strange every little choice is affecting something (so far at least) and while the game progresses you can interact with so many little things. Unlike in Telltale Games, you can explore the world and feel free, heck I spent hours and hours replaying scenes to watch every single detail. (The game has a collectible mode where you can easily replay scenes without affecting your actual plot progression!)Dontnod Entertainment really did a great job and for that price it's completely worth it. It deserves better ratings.TL:DR Worth it! Buy it! Play it! Discuss hours and hours with your friends."
,Recommended,319630,26210255,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,TurtleBoi,Well it started like this :)the middle was like this :Othe ending was D:
,Recommended,319630,18143906,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kiwi,Bought it for many friends after I enjoyed it.It's touching.
,Recommended,319630,19518741,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,One More Light,I wish I could rewind and play this game for the first time again.
76561198032151828,Recommended,319630,17835203,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ScoFu | Mixer.com,"I was really suprised by this game. It is really not my type of game at all, but after hearing people talk about it I decided to give it a try. I was pleasently suprised. I found it very relaxing but at the same time intriguing. Always wanting to know what happens next. I spaced it apart and played every so often as a YouTube series so there might have been more hype for me doing it that way as I didn't play it straight through. I recommend this game for its visuals, the strange feel to it and its pure creativity."
,Recommended,319630,14295866,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fayeluria,"When you like Story-Rich Games like The Walking Dead and a little everyday Life and Superpowers, this Game is for you.Its not, like some people think, really girly just because it appears like it.Can't wait for the next episode to come out.And this is the only negative thing i have to say about this: Like most good episodic games, you have to wait :/"
,Recommended,319630,18661356,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Noobzzzy,"The Feelz are off the chart, buy this for all of the dank Feelz."
,Recommended,319630,15936927,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Boilrig,"Excellent game, I've never thought so highly of a game, but I brought it, and it turned out to be great."
,Recommended,319630,18578584,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,orhusby,"Life Is Strange concludes with Episode 5: Polarized. Tough decisions has to be made to try to help Max with the on-goings in Arcadia Bay. Something's gotta give.At one point in episode 5 I felt like I was in Twin Peaks for a while. The plot would also fit well in Twin Peaks come to think of it.Feelings are running high, difficult decisions must be made.I recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,17412968,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,IridescenceCasts,"So. Life Certainly is strange.Life is Strange is the best game I have seen come from an Indi Dev in. Well ever. A game that isnt built up of action. But of Emotion and Story. This plays like a ""tell Tail"" game with its choice VS consequences system. But with the added bonus of being able to fix that poor choice or change of Heart. Will you be the ""Everyday Hero? Or the one that hides in shadows and Observes life from afar?Life is Strange portrays everyday teenage life very well. From Bullying to Teenage pregancy.This Game is Designed to aim for the Feels. And it wont miss. The bond between Choe and Max will tug at your heart strings. Then Rip the Heart out completely. Stomp on it. Then replace it. (Probs the wrong way or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ but if you get attached to a char. Be ready to shed a tear or 100000000 of them. Now that t he first Ep is free, you have no excuse to not at the least, give it A go"
76561198089103538,Recommended,319630,17343627,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lamont,"Life is Strange is an excellent example of what the genre can offer.TellTale, take heed: you have competition and they're producing a superior product at a similar price point."
76561198025922019,Recommended,319630,17258144,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,VMC_Bazza_08FXD,"I really wanted to write a great review, but this game is so good that I'm almost at a loss for words...You'll just have to get it to see for yourself!I have never had a game that has affected me in such a way emotionally, the story, music, scenery and characters are all so well put together you almost feel as if you're actually there sharing their lives.Top job DONTNOD Entertainment, for this I give you 100/100!"
,Recommended,319630,25702256,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,redflannelempath,Wonderfully sad story that is hauntingly beautiful. I have never experienced a game that has shaken me to the core like this game. I am truly greatful to DONTNOD for being able to experience Life is Strange.
76561198104039560,Recommended,319630,26137094,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,YOLOSwaggins209,Ep 1 - high school drama blah blahEp 2 - wait what?Ep 3 - HOLD ONEp 4 - NO ♥♥♥♥ THIS WHATEp 5 - HOOOLY ♥♥♥♥ GIVE ME A TISSUE NOW9/10
76561198143328738,Recommended,319630,28501539,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,iMajorOP,"""Before Rachel left, she said she met somebody who changed her life...then poof, like everybody in my life. My dad, you...and Rachel gone...can you put on some music now?"" I had to stop playing this game for a few months cause it was so good i couldn't get myself to finish it.. Then i started playing it again and finished it, and now i wish i had no memory of ever playing it so i could experience it for the first time again...﻿ ""I'm not crying, my eyes are just a lil sweaty today"" 10/10"
76561198095484368,Recommended,319630,16068480,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Frost,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!! I would tell you about the game but i dont want to spoil the game for you. I wish i could do that in real life WOULD BE SO COOL!!!! and ending for episode 3 is sad and makes me want to play episode 4 NOW!!!! please make the next episode ASAP!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,30781904,Posted: 27 March,all,Nomex,"Ваще супер, местами прямо до мурашек пробирает"
76561198081784201,Recommended,319630,18425283,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kaye'Li,"What can i say about Life is Strange?  Well, I went into this game with certain expectations, and I was blown away with the characters and story.  It's a rare gem of a game that can get you so emotionally invested in it's characters that you are thrilled and terrified about the final chapter.  Well written with real feeling characters, it may require a box of tissue or two and a few moments where you will need a break to compose yourself.  Can't reccomend this for everyone as it is beyond alot of people's ability to comprehend the deeper story, but if you're mature enough and have a basic understanding of how the world can be from the fringes this is for you.    I give it 12  ><)))*> out of a purrfect 10."
,Recommended,319630,18594838,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Silent Shade,"This game.....This game is something way more advanced out the ordinary for most games that we see and play today on other various consoles and online platforms such as steam.There are those of us who may commit our lives to gaming, and those who commit part-time towards it whilst focusing on our personal goals of life.Whether your a first person/third person shooter, or an RPG or even an indie game type of gamer, this game is like no ordinary from what you play or how much you play of it.From its emotional, cliffhanging story where you choices matter more than you expect than a telltale walking dead series or This War Is Mine. This game is putting yourself to the ultimate test to see what path in life you would take to saving those around you, or saving the ones you really, really care about.You will not be dissappointed when playing this game. Ever."
,Recommended,319630,14362071,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Quetz,"Pleasantly surprised with this game. Well worth your money, I'm really looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,319630,31882294,Posted: 21 May,all,Ayuri,"With the current 83 662 positive reviews on Steam, my opinion feels highly irrelevant. Still, Life is Strange carved itself a special place in my heart and deserves another vote : mine.Life is Strange is simply a masterpiece. I'm very fond of games in which your choices actually matter and have a real impact on the course of events ; now I have only one desire : play it over and see what could have happened with alternative actions. Until now, I have sadly experienced so few games with such a level of immersion : I sometimes felt as if I were Max Caulfield herself and developped affection, hatred or mixed feelings for every single character. All aboard the feel train : the game is so intense and emotional, I dare you not to cry !Besides the fantastic personalities, the story is one of the highlights of this game. Many serious themes and problems of everyday life are cleverly evoked, different perspectives and life lessons to value. The gameplay is rather simple but unique, as you can ""rewind"" and change your actions or dialogues, which makes the story progression so captivating. You'll come across a couple of puzzles, nothing very complicated though, but the investigation with Watson (Chloe) is thrilling. Since the game is about Art, I would like to add that even if the graphics aren't out of this world, I truly find them particular and beautiful, and it perfectly fits. Let's not leave the wonderful and unmatched soundtrack besides.We need more gaming experiences like this and I can totally picture a movie inspired by Life is Strange. At least this announcement should reassure the fans : ""[...] we can indeed confirm that the original Life is Strange team at DONTNOD are working on a brand new Life is Strange game."". Hella hyped !If I had to recommend one interactive story game, it would be without a doubt Life is Strange."
76561198001335120,Recommended,319630,31776075,Posted: 15 May,all,Birne,"Fantastic Game. Its like playing ""Butterfly Effect"" if you know that movie. Great Story."
,Recommended,319630,14428341,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JestaR!,I never write reviews. I have over 184 games and that's just counting Steam. I've been with Steam for over 11 years and I can honestly say this is the most awe inspiring game I've ever played.*Story - 10/10*OST - 10/10*Gameplay - 10/10
,Recommended,319630,33597242,Posted: 16 July,all,Forry,542
,Recommended,319630,17578760,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,La Butterfly,I have never played so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome game like this. Every time i was more and more shocked and later i was crying more and more.. to be honest i finished this 3 days ago and cant hide emotions.10 selfies of 4
,Recommended,319630,25336535,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,james.purcell,"I've never had my heart ripped out like what this game did to me. Over and over. This is just a game, but it punched me in the feels like no other game, movie or book has done me. I wish I had the foresight to have recorded my initial reactions to certain scenes in this game - I sat here, headphones in, full-on sobbing at certain parts. And after that wave of utter despair subsides, it is replaced by a wave of total euphoria. This game blew my mind, and raised the benchmark for what I thought was possible when it comes to gaming story telling.This is not a game to play with others in the room, or any noise whatsoever. Only play this in a totally silent quiet dark space where you can truly bare your emotions in whatever way feels right.Pros: story, acting, graphics, music, controls, everythingCons: none (assuming you're into these kind of story-driven games that rely on player choice)."
76561198013957962,Recommended,319630,25806461,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zii,"i got hit by a the feel train so hard, i don't think i'ill ever stand up again.thank you Square Enix for this amazing experience."
,Recommended,319630,25862265,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GamingMeister,"If you're reading this review, you know already you've bought this game. You're expecting some cheeky joke or meme, or maybe another review of someone who cried themselves to sleep for a week after this game. Well you're not getting that. If you somehow made it this far without the whole game being spoiled, all you're getting here is some advice on how to enjoy this game:- Explore explore explore! Don't rush anything. Look at everything, talk to everyone, and just enjoy this experience. It'll be over faster than you think, and you'll want to have savoured it while it lasted.- Play as yourself. Don't do something just because you think the character would. Remember, if the devs wanted that, they would've made this a movie, not a choice-based game. They didn't. (yet, HYPE THOUGH FOR THE TV SHOW :D) So play as you!- STAY AWAY FROM EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS GAME UNTIL YOU FINISH! Seriously, if this hasn't been spoiled for you yet, don't risk a spoiler. They will RUIN this game. Play it as a surprise. Try to go in looking up as little as you possibly can (yes, that means anything to do with this game from this review forward :P).Well there's my ""review"". If you haven't decided to buy this game by now, I don't know what will convince you to do so. It is a masterpiece.One last thing before I sign off. That psychological help warning you see in the beginning is not a joke. Make sure you're prepared for the biggest and hardest-hitting emotional roller-coaster you will ever ride. Trust me here :)"
76561198129806779,Recommended,319630,26013082,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,slenderladywoman,"The story is captivating, the caracters are memorables and the graphics are greats. I really enjoyed the game. The story have really strong moments and sad ones. The songs in each episode are excellent and they stuck in your head."
,Recommended,319630,25776462,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,VAC_down_for_what,"An absolutely stellar masterpiece. Rarely do I start a review with such a strong conclusion (or even bother writing reviews at all), but there is no other way to describe a game so beautiful, engaging, shocking, thought-provoking, and haunting. This is a decision-based, story-telling game in the same vein as Telltale Games (particularly The Walking Dead series). Packed with light action and puzzles, the game relies less on strategic controls to engage you but rather on a masterful unfolding of a plot that reminds you of elements of Inception, Memento, The Butterfly Effect, and Donnie Darko.It is the story of high school senior Maxine Caufield, the teenage protagonist who suddenly discovers the ability to rewind time. Through her journey, she rekindles a powerful friendship with Chloe Price when she first uses her powers to save her estranged best friend's life. Little does she realize that the more she manipulates time, seemingly innocently at first, the more compounded there is of a butterfly effect.The pacing of the game is casual, but it is definitely one suitable for all genders and ages (with the exception of some profanity). Yet at times you feel like you are given an illusion of choice that will not truly impact the overall story, especially since all paths eventually lead to the same epic decision-making needed in the end. Regardless, one has to realize that the mechanics of the game is not so much to challenge you as a player but rather to serve as a means to engross you deeply into the story, keeping you turning the pages like a nostalgic photo album.Despite small flaws that leave you in annoyed disbelief such as an imperfect disregard for the characters left behind in alternative realities as a result of your decision making, the game's enchanting story far outshines such nuances. You will laugh, you will cry, and you will certainly fall in love with the characters and Max herself. All people from all walks of life are strongly recommended to give this profound and poignant game a try. Not only will you highly enjoy Life Is Strange, but you will reflect on both the game as well as yourself, long after the voyage ends.9.8/10"
,Recommended,319630,24337380,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,_______|                                                                LLLLLLLLLLL|                                                            __LLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                                           LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                                         _LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                                        LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                                      _LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                                      LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                              L     _LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                             LL     LLLLLL~~~LLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                            _L    _LLLLL      LLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                            L~    LLL~        LLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                           LL   _LLL        _LL   LLLLLLLL|                                          LL    LL~         ~~     ~LLLLLL|                                          L   _LLL_LLLL___         _LLLLLL|                                         LL  LLLLLLLLLLLLLL      LLLLLLLL|                                         L  LLLLLLLLLLLLLLL        LLLLLL|                                        LL LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL        LLLLL~|                  LLLLLLLL_______       L _LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL     LLLLLLLL|                         ~~~~~~~LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL~       LLLLLL|                       ______________LLL  LLLLLLLLLLLLLL ______LLLLLLLLL_|                   LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL  LLLLLLLL~~LLLLLLL~~~~~~   ~LLLLLL|             ___LLLLLLLLLL __LLLLLLLLLLLLL LLLLLLLLLLLLL____       _LLLLLL_|          LLLLLLLLLLL~~   LLLLLLLLLLLLLLL   LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL     ~~~LLLLL|      __LLLLLLLLLLL     _LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_  LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_       LLLLL|     LLLLLLLLLLL~       LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL   ~L ~~LLLLLLLLLLLLL      LLLLLL|   _LLLLLLLLLLLL       LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_  LL      LLLLLLLLL   LLLLLLLLL|  LLLLLLLLLLLLL        LLLLLLLLLLLLL~LLLLLL~L   LL       ~~~~~       ~LLLLLL| LLLLLLLLLLLLLLL__L    LLLLLLLLLLLL_LLLLLLL LL_  LL_            _     LLLLLL|LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL~     ~LLLLLLLL~~LLLLLLLL   ~L  ~LLLL          ~L   LLLLLL~|LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL               _LLLLLLLLLL    LL  LLLLLLL___     LLLLLLLLLL|LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL              LL~LLLLLLLL~     LL  LLLLLLLLLLLL   LLLLLLL~|LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_  __L       _L  LLLLLLLL      LLL_ LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL| LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL        L~  LLLLLLLL      LLLLLLL~LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL~|  LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL___L_ LL   LLLLLLL       LLLL     LLLLLLLLLLLLLL|   ~~LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL     LLLLL~      LLLLL        ~~~~~~~~~|           LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_ _   LLL       _LLLLL|               ~~~~~~LLLLLLLLLL~             LLLLLL|                         LLLLL              _LLLLLL|                         LLLLL    L     L   LLLLLLL|                          LLLLL__LL    _L__LLLLLLLL|                          LLLLLLLLLL  LLLLLLLLLLLL|                           LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL|                            ~LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL~~|                               LLLLLLLLLLLLL|                                 ~~~~~~~~~
76561198007300752,Recommended,319630,19538472,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Blackadar,"There's a reason why 95%+ of the reviews are positive. This is a great emotional roller coaster.Note I didn't say it was a great game. This is much like the Telltale games like The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us (both highly recommended as well) in that this is a midly interactive story. There are some puzzles here and there and a few minor stealth sequences but it's still mostly watching a story. So if you didn't like the Telltale games you probably won't like this. If you can sit back and enjoy a story, well that's what you're buying here...and what a story!It's difficult to talk about LiS without giving away spoilers, so I won't. It involves controlling time, teen angst and some other weird stuff. It's very well done even though my teen days were 30 years ago. There may be too much teen angst and some of the characters seem like archtypes but keep playing and you'll find out that not everything is as it seems. Many characters are far deeper than they seem. It's done fairly honestly - for example, perhaps you'll find out why the ""in"" girl at school is so aloof.Personally, I found the best episodes are the earlier ones as the game starts to almost overtly emotionally manipulate the player. It gets pretty dark after a while so please note THIS IS NOT A STORY FOR KIDS. Those are really the only downsides I can think of because the exceptional art, music, writing and story more than overcome these issues. The devs did a tremendous job in all areas. The voice acting is also top-notch with not a bad performance in the bunch. This is on par with any tear-jerker on the big screen.Some people have complained about the ending but I thought it was a well done and difficult choice. Then again, any ending to a game like this is bound to generate controversy. So if you buy this, be prepared to go on an emotional roller coaster that may ruin your mood for days afterwards...but it's worth it. It's rare that a game can actually teach someone something about themselves. LiS can do that and that may be the most powerful recommendation I can give it."
,Recommended,319630,20437394,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kys,"Life is bittersweet. And i say ""yes"" in this reality, even this is not masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,21883479,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,The Sexiest Nilfgaardian,"Incredible game, well worth the time!"
,Recommended,319630,22987550,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,avist,"Beautiful. From the characters and story down to the visuals and music - loved every minute of it. Now excuse me, I've got to get rid of all these onions I've been chopping."
76561198130415713,Recommended,319630,23375416,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,moonstryder86,A beautiful butterfly effect
,Recommended,319630,21626567,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mantis Toboggan,"Life is Strange is a beautiful, wonderfully crafted masterpiece. The love and attention that must have been poured into it is atonashing, and shows. The story it makes you experience is second to none, with wonderful characters and a whole range of emotion; from happy to sad, to worse than sad.Every single ""episode"" is a masterpiece in of itself with an amazing art style, wonderful music, and characters you actually care for bringing it's world to life. I honestly don't want to say more at fear of spoiling, and missing out more amazing things to say.All I can say is: get Life is Strange. Experience the outstanding emotion this game creates.Easily a 10/10 and the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,22172776,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Anna,10/10 would let it destroy me again
,Recommended,319630,22262668,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Luna;},"Thoroughly enjoyed this game! The characters in Life is Strange are brilliantly well developed, consistent (so much feeeeels) and resonated deeply throughout my episodic graphic adventure. Not to forget the choice of soundtracks, (Bright Eyes & Angus Julia Stone) perfectly match the wash of watercolours that filled my screen, setting a rather nostalgic yet somber mood while I rewinded my horrid life decisions.. lol. You will fall in love with the sleepy town of Arcadia Bay and its hidden secrets. GET ITTTT"
76561198052445641,Recommended,319630,22852995,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BöserWill,"Life Is Strangewas by far one of the most touching and fascinating storys I ever experienced in a videogame.The whole combination of beautiful scenes with a really well picked and emotional soundtrack, interesting characters and awesome plot-twists made every minute of this game unforgettable.Sometimes I just sat there, on the verge of tears, sucked in by the story and overwhelmed by the roller-coaster of emotions.It really proves that videogames developed to an whole new form of art, and I firmly recommend this game to everyone who seeks for a thrilling story while maintaining a laid-back gameplay. 10 out of 10!If only I could erase my memory to experience this masterpice again..."
,Recommended,319630,19111985,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,UltimateTobi,"If you're weak-hearted, you might want to skip this game.Or pick it because you are.Life Is Strange plays with your feelings and will send your emotions on a rollercoaster.There're a lot of ups and downs. The characters are well-written and acted.I am not a review-guy so I keep it short.12/10 would face a tornado again."
76561198023082391,Recommended,319630,19453198,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Arizona Ranger,"I have never reviewed a game before. Been on Steam for a very, very long time. I've played games that moved me, and games that were really, really good, and games that were really, really bad. This is the game that made me decide to finally make a review.The short version is this: Buy this game and play it. If you find yourself staring at it in the store or your library and thinking 'eh, do I really want to put my limited gaming time into this?' the answer is yes. You do.This game was a masterfully crafted, written, and acted story that captured my imagination and my heart, and I never once felt manipulated into feeling what I felt. The twists are surprising, but not forced, and they make sense. The characters are very well written and deep. The choices fit the situations very well, and I never once found myself thinking 'Gee, I wish they'd let me make this common sense decision'.This game touched me, which is something I can't say for most other games out there, and none can do it on the same level. Buy the game and play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,319630,20456292,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shroker,"Life is Strange is a fantastic game and a wonderful episodic series. Short and adventures and a game you can sit down and play all the way through in a day or break it down over time and still enjoy the fantastic artistic value the game brings.There are some cavets but nothing deal breaking. I wish the voice acting was a bit more ""characterstic"" as they feel abit stiff and are ""read"".The game has wonderful cinemetatic ""photography"" style shots and really allows you to enjoy and visualize the art and sound design as you make your way through Arcadia Bay.All the while you're discovering bits and puzzles as you advanced through each episode. Discovering more about the protaginists and her friends.What I love about this game is that due to it being a short game, the developers have given the player multipule choices that dicitate the narrative in different directions. Something that isn't quite done in bigger scale games.If you do A or don't do A, then B and C may happen. But if you do B, then B and C won't happen. That sounds vague but once you play it you understand that.It defintely appeals to acertain % of players but I think overall most people wil lbe able to connect with the protganst and the game.I've read that episode 5's ending is basically the Mass Effect 3 pick A or B regardless of your choices ending and I will see how that comes to light.Would be a shame if its very anti-climatic.*edit*Having finished the whole series now I believe the ending choices could have been better and that what I would have thought as a reaonsable ending never happened nor does the option come up a little bit disappointing.However, unlike the many who have written negative reviews feeling the same. The game in itself takes you on a great journey and a solid and adventuroues and heart breaking narrative.Please enjoy the game :)"
76561198047905722,Recommended,319630,21063769,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nurynko,Best f*cking game ever
,Recommended,319630,17603549,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ShadowDancer,"Having played some big-budget, ultra-hype titles this year it's simply great to play a game like Life is Strange. It not only has a suspenseful story, which reminded me of the classic Twin Peaks, it has just the right amount of interactive gameplay which similar games from Telltale lack in my opinion. But there's even more to it. The game may contain some stereotype characters and elements of your typical High-School-drama, but it presents them in an authentic way dispite the supernatural story. Life is Strange radiates a wholeheartedness and a down-to-earth mood which I enjoy very much. Max Caulfield's tale is presented in such a believable fashion and with so much attention to the little things which constitute human life, it's enchanting and enables a degree of identification rarely experienced in digital media (ok, The Witcher 3 managed that too). I'm not only looking forward to play future episodes, now I even want to pick up my camera and shot pictures right away. This is the gaming equivalent of contemporary tv-shows. Thank you Dontnod!"
,Recommended,319630,18597214,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,icysch,"TL;DR 10/10 Would cry again.The long review:Life Is Strange is a story based adventure game made by studio Dontnod. The French developer was previously known for their not so well received title from 2013: Remember Me. Whatever lessons they learned developing it surely passed on to Life Is Strange. LIS comes in the TellTale five episode format that’s been spreading among games in the genre like the plague. However, Dontnod isn’t one of those studios that simply accepts the norms in the industry. Rather, it carefully examines them, figures out why they work, and makes them better in almost every single way.The story centers around Max Caulfield, our main protagonist. Max returns to her secluded hometown somewhere in Oregon: Arcadia Bay, after a five year absence. There, she enrolls in the prestigious Blackwell Academy to study under one of the world’s most acclaimed photographers. One day, during class, she has a vision of the town getting destroyed by a tornado, saves a girl from being shot in the bathroom and discovers she has the ability to rewind time. It only gets more and more complicated from there on. To be fair, this isn’t a story about time travel. Yes, it is a key component, but hardly the part that sells it.LIS starts out as your typical teenage flick. It initially reminded me of one of those movies from the early 2000s or some cheap MTV show. To my great pleasure, it quickly became much more. What felt like a story deep as a puddle grew to be a dark and engrossing experience. It touches upon some heavy themes: suicide,♥♥♥♥♥♥ bulling, teenage pregnancy, death of loved ones, etc. Those aren’t even the reason why the game packs such a punch. Its portrayal of everyday people and their problems is what draws you in and makes everything that comes later so tough to handle. I can’t say I’ve ever been through the things the characters in this game have (at least not to such an extent), but it took my heartstrings none the less and ripped them to shreds.Apart from the emotional mess it left me in, I’m having a hard time thinking of games with storytelling this nuanced. The extensive symbolism and foreshadowing LIS has puts most books and movies to shame. It’s an all around well crafted story that succeeds in almost everything it tries to do: characters, plot, theme, atmosphere and so on. There are only a few minor spots where the time travel rules don’t add up and some underdeveloped subplots, but they are easy to overlook and not important to the majority of the plot.Where you could really rip it a new one is the dialog. It’s the deciding factor that puts most people off the game in the first place. LIS tries hard (too hard you could say) to capture the conversations between modern teens. The amount of bad puns and overused memes is plain unhealthy. The numerous hellas, wowsers, selfies and other monstrosities certainly take getting used to. However, Dontnod didn’t take the time between episode releases for granted. They took cues from the fans and the reaction to the dialog was only one of the many things they picked up on. It gets much more manageable with each episode, part of it being the downscale in cringe, part the way Dontnod made fun of itself, and part the fact that you’ll eventually get used to it (and, believe me, even learn to love it).Most games today measure entertainment by the number of action scenes they manage to pack one on top of the other. LIS laughs and throws those preconceptions out the window. It knows full well what it is and where its strengths lie. The most compelling scenes are the ones where the characters are sitting down and doing nothing but reminiscing while you’re listing to the soothing soundtrack that plays in the background. It doesn’t ever try to hurry you up or engage you in some pointless action scene. It’s a game that, contrast to all the darkness in it, helps you find nirvana.LIS has quite a lot of actual gameplay for a game of its genre. Max’s supposed to be able to rewind time, so the game just lets you do it. Anywhere, anytime. This allows you to see the (short-term) outcome of every decision before finalizing it. It's in huge contrast to what most games with dialog options let you do. You’d usually have to make a blind decision and stick with it till the end whether you like it or not. Games like these emphasize picking the right option. Life Is Strange is the polar opposite. There’s no point in having a good and bad outcome when you can always rewind and pick the right one. Instead of that, every decision in LIS is the definition of moral ambiguity. There’s no perfect solution (just like in real life) so the decisions lie solely on your personal beliefs and attachment to the characters.I’ve been talking around it this whole time, so now I’ll finally say a word or two about the atmosphere in Life Is Strange, because it is simply dripping with it. There are very few games that feel this distinct (Bioshock being the only one that immediately comes to mind) and have worlds that so easily come to life. Every single little detail is in sync with everything else. All of this is aided by some brilliant sound design, from the simple noises the furniture makes to the songs played in the background. And, oh, what a soundtrack it is!LIS features ten or so licensed tracks (from artists you’ve probably never heard of before) and about the same number of original instrumental ones. The way they fit into each scene and how much subtext they bring in proves how carefully and deliberately they were chosen. You won’t manage to get them out of your head and the dozens of Obstacle covers online stand testimony to that.From what I mentioned of the art, I hope you figured it’s very artsy. The lip-sync is god awful, but the voice actors blew this one out off the park, with Ashley Burch being one of those outstanding performances you’ll remember for years to come. Anyway, the game is very pleasant to the eye, somewhere on the border between a realistic and more cartoonish look that I hope will age well.Say what you want, Life Is Strange is a milestone among story based games. TellTale started it, but Dontnod moved it to a whole new plane of existence. There’s much this game doesn’t do right, and we could sit here all night talking about it, but the things it does are astonishing. It completely disregards what the industry thinks a fun and engaging game should be and plays by its own rules proving everyone wrong. It shows that you don’t need a stellar budget to make something that’ll overcome the gaps between age and culture and bring together an overwhelming number of people."
76561197978560895,Recommended,319630,18622614,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fae,Completely traumatized... Thanks DONTNOD
,Recommended,319630,18677985,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Evolution,i... i i... i.. i... *sobs and wipes tears away*
,Recommended,319630,19511589,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,"Gus, The Theatre Cat",Open Window Institute Simulator 2015 is pretty damn good
76561198052755938,Recommended,319630,20069749,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,~ryo,"This is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I'm truly impressed.It's deep, touching, and unforgettable. I felt like all characters were real and I cried for them. It's like living a second life.If you have a soul, this game will eat it. I'm broken.More than a videogame. Thanks for the unforgettable experience. This game is one of the best games of all time.Love it so much. 10000/10.Max and Chloe forever."
,Recommended,319630,20082674,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,chegg.com,"This hurt my entire soul. Cheesy in the beginning, but turns into a legitimate movie that is awesome."
76561198007691603,Recommended,319630,20267525,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hrolgar [Ullr],"This is, without a doubt, the best game in this genre since Funcom's Longest Journey.I had a blast from the first minute to the last, a lot of the choices was hard and had me playing them over and over again to ""get it right""!Only negative I've got to say about the game, is the final episode. I did not not enjoy that half as much as the rest of the game.But nevertheless, this game has earned it's spot as one of my favorites."
,Recommended,319630,20381829,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Freedom X-10A,"Thanks Square-Enix for this amazing and heart touching game, please, please do more much more !!"
76561198030545046,Recommended,319630,20488623,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Scab,I want rewind the time and play this game again like a first time!100/10
,Recommended,319630,20895646,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cosmo,"There are many reviews here that are so so much more imaginative and do this game so much more justice than any words I could say, this being my first review I will try my best.I bought this game pre-release when it was on sale, something about the initial trailer caught my attention and although this is not the normal genre of game I play I decided to take a chance anyway.Initially it sat in my games list up until they released episode 4, at a loose end on what to play I fired it up...Needless to say I played straight through from episode 1 right the way to the end of episode 4 and waited agonisingly for the last part.I cried, I laughed and as corny as it sounds I even learned something about myself in amongst the story... I wish I could go back to the beginning and experience that 'first play through' feeling again.The music is awesome the dialogue and characters I found convincing and the whole thing sucked me in right from the very start and kept me entertained from beginning to end.(I can see why it carries a link for possible counselling based on the emotional elements)Is it a game? An interactive movie or book I don't know, what I do know is that I haven't been on such an emotional roller-coaster in a 'game' before and I am looking forward to whatever this developer might come up with next."
,Recommended,319630,20907554,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Bleena,Amazing game. 10/10 Would cry into my spaghetti again.
,Recommended,319630,18717513,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,昆西昆西昆OvO,"Max: The cutest girlChloe: The trouble maker but the best friend everWarren: A nice and reliable boyfriendKate: Poor pure girlVictoria: Pretending to be arrogant to cover inside insecureNathan: Do NOT put the gun on my FRIENDJefferson: Ew.GTFO.Very good characterization and the hella different choices I can make drag me into the game as I am the hero. Even though episode 5 ends the game way too fast ( I guess some financial problems with the developers? Thanks, Square Enix) but it won't change my positive evaluation of this game. The artful frames at the end of each episode make me can't stop myself doing screen shots and all the background music are terrific as well (I am playing these music in an infinite loop while I am writing this review).20/10 This game totally worth 20$ if you do like AVG or interested in time travel. GOTY.  上面的都是废话，买就对啦。"
,Recommended,319630,20282553,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jalaris,"""When people run in circles it's a very, very mad world.""- Donnie D."
,Recommended,319630,20389639,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,RadiantChaos,"This game. Man, this game.It's very, very good, especially when compared to other games like it - in my opinion, this is so much better than what Telltale has done. The story actually feels meaningful and so much focus is spent on lovingly crafting wonderful characters - including everybody's favorite blue-haired punk, Chloe - and a beautiful setting. But these characters and settings aren't perfect - they're remarkably flawed in a way that makes them seem so much more real and human.At the crux of the game is its core mechanic - the ability to rewind time while keeping your position on the map, any inventory items or photos you have, and any knowledge you've acquired. Using this ability, you solve puzzles, navigate conversations, and save lives. It feels so intuitive that I found myself frequently assuming that any time I made a mistake in real life, I could rewind and undo it. That's how well this game infects your brain - main character Max feels like an extention of yourself.Did I mention the game is beautiful? Especially the environments - just gorgeous. Everything is done in this pseudo-watercolor style that just suits the game so well.  Character design is also top notch, however, compared to the setting, the characters and the animations aren't quite as stunning. Regardless, the game still looks amazing as a whole. Along with that, the soundtrack is wonderful and does a great job of reinforcing the nostalgic, sad, and mellow chords this game aims to strike.I know that there have been concerns about the endings - and yes, there are technically only two of them - but I actually think that they're pretty good. Don't get me wrong, you'll probably cry. But that doesn't mean that they aren't good - rather, to me it reiterates the power that they hold. This world that Dontnod has created can absorb a player very effectively, and the conclusions do a great job of ending Max and Chloe's main character arcs and finishing the game's main themes.I definitely recommend at least trying out Episode 1. I think you'll find yourself hooked, just as I did. The game really isn't all that long, so it's easy to play through the whole thing in a few days, especially since the narrative is so compelling. That short length, though, is not a weakness - for I think you'll find that the effect this game can have on your life and worldview to last far longer than a dozen hours.After all, life truly is one strange piece of work."
,Recommended,319630,20615397,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Keldysh,"Just finished the game and I need to say this is by far the most memorable game I played in my life.You can criticize this is rather an interactive film than an actuall game to play. But still, what you get when you play it is just and amazing (and a heartbraking) experience. So I would recommend everyone just watch a few minutes of 'Let's Play's' on YT - not too much so you don't spoil anything for you which is important! ;) - and if you feel like this could be your game, definately get and play it!!!ps.: This game made me write me first ever review for a game on Steam...pps.: If I could rewind time like Max and play this game once again for the first time, I wouldn't heisitate!"
,Recommended,319630,22956377,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,neiio,"Awesome game, finished it on one sitting I was that hooked. It's worth full price for epidode 1-5 ($15 USD at the moment of writing)"
76561198060586609,Recommended,319630,23027719,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,gofgu,"Life is Strange is an amazing emotional rollercoaster with a packing story and characters.Episode 1: ChrysalisIs kind of an introduction to all the characters and gameplay. With a promising start to the story.Our protagonist Max finds out she can travel back in time as she saves her long time best friend Chloe that she hasn't seen in years.I won't talk about any more episodes because i don't want to spoil that much of the game! Everyone should enjoy the game in their own playthrough.Overall i just love this game... It has a great story, pretty visuals, and really interesting characters!This game is since i first played it one of my favourite story based adventure games! And i totaly recommend you buying this game right now!"
,Recommended,319630,23122551,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Harvey★,"'Life is Strange' is BY FAR one of the best story driven games i've ever played. At first, the game felt like a stereotypical high school game, which left me with very few motives to continue playing. However, after speaking to a few people who had finished the game, I decided I would give it another chance. 'Life is Strange' immediatley felt more enjoyable by the second episode, and I was becoming hooked.I moved swiftly on fromKate's deathand began episode 3. Episode 3 was arguably one of my favourite episodes, period. When I first began playing, I had no idea of the depth and intricacy provided by 'Dontnod Entertainment'. I was left in shock at the ending of episode 3. I was truly spechless. All I can recommend is that you play the game youself, and then you'll realise how powerful the ending truly was.I would argue that episode 4 & episode 5 are on par in terms of quality. Yes episode 5 provides closure to such a great game, but season 4 was filled with perfectly executed moments that were so unexpected. All in all, I can't differentiate between episode 4 & 5, as both were of such great quality.Overall, I would highly recommend for you to play this game if you haven't already. 'Life is Strange' reminded me of Naughty Dog's 'The Last of Us', as both had an incredible story, backed by some very enjoyable gameplay. Now please do yourself a favor, by purchasing a copy of 'Life is Strange'."
,Recommended,319630,23784812,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Frank The Duke,"Life Is Strange..... I never experience a game like this. First I ""judged the book by the cover"", then I just gave it a try. One of the best storyies I have ever witness. It has really good lessons that you can learn. I belive gamer or non-gamer, everybody should experiance this adventure."
,Recommended,319630,21510917,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ebers,"Every once in a while, a game comes along that makes me pity anyone who hasn't played it. Life Is Strange is one such game. It's damn close to perfect, and it sits firmly in the pantheon of necessary video game experiences. Please play it."
76561198168714056,Recommended,319630,21680984,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JohnFelix,"Nice games ever,i like how it works"
76561198132233515,Recommended,319630,22188332,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sauce Boi,"I absolutly love this game, if anyone reading this hasn't played this game, I highly recomend you play Life Is Stange."
,Recommended,319630,22202821,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Antares,"Best full of choice game ever, im being addicted of this game!"
76561198237372246,Recommended,319630,22721814,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hiyori,"Time to be an everyday hero!""When a door closes, a window opens... or something like that""Life Is Strange is one of the most heart wrenching games I have ever played. With an amazing storyline and loveable characters it truely is a master peice.Using the butterfly effect, the players decisions impact the characters outlook on other characters and will greatly impact the final game, allowing the player to play the game how they choose.I strongly reccomend this game to anyone interested, at first I wasn't so sure but when I started playing I soon fell in love with the game.One word- ""Amazeballs!"""
,Recommended,319630,23074273,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,bubbybyrd,Just play it.
,Recommended,319630,23380021,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,s2nqwe,"Finished it in 10 Hours straight, amazing game!"
76561198126260086,Recommended,319630,21818284,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,secolaco,They said men don't cryThey lied...
,Recommended,319630,24046664,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Juvi Nino,"I've never bothered to actually write any review for any games, so the fact that I am actually writing my first review for this game, speaks volume for me.This game is wonderfully written and enjoyable to the core, I love the aspects of the consequences for each choices, it really makes you wonder later on in the game if things would have been different had you done things another way. I've just finished my first playthrough and tbh I'm dying to restart from the first episode and choose all the opposite choices of my first gameplay, just to see what would happen. The depths of the story and the butterfly effects enchanted me throughout the story.The main character, Max, although plain is very relatable to most as you try to face choices and dilemmas in your everyday life. She's a fantastic character that allows you to immerse yourself into the game, her every action, good or bad, are reasonable and on point. Her power is a unique aspect of the game, but it is merely a tool, a way to make things interesting and to deliver a beautifully written, deep and touching story.Immerse yourself in the game, make choices that would have huge ripples on the reality and let yourself wonder on all the possibilities.Gorgeous. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,24056437,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,v.,I believe anything that doesn't kill you simply makes you stranger.-Joker (The Dark Knight)
76561197963882239,Recommended,319630,24131307,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,dlittlefair1,"Got this game on the steam sale, powered my way through it in a few days and wish I had paid full price. Life is strange has made it into my top 10 games of all time and I'll never forget it. An amazingly unique game with shock cliffhangers that rival game of thrones, with a beautiful soundtrack that will make film directors envious. The game starts out a little tame as you get used to the concept, but as the story unravels you begin to get more and more engrossed with all the characters and the mystery of the plot. DO NOT MISS THIS GAME, you can only understand how much you cannot miss this game if you've played it."
,Recommended,319630,23925820,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hulana,this game has truly left me in awe and left me breathless many times and actually amde me cry alot aswell this truly made me a better pperson in real life the story is one of the best stories any game has ever done before the friendships the enemies this is my favourite game of all time and i really hope for a sequel idc about all the massive games coming up because this wil be the one and only game that will be getting a 10/10 for me the developers is the best ive seen for ages.i got this on sale and i cant believe i almost put it off get it choose it over battlefield 1 choose it over everything you are thinking of buying it is so worth it.
,Recommended,319630,23928783,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WRLCK.IamDinosaur,"This is a spoiler-free review of Life is Strange, I don't want to spoil the details for everyone (for the sake of the review).Life is Strange is a story rich, choice based video game created by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Square Enix (publishers of Final Fantasy series). The game sets in Arcadia Bay, Oregon. The main protagonist is Maxine Caulfield or Max for short, a young student who wants to be a photographer at Blackwell College. I don't want to dig down details about the story, so it is the best to avoid it for the review. This game is running with Unreal Engine 3 Engine, the art style of this game is cel-shading with amazing watercolour details (I believe, so correct me if I am wrong). The gameplay has minimalistic feel, riddles to solve, linear level design, photographs to collect throughout gameplay, puzzles to put the piece together, dialogues choices and sequences to remember. The main feature for this game is rewind. The purposes of using a rewind is to pick different dialogue choices if you are not happy with the decision, obstacles to solve and paying attention to the details for the puzzle sequence. The choices you have made affect the story, characters, etc during your playthrough. The story has a mysterious, sinister feeling, characters are great and puzzles are welcome additional. This game made me cry literally, no joke. The moral of this game is related to Modern-day issues like bullying, social media and those sort of stuff. This game deserves a recognition, 100 percent. The controls are easy, there are not many buttons to press so no problem. But, the game has technical flaws, the lip syncing later episodes (around between 3 - 5) were poorly exectued and the audio keeps cutting out constantly during the dialogue. It ruins the experience of the game.+ Pros+ Mysterious, Sinister Plot with interesting moral+ Well executed moments+ Great cast with excellent character development+ Choices affect the playthrough+ Official Soundtracks- Cons- Poor Lip Sync later episodes- Audio cuts out constantlyFor this game's review, it's such an amazing and dramatic experience for me, it made me cry and I learned from this game's moral (choices and friendship). I just cannot get enough from this game, I cannot wait for Season 2. The story, the characters, official soundtrack made this game the best narrative experience but lip syncing and cutting out audio during cutscenes or dialogue made my experience feel irritated. This game deserves a 9/10 with a solid recommendation. This is a must play video game."
,Recommended,319630,24023954,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DerMathze,"First of all, I won't try to describe the experience I had playing this game. This is a game you honestly have to play yourself to get why people enjoy it so much. I heard this about Undertale, but watched a Let's Play anyways, now deeply regretting it. So I didn't spoil myself about ""Life is Strange"", as much as this is possible, and I recommend this to anyone who plans to play this game.As I can't write about single elements of the story at all without giving something away, here is my brief rating:Story: 10/10-'Nuff said.Gameplay: 9.5/10-You can control time, and the choices you make DO make a difference in the end, no matter what some people say. Yes, there are only two endings, but the choices you make during the game affect yourself in a way that makes you take your own, right decision in the end.Sound: 10/10-Nothing to complain, the songs are amazing and the voiceover is just perfect for me.Graphics: 9/10- The art style of everything is amazing, sadly as many have pointed out the facial expressions are a bit, well, expressionless at times, but it doesn't ruin the feelings you get out of the characters.I can recommend this game to everyone who likes emotional and well written games with a good artstyle and soundtrack along the way."
76561198069072858,Recommended,319630,24508030,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TiburoncitaSexy,Yes good
76561198096933441,Recommended,319630,18867229,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MaGmA,اللعبة إبداع بكل معنى الكلمة ممكن الرسومات ما تكون مرة قوية بس القصة إبداع❤️💛💙💜💚
76561198059901268,Recommended,319630,20535790,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Bowie,"Episode 1: Skool sux. blue haired chick is qtEpisode 2: Damn, didn't see that coming...Episode 3: I wish I could take it all back. Let me rewind out of this, god damn itEpisode 4: Who put these onions here man ;(Episode 5: Too freightened to begin. I feel psychologically abused.edit: Beat the game.   :("
,Recommended,319630,20936481,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zero Summ,"8/10 - Though flawed, it gives me hope for future cinematic-choice games.I've tried to make this review as spoiler-free as possiblePros:It really does feel like a majority of your decisions do have actual weight behind them.Just a higher quality game then we're used to seeing in the genre (proper PC display, graphics, and audio settings.) After playing quite a few Telltale games this was a breath of fresh air.Well devised puzzles. Don't want to say more and spoil anything.For the most part character interactions are very well done.Best graphics engine I've seen in this genre (runs Unreal).Great soundtrack.Each episode is about the length of a feature film.Voice acting, while it can borderline at times, overall I think they did a great job. Seriously, in this type of game voice acting really does decide if the game sinks or swims.Large cast of characters - lots of side characters that add depth to the experience.While you might make the case that the tone/pacing of the story wasn't always consistent, the atmosphere the game creates is always spot on.Neutral:Sometimes the game comes off as trying too hard. (I can't remember the last time I've heard someone say ""Hella"")At first is feels like there are quite a few cliche characters, but they do a pretty good job fleshing out most of them out.Spoiler:I found it reminiscent of ""The Butterfly Effect"" (2004). Loved that movie!Cons:Camera/character controls can be a bit wonky from time to time. Sometimes can feel downright clunky.The first two episodes were a bit slow, and may turn some people off. Spoiler:Episode two's bottle collection mission is a prime example. It was just a time waster."
,Recommended,319630,21099235,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,the boys light up,"At first I didn't really think much of this game storywise, just seemed like another teenage drama thing. The further I got into it.. Just wat. It's a feels train and a half, with suspense the further you get in. This game is awesome."
,Recommended,319630,18655119,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,uNdimka,"If you ever wondered what could go wrong if the shy young photography student in the prestigious Academy will receive a ""gift"" of manipulating time then the answer is ""EVERYTHING"". What started as ""high school drama"" quickly evolved into much darker and mature storyline.Story and character interactions are where the game really shines.At first characters look more like stereotypes. But if you pay attention to details while exploring and speaking to NPC (Rewinding time mechanic allows you to see how differently choices playing out, so you can pick the one you think is best) you'll see, that they are with flaws like real people, not just one-dimensional cardboards.The gameplay is rather simplistic: you have some not-very hard to figure out puzzles, some stealth elements and some exploring of the world, which helps build the atmosphere.Interesting graphics style, great voice acting (dat horrible lip sync though can be annoying if you allow it to bother you), use of original score and licensed music (a bunch of little known tracks, which have a good chance of making it to your playlist after hearing them) makes the outstanding mix.The only bad thing is the lackluster conclusion to the story. Don't get me wrong, it is not even that bad, but there is so much room for improvements it makes me sad for missed opportunity.But even despite the ending, I recommend it, because the journey to the end makes it worth it."
,Recommended,319630,20001399,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,fuzzybuzzy,"Episode 1) Oh boy! another School Drama.Episode 2) Well...That escalated quickly...Episode 3) Wait What?...Episode 4) WHAT?! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!Episode 5) I don't know what to do with my life anymore :/On a serious note: This game gave a message to always be with your friend(s) or the love ones,you never know when you will see them the last time,It changed me. Thank you DONTNOD, You made me cry. ;(P.S ♥♥♥♥IN BUY THIS ASAP! 10/10 (not ♥♥♥♥ing joking,get this!)"
,Recommended,319630,20830156,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,xMhmoud,وش اقول وش اخليلعبة رائعة بكل ما تعني الكلمةقيمبلاي + قصة + ساوندتراك خورافيحلو اختيار زمان ومكان اللعبةلعبة تربط المستقبل بالماضي والحاضر يحكيهانهاية درامتكيةنحتاج العاب مثلهاتقييمي للعبة 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18283832,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rickne,"Wow this game makes me angry. Very angry. Which is great because emotionally it has me hooked.  Parts of the game make me feel ashamed for liking it , like I was about enjoying Dawsons Creek or any other lovey dovey teen drama.  There is a lot of awkward moments and sexual frustration wrapped up in here too but I'm not here to write about that . It's the cliff hangers and twists from episode 3 onwards.  WHAT THE HELL?  Seriously this is brilliance. It really knows how to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in such a way that leaves me screaming for more.  I waited till now to buy the game and played right through to  ep4 and now I have a few weeks till the finale. Believe you me The Walking Dead was great but this is so much more . It means something , delivers a powerful message and saying good bye is gonna suck.  Pick this up if you havent . Relax and prepare for a bumpy ride."
,Recommended,319630,18510227,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Arcadia Gay,This is the nommest game I've ever played!
76561198073829414,Recommended,319630,18695382,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ReTic,"This game ruined my life... in a good way,10/10 would ruin again"
,Recommended,319630,18723625,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Doctor Leo Spaceman,"Okay, I'm still ♥♥♥♥ing REELING from episode five. If you're just looking for validation that you should buy this game, shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, stop  reading this review, and just add it to your cart. I can say a lot, but I can never do justice to this stunning game.I'm going to go drink until I can't feel feelings anymore."
76561198001371305,Recommended,319630,23917779,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CEMBLE (Star Lord),"First of all, this is a story based game. Story is what makes a game beautiful no matter what. You feel the free will of choises up to a limit which affects the story line but not the ending.the game is full of mistery almost like a puzzle for the player to figur out. The world is almost alive. Every choise of yours at least affects some part of the story and all the episodes are connected.The game is covered with nice and flowing talks, each important moment of the story is covered with beautiful sountracks just for you to go on a feel trip.For the negative aspects;- Graphics of the game is average good- some small parts might bored the player- ending is almost fells like farcry3 ( not a negative aspect but might annoy some players)- no matter the choises there are only2endingsIt might be even less but i am giving 9/10."
,Recommended,319630,23944132,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Eltia,"An epic narrative of friendship10/10Good: character development (I feel like having a stoner BFF after playing this game), environment, music (very nice), time rewind mechanics (which distinguishes Life is Strange from other Telltale games), coverage of social issues that teenagers face (e.g. cyberbullying, drugs, LGBT), runs fast in 4K.  The developer's documentary are actually worth watching.Bad: ending is a little predictable, but somewhat necessary to give the story a full closure.Ugly: can't think of any.Remarks:The developers pay attention to details.  Some tiny things you see in earlier episodes would make sense in later episodes.  e.g. butterfly and doe.  Both protagonists (Max and Chloe) are well designed and they feel like real people.  As the documentary later revealed, their respective voice actresses grow up with their characters and you could tell from their performance in later episodes.  I think this is pretty unique and rare in games.Nominee for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award."
,Recommended,319630,24025451,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"Never played anything like this before, this was my first experience of this specific genre. Absolutely loved it despite starting with low expectations (I'm more of a shooter/survival gamer) and I had no idea what I was about to get into.Absolutely blew me away. Nothing I can say here that the other 40000+ positive reviews haven't! Definitely worth picking up on sale, or just full price if you're not stingy."
,Recommended,319630,24029727,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Talos,"This game really knows how to play with your emotions. It's a very interesting game that covers a lot of controversial topics and I give DONTNOD props for having the guts to portray these in video game. It really has an artistic, nostalgic feeling and it's soundtrack is very nice. It's a great game but some see the ending as quite dissapointing. Personally I don't think so but it's a matter of opinion. As a choice game it really hits hard when you face the consequences of your actions and the rewind mechanic adds something fresh to choice based games. The plot is excellent but it take time to get into and there are some plot holes, however if you look past all of this and see the sheer quality, time, detail and incredible thought they put into this game you can really appreciate the game for what it really is. If you do play this game keep in mind to leave no stone unturned because every piece of information could be crucial to the story. Also bring tissues and get ready to cry when you reach the end of all of it. :)"
,Recommended,319630,24051890,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,fenderqueer,"Life Is Strange is one of those games that, when you're done, you just wish you could play for the first time over. It was such a transcendental experience for me, a gamer whose usual forte lies in basic, first person shooters. The second playthrough wasn't any less magical. You find yourself caring immensely for the characters, relationships, and figuring out where Rachel went; what happened to her. The graphics are beautiful, and the opening scene where Max brings you into her world with the use of music is perfectly fantastic. Arcadia Bay is glorious, a true capture of the North West I'd like to see myself one day, but walking along the train tracks with Max and Chloe, I felt like I had. Every second of it is instantly memorable, so much so I can remember exactly what I was doing and how I was feeling the first time I played. It's heavy in cut scenes and at first, I thought I'd be bored without much to do, but I was soon proved wrong with the appearance of a small blue butterfly. 5/5"
,Recommended,319630,24071356,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Basti,"This is the best game I've ever played. The most emotional and intense 12 hours of my life.Everyone, who is a fan of great storys and likes to think about life and descisions, will love this game."
76561198255092663,Recommended,319630,24112386,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,THICC CHIGGA,I died many times
,Recommended,319630,23942093,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gasai,It's... It's uhh... Well it sure is strange.But still hella good. \(^-^)/I'll give it only 5/5
,Recommended,319630,24044579,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,neRomaTix,I don't cry a whole lot. Especially not about the plot in video games.This game actually brought a tears to my eyes. Tears of joy and sadness.What an excellent game!11/10
,Recommended,319630,24049530,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheNacianess,"I had been strongly recommended to buy and play this game, and so I did.  Usually, I like story based consequence games pretty well, but I feel like this one takes it to a whole new level.  It is honestly one of the best consequence games I've played and possibly one of the best story lines in a game I've ever played.  I got attached to characters, I had to sit and think about the choices and how they might end up, I cried, I laughed, I felt bad and good at times...too many feels, guys.  I'm even going to play it again, for obvious reasons if you've played it, :PIn all seriousness though, I think everyone needs to have this in their library, because it's just an amazing game."
,Recommended,319630,24074308,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,speedcreature,"Life Is Strange™ has that everyday mediocre yet inexplicably twisted story that gets players hooked until the end. The main and supporting characters have undeniably rich backgrounds which imply the predictability of their fate yet break the familiar stereotypes at the same time. The visuals and the soundtrack are well-timed and well-thought-out--creating a wonderful atmosphere for the game. On the other hand, the game does not support the low-end of PCs. I am running the game with a PC running an Intel Core 2 Duo T5800 processor and an Intel GMA 4500MHD graphics. I experienced at most seven bugs; bugs so serious that I couldn't proceed to the next scenes without them. The interaction with objects is a creative way throughout the gameplay, which is why although when the markers inexorably disappear, I could not leave the game without finding the right angles. This game tested my persistence and I am glad that I persisted. The rewards are rich and wonderful. ""Always take the shot"" ~ MJPS. Max is best girlPPS. I've been listening to the LiS soundtrack playlist that they arranged on Spotify and my oh my, I will never forget this game. I'll play them until I hate them! I can't wait for the next installment!"
76561198196795887,Recommended,319630,24244744,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Witch of The Wilds,I have only one word to describe this awesome game:Decisions10/10
76561198010313860,Recommended,319630,24447644,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rath,This game scarred me emotionally in the best possible way. 10/10 would scar myself again.
,Recommended,319630,25546732,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,PiNe4Pple,"So huh..I got the Episode 1 for free, completed it and instantly decided to buy the rest aswell.About the game: The game is amazingly original, with amazing gameplay, really deep story and good plots.It is possibly the first ever game that has made me feel so sad. I really loved how you got to be the one to make your own decisions and how it would affect the game.I completed the game within a 7 hour marathon, and those were the best hours I have ever spent on a game.The game was totally worth the money. I recommend it to everyone who is looking for an adventure, sci-fi and drama with romance.10/10. Loved it.Ps! I am not a native speaker so if you find any mistakes, let me know.."
,Recommended,319630,23889002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ванька Бустер,Most inspiring game of the year!
,Recommended,319630,23901409,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Crazyhobo100,"This game did what a lot of games I have played came close to doing, or never could do. What might that be you ask? Great story telling, and characters who seem so real that I became attached to them. It's like reading a really good book that you don't want to put down until you finish it."
,Recommended,319630,23922544,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Necromantrix,"Amazing game, emotional stuff. Normally I'm not really that into narrative games, since I tend to get distracted quite easily. But once I started playing Life Is Strange, I got hooked fast. I didn't play anything else for the next few days because I had to find out what was going to happen next. And stuff happened, like, big time.Powerful story, heartbreaking decisions, maybe the most impressive game I have ever played."
76561198044996102,Recommended,319630,24036309,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tyrant,"Some games are good, some games are awesome and some games you have an experience, something that goes beyond simple entertainment and swoops you by into a huge tornado of emotions and reflections, this game is one of those. The writers managed to create a great story, with deep characters, that allows to see many aspects of human interactions and the choices we make. In the end it makes you see the gray line between right and wrong, and between selflessness and selfishness. This is definetly one of the best game I've played.10/10Grab your ticket to Feeladelphia."
,Recommended,319630,15547452,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DQ,This game is a new experience.You can slow down a bit and enjoy every second of the story.Take your time and help Max to do the right thing.I love it.You will love it too.
,Recommended,319630,24424512,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Larto,"Yeah, this was worth it. Starts off as ""Tumblr: The Game"", but then gets as involved and interesting as one of the better Telltale games. It weirded me out at first, but yeah, it ended up being money very well spent."
76561198169469931,Recommended,319630,17339478,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pbrew,STOP LOOKING AT THE REVIEWS AND BUY LIFE IS STRANGE ALREADY <3
76561198106843434,Recommended,319630,17748050,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SuperStressedPlsPray,"This game is soul destroying. That is all.The last episode is much more rushed in comparison to the other four, I didn't know what was going on for a while there because of all the jumps, but when I did make sense of what was happening, holy hell did it hit close to home.10/10."
76561198040920171,Recommended,319630,17452824,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,dave from the local chippy,Tumblr: The Video Game
76561198263139668,Recommended,319630,30540649,Posted: 16 March,all,lil_julya,I chose eggs and bacon
76561198024310733,Recommended,319630,25006572,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Der Kommissar☭,"I laughed, I Cried, I loved.This isn't a game, this is an experience. This game has affected my life unlike anyother game I have ever played. The way I view my relationships has greatly changed and I see each of those relationships as a privelege. I hope that as I continue to live my life that one day i can find a friendship like the one Chloe and Max had.This game is a definite buy and a 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,16031827,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Niandra Lades,"Life Is Strange is a very easy to hate game, which is why I'm glad it's receiving a lot of good reviews and I'm happy to one to the pile.Story-driven, adventure games have always been my favourite genre and with recent titles like The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, the standard has become a lot higher than it used to be.I feel like Life Is Strange is just as good as these games, that all focus on how your choices effect the story. This one has an interesting mechanic, one you almost certainly know about, in which the main character can turn back time and undo decisions meaning you can replay conversations and change your answers. There are a couple of reasons why I like this; occasionally in TellTale games I would regret the choice pick (or accidentally select one I didn't mean to) and wouldn't want to reload my save just to go back. The second is that I like to explore as much as I can in these type of games. For example, in The Walking Dead, you pick one option and the conversation moves on whereas here, you can go back and explore, meaning you hear more dialogue and learn little extras about the characters. Also I am a huge baby who does not like upsetting fictional characters.Speaking of which, I will be honest, the lines can occasionally be pretty cringy, especially in the first episode with a few phrases such as 'waaambulance' and 'noob' being thrown around a few times. Despite this, I really like the cast, especially since it's mostly women and am engaged enough to see where their stories go.One thing I will say that I didn't like at first and am currently on the fence on is the mouse controls. To interact with objects, you look at them, where your cursor is placed inside a circle with icons such as interact/examine/etc. You then press down mouse 1 and drag the mouse to which you'd like to pick and at first I thought the game was broken because I couldn't figure it out. This however feels like a minor complaint and is most likely me just being dumb than the game's fault.All I can hope for is that the ending doesn't turn bad, especially since this is a story regarding the sudden ability of time-travel."
,Recommended,319630,14266247,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Professor_Cat,"Great game, sad its only 2.5 hours.Next epesode comes out in March :D"
,Recommended,319630,14253697,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mintchip,"2.5-3hour game.  Definitely worth the play through, I enjoyed the story and am antisipating the next episodes.  I think the puzzles could have been harder/more complex - sure.  Overall I was impressed, I wish I were still playing it to be honest :( I may wait until all the parts are out before going again so that I don't have to feel like I've left things unfinished."
,Recommended,319630,29412950,Posted: 21 January,all,DEEP♂DARK♂FANTASY,glass walls and waterfallscant stop ur lightfrom reaching my eyeskingdoms can rise and falli wont lose the key if you find the door
,Recommended,319630,14253497,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Neffy Avese,"I put a good 6 hours in the first episode, and I have to say that this is a definitely a approach to story telling that isn't completely new or revoltionary, but polished. Sure the writing is iffy sometimes, but coming from the dev's of Remember me this is a huge step up.The amount of things you can look at, the detailed diary, and the most little things having a consequence (like choosing to water a plant or not), sets it apart from TellTales industry 'standard' in choice-based choose-your-own adventure.The time-rewinding feature allows you to make the smallest changes to choices. Of course you have to stick to one in the end to continue the game, but just having the feature in and seeing the differences opens up a lot of replaybility if it's executed well in the conclusion.The art direction takes a very relaxed approach, and it's definitely nostalgic of my own teenage years. The soundtrack is fantastic, a good foil to the colors and story elements.Though do play it with a open mind. There are definitely moments of dialouge that have a hint, a very small hint of feminism. And is that a big deal? No, it shouldn't. These characters are evolving, and their experiences shape their opinions. If Dontnod treads the character development carefully, this game is definitely reaching a point of being a classic.This is only of the first episode as a review, but I can say I will continue to enjoy the following episodes if they follow the same direction it's going  as it is now."
,Recommended,319630,24853154,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,Amazing.
,Recommended,319630,24673984,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Androvis #BLUE,"life is strange is one of the best story games i've ever played. it captures profundity, humour, and is exactly what ""player-choice"" games should be like. i was actually amazed at how much fine detail there is, for so many characters. components and choices that one may describe as trivial, aren't trivial in the least. heedfulness is rewarded.the less you know, the better the experience. and the dlc package is worth buying."
,Recommended,319630,24917107,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,blue trainers plz,"I love this game from the beginning to the end. It made me realize a lot of new things for myself. For example that choices matter a lot and how they can affect our everyday life. After playing Life is Strange, I started to analyze the consequences of my own actions in real life more than I used to do before. The way how past and future actions were connected in the game is absolutely wonderful, the story is interesting and I spent every minute in-game being focused on it. Also rewinding and trying other action possibilities was fun I wish I could try it in real life. But it would not turn out well, would it?I really enjoyed the gameplay and rich story of Life is Strange.No regrets, 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,25018377,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,B A Y O T,"This game has one of the best storylines I've ever seen. You can play this game in a couple of different ways, which is very nice but can complicate the story sometimes. Although I recomend this to everyone.Remarks:- Play the 5 episodes- Take your time following the story- Cutscenes are sometimes long but are interrupted with interactions you can make.Features• A beautifully written modern adventure game• Rewind time to change the course of events.• Multiple endings depending on the choices you make.• Striking, hand-painted visuals• Distinct, licensed indie soundtrack"
,Recommended,319630,18639159,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,golden god,gay simulator
,Recommended,319630,21122323,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kaifarik,"Played through first 4 episodes within a week. (Probably not good for my mental and emotional health. I suggest spacing them out.)I was NOT prepared for Episode 4. All I'll say is that this is the first game, (or any form of entertainment), that's actually hit me so hard I felt physically sick. It's brutal. Even to the point where I feel like I need to be cautious about who I recommend this game to.God... I really hope ep5 wraps things up on a lighter note. I'm not sure how much more of this I can handle."
,Recommended,319630,18619087,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[AtA] 鉄男,"This might actually be the most immersive, emotional, honest, and brilliant game I have ever had the privilege of playing."
76561198138550091,Recommended,319630,20817624,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,.[RAGE]`,"It was a late January night, and he was bored out of his mind playing all those FPS games in his inventory. He sat there alone in his room thinking of how he was always shooting things, blowing heads up, causing chaos and cleaning it up after. Sure, it was loads of fun, but it left a hole in his heart. He was tired of doing the same thing over and over again. As soon as he was about to say ""♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am outta here"", he thought to himself, oh well, might as well see what's on the store anyways before logging off and calling it a night. He saw this title called ""Life is Strange"". He had seen it before, some of his friends were playing it as well. Well, he didn't have any wallet balance to buy one of those zombie shooters anyway, so he thought ""oh what the hell, lets try this"". And that was one of the best decisions he has ever made. It was late and he thought, put it to download and sleep, but something inside him said it would be worth the wait, worth sacrificing an hour of sleep. So he waited for it to finish downloading, and boy was he blown away. ""Life is Strange"" was the puzzle piece that had been evading him for long. Now the hole in his heart was filled. He ended up sacrificing not an hour, but almost 3 playing this amazing game, and he felt so in love with it. He could connect when Chloe lied down in her bed and had a smoke, he could connect when Max intervened to saved Chloe's♥♥♥♥♥from his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stepdad, and boy did he connect when Max's knight Warren took a beating for him. Wow, he felt so amazing. This was the game he was looking for. Amazing game, amazing music. The feels are real in this one."
,Recommended,319630,18630616,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Not-A-Cockroach,Buy this gameComplete itCry a lot.P.S: Life isreallystrange
,Recommended,319630,20408218,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HydraKid,"So I just have made a one-day-marathon of this incredible game, and well….I have to say that this game is absolutely fantastic.  DONTNOD Entertainment have developed their second game and it's almost perfect as their first one.First I have to say about ""Life is Strange"" that this game is absolutely unusual, I mean at first when I saw youtubers playing this game I've tried to watch it, but it seemed to me so boring, then after like a month I red many positive comments about the game and I thought to myself why won't give it a try? So I bought this game and started to play.The first episode was like nothing special, reminds me of ""The Walking Dead"" series, like there is drama and all stuff, but you don't fully fill the characters because there not enough gameplay and there is a big confusion, there a lot blinking scenes that are ""hard to look at"" in this episode, so you may feel even a little stressful and sick after finishing it.The second episode started to intrigue, it was so easy to play after all the scenes in the first episode, you start to understand things, to become comfortable with the game, and to be honest this is my favorite chapter.The third chapter is more like the second. Nice, relaxing game except you feeling more obsessed with the main characters but at the end of the chapter you getting shocked with the main character of the game, the game is starting to get out of control.The fourth episode is the most intense, that’s all I can say about it without spoiling anything, and the last one is just mind blow, that at the end will make you cry.Of course I didn't wrote about the content of the game because even a little spoiler may ruin the whole gameplay, and because I've tried to make this review as much intense as I could :pThanks for reading!OH and just in case if you wondering, my grade for this game is 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,319630,20748896,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ameno B>4x Crown AK/Kara F&I,One of the best story games I've ever played.
,Recommended,319630,17624073,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,log off,"sometimes, after a long day of getting trevor all over that action, i just gotta sit down on my bum, vape some dank og bud, and watchFinal Fantasy: The Spirits Withinon my tasty plasma.also this game lets you be a girl, and kiss another girl. 10/10 (so far)"
,Recommended,319630,20225327,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rhinodude,"Wow.... This game is just beautiful. It has definitely taken a spot among my favourite games, I highly recommend it. Be prepared for a roller coaster of emotions."
,Recommended,319630,20697437,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ZeLzStorm,10/10 My GOTY 2015.The story is incredibly well made with thought provoking choices throughout!Soundtrack is awesome!Characters are awesome!Story is awesome!PLAY THIS GAME!(On a side note: It takes what Telltale does and improves it in every way!) :)
,Recommended,319630,18576769,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jaffa,An emotional story worth EVERY penny.
,Recommended,319630,18845884,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,XpertVirus,One of my favorite games of all timeGame Pros• The storyline• Graphics match the feel of the game• the choices you make have consequences• Dialogue is beautifully crafted.Games Cons•I dont have one tbh
,Recommended,319630,20226235,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Captain Cat,"An experience you won't forget. This is more than a game. Beautiful Art, amazing soundtrack, great characters. Everything is so well done and constructed.The story is so immersive, the world is full of life. Since Blackwell Campus, the classes and parties, to the town of Arcadia Bay and its wildlife.The game starts as a typical teenage story with a few twists but soon builds up to something much more complex, to the mind blowing and heart breaking moments of the two last episodes.It deals with friendship, consequences, morality, trust, sadness, redemption... It really makes you wonder about life.Don't be afraid to buy this if you're looking for an amazing story and unforgetable characters. Also grab the season pass for all chapters, you won't be able to stop playing without discovering the whole story!"
76561198020918685,Recommended,319630,20232884,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Barney,"An amazing adventure game filled with warmth, wit, pathos and horror. Outstanding characterization, voice acting and direction. The clear GOTY 2015 for me.Also the best game Telltale never made."
,Recommended,319630,14447455,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,᠌᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌,"Life Is Strange is a mix of the two games, The Walking Dead (Episode 1&2) and Prince of Persia.You have to chose what you say and what you do, if you made a mistake, you can go back in time and change your actions and answers.The game runs on every crappy PC with good FPS, even on Intel Pentium.Recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,33415247,Posted: 9 July,all,★Reza Pito★,Amazing Game !10/10Background music was amazing 10/10Nathan; Everybody just use me ! that sence for me 10/10Bad Ending Anyway 10/10I never had a terrible feeling in my life like this after choice saving Arcadia! maybe I should turn back there and show my♥♥♥♥♥to Arcadia then save Chloe! :(
,Recommended,319630,18375534,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,mav,"Don't miss the opportunity to play this amazing game, episode 1 just went free. It's one of the best story based games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,319630,28989206,Posted: 3 January,all,Slupz,"Let's just say I cried a lot, and I still do."
,Recommended,319630,17763581,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Vriska the Spider Serket,"A great game filled with choices and the life of a girl and her friends. It hits hard, and if you don't pick the right things you may or may not get the right or wrong answers. It is great, but be careful when choosing because every action has a consequence to it and if you don't be careful it can pretty much make or break you. I have spent the second act in tears and know I just started but so far I love the characters including Max and Chloe <3 but am nervous for how it will go down in the end. I will play start to finish and write a new review once I am caught up, so worried but I know it might get beter? Maybe... Good game that feels so real with a great soundtrack and score to it10/10"
76561198144478006,Recommended,319630,23420168,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ahyoka Maiyun❤,"This game is amazing from the art to the soundtrack. I can't stop playing it because it's so good. I love all the characters and the bulid up of their personalities plus the diaglogue. Every episode I'm on the edge of my seat, Which makes me want to play the game/story even more! The grapics are amazing, Best game I've played in years. It makes you emotional too because of how involved you get with the characters 10/10 would cry again lol. It's a must have, I really suggest buying this you won't regret it. Also pay attention to the 1st episode it forshadows a future event that will take place more deep into the story. c: By far this is my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,319630,23659380,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,iSh@myself,"I don't usually leave reviews for games, because I'm a very casual player and am not really good at giving technical critiques. So anything I have to say here is purely based on what I felt about this game.My mind was blown. The characters were so well fleshed out and so relatable, that I almost felt as if I were watching myself in school again. Even secondary characters who have no bearing on the central plot at all had traits that made them each their own, making them all memorable. The story itself absolutely destroyed me - it was so heart-breaking, and brought to light many of the philosophical issues/questions raised by the concept of time travel, framing them in a way that makes them easy to understand.There were several points in the game when I was reduced to tears. The mark of a truly great story is when you care so much for its characters, you cannot watch them suffer. Whether or not the actual gameplay was amazing, I couldn't say in detail, but I enjoyed it. It was satisfying to resolve the puzzles, and I've always liked games where I felt I had the ability to affect the story."
,Recommended,319630,23840967,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BzuX,"The most amazing, elaborate...and sadest story I've ever experienced in a game. How the hell did they manage to do a game where most of the characters found their way into my heart? I can't bear even the thought of playing through the story again...yet I wonder what would happen if I made different decisions. And that soundtrack (getting goosebumps as I write this) is just brilliant and ingenious. I kind of wish I could erase this experience from my memories, just to be able to experience it all over again unspoiled...and let this game break my heart once more (and yes, it made me cry at the end...as does the soundtrack even now).On top of that, who haven't wished during their high school studies at least once to have the ability to reverse time?I've never written a review before...but this game deserves breaking my promise not to write any."
,Recommended,319630,22176435,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hawkwing,"Life Is Strange is easily one of the best games I have ever played. At the time I finished it, I wish I had never played it. I held no malice towards it, I simply wish it was not a thing that had happened to catch my eye. It hurt me. I fell in love with the characters especially, but everything about it, from the visuals to the soundtrack, was just amazing. And when it ended, I lost all of that, and it hurt. Both going back to my own disappointing life, and the memory of how my time in this one ended.In this world, there's no turning back time. So much of Life Is Strage was about rewinding the past and changing what you didn't like for the better, but here you can only change the present. This experience was unique, even formative. After finishing this game, I wished I could go back to Arcadia Bay, and have things turn out differently. But I couldn't lie to myself like that. The scars were there to stay. I would have undone that hurt if I could, but I couldn't. And I made peace with that.This game caused me (and my college best friend, who I tricked into playing it while I was still upset about how it ended) to question who we were, and has honestly been a big part of my recent efforts to turn my life around.Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,22848427,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,"Heljnir, King of Cintra","Damn, the feelings in this game. And the soundtrack. So perfect. It made me legitimately cry, and very hard. I rarely cry, and no movie or game has ever made me cry before. This game is a must-play if you're into games with a great story and great characters. If you've even considered getting this game, get it. I had to choose between LiS and Dark Souls, and let's put it this way: f*ck Dark Souls.This is a seriously underrated gem."
,Recommended,319630,34221743,Posted: 13 August,all,faldarn,"This is without a doubt one of the best storybased games i have ever played. I had my doubts going in to it seeing it as a shallow Telltale type rip-off but this game exceeds almost everyone of Telltales storygames, bar Walking Dead S1. If you want a game with an excellent story a lot of difficult choices this one is for you."
,Recommended,319630,17003093,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ReminemRapperChef,"+ Beautiful, mellow indie sountrack. All time favorites in a video game.+ Perfect mood and aesthetics, beautiful artbrush style+ Great length for all three episodes, doesn't overstay its welcome+ Loved the character, all based on archetypes, but exaggerated enough to feel interesting without being cartoony+ Max Caulfield and Chloe Price+ Episode 3 Ending+ Choices that actually matter+ Did I say Chloe Price?+ Reverse time mechanic+ The entirety of Episode 4-  Lip syncing way off-  Inability to skip dialogue in subsequent playthroughs- Some framerate dips even on my beast machineCurrently this is my Game of the Year, and I have played Witcher 3 mind you."
76561198039866193,Recommended,319630,24437062,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,bean man,"I recently completed this game, and it was just too good to not give a review.IntroductionI'm going to assume you already know what this game is and how it plays. If not, don't look into it. Play with an open mind. Also, you're going to need to give it time to gain your interest. It doesn't try to entertain you every second, which is the beauty of this game. Strange, isn't it? ;)GraphicsThe art style is so unique and beautiful. Has some ties to TTG and the Shelter series, but with its own wonderful twists. The colors are so defined and pretty. The models and textures are definitely not high grade realism, but they work in their own way brilliantly.SoundThe voice acting is just superb. Wonderful performances from just about every character. Sound design is great as well.MusicThe music adds to the highly emotional moments throughout the story. The mellow guitar and vocals throughout make you happy, and at the same time make you want to roll over and cry. Definitely the kind of game soundtrack you're going to listen to outside of the game.GameplayThe gameplay is very much like TTG. You make different choices that effect the outcome. However, in Life is Strange, you can turn back time at will. This adds a huge layer of depth to the way you play.StoryOf course, the game would be nothing without the story. Every character and moment is so well done and written. It has so many layers intertwined, and really captures the thought processes of teenagers. You keep doing down different tangents that lead to huge unpredicatible twists, and you keep wondering, ""how am I going to fix this one?"" (My) ending was so amazingly happy, yet so incredibly sad. A wave of emotions fell over me that I couldn't explain. I'm not sure what yours will be though. Your choices do effect the outcome of the story, so be careful and wise.Basically the ending goes like this:There is no way I am spoiling this game ;)ConclusionThis is one of my favorite games of all time. Play it and make your choices. I swear, if you go all the way to complete episode 5, you will not be disappointed. But have tissues ready, because it'll probably make you cry."
,Recommended,319630,14765032,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sani,"Would rewind again, 10/10https://youtu.be/8DoSTBuzmS4"
,Recommended,319630,14580257,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Poorard Feelbad,Wish I could rewind time and experience the first part all over again.
76561197998492220,Recommended,319630,14313337,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Flutterrock,"Note: Summary at the bottom of the review.Note 2: Updated for episode 2, see addendum at the bottom of the review.Note 3: Updated for episode 3, 4 and 5, see addendum at the bottom of the review.Life is strange...Well, it's not like we didn't already know that, is it? But for Max, it just got quite a bit stranger than most ever experience.Welcome to Life is Strange, episode One. And just that is a good thing, because there isn't really more than a couple hours of gameplay to be had here. That having been said, it is a couple hours that will pull you in and move you along. The graphics are very pleasing, with a soft and beautiful tone that feels perfect for the game. The main (female, and there should absolutly be more female protagonists) protagonist is well envisioned, with a clear personality, but with leeway enough hat you can chose either the gentle/kind/caring/positive answer options, or the harsh/nasty/uncaring/negative answer options, and it still feels congruent with the story. And the story, well, it left me wanting more. A lot more. I like the people in the game (Max is awesome!), I want to learn more about them, I want to know what will happen next, and I actually care about making the choices that helps them out.So why do I hesitate to recommend this game?The publisher says that the game ""sets out to revolutionise story based choice and consequence games."", and it may very well be that it will do so in the comming episodes (the idea of making choices now in an episodic game, choices that will influence what happens in episode 2-5 IS a very good one), but right now, the world of Blackwell Academy and Max's old home town feels like it is on rails. There are too few options when you interact with the story, you are moved from area to area, and you cannot go back. And this is a shame, because every location is so beautifully created that you'll WANT to go back and play some guitar in Max's room, or sit on the swing. So this is where the game fails. You can rewind, but only to your last choice made, you can listen to the dialogue, but excepting different choices, it doesn't differ from time to time. You feel more like you're watching an interactive movie than playing a game that gives you real choices and opportunities to explore.Even so, even with those shortcommings, this game is a bit of a gem. But like every pretty gem, it needs a nice setting. So developers, please give us more choices in the upcoming episodes. Give us a bit more freedom to explore and go back and forth between areas of the game. Perhaps include some form of a photo system where we can go around and take pictures of other things than the different ""hidden shots"" you've put in the game. Give us more, because we love what you have given us so far.Pro:Awesome art style that really fits the game.Female protagonist that is really well envisioned.Cast of characters that you'll want to get to know more about.Options that feel like they will matter in the next episodes (don't let us down here!).An interesting story that makes you want that next episode, now dammit!Con:The game is ""on rails"" with very little to do except follow the story as intended.The options provided in conversations are usually limited to two opposing choices / reactions.Limited reason to replay the game (may change as more episodes come along).Very short, with less happening than it feels like. This is basically an appetizer to the comming epsiodes (we hope).Summary:An interactive story that really shines in character envisioning, art, sound and storytelling, but hides its shortcommings with an experience that runs on a set track and offers little opportunity to truly explore the (beautifully created) world, Life is Strange is nevertheless a promising start of what could become an experience you wouldn't want to miss, IF more choices and freedom to explore is added in comming episodes!Score: 6/10 -RecommendedAddendum for episode 2:So, episode two of LiS (Life is Strange) is out. The game remains much the same with the same shortcomings as before, but luckily, it also has the same strengths! -The episode starts off a bit slow with things happening that seems almost like filler stuff (mind you, it is filler stuff that the game needs to cultivate it's special ""feel""), but like any good story, the tension rises as things progress, and the episode ends on an emotional high note that is not unexpected, but still manages to lift the story further and create an intense desire to see what will happen next.As promised, the game picks up the threads from your choices made in episode one, and binds them into a whole in a nice way. A certain development in the episode also caused me to fear for the main protagonist in a more immediate way than previously, which also manages to add another dimension of ""how will this go?"" to the game.As it is, the gameworld remains enchanting but a bit limited in freedom, so the score stands as before at 6/10, but I will remind those who enjoy a good game with a strong emotional tone and interesting character that this IS a gem, and probably better value for the asking price than most games I would rate as a 6 out of 10.Addendum for episode 3, 4 and 5:So, the rest of LiS has launched, and I have to say, it got better and better for the most part. There are some emotional gut-punches, some unexpected plot twists and a couple cliffhangers. And two drawbacks, one small, one big. The small one should come as no surprise as it is the same as with every other game that sucks you in: it was over far too soon, and the ending could have been more complete.The big drawback is, without giving anything of the plot away, a large segment just before the end which felt as it had been tacked on, just to give the players a little more to do in an episode that is, largely, ""on rails"". Said segment simply didn't fit into the overall theme I felt.Even with this in mind, I would say that this game deserves an updated score. If I could overlook the flaws the game has (look above for the details), I could easily score it as an 8 or even a 9 for the soundtrack, the ""feel"" of the game and the unique art style. However, with the aforementioned flaws, I can only justify a 7/10 score, which is a shame since this game is an unique gem well worth picking up.For more recomendations and reviews:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/strandedkerbonaut#curation"
,Recommended,319630,30905557,Posted: 2 April,all,RunOrShoot?,"Rolling back the minutesThe role of storytelling within video games is a popular topic these days. Personally I enjoy a game with a strong narrative as much one that’s all about mindless shooting; there’s room for all manner of games as far as I’m concerned. Dontnod deserve credit for their efforts in this area. In LIFE IS STRANGE they have attempted to create a story-rich experience that requires the player to engage with the narrative and to make moral and ethical judgments and then act upon them. The developers have made much of the fact that the player must make choices, some of which may be difficult to make. So far so good. However, although LIS does have an engaging story, and there are indeed choices to be made, neither aspect of the game quite lives up to the promise. In their (laudable) efforts to cover as many themes as possible (drugs, bullying, domestic violence, et al.) they’ve bitten of more than they can chew and as a result the main story line suffers. The first couple of episodes are somewhat slow and uninvolving due to a lack of focus. Also, during the early stages of the game, many of the tasks required of the player are trivial, and some are pointless, having little or no bearing on the overall story (in fairness to the developers they do acknowledge this fact in ironic fashion towards the end of the game). Not until you reach the midpoint of the game does it really find its stride, and the main story begin to assert itself in the manner required to carry the game forward. There is also the matter of the choices to consider. I won’t explain my misgivings with this aspect of the game because it could be considered a spoiler of sorts. Suffice it to say, if you decide to play LIS (and I recommend that you do) you will probably work out for yourself where the game falls short in this area. Again, in fairness to Dontnod, I can see how the current constraints of the medium might have limited their options, but I still think that this aspect of the game could have been more fully developed. Having said all this I still enjoyed playing LIS and you would have to have a heart of stone not to be affected by it at times. It looks good, and the painterly style of the graphics suits the game well. The voice acting is solid throughout and it has an excellent soundtrack, including a memorably melancholic opening song (To All of You by Syd Matters). LIS may not quite live up to its potential but it’s still a good attempt to make a narrative-rich gaming experience and I would have given it a 4/5 rating were it not for the shortcomings noted here. Oh, and how about a sequel, Dontnod? It would be interesting to see how Max uses her gift in her adult years. 3.5/5"
,Recommended,319630,15169718,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Super Bad Wolf♛,"Wow... i have to be honest guys i didn't expect my first review to be a review for a game like this.But seriously  the game is amazing the story really grabs you and the visual graphics are outstanding !I can assure you guys once you start playing this game and get grabbed by the story of Max you will be wanting more.This will make you get the Season Pass which is totally worthed :) This game is 100% satisfying and totally worth it's price.'' Its like reading a book, watching a movie and playing a game all at the same time ! ''"
76561198012070982,Recommended,319630,17197230,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Boogaloobob,Very original game. It's time manipulating mechanisms work great and the story is immersive.One of the best games I played in a long time. Very good soundtrack and voice acting. The gameworld is coherent and the atmosphere consistent. I really love it.
76561198168571443,Recommended,319630,17725164,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,frostfire811,"I only have one thing to say,its awesome. The scenery in the game is amazing and with the soothing music in the background just enhances the relaxing feeling when playing the game. Also one of the best story rich games ever."
,Recommended,319630,18762408,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Inactive Blowp,Im sorry. Some choices you just cant rewind. Buying this game was not a mistake. The mistakes I made in this game is unforgivable. Im sorry people of Arcadia bay.
,Recommended,319630,19691026,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CyberSpidey,"I kissed a girl, I liked it. Probably the best story based game I've played, like ever. Refreshing visual style.Moral of the Story: Never trust the photographer."
,Recommended,319630,23374178,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Vanashis,"I fell in love with this game and the characters, as well as the ability to choose and experience the consequences of each choice. Next, I became somewhat (totally) traumatized by the end of episode three (time travel suddenly seriously sucked). As a huge quantum mechanics fanatic, the storyline fascinated me and the depth of it all was incredible, including having your choices all the way back from episode 1 come to haunt you in episode 5, no matter how good your intentions may have originally been; this is a game that will stick with me forever. The only con was the overuse of ridiculous slang in the first episode, but that thankfully becomes less frequent as the episodes progress! I cried a few times... bawled my eyes out once, and wish I could go back and experience the whole thing over for the first time again."
,Recommended,319630,23400607,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,marky,"A rich story based episodic game, that will keep you on the edge of your seat.This is one of the games that you will have to play to truly understand why people talk so much about it.Amazing soundtrack, still listening to most of the songs today (almost a year after the games last episode)I would highly recommend you to try this game if you like episodic games, such as Telltales The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us etc.DONTNOD Entertainment did a job with the choices that you have to make throughout the game as unlike some Telltale games, what you choose will affect the characters in the game and the outcome in the ending and during the game.I would strongly recommend that you buy a box of tissues as they might be required while playing this master piece of a game!I pre-ordered this game a few weeks before the first episode, after watching the Episode 1 trailer it gave me goose bumps which returned during the entire time playing the game.Overall I absolutely love this game and cannot recommend it enough!Can't wait to see what DONTNOD Entertainment come up with next."
76561198088183966,Recommended,319630,21272508,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,PissMyAss,Epic plot !!!!It's like to watch another Nolan film.
76561198002807172,Not Recommended,319630,18581355,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,yonky,Nope no no no no noyou can't do this with the gameyou can't betray the long wait we had to endureChoices mattering? I've come not to expect these type of games to actually put our choices into the outcome so its finebut the quality of ep.5 was soooooo underwhelmingnone of the story mattered at allWhat we said to david didn't matterThose we saved on the way to the diner didn't matter cause we'll rewind it a few moments later.and the nightmare sequence? Reviewing used material for 30+minsAnd the ending. One of the two endings were basically just boom and credits. No info whatsoever.The other one on the other hand just makes our time spent not gratified at all.Do I recommend this game? Yes.But Dontnod really could have done a much better job with the last episode.All the hype just vanished.
,Recommended,319630,14292842,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Moseskarada,"I purchased this game completely on a whim. I thought, ""It's only $5 and it's published by Square Enix. I'll give it a chance."" I am thoroughly elated that I did. While the first episode is only 2 hours. I've played and replayed it 4 times now to collect extra things and to see where other choices lead. While your choices might not completely alter events as you progress, it does alter the dialogue. And in some parts you'll only find out backstory pieces if you select certain things. Please consider purchasing this and support more video games like this to be made. I'm off to play through one more time and hope the second episode comes out earlier than March."
,Recommended,319630,14242796,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,PokoPow,"OMGGGGGGGGGG I LOVE THIS GAME!walaupun gw belum mainin sampe tamat dan baru sebentar aja, gw udah jatuh cinta sama ini game.story,voice acting dan soundtracknya, YAP !!sountracknya itu loh!!!! <3Love it!"
,Recommended,319630,23483435,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,阿一古,神一般的作品，劇情非常有意思，風格也是非常不錯，再配上動聽的背景音樂，買買買！！！
,Recommended,319630,14490329,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Somoon,every bit in this game is awesome
,Recommended,319630,28128738,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,.Legion,"I was ambivalent towards this before. Since episode 1 was free,  i said why not. Now i got hooked by the soundtrack and the intriguing story paths. Or maybe its the autumn light or the artwork. I dunno. I Bought all 5 episodes and this will be my nice secondary game. (l4d2 is my primary)"
76561198071241046,Not Recommended,319630,27794873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bigbangboom,After playing this game I realised that none of you actions mean anything and text options almost always result in the general response. I mean it was average at best but not the Overwhelmingly Positive worthy. Not to mention it has time travel which automatically results in paridoxs and impossibilties that they don't try to adress. It's ehhhhhhhhhh.
,Recommended,319630,14235076,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ItsGime,A cinematic choice/consequence type game in similar fashion of the telltale games. This one is slightly better and feels more personal. The story starts out huge and ends huge. Characters are likeable and hateable.. there is the feeling of a true connection and development between them. That's about all I'm going to say because the game is an experience to either watch or play yourself.http://www.twitch.tv/itsgime/b/617839945Full gameplay video above! Please follow if you enjoy it.
,Not Recommended,319630,18580848,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,"- Choices don't actually matter;- Generic plot ""twist"";Artsy lesbian teenage drama: Butterfly Effect edition / 10Wish i could go back in time and stop myself from pusrchasing this."
76561198073971189,Recommended,319630,17578165,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ABO7MEAD,good  game
76561198057672288,Recommended,319630,18784728,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,tonytony_tony97,"I just completed the game, and I have to say that it is incredible; I've never cried over a game before, until now. I really want to play it over again, but I legitimately feel emotionally damaged by this game right now because it really hit me right in the feels. Even though time-travel is a large aspect to the game's mechanics, the game is so much more than that. You get to explore how you as a person can influence and affect other people's lives, leading to some pretty heartbreaking choices at times. The power of time-travel just makes the process much more interesting. I remember debating whether or not I should buy the whole game after reading the disappointment over how the ending played out. I was glad I decided to buy the game anyway , and I would gladly rewind and drop $20 for this game again. The soundtrack is incredible; I found myself loving the music no matter what, and it wasn't even a genre of music I normally listen to. Kudos to whoever managed he music for this game. The side that people are complaining about is generally the part about the 5th episode. But that itself is an aspect of life. Nothing is perfect, and you can't always be happy with the choices made. The dialougue for the finale is rather lengthy, however, considering it is basically an interactive tv show, I don't understand why there is suprise for that. The satisfaction of playing this game greatly outweighs the cons. This game will be in my mind for days to come."
76561197970623173,Recommended,319630,17279317,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mictom,"In 28 years of gaming experience, I have to say that his game is by far the most emotional intense game I have ever played.  It starts with the audio, the soundtrack especially, and it ends with the superb story. Since episode one, I'd wish I could fast forward time in real life just to get to the last episode.I wont give any spoilers - just get the game, play alone at night and get a drink or two. It's well worth some careful preparation for immersing yourself into the rich atmosphere."
,Recommended,319630,28062970,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rick C137,"I'm just starting Episode 4 and I paused the game to write this review.I've played a lot of good games and I love good stories. And this thing has an awesome story.I dunno what happens in EP4 and EP5 yet. But based on just the experience provided by the first three, I advice you to buy all the episodes if you love good stories.Gameplay wise, there isn't a lot of stuff that you can do other than taking decisions. But it isn't that kind of game. Think of it more like an interactive animated movie where you can choose how the story goes."
,Recommended,319630,14320506,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","Played the Episode 1 twice  and can't wait for the 2nd  and 3rd and 4th and 5th and more more and more.This drives me crazy also very excited like it was with Walking Dead.Roots are well known American county life of a teenager girl and the neighbourhood with  its day by day routine and all of the dramas in and out of school.What makes it different , Max has a gift and not the one her teacher mentions, am talking about her  supernatural power as she can rewind the time.Motions and 3D animations are well put and songs with cool music along with variety of choices of her action makes it re-playable as  choices effects the story. All in all interactive,exciting,emotional and spiritual.That is it as i don't want to spoil anything , just get the god damn thing and you'll be thankful."
,Recommended,319630,30124086,Posted: 23 February,all,Happy,;-;
,Recommended,319630,18780516,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LsRI,This game was really eye opening in turms of narrative gameplay and game design.It was beautifully paced and characters were developed to the point where you would almost cared about everyone you met. You had enough freedom to go out and explore your environment without going off track.For it's genre. it was probably the best i've played.
,Recommended,319630,17481985,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,StickyKees,"Dude. This game is NOT what the first episode had me thinking. it's MUCH better than what Telltale's been putting out, and the story is so engrossing, you can find yourself talking abotu it with your friends and speculating for hours.10/10 would play agian and with different choices. and by the way. THEY DO MATTER."
76561197991283580,Recommended,319630,18126916,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Always an even exchange,"There really isn't a good way to describe the allure of Life is Strange. It's a mystery, but that's not why you should play it. It's a slice of life, but the term begs an impossible comparison to other slice of life media.Life Is Strange is a game about choices, which is nothing new. The plot has caught some people off guard, but people who consume a lot of media won't find much here that hasn't been done before. I suspect that, following episode 5's release, I'm not going to be left with any profound thoughts about the nature of humanity or existance that change my view on anything. That's not what makes this game endearing.The value here is in a whole that is profoundly superior to the sum of its parts. As a highly critical consumer, it is easy for small errors to tear me out of the experience. LIS has little errors in droves, to the point that listing them all would make me sound spiteful. There are animation quirks, sound issues, lip synching issues, and unintuitive puzzle mechanics. If I was reviewing any specific part of this game, I would give it a much lower score than I do now.Thankfully, I get to review it as what it is. And what it is, in my mind, is an almost unnervingly personal take on the process of coming into one's own. While I started episode one getting hung up on every little flaw, that quickly began to melt away in the face of how alive the whole experience was. I wasn't being blown away by the gameplay, or the spectacle, but just by the fact that it all felt so real. The characters are filled with the personal desires and inner conflicts that allow one to manifest humanity. Every thing that you're allowed to interact with reflects so personally on Max and those around you that it's impossible not to empathize with the MC.The art style and pacing feed into the feel brilliantly, with a flow that's surreal enough that your suspension of disbelief is hardly challenged. Even the songs that are chosen for the montage sections are lovingly placed, fitting in both feeling and lyrics.8/10 is my tentative rating. When I finish episode 5, this has the potential to go up or down a point. Regardless of what happens, I will say that I enjoyed this game. Maybe more than I've enjoyed a game in a long time. And that feeling of simple pleasure is exactly why I think you should play Life Is Strange."
76561198233919248,Recommended,319630,19109354,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,awesome,This game is outstanding
,Recommended,319630,14730521,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,demeter625,"An interesting concept with heaps of things to look at, creating an atmosphere. Great soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,319630,17453313,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,RWakko,"If you don't like reading texts written by non-native English speakers, or if you just don't like reading... then go straight to the last line of this review. :)Ok, I've just finished episode 4 and I have no doubt I wouldn't be wasting my time writing this review if episode 5 was already released, 'cause I would be playing. First, I'd say that if every game was like Life is Strange, then I wouldn't have the will to read any book anymore.Life is Strange probably has the richest story content I've seen in my life when playing games. If you are looking for a great story and immersion, this may be the best choice for you.Synopsis: You control Max Caulfield, a photography student who discovers she has the power to rewind time. Your main mission is to solve the mistery about a missing student called Rachel Amber. With the aid of your power to rewind time, you can change the story and make decisions that may change your destiny and other characters' destiny as well.CONS:-Easy and few puzzles.- You are going to cry. Don't pretend you're that heartless and tough.- Unless you are crazy about puzzles and don't feel comfortable if people may see you cry, none.PROS:- Easy and few puzzles.- You are going to cry.- Great story. I mean seriously great.- Soudtrack is awesome and fits perfectly to the game and characters. Be careful though, you may end up spoiled by some song. Don't listen the whole stuff before you play.- Very nice graphics. I dont' mean movie-like, but your eyes will feel pleased while playing - promise.- Almost everything you choose will change the future. Or past, or whatever. This is great, I expect it will lead to a lot of possible endings.Personally, because of this game I get to myself thinking how my deeds may affect people around me, specially my beloved ones. The difference is I can't go back in time and change something if I wanted to. Then I found out that this game may also leave us a message to choose wisely what we are doing with our lives. And our families, friends or lovers.I definitely recommend Life is Strange, unless you are really NOT into games for their story content."
,Recommended,319630,19471449,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jeka,"Beautiful and really emotional game. Cried like a baby at the ending.Really big plus to-Soundtrack-Artwork-Character development-Plot twist that I didnt actually guess-Well made ""teenage wipe"" (hard to explain)-For some reason I really liked the well placed curse words9/10"
,Recommended,319630,18580670,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vextil,"10/10, best game I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,17207694,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Shadow Walker,This game is super awesome. Really nice story and art style :)
,Recommended,319630,17480975,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Anna Garcia,10/10 because...because...EMOTIONS.
,Recommended,319630,17487130,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Adam Klaassen,"first off id like to say this is the first review iv ever posted.thats how good this game was.>by the end of the first episode,i was hooked.>by the end of the second episode,i was in tears.>by the end of the third episode, i was questioning the choices i make in game.>by the end of the fourth episode,i was questioning the choices i made in life.this game will fill you with every emotion possible,but even the manliest of men will bawl thire eyes out at this game"
,Recommended,319630,17495479,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Revise,"What the HELL are you doing with your LIFE??? Stop reading the damn reviews and buy this MASTERPIECE, 100% you wont regret, THIS game is life changing, wouldn´t find game worth of you money more then this one, BUY IT, enjoy it. And ofc. share the love. THX god for DONTNOD. 11/10 belongs on top of the games i´ve played and on top of the games ever created.and ""Sorry for bad english"". + ""Have a nice day sir/miss."""
,Recommended,319630,17377694,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Darth Mertz,"Can someone please rewind so I can experience this again for the first time?!In all seriousness, though, everyone needs to play this game.Pros:- Likeable, human characters- Detestable, human characters- Your decisions influence the story- Gets you right in the feelsCons:- WHAT IS REALITYPlay this game. Play it now. And then play it again. 11/10"
76561198118338337,Recommended,319630,16522304,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nyx,"It's amazing that other game companies wanted to change the whole concept of Life Is Strange such as putting in more action, making the main character a guy but, Square Enix didn't want to anything. They left DONTNOD with their project and let it set sail, the way they wanted. Which honestly, was the best idea ever because this game is brilliant, in more than one way. The design, characters, consequences of choice and just the story makes this game replayable worthy. This game also, brings a few tears so be prepared if you choose a bad choice and things go the way you don't want.The setting of the game is of a school student, and what I find most interesting and somewhat relatable is what the characters are going through. This isn't your typical game where characters spout a few swear words here and there but, they say it often. The thing that I like the most about this game is the main character; Max (Maxine) Caulfield--she isn't your typical busty, overly make up wearing, /popular/ (in school) kid, kind of girl. She's just... average.She's a photography enthusiast (camera nerd more like), and her tendency to not hand in a piece of work where her teacher is expecting very high of her is very relatable, to most of us.Being able to rewind time is a unsual concept but, this game does it well. It isn't sloppy as it may look, it's actually really smooth--and it's a lifesaver when you feel as if you've chosen a bad choice. It's always so daunting getting things such as ""this will have consequences"" with the choice you've chosen to take but the thing is in this game, it specifies that the choices you make will effect the past, present and future.There are some puzzles in this game, and there are some things to look out for (such as preventing someone getting hit, or other), they're not too challenging, but when you forget that you can rewind time and the things around you revert back into its previous position while you're somewhere else or doing something else can get you off guard. It definitely happened to me on more than one occasion; which was fine--it simply took a few trial and errors.Another thing that I extremely like about this game is the relationships and the small things you can do to help these people in their class (whether it being sciencehint hint), social groups, even small fights they have with one another. The other students in this game (aside from you) have that stereotypical role in the school; you've got the nerds, jocks, cheerleaders, popular and the unpopular.The art style, music, voice acting, and portrayl of each individual characters give Life Is Strange a new feeling, it gives it that something more than from what other games have tried to incorporate manipulating time as a power. I think what ties it all, is the fact that the power Max Caulfield has, is something she has yet to fathom, or understand how to use it effectively.If you're going to play this game,pay attentionto the things around you, and things you can look at. There are some crucial and significant items that link with the main story (such like at the end of episode 2...).I /absolutely/ recommend this game. It's worth it. It's one of my favourite games that is similar to T.W.A.U and T.W.D.I am sure there'll be more than one, even two times where you'll go: ""the struggle is real"" or ""this is the most hardest decision ever"". This game is absolutely stunning and whatsmore, it has plot twists. And I mean PLOT TWISTS. You never actually know who the good or bad person is until you get down into the nitty-gritty of the game (which is up to episode 4 honestly)."
76561197985367184,Recommended,319630,29786654,Posted: 8 February,all,Trake,"Wow... just wow.  Having grown into my adulthood with video games, I find it increasingly difficult to find one's that capture me.  I've come to find that player building and storyline are the most important pieces, with a sprinkling of puzzles, and the quintessential gameplay/music/visuals aspects of video games as an inherently important backbone.  The story of this one draws you in immediately with just enough interactive, exploratory gameplay to make this more than one of those ""choose your adventure"" books from the 80s.  Pick it up - the first episode won't even cost you.  Highly recommend, on sale or not."
,Recommended,319630,18578315,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Helpful Banana,"I don't think that any review I write will ever do this game justice. I did not expect much out of Life is Strange. I began the game thinking it would be little more than high school drama overpacked with cliches, but the concept seemed interesting enough to be worth trying.I have never been more pleased to be wrong.The game's story rose to incredible heights that I never expected it to rise to. The more the mystery unraveled, the more hooked I became. I was on the edge of my seat by the end of Episode 2, and it just got better and better from there. The story had several twists I never would've expected, was emotionally gripping and heartwrenching, and it felt like the choices made actually mattered.The only drawbacks that I felt toward the game were related to the endings, as I felt one obviously had more depth than the other. Additionally, it felt that some subplots to the story were touched on yet not detailed later, so I wish we had been given more information regarding certain characters in the story to add more substance.All in all, however, Life is Strange is a brilliant game that I unexpectedly enjoyed to an immense degree. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a mysterious, interesting story complete with a rollercoaster of emotions, fun characters, and impactful choices."
,Recommended,319630,18589292,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[CoRe] Interpreter,This is not a game for everyone. But if it is for you - and I hope it is - you will most certainly have an unforgettable experience you won't find anywhere else.
,Recommended,319630,18113746,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Xanthey Belmont,"I got this game on sale thinking ""oh it's just another Walking Dead rip-off, but it's cheap so sure."" I couldn't have been more wrong. While this game does play similarly to the Walking Dead series, it's nothing like it. The story grabbed me, the characters felt real to me, and the setting is both amazing and strange. Graphics are plenty good enough, and the sound is just phenomenal. 10/10, will replay several times for different outcomes."
76561198053647077,Recommended,319630,15764320,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,strenuus,"In one word. YES. HIGHLY reccomend. I've played the two episodes 4 times each, all were highly entertaining. It's thoughtful, elegant, and you have consequences when you water a damn plant! If that's not suspense, I don't know what is. The music is AMAZING. Some of the best I've heard for a game ever. Really mood setting and ambient. This is a game you MUST have in your collection. It's $20 for 5 episodes, and 3 of them aren't even out yet and look at all the positive reviews... you know it's only going to get better! It's worth the investment, that's all there is to it.GET IT. You won't regret it. Unless you don't water the plant, then you might."
76561198158215859,Recommended,319630,14381146,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,StuffyGamer,This game is too good for words to dedscribe it
,Recommended,319630,14272549,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nikkie,"I've only played two hours of this game so far, currently on the first of five chapters, but it's probably the best £15.99 I've spent in a while.Not only is this game cheap and great value, but it's both easy and challenging to play at the same time.It's unique, with a great choice-based storyline, that adapts to your decisions, but also gives you the option to rewind time and alter a choice you made, or an action that you did.It's incredibly fun to play, and is a forgiving game.Pros:-Unique game with a good story, beautiful graphics and music and decent voice acting. (Graphics can be a little glitchy on low quality, but higher quality does the game more justice anyway.)-On a Similar level to telltale story/choice based games such as The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us. The gameplay adapts to decisions that you make, with the twist of being able to rewind time to edit or undo an action you have chosen.-You can interact with a hell of a lot of things in the game, most of which affect the future for your charector.-You can take selfies. 'Nuff Said.-It has a mild puzzle element to it in some scenario's, which adds to the fun.Cons:-Lip sync and graphics are off in places, but it's a game, it's gonna happen.-The ability to undo actions and redo them by rewinding time can spoil certain outcomes, but that's a player choice, not a necessity.-Some of the charectors are frustratingly annoying.I really, really like this game overall. 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,16869031,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AWoL,gr8 game m8
76561198047201333,Recommended,319630,19966124,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DayDream,"One of the best games I ever play.Atmospheric. Rich and interesting story. Well, gameplay like in another movie-like games poor a little. But u'll forget about that I swear.For most impression I can recommend to play 2-5 episode incessantly - u'll need about 8-10 hours for that."
76561198017437990,Recommended,319630,20028856,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Toaster,This game is amazing!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,19875851,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bigby Wolf,First ImpressionGreat Soundtrack 10/10Smooth Graphic 8.5/10Great Story 9/10
,Recommended,319630,19376885,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cler,"Absolutely beautiful. Best game of 2015, by far. The story is amazing, the characters are unique and inspiring, and this game has a lot to say. Definetly would reccomend to anyone who could get their hands on it."
,Recommended,319630,19545327,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ololobus,Absolutely great.
,Recommended,319630,16843950,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DJ Kitty,"Although some of the dialogue is absurdly unrealistic, the story has gotten me to speak out loud as reaction to some actions. Any game that gets me to react emotionally, not to mention out loud, has a good story going for it. This is written after finishing that latest chapter currently out, chapter three. If you have the money, buy it, it will be worth you time. Just get passed the dialog at times."
,Recommended,319630,16647024,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,grImsoul,"American superhero comics meets acoustic/folk music in a choose your own adventure game.The Good:- Good exploration and level design; maintains variety of outcomes and freedom of procedure despite generally linear progression- Flushed out characters; the only one dimensional characters are the mostly one-off ambient NPCs- Well executed comic/graphic novel visual style- Very appropriate selection and placement of ambient music- Much appreciated volume controls and well executed VO and SFX quality- Commendable performance (based on a mid-high end pc)- Chloe.Potentially Bad:- Occasionally cringey (but perhaps adorable) meta-game- Episodic releaseIt's difficult to find flaws in a game that delivers so well and so precisely in exactlly what it promises: a choose your own, RP-adventure.Dontnod entertainment's previous endeavor was the Capcom action-rpg Remember Me. Since then, it seems they have vastly improved their story-telling retained thier picturesque visual style.In Life is Strange, you play as Max Caulfield, a college student with a passion in photography -- which becomes the metagame in this story oriented adventure RPG as you capture stills and unlock achievements with your polaroid camera. Other than the slightly cringey forceful introduction to this mechanic, the occurence in the remainder of the game is rewarding.You soon discover your superhuman ability which is persistent and available in the entirety of the game.Potential SpoilerIf you're familiar with the rewind mechanic in Remember Me: well, Dontnod has addressed their error in having a mechanic that is arbitraty to the flow of the game. Max's ability is simple to understand and has a much appreciated consitent behavior considering its functionality in solving puzzles.The mix of first and third/over-the-shoulder camera combined with the stream of consciousness narration makes for very convincing and immersive RPG. If you're willing to suspend disbelief in this story of a coming-of-age girl in suburban America: this game is brilliant.If there's anything to complain about, it's perhaps the episodic release which makes for considerable pauses in a story-oriented game. Then again, several games have done this and it's an extremely minor complaint for what seems to be a very feasible and reasonable business model. The releases have been more than respectably timely, and as of Episode 3, content has not shown any signs of deterioration in quality. The only thing you risk... is your disapproval of the yet to come conclusion to arc of the story."
76561198061792252,Recommended,319630,16901438,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Darkhal,"You're a girlYou control TimeYou make choices that affect the future (hello Telltale)The game isn't finished yet, you wont get spoiled."
,Recommended,319630,18634640,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Konshu,"Brilliantly done storytelling in this choose your own adventure style game where you have the power to alter time and change the outcomes of your decisions. Time is fickle so every choice and change you make matters. This game by far is one of the best I have played and really digs you into the immersion, deep thought, and helps put you in real hard situations where your ethics may come into question.  This game is a must have as part of your steam library!"
,Recommended,319630,18632281,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PastryFoxy [Swoon],"Amazing, very touching with a fantastic storyline. It's better than some movies I know that have the same idea. Very melancholy. I'm sad to finish it."
,Recommended,319630,14297273,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Metzkermeister,"very good game, very emotional and definitely worth the pricetag.play it and cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,319630,28017111,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vidofnir,B E S T    G A M E    E V E R
,Recommended,319630,19828780,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LoXi,One of the best storybased games I have ever played. 10/10
76561198066667035,Recommended,319630,18676427,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,-nmsl-,if only i could save rachel
76561198256118271,Recommended,319630,18983942,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Redhead-Devil,The most complete story game I ever play. I enjoy this game second per second. I just want to replay and make diffrerent choices and saw what happens. The characters are really cute and complete you have no other choice than love them. I really recommand this game favorite ever.
76561197961147639,Recommended,319630,18717484,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Warfare13,"Really good game and story, highly recommended"
76561198017149324,Recommended,319630,19113129,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Cresdee,"I don't normally review a game as it requires half the time giving a damm but with life is strange I feel i owe it to the game and to what it gave me to review it honestly and truthfully.This game is about making choices that could have as little affect as brighting someones day to killing someone. Once you make a choice you have the option to rewind if you want but this is limited to 2-3 decsions depending on the time you took to make them and the overall pacing of the game. i.e. you can't go back to a previous scene and remake that choice.some of the decsions won't affect you right away some of them will in later episodes, If you've played similar games or the Mass effect series it works a lot like that. One thing I do want to make clear as some people are upset at the ending, a game like this isn't about having 20 endings, no Its about the story how it develops how the characters see you based upon your actions in the preceding eventings and how ulitmatly how you as a person develops. It has a lot of different dialog and possible situations dependent on choices you make which make each game unique.If you want a game that has shocking twists and turns and makes you cry then I highly reccomend this game, for the price of £16 its a good buy, I'd also reccomend sticking past the first episode because epsiode 1 is quite tame compared to the later ones.If you however feel story driven narratives with some puzzles with decsion making involved are not your thing then I'd look at other games. As well If you feel this game should have 20 endings. It doesn't it has 2, but It doesn't need more than 2 because the story leading up to it is worth it.9/10"
76561198013546040,Recommended,319630,14572473,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Arri,"Massively enjoyed playing this.  The graphical style is a welcome detour from bigger titles and the writing is pretty spot on.  The choice system is also relatively nuanced and well designed.  I just wish the protagonist didn't narrate the fact that you can change your decision the entire way through the episode.  Her comments on the decisions she makes makes sense, but the player does not need to hear the fact that that decision can be changed after they play long enough.  That's fairly nit picky but the game is very well done.  The voice-acting is pretty charming, as well.  Good stuff all around, though you might not like it if you're adverse to a story about teenagers.  That's very much what this is."
,Recommended,319630,14238037,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Heavenly Controller,"The voices matching the words is horrendous, but if you can look pass, the mediocre voice acting, and the the game's ridiculous amount of overexaggerated highschool cliches (i.e. text speech, bullying, cliques, etc.) you'll find this game is pretty enjoyable.I had a lot of fun, and for only five dollars, the price of lunch for a day, yeah, I would suggest you play this game. And SPOILER if you like time travel this game will be that much better and at times perhaps even hilarious. And don't worry, you CAN skip cutscenes in this game, so you can time travel and reinact scenes to your hearts content.I also love the artstyle it's very unique. As for the story, if you've watched Anna Akana's YouTube webseries Riley Rewind, you can't help but feel like this game totally ripped it off. But i digress...If i had to give this episode a score it would be a 7 out of 10."
76561198179553159,Recommended,319630,18717507,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BibbityBoppityPOW,"Story rich, beautiful voice acting, and an ending that will rip out your heart and display it on the wall. You play as Max, a young highschool photographer that discovers the ability to alter time. As the episodes progress, Max quickly realizes that not only does she seemingly have all the choices in the world...those choices have choices. Reward and consequence is literally a thing. A lot of the graphics have a dream-like quality to them, so take the time to admire the scenery.I wonder if anyone else feels like they made the only choice they could make in the end?"
76561198062872612,Recommended,319630,14288330,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Buffalo,"A narrative and beautiful game, nothing super surreal so far. Makes you feel for characters, even though they have only been introduced. I would wait for all episodes to be released and binge out. Can't wait to see who the characters turn in to."
,Recommended,319630,24539970,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Navillera,"I wish I could have some kind of Max's power, so I'm not full of regret about buying some sh*t stuffs on steam.But eventually, this game is a must buy especially for story rich seeker like me."
,Recommended,319630,14290894,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Robin,"I found this game out of no where, it just appeared in my steam queue. I heard ""No QTEs"" ""Storytelling"" ""Episodic"" and ""Strange power"". Immediately this game peaked my interests so I sprung for the complete season and don't regret it one bit so far. The first episode is all about a slightly socially shy girl Max discoveringShe can reverse time and (possibly) see visions into the futureshe decides she wants to be a hero using this power. The game has some minor puzzle solving elements (but nothing too hard for the casual gamer) and seems to tell a very relatable story. The art is beautiful, coming from DONTNOD the creators of Remember Me, gameplay wise I didn't much enjoy Remember Me, this game takes the best elements of Remember Me and turns it into a Telltale games-esque adventure. As for the game itself it compares well to Gone Home and Twin Peaks in terms of story telling combined with the gameplay of Telltale's The Walking Dead/Wolf Among Us (etc). On top of that the graphics are beautiful.This game may not be for the action packed gamer, but if you're into a game like this, you'll know it. I also think the ""Movie"" tag doesn't do this game justice. Gone Home is a movie, this is far closer to a game than that."
76561198066993631,Recommended,319630,16520909,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fallen Legends,"After the first episode this had already turned into one of my favourite games ever played. It has a great story and you really feel like the choices you make actually matter. Even though there are similar games, it really feels like a unique and creative game. It also has many moments where you can just relax and enjoy the amazing music and the environment. The art style is beautiful as well. Because of the many details in the game and consequenses of your choices you can easily play this game more than once."
76561197970528768,Recommended,319630,20945771,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SnappyTom,Excellent & memorable. Great characters and story delivered with beautiful art and accordant soundtrack. I thoroughly enjoyed all five chapters.
,Recommended,319630,18629580,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kaynie,Just wow.+∞/10 would play again.
,Recommended,319630,20210802,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sinexander,Just going to therapy real quick. Anyone want to join for a PTSD session?
,Recommended,319630,14851670,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,black spider man,gr8
76561198135964770,Recommended,319630,19018692,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,RainbowUnicornSparkles!,"Amazing game! Literally everything has a consequence. Watering my plant will affect me somehow! It's a little stressful, but  worth it."
,Recommended,319630,14242471,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Doecky,10/10
76561198090983879,Recommended,319630,18778273,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Camcostan,Wow My most Favorite game for 2015 this game deserves like the best game i the world crown!! I totally reccomend this game and i will never stop playing it 10/10
76561198074926818,Recommended,319630,15780723,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,KweerPrydeZchero,"I intially played the first and second episodes with a friend and liking it so much the first time I had to introduce it to my partner. After reeling from the almost 'too real' life situations and dialogue, I was a fan. The gameplay and search and gather mission can be a bit tedious, but the engaging dialogue, incredible story telling, and beautiful visuals you will be hooked. Playing through the first episode twice now I was pleasently surprised as to how much the story does vary with the seemingly minor decisions one can choose from. Usually I'm not a fan of chapter games, but with this series I'm almost thankful that the episodes are released at different times, for the decompressing alone."
,Recommended,319630,16090326,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hector Plz,yes
,Recommended,319630,14460702,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sturpsy,"This game shows a LOT of promise. It touches and reflects on a bunch of societal issues and dilemmas from the modern era, has a really engaging and mysterious story and a plethora of minor details such as the Journal that help you to connect to all the different characters and to immerse yourself in the world around them. The time travel aspect is an amazing twist to the typical 'Choose-Your-Own-Adventure' genre, allowing you to reevaluate and reflect upon what you think is the best decision to go with rather than just kamikaze your way through the plot. Collectible Mode is also a nice touch to cater for collectathon OCD enthusiasts such as myself who want to 100% the games they play.I honestly can't wait for the rest of the episodes to come out. I don't normally do reviews, but this game really needs to see the spotlight for the effort that was put into it. A recommend for sure."
76561198183792634,Recommended,319630,20147975,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Your Mate Alex,Greatest game i've played in a long♥♥♥♥♥time
76561198041994160,Recommended,319630,15160756,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Papercookies,"Life Is Strange is one of the utmost breathtaking and heartwarming game and story I have ever witnessed. And I'm just 2 episodes through. Everything about the game is absolutely terrific, a nostalgic soundtrack, a tear-dropping story, a game-changing gameplay mechanic and an art style leaving you speechless at every view over the vast landscape of Arcadia Bay. This game I cannot recommend enough.Go buy it now.If you don't like, you can always reverse time. ;)"
,Recommended,319630,24504984,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KevinFromHeaven,"What can I say that any other reviewer hasn't already. This game gets Overwhelmingly Positive reviews for a reason. It's a beautiful story, and it's wonderful. It's a hard game to review because it's so story heavy. Just to focus on a few quick points that don't involve story elements.- Controls feel solid and fluid- Deep rich story, almost everything that you interact with is worth interacting with- replay valueExcited for Episode 2"
76561198043848141,Recommended,319630,17054238,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Walrusaurus,"Engaging story, likeable characters, fun references, and time travel all come together to make this fantastic game."
76561198013256647,Recommended,319630,23304066,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,"I liked the experience. Though small things like lip sync doesn't work very well, but I was able to engage the story.The puzzle isn't mad hard so I can put more time in pounder the philosophy behind the story.Thx, I need more."
,Recommended,319630,14254041,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kebetsu,"Although the finale didn't make me feel as emotional as the previous episodes, still a solid game overallI would recommend Playing this game in one or a few sitting so that you can get more attached to the characters.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18664178,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,evillourd,If you like the Walking Dead by Telltales (Not the other one. We never talk about that.) Then you will love this game. I was very hesistant on buying it. My friend convinced me and I was shocked on how great this game is. I cried
76561198052545786,Recommended,319630,28983405,Posted: 3 January,all,c0mpufreak,"Fantastic Game.Life is Strange really pulls you in and won't let you go easily. While the graphics aren't the greatest they achieve exactly what they set out to do: Immerse you in a beautiful, well put together world.The story is truly unique and made me curse out loud multiple times. I really got invested with some of the characters which didn't make the decision making part any easier.I picked it up for 5 bucks during a steam sale but after playing would totally pay the 20 it originally went for."
76561198010775838,Recommended,319630,24366400,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,pablo esky bruh,Wishing I could play this for the first time all over again. A game that truly sticks with you afterwards.
,Recommended,319630,14249147,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chiisaika ちい,This is the best game I've played in a long long time!
,Recommended,319630,18580642,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hukdora,"This game is basically a character study. If you think of it simply like that you will have a good time.At the same time however the story is flawed. Not least of which is that Max, your character, is one-dimensional, you never learn terribly much about her. You get to learn about her personality, but apart from that her past is pretty much a blank slate. Basically the game is about Chloe, and to a lessor extent the inhabitants of the town, Arcadia Bay.Overall I think episodes 1-4 offer some great entertainment, I would give them all a thumbs up. Episode 5 is more a matter of contention, personally I would thumb it down.If you enjoy a good supernatural story and can tolerate some lazy story-telling you will likely enjoy this. If you don't, you may still enjoy it, I certainly overall still did. Personally if I had known however, how lazy the story-telling in episode 5 would be, I may have just stopped at 4. The entire episode was simply steeped in sentimentality, it went over the events of prior episodes again and again, and had little in the way of presenting anything new.For a more indepth look at why I consider it lazy-storytelling see below. I try to avoid spoilers, but the nature of things will let you infer spoilers./SPOILER//SPOILER//SPOILER/Basically my problem with episode 5 is that overall it suffers from exactly the same problem as Mass Effect 3 had. In that the conclusion wipes out the entire reason for having played the game. Saving people, not saving, making choices; to the conclusion, no matter how you choose to conclude the game, it doesn't matter. Either ending screws over essentially what you were trying to prevent. It is lazy story-telling at its finest. Hence why I said this is more a character study game than anything else, by the end there is no other reason to play unless your interested in the characters.Lazy because the ending could have been accepted if it gave some reasoning, some information. But we never learn what causes Max's powers. There is never any proof that what Max does if she goes back in time will actually fix anything. Except both Chloe and Max seem to accept that it is the only way, despite having no evidence towards that. Your choice is basically to ♥♥♥♥ over everyone, or completely give up, stop fighting for what you were fighting over the entire course of the episodes. And without an emphatic reason why this choice must be so, it seems so completely against Max's character. She spends the entirety of the last 4 episodes fighting, just to give up at the end?"
76561198068393711,Recommended,319630,18581465,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,"я не знаю, мое имя в России",BAE FOR BAY
,Recommended,319630,26868099,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saty,"Nominate this game for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award !!"
,Recommended,319630,14340058,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Freya,"This game have good storyline, some twist, heartbreaking and funny moment. The rewind time is interesting in this game maybe it's because the combination of rewind time and story game is good. The artstyle are very nice and unique too. By far best game of 2015 for me, I hope there is more episode, maybe sequel or prequel is good. I'm addicted to this game, 10/10 if I need to rate it with number. Would definitely buy the game that release from DONTNOD again.*Chloe <3*"
,Recommended,319630,18004665,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Nallout,"At first I came into this game having only seen a peek at episode 1 and I thought to myself 'Just some more teenage drama bs.'. But then I actually decided to give it a shot, and all i have to say is... wow. It's hard to summarize how good this game is in words but I'll try. When I started playing it and it was feeding into the teen drama crap in the classroom, I felt like my original thought of the game was correct. But then seeing Chloe get shot and now all of the sudden I'm back at class, I was shocked, honestly shocked to the point of I sat there for a minute trying to gather myself. When I finally started going again I realised that I could sue my powers to gain the edge in conversations, which added a whole new level of depth into the game for me. So I went through the whole of episode one, captivated by this new world that was before me.Buying the season pass was the easiest buy I have ever made and I recommend whoever is reading this do the same as me. Watching how the decisions I made in episode one pan out and having to sit back and watch as the reality before me shatters due to my actions. This game truly captured the feeling fo regret, a feeling that seems almost impossible with time travel. This game is teaching a lesson on this, no matter what you do, no matter who you are, and no matter how many times you try, you will always regret something whether it's big or small. I remember a moment where I was sitting in my chair shaking, I kept rewinding begging for a better way for something to end but every option ended with someone getting hurt in one way or another.DONTNOD Entertainment, thank you for giving us something that if games were ever defined as art, this would be solid proof of that. You've made me happy, sad, cheerful, and made me cry. I end my review by saying this, Life is Strange deserves a place in gaming history, and I hope this will be used as a model that people will follow when they make their own games. I give this game a 10 out of 10, I honestly cannot fathom anyone giving it anything lower than that, this is art, this is beautiful, this is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,18580493,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pewdiepie (aka Adolf Hitler),"BOTH ENDINGS SUCK.It would be nice if you release extended endings. Like in Mass Effect 3-ish.AND STILL NO DECENT FACIAL ANIMATION DAMMIT.But still, this game is good. 8/10."
,Recommended,319630,18596689,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ƒØRtąfy romania<3 cases2x.com,"One Of the most wonderful games I've ever played , just wow...."
,Recommended,319630,19278924,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,frozen tv dinner (as seen on tv),"Seriously one of the best games of the decade in my honest opinion. The story is so easy to relate to and immerse yourself into that some things become personal. Seriously, if you don't have the money go look for some and get this game. I didn't even know what the game was when I first played all I knew was some people said it was good so I bought it on a whim. I don't think I have ever made a better decision.Score: 10/10.It's my current #1 game of all time.Buy it."
,Recommended,319630,14349253,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Danjor,I enjoyed it a lot. It resonated with me in that I am an 18 year old senior in High School who is an Advanced Digital Design student who uses cameras alot. However the differences being I am a guy and unfortunately I cannot reverse time.
76561197974768437,Recommended,319630,19971080,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fuzzifikation,simply wonderful. I you like a story-laden game.. this is it.
,Recommended,319630,27559457,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HankTheHonk,"The Episodes 1-5 do not have the longest playtime but it's definitively one of the richest experiences I've had when playing a video game.The gameplay is very slow but thoughtful since even very small decisions can and will change later events. The element of turning back the time makes you really think about your decisions.It's a slow paced walking simulator which focuses heavily on the butterfly effect, story and its twists. This is all I can say without spoiling the experience for you.If this ""review"" made you want to try out the game, DO IT! The first episode is free so there's no reason not to try if it sounds interesting for you."
76561198128739756,Recommended,319630,15486052,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tarou,Okay.This game has many more details then any other telltale's point and click.In fact most of us going into this didn't even expect all these side choices. I'm really ♥♥♥♥ing amazed at this.Beautiful story. Amazing casts that you love to love and love to hate.Amazing music (As always by Square Enix)The art style is so nice and easy on the eyes.And it feels like these choices actually matter.So. Get this game.
76561198076311786,Recommended,319630,18718004,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,gFargoII,"Just purchase and play LiS. And after you got to the end, cry. It´s OK.THANK YOU DONTNOD!"
76561198046806194,Recommended,319630,18717135,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Syliss,A great game that everyone should experience.
76561198031265755,Recommended,319630,18718038,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Draycon,Great game and alot better story than TellTale games in my opinion.
76561198093285611,Recommended,319630,18674469,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Zero,This wonderful game has temporarily ruined my mental health.11/10 would play again.PS: RIP Arcadia Bay...
76561198049611517,Recommended,319630,18056380,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,hoggis,"This game is weath every penny. It's a wounderful game, brilliant story. A must buy for anyone looking for a easy/laid back game with  a brilliant story."
76561198179638747,Recommended,319630,17346023,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,A black man from africa,All i can realy say is that this is short and sweet.The way it can relate to someone is insane.9/10
76561198067293287,Recommended,319630,18178393,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Matt Neal,In my opinion better than 'The Walking Dead' series of games.
,Recommended,319630,15052505,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,🐙 Crisoo,"This is the first game in which I feel obligated and challenged not to miss any detail, even if it's left for you to decide whether you want to explore every part of the game, or just rush through the story. I've just discovered how your knowledge of some things can make a big impact on a whole story. It's totally amazing and I can't wait for more :D"
,Recommended,319630,17931061,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kitkatz,"I LOVE this game! It's all about the choices you make in it.. Sometimes the rewind control breaks for me and I have to restart from checkpoint. Also, when you have to hover over something to open, close, read, choose, etc. it wont pop up but you have to be quick about it. I love the story plot and the twists and shocking parts. Chloe is by far my favorite <3 This game is a time stealer. Especially if you can't find what you're supposed to get."
,Recommended,319630,18804161,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,eqaz,Almost a week later and I still feel totally dead inside. This game ruined me.10/10 completely worth the suffering.
,Recommended,319630,28094549,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lambington,"Episode 1: This game is beautiful I can't wait to play more*Buys rest of the episodes*Episode 2: Okay... That one was my fault...I'm sorry Kate ;(Episode 3: Super Max detective is on the caseEpisode 4: Wait, WHAT!? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!Episode 5: I'm not crying, you're crying!Only game I can sincerely give a 10/10!Story, Music, Characters all amazing. Buy it!"
76561198069144160,Recommended,319630,14251765,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,captainjaneway,"Most enjoyable! I find the immediate option to find out what might have happened given another choice fascinating. And while I wish the mouths on the characters matched up better to the dialoge, it wasn't such a huge difference that it threw me out of the plot.While a short, introductory episode, it's still a fantastic introduction and I can't wait for the second episode. I purchased the game on a whim and I most definately do not regret it."
,Recommended,319630,17143868,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sasha,Definitely one of the best games I've ever played. No words. Buy the game!
76561198011011137,Recommended,319630,15887272,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,thedrumkid92,"Life is Strange - Episode 1 Chrysalis Review: Rinse and RepeatLife is Strange released last week amidst little to no buzz. People weren't talking about it, there were no commercials on television or youtube advertising it; in fact, the only reason I found out about it is because I'm a part of Casuals, and I stumbled across it while actively searching for games to write about. Having heard no information on the game, I went in completely blind apart from an announcement trailer that managed to grab my attention. The longer I'm a part of the industry, the more I find that there are still surprises waiting around every corner to drag me into another amazing and engaging world. Life is Strange is one of those surprises.In episode one you play as Maxine, who has recently returned to her hometown of Arcadia Bay, Oregon in order to attend Blackwell Academy, a specialty school for gifted photographers and other artists. After being gone for five years and having had no contact with her ""best friend"" Chloe (voiced by Ashly Burch), she comes back with feelings of trepidation about reuniting with her. The game starts out with a rather ominous scene involving a giant hurricane/tornado tearing apart the town. As a boat is flung into the lighthouse Maxine is standing next to, pieces begin to fall and threaten to crush her. At the last second, Maxine holds up her hands and wakes up in her classroom, days before the fateful event of the storm. Unclear about what has happened, Maxine then spends much of the episode trying to wrap her head around the implications of her (then) supposed dream. After that class period she heads to the bathroom where she witnesses a cold-blooded murder between two students. As the gunshot echoes off the walls of the restroom, Maxine raises her hands once again, and time reverses back to the classroom. It's then that she realizes she is able to reverse time at will!Don't worry, this is where the spoilers stop. And don't worry, that's just the first twenty minutes of the game. The full first episode took me around 3 hours to beat (I'm a completionist and looked at and read everything), which is the most time I've ever spent on an episodic game's single entry.Read the rest of my review athttp://casualsgaming.com/2015/02/03/life-is-strange-episode-1-review-rinse-and-repeat/Episode 2 Review:http://casualsgaming.com/2015/03/26/life-is-strange-episode-2-review-hashtag-deep/"
,Recommended,319630,25287212,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rollergator,Lie down. Try not to cry. Cry a lot.Angst simulator 2015.Pros:Story so good you'll want to kill yourself.Cons:Story so good you'll want to kill yourself.11 'cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥'es out of 10
76561198060784066,Recommended,319630,15891564,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Dennis the Menace,"When the main menu gives you chills, then you know you're in for a treat. This game, whilst the dialogue can occasionally feel somewhat dated (I haven't heard the term 'cereal' since Grade 8), is overall a beautiful experience. This being said, the more 'hipster-y' and 'indie' style of the characters and the world may not appeal to all. As a point of reference, if you like books like 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower"" or literally anything by John Green then you should love this game's aesthetics."
76561197972100492,Recommended,319630,25228837,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Battlekruse,"Although it is a great game, it turns into a very sad and tear breaking tragedie.Its a game there will emotionally destroyed you and make you heart hurt.I will recommend it to all there want a great experience."
,Recommended,319630,25819738,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nobo,"The most emotional game I ever played.Life is Strange is a game similar to most Telltale games like The Walking Dead or The Wolf among us: A Story rich interactive movie. You won't find amazing gameplay or action-heavy multiplayer and there like here, instead Life is Strange comes with a wonderful combination of a really well-written story, a great art style and a beautiful soundtrack, all of which go together extremely well.Another thing this game excels at is Cliffhangers: Now that all 5 episodes are out it might not be as heavy as it was when you had to wait several months for the next episode, but I promise you, the ending of every Episode except the first will leave you in tears.Life is Strange is a wonderful piece of video game art, and I recommend everyone to play it."
,Recommended,319630,14326743,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ESN Ｎｏ　ｓｌｅｅｐ．,"...A very simular game to the ""walking dead"" franchise and defintley one of those games, which makes you think about life both good, and bad. but a total roller-coster ride full of emotions.what would i rate it?: (7,9/10)+life thinking game+An emotion roller-coster-needs more characters (or maybe it's ment to be simpel as possible)conklusion: great game, really chilling. Unique art style. over all a good game, nearing the emotional reality :3hope it'd help you and answer'd some questions and believes about this game. have a nice day :)"
,Recommended,319630,22409908,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,wnd <3,CHLOE PRICE <3 4EVER.
,Recommended,319630,18591499,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,L1nK.|,"BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED ! Makes me cry (a lot) with all the drama ,great work guys!"
,Recommended,319630,30937402,Posted: 4 April,all,Jumby,This game makes you feel emotions but at the same time challenges you to think outside the box in some cases
,Recommended,319630,24599855,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sierra Tango Alpha Romeo,"Great game, great story, great music, great art style. Would definitely recommend."
76561197969113835,Recommended,319630,25080578,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Superfreak8,A truly emotional journey that delves deep into the dynamics of frienship all wrapped in an interesting mystery. The plot takes very interesting turns and your decisions really do seem to carry a lot of weight. From start to finish the story hooked me and I'm still thinking about it.
76561198008420412,Recommended,319630,16944035,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,EnEffG,"Years from now, when we look back on the previous generation and ask what games set a new standard in the story-telling genre, this will be among the top picks.Haven't even finished the latest chapters yet, but I can honestly say, that I haven't played a game like Life is Strange.Highly recommended for everyone, especially if you're a fan of deep storytelling in a game."
,Recommended,319630,21711846,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tolo,"If you have played and enjoyed any of the Telltale games, then you will definietly enjoy this game too. And if you havn't played any of those games? Well, play this game first!Life is Strangeis a story driven game, and it plays much like the Telltale games, as it basicly follows the same formular. You play as a character and throughout the game you have to make A LOT of different choices ( which all seem to matter ), and the story changes and adapts to the choices which you have made. This game has however put a little twist to the formular, as your character do have the ability to rewind time, which gives you the oppotunity to rethink the decisions which you have made.+ Great story+ Alot of well developed characters, who all seem to have their reasons.+ The voice acting+ Great music+ The diary which adds so much to the character development and the story.I very much enjoyed playing this game, and I would definietly say it was worth the money. The game was a great experience, and it gave me about 19 hours of entertainment in my first playthrough. I only just finished the game last night, but I am already thinking of doing a second playthrough.Don't miss out on this great game!"
,Recommended,319630,17037139,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,REP,Unforgettable experience. Great soundtrack and amazing story.No regret to buy this game.
76561198271788333,Recommended,319630,32778585,Posted: 25 June,all,orin.bukovac.1999,This is the one greatest masterpiece i every played.Awesome storyline and great soundtrack.Everyone need to try this awesome game.I'll definitely recommend this game.Make the right choice and give this game a shot. ;)
76561198066887637,Recommended,319630,32819618,Posted: 26 June,all,MeT,"One of the best game which I have ever played! Awesome! If you think ""should I buy it?""... The answer is simple... Yes,  you should or even you have to do it!"
76561198185928909,Recommended,319630,19477323,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Welshy,"One of the best writen stories i have had the pleasure of experiencing! The opening 15 minutes of episode 1 will have you gripped all the way to the epic conclusion in episode 5. The story takes many twists and turns depending on the choices you make. Unlike some other games however, the choices you make in Life Is Stange do have an impact on the stories narrative. The characters you meet will tug on your heart strings and you will grow attached to them as though they were your own friends and family. At times certain episodes can be very emotionally powerful, but that shouldn't deter anyone from experiencing one of the finest games of this and any other year."
,Recommended,319630,27875659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jenpup360,I LOVE THIS GAME I LOVE THIS GAME I LOVE THIS GAAAAME
,Recommended,319630,32068873,Posted: 30 May,all,Savil,"The plot is quite good, with some unexpected turns and twists, and emotional connection to heroes. The gameplay that revolves around Max's abilities is also interesting and somewhat innovative. For that, I recommend the game. It is truly worth completing once.However, don't be fooled, this is a ""choices don't matter"" game.I finished my second playthrough to write this review, making the opposite choices in nearly all decision points. Guess what: that was a waste of time.Even the major decisions usually have nearly invisible consequences (mostly it's other people's comments on your actions). Some scenes may be easier or harder to play through depending on your previous choices, however the plot isn't influenced in the slightest. No matter what you do, this Plot Train of Doom leads you to the same choice of two endings... which don't even depend on what you did in the whole game. Sure, some small events may be altered, some people may live or die depending on your actions, but the story itself is set in stone. This is quite irritating, especially since the game states that ""your decisions impact the past, present and future"".Also, the second half of the fifth episode is outright awful - unnecessary, meaningless filler which spoils the impression from the game."
76561198066033849,Recommended,319630,19502448,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,pihawk,"*MILD SPOILERS HERE*So... At first, I decided to delete my review, because it was ""too sentimental"". After I have put some tought into the matter, I came to a conclusion: If a game can somehow manipulate my emotions this hard, I don't give a damn about being sentimental. In my review I mentioned the moment, when the game got me hooked, and this is the scene, when you visit Chloe's house in the first episode. The little details, the sountrack and the gorgeus art direction did it's job. Nostalgy overload at it's finest. The wine stains on the carpet, the drawings on the wall, and the photos on the desk. If you, dear gamer a nostalgic person this setting is enough to bring tears to your eyes. I personaly had to leave my childhood house behind, and each time I visit it, I get the same bittersweet feeling, that time consumes all things.The great thing about this game, that it's full of moments like this. When you just sit on a treestump in the junkyard, or on a bench in the campus, and listen to Max's inner monologue, or discover your fellow students habits and life stories.The characters are some nice piece of writing. They start off like a typical teenage/youngadult stereotype, then as you submerge deeper into the story, you discover that they are human beings each with their own problems and emotions.I also love the ""I can touch everything"" mechanic, you can get a lot of background story about places, and characters (wich can be game changing when it's coming to decisions).Ofc I have some problems with the game not just the pink love cloud.The lip sync, the sometimes sloppy animation, and weird dialogues are there, but they are not major flaws imo. Two things however, bugged me a bit. The first thing is the pacing of the last two episode. As things get more and more intense you still have the opportunity to talk with people, to sit down on a becnh or something to think, but the thing is, that you don't really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what are they gonna say, because you will rewind anyway, or just on a ""hurry"" because of a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado is on it's way, and the tempo of the narrative requires you to move forward, and fast. Those dialogues (if you chose to sit through them) damage the flow a bit.*MAJOR SPOILER HERE*The second flaw that I can't get around is the ending, when you chose to save Chloe over the town. In contrast to the other ending (that you could see coming since the second episode), this was poorly written and executed. We could not see the results of the tornado, or the possible emotional breakdown of Chloe about her mothers mostly certain death, or Max's feelings about all her friends gone. I could keep up the writing about the possible things that could change that ending, but I don't think its worth to write a few thousand plus characters about the subject.In the end, it was the journey I fell in love, not the ending (however it's heartwrenching to think about we won't see these two again) and I don't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about being sentimental anymore.I think you guys can see, that I strongly recommend this game, for the time being, this is one of the favorite games of my life."
76561198043085764,Recommended,319630,17473327,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,eq12345,"Simply the best game of the year.Meet Max and Chloe, two very close childhood friends that lost contact in high school.They both find together again when Max starts studying photography in Arcadia Bay, the place of all their childhood memories.Sounds boring at first. But the story grows, when you add insane students, missing persons, strange weather phenomena and Max' special talent of fiddling with the past.This story and its characters hit you right into your heart, and some more. You start thinking of them as real persons, and the longer it gets, the more you get absorbed into the game.It's heartbreaking, addictive, just great. Start playing it on a friday night - you won't stop once you met with Max and Chloe."
,Recommended,319630,18304199,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,educatedinsolence,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥but Episode 4 is a dark turn. This game, man. This ♥♥♥♥ing game. What starts as a fun scifi highschool romp turns into a game with the most brutal and horrific twists and turns. I just finished Episode 4 and honestly feel sick to my stomach right now. Wtf, dude. I love and hate this game in equal parts.Come on Episode 5!"
,Recommended,319630,18430796,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Aoifers,"Photographed an owl and named him ""Doctor Hoo"". 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,20015206,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Minikin,"AMAZING! Story line is so gripping, you'll play episode one and I gaurentee you will NEED to buy the others to find out what happends. This game is incredible and I recommend it very highly!"
,Recommended,319630,32891873,Posted: 27 June,all,ER,Not sure what to put here. 100% Recommend playing this game.By far one of the best games I've played.
,Recommended,319630,27905073,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,N3NA,Incredible game. A work of art in all aspects.10/10
,Recommended,319630,32206297,Posted: 5 June,all,Tim Dreamer - TD,THE BEST GAME
76561197997855733,Recommended,319630,25628511,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jupiter88,Stephen King meets Donnie Darko.This game made me feel like I was going to puke and thinking about the ending still makes me cry.The story is so intense that after the end credits they actually have to give you a link to a list of toll free emotional crisis hotlines.8/10
,Recommended,319630,26803871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tofi,ON!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,27615125,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Luminousa,10/10
76561198119711525,Recommended,319630,32651834,Posted: 22 June,all,✪ KSM,Buy this game! Thank me later. :)
,Recommended,319630,14344589,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,NotSpecified,Amazing game with an also amazing OST. Definitely looking forward to the future episodes. ;3
,Recommended,319630,14275893,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lt. Spooks,"Very immersive!I love this so much, it's such a great way to tell a story.transitioning between rooms is a little 2007 like, in the sense that you sometimes walk up to an invisible wall and you select to go there, but if they loaded any more than they did into one area it might cause issues with slower machines so it was a good choicethis is not a ""hey I want an immersive game"" this is more ""I want an immersive story""... because it leaves you unsure if you watched or played Life Is Strange, but that's ok because this is totally awesome and I highly recommend this.10/10 waiting for episode 2 because I need more of this."
76561197971025084,Recommended,319630,18641385,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Grey0815,"I've played video games for more than 30 years now. In this time there were some very special games, which evoked deep emotional responses like Gone Home or Telltales Walking Dead games. There were also great games which created characters which are very dear to me, like Elizabeth in Bioshock Infinite.And then Life is Strange came along and easily topped everything I played before.Deep Story, meaningful decisions, fantastic characters, beautiful world.Best game I ever played... Period."
,Recommended,319630,17319135,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Charlie Yo,"My first official Steam Game and I'm definitely intruiged to try the other episodes. Although I found the controls a bit stiff at first, once you play for around 10 minutes, it does get easier.I would reccomend this game to anyone, 7/10."
,Recommended,319630,18581295,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TwilightSparkle,This game is just like life you think you choices matter but they dont. Welcome to real world dudes this game take egosentirc way of thinking and smash it just like max in the end understand that sometimes you choices doesnt matter that world is not about you and is time to grow up so deal this this. Good game.
76561198082124699,Recommended,319630,18807502,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,itsbuttkickingtime,"I have never been more emotionally affected by any other game, movie, tv show, etc. The artistic aspect in this game is fantastic. The soundtrack is so amazing, I still listen to the songs regularly. Great story that will toy with your heart like a child playing with dolls."
,Recommended,319630,18490464,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Wywek,"This is absolutely the best adventure game, if not the simply best game I have played in years.It is the game that allows you to focus on a story without throwing obstacles at your feet (having to spend half of the time walking between locations), yet giving you the immersion that only computer game can give.And the story, the story is great. Often problems is that beginning of the story makes a promise which cant be delivered. Here all the episodes keep up the great level of writing.It makes me authentically happy to see how games evolve: Walking Dead was step forward, this takes best of that and builds on top of that.10/10 (one of very few I can give honestly)"
,Recommended,319630,18700841,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Siegfreak,"I had no idea what I was getting into. The game description and positive reviews convinced me to buy it but I honestly can't remember when exactly, probably during a steam sale. I completely forgot what the game was about until I launched it for the first time last week. Boy, was I amazed. I just finished the game and have to say that this is one of the best immersive games I have ever played.The character development, the buildup, the moral choices and consequences for the people around you, make this game into an incredibly intense yet very memorable emotional roller coaster. I bought the game shortly before the release of the last episode and did a play-through over a period of about a week (13.7 gaming hours in total) and I must say that every single episode felt rock solid from the first scene to the last. I admire the way the writers handle mature, serious and even dark topics in a confronting, yet respectful way. The game makes you truly care about Max and the fate of the people around her, which by itself demonstrates how well the story is written.A great amount of detail was put into this game, including the sound. The voice acting is great, but I was mostly impressed by the effort put in the ambient noise. There's always something going on in the background, adding to the overall atmosphere of the location or drawing your attention towards people of interest. And at precisely the right time the game's laid-back and soothing soundtrack takes over and caries you along, further into this emotional journey.Graphically I was a bit disappointed. The lip sync isn't very accurate and the graphical detail isn't spectacular (detail of the models, skins, ...). Nevertheless, I really enjoyed watching the scenes play out before me. I liked the overall visual style of the game very much. What the game lacks in graphical detail, is compensated in other visual areas. The lighting, scenery setup and camera work are often stunningly beautiful.I did encounter two small glitches in the game. I got stuck in rewind mode once and the second time the screen just stayed black after a scene change, but both times the issue was resolved by going back to the menu and reloading the last checkpoint. No real game-breaking bugs, so nothing to worry about.There seems to be a lot of fuss about the ending of episode 5 and even though I understand why people are upset, I do believe that the ending is a perfect closure for the story ark. I won't go into more detail because I don't want to spoil the game for anyone so you'll just have to play through the game and decide for yourself. Even if you dislike the ending the other 99% definitely makes up for it.So in summary, Life is Strange is definitely one of my all time favorites, a true masterpiece. Now if you'll excuse me I have to lie down for a while, try not to cry and then cry a lot."
,Recommended,319630,18804209,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Crumb,"I really enjoyed this game. It's use of music is what I admired most; not a lot of games use 'indie' type music, so it made me instantly relate to the characters. It's basically a point and click game, but feel more immersive than that.  The multiple decisisions and time travel seemed like a gimmic, but not one that ruined the game so much that it took me out of it.Good writing, graphics, and music make this game an easy buy for me."
,Recommended,319630,18257255,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bong Truong,"Just finished the first epidsode, the narrative is very well done!"
,Recommended,319630,16113573,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tony Kozel,"I would give this game 91% percent rating. It's iconic game just as Half-Life or Portal. While episodes on their own usually get only 8/10 rating, together they create true masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,18583523,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LessLuck,"That was one of the best adventures I've expirienced in my entire life, thank you Dontnod, hope see the next one :)."
,Recommended,319630,18545068,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DanaRedfield,"This Game is verry good. I love the graphics, and the handling. The Story is interesting. The Time Rewind feature is nice, because you can try to make the right choice.It's a bit like a Movie you can make choices."
76561198037083945,Recommended,319630,18595907,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lord Puppyton,Loved this game so much. No matter how it ended it was an amazing ride from start to finish.10/10.Worth the play.
76561198131332881,Recommended,319630,18618425,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Will Smoke Crack for Dick,The end of this game will most likely make you cry. This is the best adventure game I have played by far. I highly recommend this game to anyone who has a few hours on their hands and can keep up with a complicated story.
,Recommended,319630,18831593,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,black phillip,wowsers
76561198017744565,Recommended,319630,18622396,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,autumn-bee,"Life is strange. Life is pain. Life is suffering. Life is love. Life is understanding. Life is tough. Life is hard. Life is not something you can control, fix, or fully realized without sacrifice.Ultimately life will be okay. SomehowLife is Strange is a wonderful story I had the pleasure of being introduce to with episode 1. Since then it has brought me on a journey that I won't forget, brought me together with a fandom I didn't think I'd be a part of, and made me love and care about fictional characters in ways I didn't think were possible.Life is Strange: 10/10. Please. Just play episode 1. Just get ready to have your heart knotted and tugged by a game that can only be defined as a cult classic and a testament to the age we live in.I love this game, and I hope you will too."
,Recommended,319630,18682482,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Beth,"I laughed, I cried and I was on the edge of my seat for the whole ride.It was such an incredible experience and I feel like I knew them. I miss them so much now the game is done.It was beautiful, thank you."
76561198000182448,Recommended,319630,18688975,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,My love for you,Emotionally beautiful. Life is Strange cogently delivers a truly bittersweet tale.
,Recommended,319630,15788486,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Arte,"its full of ""teenager♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, but I like it."
,Recommended,319630,15540817,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dr Porkchop31,"I have never written a review before today. That being said, I feel that after playing episode one, I have an obligation to add to the overwhelming number of astounding feedback which this game has already accumulated. The reason for these amazing reviews is simply because this is a true masterpiece. In all my hours of playing story given, decision making games, I have never experienced anything close to what this game is able to accomplish. I admire a game that can get me to feel for the characters; I praise a game that takes that one step further, going beyond what any other story can do, making the player truly have experiences. Through smooth, well crafted gameplay and mechanics, I was transformed into the character of Max (also notable considering I am male). I was able to feel like the story was built for me, which is a truly amazing feeling. If you take nothing else away from this review, know that it has life. It's a game with feeling and emotion, and one which will really make you think about each and every action you take. It's up to you to decide whether or not you purchase this game, but remember, this choice has consequences."
76561198025553063,Recommended,319630,15724568,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Nahka,"There has to be something done good here, when I can't just go on with the game because I keep listening to the tracks again and again. And when I got bored of those tracks, I went on to listen to their artists other songs. Gosh.Game itself is so beautiful and atmospherical that it sucks you into it's world and story immediately. <3Reminds me a lot of The Longest Journey (a great game too btw) and the whole ""art student+ something weird thingies"" is there. Love it. April Ryan or Maxine Caulfield, doesn't matter.Absolutely beautiful."
76561198136003441,Recommended,319630,18283702,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MakoMashiro,Love this game  <3  Play it or u gonna regret
,Recommended,319630,19220312,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dr. Cactus,A magical tale. Simply enchanting. In a world that's stagnant with medicore AAA games this game really revived the joy of gaming for me.
,Recommended,319630,18867412,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gondile,"While it's incredibly disappointing that the final episode does not care about your decisions throughout the game in factoring the ending, it was still incredibly fun and interesting to play through this five part series. If you can manage to dismiss some of the more cringe inducing dialogue Chloe utters, you'll find a creative and clever Telltale-like narrative that'll captivate you, much like it captivated me."
76561198090807191,Recommended,319630,18140389,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,R4Z0R,"Another game that reinforces the idea of ''graphics are not important'' but the story, characters etc. Life is Strange is a game where all choices you make can affect something in the past, present or future. Simple isn't it?. The point that made this game unforgettable and unique: You can reverse time, every choice you make in the game can be reversed, and this is why the game, in my opinion, considered hard to make choices, because you can regret every single word you said. The main story is one of the best i've ever seen, charged with drama, tension and can provoke a variety of feelings on you. The game soundtrack is beautiful, great songs, mostly indie. Personally I love that kind of soundtrack. Life is Strange is divided in episodes as The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones by Telltale games. There are 5 episodes to be precise. Episode 5: Polarized will be released on October 20th. I say it's one of the best games i've ever played and totally worths it. You can buy the first episode then the season pass that contains episodes 2-5, or you can get the complete game with all episodes, it's not that expensive and you'll not regret it. Awesome game.''Hella good'' - R4Z0R  10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24538657,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sharkasm,"t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶p̶.̶ i̶ ̶d̶o̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ ̶a̶b̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶i̶ ̶w̶r̶i̶t̶e̶ ̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶i̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶ ̶g̶o̶ ̶b̶a̶c̶k̶ ̶l̶a̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶n̶g̶e̶ ̶i̶t̶.This game is incredible. Fantastic characters, great choices, brilliant writing and visually stunning. I've played Fallout 4, I've played the Witcher 3, I've played Just Cause 3. This is my Game of the Year 2015, and as someone who has been playing games for coming on 12 years, saying this game is in my top 10 hopefully means something."
,Recommended,319630,18261867,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,x.x,The First game and (maybe) the last i m going to buy i srsly love to pirate but this one worth more
76561198066063630,Recommended,319630,14348997,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kup,this game touches me in the heart. worth all my money. I wish I can put more money in to it because I LOVE IT
76561198007021041,Recommended,319630,18524720,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Amnesia,"If you like good story telling and character driven games, then this is one that you would do well to check out."
,Recommended,319630,18576935,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Chester The Smiley-Fry,"I just finished the last episode.It is a heart-touching story. I'm a 18+ male and it made me cry.This game is one of the best games I have ever played in my life. This game it is not about the gameplay, it is about the amazing story.I wish I could play this game again without knowing how the story is going to end."
76561198009379238,Recommended,319630,18692426,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,doregames13,"I hate you for making me, a 27 year old male, cry like a baby. God damn it."
,Recommended,319630,18685898,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Scytzo,Time for a feeltrip.
,Recommended,319630,19651275,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,J-Hope,"Life is indeed strange.This gamed tugged on my heart strings real bad.This game is emotional rollercoaster that crashed into the ferris wheel sending both rolling into the ocean.In all seriousness, the game is really good.Great soundtrack, great artstyle, and especially a great story.All choices actually matter(well until episode 4 at least)8.5/10 Wish I could rewind and play it all over again. Definitely a game to make you cry your eyes off"
,Recommended,319630,18605593,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,N.O.L.F.,Soooo good!
,Recommended,319630,18606322,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Los Gorditos,"I sit here, fifteen minutes after having tabbed out of the title screen, which I was led to after I had to make the very final decision, in the very final episode of this amazing piece of art.So, I guess I write this because a part of me still doesn't want to let go of a game so filled with emotions and absorbing characters, that you can't do anything but feel connected to this place, Arcadia Bay, and its people.If you have ever wanted to enjoy something so captivating that it could bring you down on your figurative knees and make you think about nothing else but the main characters 24/7 10, this is exactly the game you want.I can't even  begin to explain how big of an influence this was on me (and thousands of other people, undoubtedly).It has shown me morals and values which I wasn't even aware I could have, and if a game changes a person in his/hers very core, it's not a game anymore. It's a life-changing event, and at that, it is one that is so extremely hard to de-attach yourself from.TL;DRThis game is recommended for anyone who wants to bawl their eyes out, but also feel like you're part of a typical american teenage drama (for a while). The game isn't as traditional as others, not much action or blood/violence, but it sure is adventurous. Adventurous and revolutionary. It might not seem like it, but if you have the money, buy it, because it could just literally change the very nature of your soul. Not something you run into everyday, but, hey,Life is... weird."
,Recommended,319630,18606722,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jigglyb0ss,"I won't be telling you about the game, just my expeirence so this should be spoiler free.I've heard great things from this game and so decided to purchase episodes 1-5 and binge on it for the day, and boy was it worth! Life is Strange had me on an emotional rollercoaster from happiness to complete and utter silence from either being shocked or sad. Episode one kind of had me a bit bored but it got good after about 5-10 minutes of gameplay. You become invested in the friends you have in the game, and usually do you best to try and do everything ""right"" I was left in an emotional distraut. (MIGHT BE A SPOILER? > >) The game had to make me choose between Saving one person and killing a thousand or save the thouand and kill the one person. In most situations I would choose the many over the few but this game made me invested into the character that I had to either save or sacrifice. Whom you might ask? That's something you have to find out for yourself. I came into this game thinking it was some kind of feminist propaganda. As the game makes you deal with things like depression, suicide and drugs in a common highschool setting, you somewhat feel at home (Atleast that's how I felt seeing as I recently finished highschool last year) I came out of episode 5 wanting more and waiting in anticipation for Episode 6 if there is one. If there isn't then I assume there will be a 2nd season which I will surely purchase."
76561198000594342,Recommended,319630,18591752,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cr30s,"Play it, get your friends to play it and then talk about your respective choices for hours.You won't believe how well LiS is written and how deep your choices could alter the narration and how seamless it reconnects with the underlying story course.There is nothing more to say (except for exceptionnal music ambience, strong artistic direction and flawless gameplay)."
76561198073201671,Recommended,319630,18591852,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ozzkek,I highly recommend this game to ANYONE who values amazing storytelling through immersion and thought. Brilliant!
,Recommended,319630,19900726,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Turbou,"One of those games where your choices really matter, even watering your plant has consequences. Really good and strong characters. Really good voice acting. Story is mindblowing. Well, you are manipulating time. Things can get really...strange to be honest. One of those emotional rollercoasters. You will not regret buying this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,14400837,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Buddy,Can't wait for Chapter 2! 9/10Pros:-Interesting Characters.-Timetravel Concept (i like).-Well-told storyline.-Some little puzzles wich utilizes the time reset feature well!-Lots of optional stuff to explore.Cons:-Graphics are a bit outdated. (Still enjoyable)I hope my decisions of chapter 1 impact on chapter 2!
,Recommended,319630,18883930,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hooters,Oh my goodness this game. From the music to the story line to the graphics. It was just a wonderfully thought out game. I enjoyed it so much! I love the ability to make choices and change how the game turns out. I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a choice based game with all the feels. Guaranteed you will shed a few tears during this game play. 10/10
76561198055150823,Recommended,319630,15036798,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,NoireChevalier,"At first I thought they may be exaggerating with all of the ""Every choice has a consequence"" thing and that all what you do matters in a way but now, after I finished episode 2 only a few minutes ago, I have to say: It does matter what you do. It really, really does and I'm blown away by how awesome this game is only after two episodes already. The atmosphere is great, the music is on point and if you like a game with a good and interesting story, you'll love this one too."
76561198117486314,Recommended,319630,16989451,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Komrade Igor Dyatlov (KGB),This is the most stressful game i have ever played
76561198009745978,Recommended,319630,18050959,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,CorgiClair,I should always listen to Sharkboy421 when he tells me I should play something:D
76561198168554885,Recommended,319630,18786459,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,quinntonpineapple,This a beautiful story intense game that you will fall in love with it was the first game to make me feel something for the characters like they are real people
,Recommended,319630,18650275,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Syl,"Somehow, I knew the ending of the game would result in an ultimatum. I'd rather have something a bit more extravagent to finish off with, but I think it was nicely done anyways."
,Recommended,319630,26847875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karma Chameleon,"vote life is strange for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"
76561198084463497,Recommended,319630,17500238,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Last Phase Eliu,"I bought the game about 5 months ago, because it seemed interesting at the time. I downloaded the game, and left it untouched for the next 5 months. I don't know what made me want to play this game now, but I don't regret playing it at all. Though only through the first episode, I feel like I could play this game all the way to episode 4 in one go, and then not feeling satisfied because there isn't 20 episodes because the game is just so damn good. The music within it fits and perfectly complements the gameplay. No game has made me feel this excited to play it in such a short amount of time. No game has made me want to find out what happens next after playing it a little. I hope to play all the way to episode 4, and play episode 5 as soon as it out. 11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,319630,17473703,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Killingston,Holy crap this game gets the feels going
,Recommended,319630,28174608,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tobias,One of the best and worst experiences of my life.
,Recommended,319630,18601911,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Boomy,"This game did a fantastic job of pulling me into the story. I generally don't care much for the story of a game, I try to go through it quickly just to have the satisfaction of saying I beat it. However, Life is Strange has to be the single best game I've played in quite a few years. The story was intensive, every character met has their own way of seeing an end, there areno loose ends to tie up. As well as the fact that the two main characters were so well played, that I was able to become emotionally attached to both of them. Chloe, being my main focus in this game, was written and voiced very very well. At times she says things like ""dude"" and other, new ageish slang. Most other games make it sound almost awkward of a thing to say, and it ruins that entire dialogue section for me. This game tore me in many directions, and the end was, a little lack luster. But overall, I will give this game a solid 4.5/5 and would 100% recommend you play it. There is also a question people asked me when I was younger, ""If I could go back in time and change one thing, what would it be?"" and after this game, I'm not sure if I would go back in time to change anything."
,Recommended,319630,16035143,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MITH0S,"This game gets better and better. The waits between episodes are becoming increasingly unbearable. Anyone reading this, do yourself a favor and just get it. Only complaint: Some of the writing feels a bit clunky, but its easily passable. This is the first legitimate review I've written on steam, but I had to write it to try and convince at least one person that this game is worth far more than 20 bucks."
,Recommended,319630,16522790,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Maversnipe,"I really, absolutely love and enjoy the game and I would love to play it again and again without hesitation. It is a game that is unique as it stands out from all the games that has been released the same time it has, or possibly just any game that has been released. Personally, I feel that this game is a must play.So, in the game, I get to make choices, see what happens, go back in time, make a different choice and these choices really do matter and affect the story. There were a few times, after a part of the story played out, I just sat there with some sort of ""regret"" and I started thinking that I should have done something else instead of doing what I did and this makes the game replayable. My choices also affects even the smallest of things in the game, like what Chloe will say to Max if Max disagrees with her on something.The music in the game is really nice and relaxing, especially at the start when you just opened the game and enter the menu section. It just gave me a good feel about the game.The scenery of some of the places was beautiful. The game has a sort of a nostalgic feel, or at least a relatable feel, to it due to it being in a school environment where there are the different groups of people, like the ""cool kids"", ""nerds"" or ""geeks"". All of this does indeed help in making me like the game even more.The only problem I had was that when I first started the game, there was the issue of the menu not being invisible or can't be seen. One solution to it was to change my ""preference emphasizing"" option in my NVIDIA Control Panel from Balanced to Performance.--------------------Update (Ep 2)I just finished the second episode and it was fantastic and I enjoyed every bit of it. I really liked the fact that the decisions I made in the first episode bring their importance to the second episode and actually does affect the end of the second episode. This just makes me want to replay the first episode and the second episode in a different style so that I can see what happens in the alternate ending of the second episode.-------------------Update (Ep 3)I just finished episode 3 and damn, it was great. It was darker than the other two episodes before, and some parts even sent chills down my spine. At the end of the episode, there is this cliffhanger that just left me in awe, and left me with many questions, one example being ""Will Max will go back and change what happened, or will she just continue with everything that has already happened?"" I am so hyped for the next episode, haha."
,Recommended,319630,20015033,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MagsIsAwkward,If I had to play one game on steam for the rest of my life it would probably be this game. Great plot and characters. Kind of makes me want to scream sometime though.
,Recommended,319630,20317715,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,EXTRA rare,holy crap the feelsworth every single cent
,Recommended,319630,17566093,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Sera,"best story of a game 2015 for sure....A great athmospheric game... it sucks u into this world... and all the decision-making stuff make u really LIVE like u ARE the character....Since over 10 years, every game need more action more explosions, laz0rs and stuff to get cool, with overwhelmingly amounts of things to do... since everything else gets boring then....But this game... is so different...Seriously... it's beautiful. just beautiful... try Episode 1 and u won't stop for sure :)"
76561198118969045,Recommended,319630,20038803,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gleb,I have never felt so emotionally attached to a game before.10/10 Story10/10 Characters10/10 Music10/10 Game10/10 Would play againI wish I could rewind and play this game for the first time again.Game of the Year for me.
76561198018312013,Recommended,319630,18044471,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,rechenkoenig,"I will try to keep this as simple as possible. Don't want to talk about gameplay or wether this is even a ""game"" or not, because in this case it just doesn't matter.I am a 36 year old man and I've been playing videogames since I was about 9. I don't know how many. Hundreds and hundreds that's for sure.""Life is strange"" was the first one in 25 years that made my cry like little girl.Don't be fooled by the cliché-ish, college lifestyle introduction in episode 1 and stick with it. It will get to you."
76561198009283741,Recommended,319630,14287729,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,groincanard,"Immersive for the 3 hours the first episode lasts.The time rewinding feature allows for an unstressfull journey through a refreshing universe (for a video game) and story.Characters are well and quickly introduced, so we feel instantly at home - some may call them clichés, but what isn't nowadays.I liked the many details that can be found on the campus, making me hope for the best for the episodes to come.Just a little misguided 4th wall breaking towards the end : ""[...] we are not in an anime or a video game"" ; this sentence really feels out of place."
76561198123200483,Recommended,319630,24934505,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Pootis,Better than beyond two souls!
,Recommended,319630,33596409,Posted: 16 July,all,xRyuji,Just give them your money. I'm not kidding. Do it right now.
,Recommended,319630,28861324,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hkr,"Amazing game. The soundtrack is mesmerizing, the visuals are great and the plot is really good. You really get attached to the characters. This game is so unique and is more like a movie where you can control the plot. The only con I can think of is that the writing is weak at some places (words like awesomesauce are annoyingly common).You can get all the 4 episodes for cheap in a sale, eventhough the game is really worth the full price."
,Recommended,319630,33503549,Posted: 13 July,all,Jayviator,"Nice storyline but I really wouldn't say this game correctly implements the mechanics of ""choices-matter"" as many actiona lead to the same result but like I said the storyline is enjoyable.8/10 Great, could be better though."
,Recommended,319630,26353312,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Yui Kashī,"I realised I have more in common with this character named ""Max Caulfield"" than with any other I found in a videogame or movie.The Story line itself is just brilliant.I am happy Episode 1 is free, so we can see if the game fits our interests.Even though it has amazing graphics, reducing them makes it available for slow PCs to run the game."
,Recommended,319630,18933284,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sleep,"You know when you hit a dry spell of games that you enjoy?  You start to think that maybe games just aren't as good as they were when you were younger and that maybe you don't enjoy video games at all.  You no longer rush home at the end of a long day to play video games like you used to.  I was there.After playing this game, I'm not there anymore.This game is phenomenal.  Purchase it."
76561198163689110,Recommended,319630,18679468,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,warriorwinter,I truly wish I could rewind back to January and play this all over again.
76561197966113620,Recommended,319630,18738266,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Speed Boat Perry,Hella good game. Absolutely amazeballs.
,Recommended,319630,18806932,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DisChib,This game ruined me.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,319630,18928524,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Athlon,"A good game where choices feel like they matter, for the most part. Th ending was a bit of a let down, but overall it's a very good game.autumn sale edit: I'd still recommend it"
,Recommended,319630,18739307,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bitter-hearts**,only game to get me so emotional over a character i never met
,Recommended,319630,29366795,Posted: 19 January,all,Migue,"Relaxing game, great soundtrack, insteresting story, real and nice characters but for the most part i hated Max (main). The story is awesome in all episodes but the last one, where i found myself a bit dissapointed. Take your time, dont try to complete the game as fast as possible, just enjoy."
,Recommended,319630,20249254,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SongNonymous,Bae > Bay
,Recommended,319630,16005625,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,:c,"I haven't finished the first episode yet, but I surely will soon. This is also my first review. Anyway, this game, upon entering the main menu screen, I was fixated upon such beautiful music. And as I'm typing this, I'm actually listening to some music pieces from the game now. The game itself is definitely worth buying, it makes you think about life, yourself, your past/and or future, and who you want to be as a person. (as least that's what I think) And I do think it's telling you that your choices in life really have a consequence as to who you are and what happens with you. Because everything happens for a reason. Anyway, a must buy game for anyone and everyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,26405001,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,HuzZz,"One of the most memorable experiences I've ever had playing a videogame. Going into this having absolutely no idea what to expect, I ended up loving every minute. The soundtrack is unforgettable and beautiful, and extremely pleasant to listen to whilst working. The emphasis on nostalgia and longing for childhood is particularly relatable for almost anyone I can imagine, and is portrayed extremely well, which is an extremely good achievement given it’s such a unique and personal feeling. This game takes a lot of aspects from the Butterfly Effect (great film, watch it if you haven’t) and almost feels like a tasteful video game version of the film. The art direction is beautiful with fantastic colours and lighting which really adds a sense of depth and feeling whilst playing the game, the visual tone works harmoniously with the soundtrack and story at all points. If you like story driven Telltale type games; do yourself a favour and play this. Play it with a friend/partner, you owe it to yourself."
,Recommended,319630,18779366,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,butchtracer,This is honestly the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,319630,17284479,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,gerPo,"Incredible game, an emotional rollercoaster with well implemented puzzles and ""social battles"". Performs well on even my 5 years old low-medium end system. Only major flaw is that the UI makes some of the interactable objects tricky to lock onto, but it is more of a frustration than an obstruction.Step 1: Play Life is StrangeStep 2: Try not to cryStep 3: Cry a lot"
,Recommended,319630,15103879,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JRidged,"Quirky characters, beautiful art style, great sound track, and satisfying descision making that is complimented nicely with the time manipulation mechanic. Some of the setpieces felt incredibly tense as you repeatedly rewind time to resolve the problem at hand, and scenes where the game strips you of your ability and leave you to your own devices are especially satisfying when resolved. The story feels both large in scope yet incredibly intimate, with characters you care about and relate to.I'm eagerly awaiting episode 3 to come, I have no idea where the story will go, but the ride is well designed and oozes an indie movie style charm. This is one of the first games since Mass Effect that I've genuinely cared about the well being of the characters. The scenes where they are in danger are stressful as they should be, and each descision leaves you with a lingering doubt whether you made the best choice despite being able to rewind and see out the other options.I can't recommend this game highly enough, brilliant work."
76561198134868816,Recommended,319630,18602778,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,asdfjnadsoifasdmfnjhb,What an awesome game!!!
76561197974957504,Recommended,319630,27949354,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Heλdcrλb,"This is the best story oriënted game I've ever played, and I have played a lot of games.Just play and you will know what I mean.Thank me later."
76561198280694664,Recommended,319630,21580158,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,I AM 31163,ชอบมาๆ ครับ พื่งเล่นได้เเค่ EP.1 เอง
,Recommended,319630,26266147,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,xDevilsMagiic,"All aboard the feel train.This game is a masterpiece, that will pull at your heart strings.11/10."
,Recommended,319630,27413753,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lv 5 Magikarp,We played hide and seek in waterfalls ='(
76561198018950874,Recommended,319630,26262653,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,scotm1,I was a bit skeptical at first after playing the first episode. Thought it was all going to be college drama. But the game really does get amazing after that.
,Recommended,319630,27324519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fasrt,This is one of the most beautiful games ever created.
,Recommended,319630,25958603,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"Overall, I liked Life is Strange and it's a good -- not great -- example of a choice-based narrative-centric adventure game.I can't say too much about the things I didn't like without getting into heavy spoiler territory, so I shall refrain from talking in too much detail. Suffice to say, however, I found the way everything wrapped up to be extremely unsatisfying and disappointing, with the final episode as a whole feeling a bit clunky and rushed. In this case, the journey is very much greater than the destination; said journey is filled with moments of genuine emotion and the exploration of some complex characters, so it's a journey worth taking.Dontnod have laid the foundation for some excellent work in the future; for now, however, I didn't find this to be the earth-shattering masterpiece that some critics and players have made it out to be. Go in with as few expectations as possible -- and preferably without knowing anything about it -- and you'll still have a good time, though; the experience is definitely worth the price of admission.Compared to other narrative-centric adventure games and visual novels, however -- The Walking Dead and The Fruit of Grisaia being my respective high points for each style of storytelling and interactivity at the time of writing -- Life is Strange falls a bit flat by the end, with plot holes, inconsistencies and a number of things simply not being explained at all leaving me feeling a bit unsatisfied by how things turned out."
,Recommended,319630,33060191,Posted: 30 June,all,Arcanex,"I didn't beat the game, the game beat me."
,Recommended,319630,32967941,Posted: 28 June,all,Kate Marsh,10/10 will make you cry.
76561198319964589,Recommended,319630,33115205,Posted: 1 July,all,klcay,hella impressive
76561198059882421,Recommended,319630,30610454,Posted: 19 March,all,bLoOmZ,Waiting on season 2! <3
76561197995248747,Recommended,319630,30625971,Posted: 19 March,all,Mercer,"This is one of the best games I have ever played in my life. The story and its characters are so amazingly well crafted. I especially loved the relationship between Max and Chloe. I binge played through the entire story pretty quickly because of how immersed I got in my decisions.*SPOILERS*--------------------I absolutely loved that scene at the end of the game where Chloe and Max ride on out of Arcadia Bay together. I really hope we see more of them in Life is Strange season 2.In the end, saving Chloe was always my number 1 priority and I am happy that I got a good ending for her and Max to both live together. Chosing the other option kind of invalidates everything Max has been doing this entire time... besides, and Chloe and Max are just too cute together. So at least I can say i've gotten a happy ending to Season 1.(10/10) Would romance Chloe all over again and save her for that truly happy ending."
,Recommended,319630,32859931,Posted: 27 June,all,LimeLight,This game is the first one that made me cry.
,Recommended,319630,17430006,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Le Juge,"This game is pretty awesome. Good story, great artstyle  and also one of the best things about that game that you can see the consequences of most of your choices. You can see that your decisions actually change something and really DO matter (in similar games from Telltale Games Studios you make decisions but most of them only change someones opinion or the WAY that something happens [thing that happens anyway if your decision is different]). The game feels pretty realistic (excluding one thing i don't want to spoil). I fully recommend that to everyone, especially for those, who played games from Telltale Games Studios because it is kinda similar."
,Recommended,319630,33201514,Posted: 3 July,all,masterbonquiqui,"Life is Strange is a beautifully crafted game that revolves around an interesting story and its characters. The characters are probably the best part of the game; I absolutely fell in love with them. If you like story-heavy games where your choices matter, and don't mind there not being any combat, Life is Strange is for you."
,Recommended,319630,33204478,Posted: 3 July,all,Mugsy,"Absolutely one of the best story driven games I've played. Played this over a whole weekend which is a rare thing for a casual gamer like me. I just wanted to find out how the story unfolds. Won't say too much more as anything I say will ruin the story but at the price this game goes for when it's on sale these days, definitely pick up a copy if you don't have it. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,319630,16821212,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,eltee,"(9.5/10) (3 of 5 chapters completed)At its most bare, a modern story/dialog driven adventure game, but one with extrodinary characters/writing/ambience.  This is a game you can absolutely fall deeply deeply in love with, and which is going to use that love to inflict some serious emotional power both with and against you.You are presented with choices, like many games of this type.  Those choices will have potentially long term lasting consequences, like many games of this type.  Often both paths will be fraught with good and bad outcomes, like many games of this type.  What really sets this game apart however is the unique ability to 'rewind' and second-guess yourself, to try each branch, at least in a limited sense, and try and make a 'better' more educated choice based on that extra knowledge.Who you are, who you choose to become, both get tangled up in the deep temptation/allure of that rewind, and in a 'meta' sense, how much you allow that power to corrupt  you, as a player, plays out as an additional game element.  Its trivially easy to exploit characters once you can find out what they want to hear, rewind, and parrot it back to them, but it also can become deeply unnerving/amoral.All that angst and pain though is absolutely deeply engaging and its impossible to not end up emotionally invested in whichever path you choose.One word of warning though before I close.  This is a game that is absolutely willing to dive deep into potentially impactful/triggering situations.  If you have trouble with fiction that can edge potentially very close to hard and painful situations you have been exposed to in real life, this game should not be undertaken lightly."
,Recommended,319630,33062121,Posted: 30 June,all,Esseth,"As a photographer, the most annoying thing about this game for me was a tiny thing, when trying to take a sneaky photo of something... turn the flash off. But apart from that, I continue...I adored this game far more than I expected as I really didn't think I was the target market for it. But it's really genuine, heartfelt and real.Mechanics, although there is not a lot of them they do some interesting things throughout.Most of all, I found it compelling which it probably one of the most important things when creating something that is mostly story telling."
,Recommended,319630,33063664,Posted: 30 June,all,Zeydan,"A game make with so much love and care. looking forward to extend my Life is Strange with the new game ""Before the Storm"""
76561198118409513,Recommended,319630,33085541,Posted: 1 July,all,wh1sper_123,"First off, this is a review of all 5 episodes, not just episode 1.Only one thing can be said about this game. Up to 90% it is one of the best story games you can play... Story succeeds to be mysterious, sad, happy with perfect script that keeps you in suspense whole time to the point where I wished this game would be MUST PLAY for all people in movie industry.First 90% of the game is in fact so brilliant that only thing I would hold against the game is too slow MC movement and I would recomend this game to everyone. 15/10But, enough about good as that would only be praises...Last 10%? -bazillion/10...Before I start talking about the bad... nope, not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the ending as that one was obvious from end of Episode 3. Ending was exactly how I figured out it would be and last choice was actually moment when I was relieved that my suffering is finally over. Problem is now where they got, it is how they got thereThey perfectly pulled off Neon Genesis Evangelion where you watch 22 parts just to see the last 2 and end up with one giant ""WTF?"" look on your face since those 2 had absolutely 0 involvement with the rest. Well, at least in NGS case problem was money so they just skipped everything and ended anime,in case of this game? For chapter 5 they most probably fired all script writers and hired first 2 random people from the street which were filled up on previous story with one paragraph summary. Nothing but plot hole after plot hole that ends up in terrible Max Payne like nightmare chapters without making even a little sense to story before. Game loses absolutely every aspect that made it so good. But, this seems to be DONTNOD tradition. They pulled the same crap in ""Remember Me"" with one small exception. Putting the plot together for finale there was not even nearly as bad as in ""Life is Strange""If you end up playing when game is resolved for the first time (20% into episode 5) you won't miss anything. only difference is that game will be awesome through and through. The outcome will be even more drastic than either of the endings, but whole thing will at least be wrapped up much, much better than seeing the rest of the crap that is later thrown in your face"
76561198030566678,Recommended,319630,27921656,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CapitanBamboo //-Coka,Very emotional and touching game. Sit and enjoy the ride
76561198340950782,Recommended,319630,33181913,Posted: 3 July,all,CorentinWolf,"Amazing game, very cool arts, and very very enjoyable to play with ! I'm exited to see Life is Strange Season 2 !"
,Recommended,319630,33139497,Posted: 2 July,all,[T-W]CODE,It is just agame. Have hard time digesting this fact!!
76561198236653568,Recommended,319630,32876086,Posted: 27 June,all,12am21,"Once I reached the end of the game, all I could say is that Life is ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,319630,29651890,Posted: 2 February,all,DaHyun,"You can feel humanity, happiness, sadness, angry, love, betrayal, shock, etc.. when your playing.and the game is so emotial. If your girl or boy whotever you will love this game. Just do it."
76561198084535363,Recommended,319630,32993444,Posted: 29 June,all,Jdubs,"Best $6.00 I have speant. Highly reccommend this game! With the 2nd one coming out soon, for sure play through this one first."
,Recommended,319630,33007708,Posted: 29 June,all,MaxTheK!ng,Almost cried after playing this game. Arcadia Bay > Chloe :((((((((((((((
,Recommended,319630,26586473,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dieguinfff,This game is pure art.10/10Top favorites games of all time.
,Recommended,319630,32949481,Posted: 28 June,all,duvel,"Damn, what a great game. If only movies were this engulfing. Got this on the Steam sale and it's beyond worth it for a truly mind-blowing single player experience... I'm in my thirties and it gripped me like i was a soppy 13 year old girl, ha."
,Recommended,319630,32903903,Posted: 27 June,all,Pred,"If you are gonna buy and play this game (which you hella should) get ready to hop on the feelz train, destination cryville, and when I say train I mean rollercoaster."
,Recommended,319630,32615207,Posted: 21 June,all,tanyamindal,I fell in love with this game and sure that i will play it over and over again!
,Recommended,319630,15053324,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Richard Suckle,One of the few games that make me feel like the choices I make really matter. The soundtrack is phenomenal and a game I would strongly recommend to everyone.
,Recommended,319630,15761247,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadab,"This game is amazing and it has a truly great story. This is probably the greatest game I have ever played even though I only played the first episode. I am starting episode 2 and i can't wait for episode 3. This game is amazing and unlike telltale games, choices do make a difference.Done with part 2: So I played halfway through episode 2 and this game gets better and better each moment. This game can make you cry and want to play more. This game, like I said above, is definitely a must buy and the greatest game you will play. Now if you would excuse me, I have to play more of this game with a great story and maybe cry a bit."
76561197962104851,Recommended,319630,32415118,Posted: 14 June,all,Ajensis,"This is a beautiful game. This is like rewatching that movie that punches you in the guts and makes you cry, but you watch it again anyway because it makes you feel alive.If you're not big into stories, just skip this game. This is all about the story, the characters, the places. Life Is Strange is about inhabiting, for just a short time, a small-town corner of America known as Arcadia Bay. Oh, and something about time travel or something.Be warned, though, it's a little dark at times. It's not a game designed to make you feel happy. It's designed to make youfeel.I give this game my warmest recommendations, provided you're looking for an atmospheric, story-heavy game with relatable characters portraying an array of emotions, not all of them easy to digest."
,Recommended,319630,26107427,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Enzevil,"Words simply can't express how amazing this experience was to me. So I'll try to write a good review about this game.You're playing as a highschool girl called Max Caulfield, who discovers she can reverse time. She came back to her old town called Arcadia Bay, and sees her best friend (Chloe Price) from several years ago again. There's a lot of stuff happening in this town, and you together with your best friend try to find what's going on. For example: someone's been missing, there's bullying at school, and a lot of other problems.You decide the choices you want to make, but each choice has a different outcome. Of course you can always reverse time to see the other choice, but you gotta be careful, since there will always be a lot of consequences. You can interact with almost everything you see, and even watering a plant will change your story. You can also take pictures of special things, wich will unlock most achievements.I want to keep this review as spoiler free as possible, so I'll just keep it at that. I talked about this game with my best friend, but a lot of things went differently with him, or some things didn't even happen at all because of the choices he made. Of course, the big part of the story will stay the same for everyone, but you'll be shocked how many different details there can be.Episode 1 is now free at the moment, so you can try it out right now. The game will be more exciting later on, so if you like Episode 1, you will enjoy the rest of this game. After I played Episode 1, I instantly bought all the other episodes, because I really liked it. So go ahead, just try it, it's free.Overall it was just an amazing experience to me, and it has become one of my favorite games of all times."
76561198094212789,Recommended,319630,31892474,Posted: 21 May,all,Dalbækk,"I have some minor expectations when I went into this game, and I have never been more shocked and moved by a story driven game like this. I had the feels so many times during this game and I didn't know where it'd end.I have no regrets playing this game, I just finihed it and already want to have another go. It's a 100% must buy !!"
76561197962147777,Recommended,319630,24585842,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr. Beard,The first episode was so awesome I immediately purchased the whole season. That free first episode should come with some kind of warning.... You WILL purchase this game if you play ep1!
,Recommended,319630,33276653,Posted: 5 July,all,uditghai,"great story, background music and decent graphics. interesting game play with ability to rewind time"
76561198278265269,Recommended,319630,33328949,Posted: 6 July,all,Granzzeta,"A new level of gaming, it's beyond beautiful. It's tragically real and upsetting and it really makes you think and question life. I'm so glad I found this masterpiece, it's the best gaming experience of my life. With stunning visuals, storyline and soundtrack I can't think of a game more powerful than this one. Thanks for the Journey, Max :,)﻿"
,Recommended,319630,28503062,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,R3dwan,10/10
76561197996338052,Recommended,319630,33130192,Posted: 2 July,all,Raigavin,"""Following the Blue Butterfly""One of the best experiences I've have had in long time, the elegant and beautiful moment which kicks in after leaving Mr. Jefferson's class lasts till the end of the gameliterally!,Seamlessly blending different flows and perspectives into something which will leave you wanting more,'tis art."
,Recommended,319630,33278127,Posted: 5 July,all,TheOmegaNerd,One of the most epic rides of emotions in a game since Telltales The Walking Dead Season one.*Completed on PS4*
76561198142030663,Recommended,319630,33139750,Posted: 2 July,all,LithiumCipher,"This game was an incredible experience, between the well written characters and emotional choices, a game hasn't made me feel so connected to a story in a long time."
76561198169965626,Recommended,319630,33238365,Posted: 4 July,all,ButtlordSatan,This game fricked me up and it will frick you up too.
,Recommended,319630,33396933,Posted: 9 July,all,rohit.chawla93,"I came to know about this game from my friends who highly recommended me to try it out. So I finally decided to grab it during sales. I have spent 18 hours in completing this game.As far as how this game is, I would highly recommend this game to all those who are in a dilemma as  to if they want to purchase this game or not. This game is very grasping and will hammer your mind to think about it even after days of completing it. The background score if very chilling and wonderful and I would recommend everyone to play this game alone and with a headphone as it will bring out the tears from ones eyes. Its a beautiful peice of art and the story is amazing and also haunting to ones mind.Even after months of completing this game, one will remember the little memories they had to go through in decision making situations that is thrown at you. It also brings out the selfish nature of human beings as to how far one can go to save their loved ones(especially best friends) and those people whom they care about no matter what the consequences!All in all, I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game to everyone who are doubtful about it. Your mind may go through lots of turmoil during the gameplay but surely you wont be dissapointed."
76561198344587015,Recommended,319630,32846693,Posted: 27 June,all,Bender Bending Rodríguez,Great game and an amazing story
,Recommended,319630,18652881,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,twich.tv/Blackdemon5432,"Episode 1-Whoa, this is....wierdEpisode 2-What couldn't I save her? This just got real....Episode 3-Can't stop, must make it to the end....What the **** just happened....Episode 4-Um, It Just got insane.Episode 5-You Will Lose it!Extreme roller coaster of emotions, Teens who play this game, be very prepared, it is the most insane and twisted story you will ever hear/read etc. But I recommend this for anyone, It will change how you think of things!Best of luck."
,Recommended,319630,14723055,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Awoo Awoo Wolfgurl,"I not often write a Review, but i owe this game one. Well ofc the first Episode now.As it was announced that this game will come i bought all Episodes instantly.Now i found the Time to play the first one.. What can i say. It is Awesome!This Atmosphere, this story and all the little  details you can discover.The way how you can affect the Story by changing Answers or replay it with other Answers is just rellay good and it has a lot of potential to be played again.If the other 4 Episodes are as good as the first and will keep my playing it without a break like i did now.Well here comes one of the most epic new Games!Totally MUST-Played Game.---------------Review Part 2Life is Strange Episode 2I couldn't wait to play this game.. and yes now i totally want to play the next episode..It really get the Hype train onwoards to always wait.Actually Episode 2 was Mind-Blowing in some parts, it had the same good feeling as the first episode but this time you really could feel how the choices you made matter.At the End of the Episode you will ask yourself WHY did you choose this or feel relieved that you choose the other Answer.That really makes this game one of a Kind cuz in the most games the Choices don't have such a BIG influence on other actions.All i can say after playing episode 1 and now 2MUST-BUYThanks for reading again"
76561198044699979,Recommended,319630,33505050,Posted: 13 July,all,Silencerkev,Play it and cry a lot. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,15196329,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,philcart,"Just finished episode one. Really nicely done graphics, music that fits right into the scene and so far the story has a lot going for it. Extremely playable.Spent probably about half as much time watching cinematic cut scenes as I did playing, but you flow in and out of game play pretty seamlessly. Then there are the times you can have your character sit for a minute or two and enjoy the scenery.For the price, you'd be crazy not to least give episode one a go."
,Recommended,319630,15916676,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,DOC,episode three made me cry like♥♥♥♥♥♥victim #onlyallahcanjudgeme
76561198061457604,Recommended,319630,33471372,Posted: 11 July,all,Motegi,It is a masterpiece. It is art.
76561197981475547,Recommended,319630,15919180,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Talen,"One of the very few games I've played where you actually feel emotionally invested in the characters. Highly story driven game where it feels like your choices ""matter"". More importantly the game devs do a great job of offering you decisions with no necessarily right choice. You can make either choice. Both matter and change the future, but neither is necessarily right or wrong or ""better""."
,Recommended,319630,14279491,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The_Blahblahblah,"Amazing experienceThe atmoshphere alone is just absolutely amazing. The game has an interesting, rich- and obviosly dynamic storyline, much like the walking dead series. gameplay is well done, gonna buy all the episodes for sure ~ Shut up and take my money"
,Recommended,319630,14306217,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ephrem,"Lynx's Game of the Year 2015, tied with Witcher 3.  Hearthstone = Game of the Year 2014.  Brothers:  A Tale of Two Sons = Game of the Year 2013.The emotion this game invokes in me is nothing I have ever experienced, I really feel like the decisions I make matter and impact the game compared to most games where you make a decision and the outcome will be shown later. Not sure how this game does it, just feels very authentic and I will be buying anything this company makes.   ^^"
,Recommended,319630,16019833,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DothWeed REDUX,"WARNING: This game will put you into an emotional rollercoaster!When I wrote my first review, I have not completed the game. Now that some time has passed, and after deep thought, I can say that this game is not for everyone.First of all, you have to relate to the characters somehow to prpertly experiance the emotional aspect of the game. I usually dont care for people in real life, and just go on my daily life, but in this game? Oh boy did I cry like a baby at the end.This game, I dont know what do give it, possibly a 9/10, because of one thing:Its episodic. Thats it. But I understand why the devs chose this approach.Again, It is not easy for a game, a game! to have an emotinal impact on me, and this game just hits you like a train at 100mph at certain parts. Buy It!I scrubbed my first review because I found it to be too childish and at the time I have not completed the game."
76561198055578714,Recommended,319630,30037449,Posted: 19 February,all,Sawses,"Spoiler free:I just finished the game last night, and took a few hours to reflect on it, so I could write a fairly balanced review. The fact that I had to reflect on it should say something about the game; it hits you on an emotional level, but also on an existential one. I reflect on my own life choices, on the past and the future as I see it. It's a deeply introspective game, in that regard. You're caught up in someone else's life and problems (and they all feel shockingly real), only to think, afterward, of your own life. This game has changed the way I see myself and my life, and it's one of those changes I dearly hope is permanent.The game mechanics felt fluid, though the rewind does feel a little slow at times. I went through most conversation trees, and it started getting a little bit tedious...but the dialogue is so fascinating, I didn't really mind. The fact that you can go back in time does nothing to diminish the meaningful nature of your choices--which really are choices, by the way. Most games don't really let the choices influence much. I could tell from the start that Life is Strange wouldn't be one of those games. They put a lot of thought into the interactions, and most of the choices you make early on affect the game all the way through to the end.The first episode is a fun little taste of the world--fairly light and accessible. Things get heavier in Episode 2, and I like that. This game isn't afraid to tackle hard topics and have difficult conversations. Interwoven into it is lighthearted humor and characterbuilding moments that make each and every major character feel like a real person. The world itself seems to breathe, and I imagine I'll play through it one more time. This pure story game isn't something you'll sink 100 hours into...but you'll wish you could rewind and go through it all again like it was the first time.The story escalates with each episode, and while I feel like they reached a crescendo on episode 4, they executed the last episode to the best of their ability, and I can't think of how they could have done it better. This truly is a story meant to be read for the story itself, not for the ending. If you're not okay with that, don't pick up the game...But you'd be surprised what you'll be okay with, in a game like this.On another note, the soundtrack is perfect for the game. I don't actually like any of the songs by themselves, but they fit the game so perfectly that I loved every moment of them and the musical sequences. It was masterfully done, and while I won't be picking up the sound track anytime soon, every time I hear one of those songs I'll have fond nostalgia of Life is Strange.So overall, I'd give this game a 9/10. The ending was by far the weakest point, and even it was a solid 6/10. With an execution like this, I can forgive a great deal. They've done nothing really revolutionary here--DONTNOD made a straightforward storytelling game that feels like a different take on TellTale Games' The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, and other such offerings. The story was fascinating from beginning to end, and any avid readers should immediately pick this game up. I bought this game for $5, and I have to say that the standard $20 is still a bargain, and am buying another copy to further support this developer and their endeavors.I want to see more games like Life is Strange, and after you get done playing, you will too."
,Recommended,319630,30247042,Posted: 28 February,all,DoughbEE(2ndPlaceChamp),Warning : May require therapy upon completion.
,Recommended,319630,15774913,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Leandros,"This is an amazing game. It's not like any game, it's not like A game, it's more like a really, really good book. You can dive into the world, get lost, explore the world around the protoganist and feel the story actually happening.The graphics fitting perfectly into the mood of the game, same goes for the soundtrack."
,Recommended,319630,14773798,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Tyius ^-^,"This game is amazing. The art style is very Telltale, this game has an amazing story line and fun choices to make I really recommend you buy this game if you like making your own story. Episode 1 is bout 1.5 Hours worth of gameplay which is a bit short  for me but I was really impressed with the game. I recommend if you buy this game you sit down and play it all in session so you don't or forget any story ad also take you time to explore and click on everything 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,14241308,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,smanxxx,"Great game, it looks amazing and i can't wait for next episode to be released"
,Recommended,319630,27887809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NrP2,I got this game on release day not expecting much just wanted something to kill time with. Over a year after it finished I still cry when I think about it hands down my favourite game of all time. I've now bought the game 4 times twice for myself twice for friends. 12/10 Will definitely cry again
76561198016017192,Recommended,319630,29770198,Posted: 7 February,all,PwnA.power,"I never wrote a steam review before, but in this case I have to make an exception for this immensely outstanding game. I am not even good at writing reviews so let me break it down to some points. I think that anyone, who has not a total antipathy against this type of a game, will be pleased while playing life is strange. This game has a well written story, the graphic is up-to-date and the music fits every situation perfectly. The choices you have to do will make you think even hours later. You really get emotionally drawn into the characters and the story. All in all, I thoroughly recommend the whole Life Is Strange series and everyone should give this game a try."
76561198273222084,Recommended,319630,30267833,Posted: 1 March,all,"""When Ya Get Drafted!""","Oh, how my love for this game is so surreal. I wish I could reverse to play it all over again for the first time. <3"
,Recommended,319630,28103571,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,sim^,I need Life Is Strange 2
,Recommended,319630,27949693,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CRSdefiance,"Although it is cliché in a lot of ways (who honestly can't see the ending of the game coming in the first 15 minutes), Life is Strange is one of those games where it is all about the journey rather than the destination.  This really is a must play game, and one that needs to be shared with others.  The soundtrack fits the game incredibly well, and months after you finish the game will stick with you--as will many, many moments from the game's five episodes."
,Recommended,319630,27304697,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Walteezi,10/10
76561198215720552,Recommended,319630,28856393,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,放我出院,"Inevitably there is always something bad happening in the life. We naturally try to make things better without recognizing we are just making it worse. I have imagined countless times having super power like time rewinding, but fate is fate.Nothing could change it.Life is strange, tough and hard, but beautiful."
,Recommended,319630,27330262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GarryBarry02,Just try not to cry. I dare you ;(
,Recommended,319630,26784373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woodpecker,but they dont cryingITS notes ♥♥♥♥ing tears!;_;
,Recommended,319630,29258681,Posted: 14 January,all,G4mm4K1ll3r,A simply awesome and sad story with plenty of plot twists.Characters are well designed with lots of background.No stability or performance issues.Very recommended.Score:9.5 / 10
76561198303739174,Recommended,319630,29127239,Posted: 8 January,all,xPr3ttyAnarchyx,I've played this game 3x on 3 different platforms and still love this game. It stays with you.
,Recommended,319630,28155243,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hazardous-Drunk,"Emotional roller coaster.Great story.Interaction is nice , you choose what can possibly happen.Did I mention its an emotional roller coaster....10/10"
76561197993355210,Recommended,319630,28960396,Posted: 2 January,all,Tal,"This is not a game. This is a story, amazingly told, personal, emotional story.I never wrote a game review before but I felt that I have too do it for this one. Take a whole day off work, buy all the episods, and play them from start to finish.This is the best told story I have seen in a video game and rivels even great books and movies.Your choices matter, and the choices are hard. emotionely hard.This is a game like no other."
,Recommended,319630,28836570,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,เน็ตทรูหน้าหี,เนื้อเรื่อง ----->ผ่านเนื้อเรื่องมีความน่าติดตามครับแหวกแนวเกมแนวนี้ไปเลย!ให้ 10/10 ครับผม
,Recommended,319630,27934776,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gfsync,"Great game! Love the character and story. Gonna collect some photo that left behind, hella let's go!"
,Recommended,319630,27735628,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xection9,Girls just wanna have fun. And break into swimming pools and solve a mystery and occasionally time travel.
,Recommended,319630,24573940,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,delacrum,10/10 would friendzone warren again.the story just hits you right in the feels.Had to punch a wall to feel like a man again
,Recommended,319630,26789377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shivoa,"The best episodic game so far. This is ""one of the most exciting things to come from a publisher in years"". A slow and considered story about young adult (queer) women coming to terms with the world and growing into who they are. It's also the shot in the arm that graphic adventure games needed since coasting on the success of Telltale's first Walking Dead season and it's hugely informative for anyone working on the narrative systems for modern RPGs.Visually the decision not to chase photorealism pays dividends with the brushwork even extending to things like rain splash effects and wet shaders - the cohesion tied together with a thoroughly modern engine to render it in detail without distracting defects. The one area which could really have done with more investment is animation - the audio performances are mainly incredible and are leaned heavily upon as the face animation is very basic. Max and Chloe('s voice actors) sell the game throughout with plenty of strong performances from others. When you're telling a love story, you need those two main performances to chime and they do. The fandom that grew out of this game have clearly found fertile ground to grow from.Everything in Life is Strange is painted broad and universal but also small and specific. Everyone is a caricature but also given depth and time to show their quirks beyond the exaggerated surface. Most people can identify with the themes of the story and the main characters but this isn't a story about straight men. It works because the glut of stories about straight white cis men distorts what stories we commonly see told in major, ""all audiences"" media. It is an everywoman story in a medium where the notion of an everywoman is barely explored above a very low budget ceiling. Hopefully it is the start of a new wave of published-funded projects."
76561198261182897,Recommended,319630,25197832,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,AnkhWarrior,"Welp i learned a little something today.....I wanted to vent terribly. So i wrote an insanely long essay on how great this game is. Turns out...... Reviews have a character limit to them. So i just posted the whole thing on my Steam wall. Want my review go there.....I'd love to place it here, believe me. But the character limit...... Apparently the maximum is 1000. And my review consisted of 4 Paragrphs, Which i shortened to make it so it didnt come off AS Lengthy."
76561198118710650,Recommended,319630,27341497,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shigesan,loved it
,Recommended,319630,19996246,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Stemot,"Telltale should really look at this game to see why the criticism they receive about the choices in their games has weight. Choices made in earlier episodes effect what happens in later episodes in some impressive ways. The episodes are far longer than any of your typical Telltale games post Sam and Max hour longs and contain actual puzzles that implement the time travel mechanic. The game itself is an emotional ride and my only negatives are that it comes across a little to ""teen agnsty"" for the first 2 or 3 episodes for this 38 year old and I thought the binary Mass Effect 3 style ending was a little dissapointing. However, the game is still an amazing expereince and everyone should experience it."
,Recommended,319630,14925600,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Asakura_Allen,"After Ep5BEST GAME EVER, GO ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY ITBeautiful story line i have ever played as this kind of games, worth a try.Max so cool!Most of us regret the desicions we made in these kind of games, and this game let u rewind every thing! pluse great story polt, 9.5/10 bros, have to try this."
76561198142957465,Recommended,319630,15583220,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,sarzybby,hella rad
,Recommended,319630,27612381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chelsea Le Fay,"I have played through this game previously on Xbox and am now re-playing it again on PC. The idea of being able to rewind time is fascinating but of course, with that power comes sacrifice. The soundtrack is beautifully composed as well. If you are looking for a game with a great story, this game will pull at your heart-strings. It will leave you wanting more because you become so easily attached to the characters and find bits and pieces that you relate to and touch you in some way."
,Recommended,319630,21435321,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Veterve,"Just must have. This is more than game, this more than just history, this is diamond, masterpiece.10/10 cute comments Max10/10 life moments, real, breathing life100/10 melancholy and nostalgia100/10 Incredible turns1000/10 genius scripts1000/10 dramas and flown apart hearts(and your too)10000/10 atmospheres100000/10 alternatives reality"
,Recommended,319630,16008429,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Marshall ZondaZ,when the plot twists are over 9000
76561197983755104,Recommended,319630,27167001,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Donkey Kong v.3.0,"Holy cow! My girlfriend recommended me this game first and I immediately thought this will be some kind of rainbow/unicorn/highschool drama-fest for girls but to be honest, it turned out to be much, much more exciting (and darker) than I thought it would be. An emotional roller coaster with a mind blowing story, jaw-dropping twists and great music and in this game your choices actually DO MATTER not like in a lot of other episodic adventure games.I can't say anything else that hasn't been said by others, just give this game a chance! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,319630,24853392,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,"""Fun"" Blocker ϟϟ",one of best games i have ever playedsolid 5/5
,Recommended,319630,30071723,Posted: 20 February,all,Lactose,Episode 4 made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥...
76561198035761512,Recommended,319630,26761471,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rexy,"This is fuc*ked up, real talk.  Buy this... seriously, it will be the best purchase you have ever done.  WTF    Im actually crying"
,Recommended,319630,30156231,Posted: 24 February,all,Blah Blah,OMG I LOVE THIS GAME . MY FAVORITE GAME FOREVER !!!!! Story 100/10
,Recommended,319630,15031112,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,[RP]Benjyboing,Love da story so far
,Recommended,319630,30880967,Posted: 1 April,all,WaaghMan,"Una aventura más ""estilo Telltale"" que las aventuras de Telltale ambienada en movidas e investigaciones estudiantiles mezclado con sucesos de ciencia ficción chungos.Visualmente el juego es impresionante, sobre todo por su dirección artística, y el guión también está bastante bien, así como el peso de nuestras decisiones (no lo convertirán en otro juego, pero cambiarán lo suficiente para notar sus efectos).Los episodios son un poco más largos que el equivalente de los juegos de Telltale, con una duración de unas 2-2.5 horas por episodio (también dependerá de cuánto exploremos). En algunos queda bien, en otros las conversaciones se estiran demasiado para no llevar a ninguna parte, pero en general bien.Por poner alguna queja, y sin contar spoilers la movida de ciencia ficción se les va un poco de las manos en los últimos episodios, lo que reduce un poco el peso que le dí a las últimas decisiones (""total, seguro que luego hay un Deus Ex Machina y no sirve de mucho""). Además, pese a ser un juego que a priori parece bastante pulido, he tenido unas 5 ocurrencias de bugs donde la característica de volver atrás en el tiempo no funcionó bien, dejando el juego injugable y obligándome a cargar un punto de control.En resumen, un juego/historia entretenida, bonita, y con mucho rollo indie, quizás un poco más larga de la cuenta. Un poco como Juno pero en videojuego."
,Recommended,319630,14742988,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Deuskel 🐱,"This game is taken you places...omgI'm actually the type of gamer that plays FPS games all day long but this game completely changed my mind. It made me laugh and it made me ♥♥♥♥ing cry, I have never experienced such intense feelings while playing a video game. Even movies were never giving me something like that.I only played the first chapter but I'm definitely going to play 2-5 as well.GET THIS GAME!11/10IncredibleWow!"
,Recommended,319630,27939883,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,come sweet death,"Well, I must admit that I'm not very good at writing reviews, so forgive me if it is not very long orcomplete.What can I say about Life Is Strange - it is no doubt intresting and exciting yet rather sad game! It surely worths its cost - graphics are wonderful and characters are so great so you start feel sympathy for them since the very beginning and until the very end. I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,319630,14280565,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kyra,"This is my first time actually playing this genre of game, and I am so glad i started with this one. I have been a huge fan of Square Enix since the begining and have no intention of doubting them...i read somewhere that the the developer Dontnod looked to other publishers first, but were told to change the sex of the main character to male.Square Enix was the only one that did not question a single damned thing. Dontnod picked a good publisher.Now on to my review: This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. I must admit i was a little skepticle at first, but the combination of the character interactions, very well written dialogue, warm graphics, and compelling story won me over. I cannot wait to play the other episodes. Well done guys, well done!"
,Recommended,319630,16032587,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hammy,"This is one of the best games i've ever played, everything about this game is just perfect, the character development, the story, the soundtrack, it's all just so great! I can't remember the last time I got so attatched to a game, and it's honestly one of my favourite games at the moment and I recommend everybody to try it! I hardly ever get into the story of games but this game made me feel emotions I didn't know I could feel, I loved every minute I spent playing it. Would Recommend."
,Recommended,319630,24982040,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Last Moon on Myspace,"You're an asexual blood magician who can manipulate time. By the end of your journey, you discover your sexuality, but ripped apart space and time to do so. I hope it was worth it Max. 5/7"
76561198016739003,Recommended,319630,15203402,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,King for a day,"If you like point and click games with a good story you should totally give this game a try, it has an interesting plot, cool athmosphere, awesome art style in my opinion and nice dialogues. You can go through the episodes pretty fast if you like a quick experience but if you want you can also do a lot of things that you don't really have to do but they give you more insight in the story,characters etc. As you might know the story of this game is shaped by your decisions, you have to make choices throughout the game and these choices have consequences. It's not like in some other games of this genre that the choices actually don't mean that much, in this game your dicisions really matter and this is really cool. this game is a must for anyone who loves a good story :D"
,Recommended,319630,14294256,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,60396,"Way too early to give any definitive verdict, but definitely off to a good start. Northwestern atmosphere is likely to cater Alan Wake and Twin Peaks fans, and a few interesting characters make for a captivating 3-4 hours - longer than I expected for the first episode. As with the developers debut title, Remember Me, the the universe-altering mechanics give the gameplay a refreshing twist. The main cons are however some characters that come off as remarkably stereotypical, and occasionally goofy dialog at times together with notable lipsync issues."
76561198103390386,Recommended,319630,14818292,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TyrusWasHERE,A buetifully created interactive environment that pulls the audience into the estranged life of young teenager and her gift to relive her choices through time travel.
,Recommended,319630,16517035,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Celetara,"The game follows an awkward teenager aspiring to become a photographer. Her shyness exceeds no bounds, but you can help her become an everyday hero, with the help of her newly aquired super power. Yes, a super power.Life is Strange has a great story and an interesting game play experience. If you like a relaxing yet heart wrenching game, this is for you.------------------------Edit:Nominated for ""WOOOOOOAHH DUUDE"" AwardI wrote this review before the episodes 3-5.This game is not relaxingIt is anxiety and crying incarnate"
,Recommended,319630,16708338,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,li.u,"Life is strange and full of squirrels:Interesting story, great narration and voice acting, enjoyable time-travelling mechanics, artistic squirrel photography - LIS has a lot of good things going for it."
,Recommended,319630,16851900,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,feedr,"Simply, Amazing."
,Recommended,319630,17670805,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,RogueRequest,"This is nothing like the games that I normally play.  I bought the first episode because it looked like everything I want in the television series and movies that I watch.  After watching the first trailer I felt an excitement for this game that, sadly, no one else I knew shared.  When I first started to play the game I instantly knew that my excitement for this game had been completely and unequivocally justified.Right from the start this game forces you feel for the main character, and in extension those that she cares for.  The situations that the game, and to a degree yourself, puts it don't feel forced or contrived.  They feel natural and they flow naturally.  Your choices don't just feel like they matter, they actually do matter.  The game doesn't give to time to mull these choices over either, you choose them naturally and hope for the best.  You won't feel the need to pause the game and decide which outcome you want before making your choice, because for the most part you play just like you.  At least the first time.Lastly, the game doesn't rely on anything other than a good story and good characters to sell itself.  You won't find excessive violence, nudity, or swearing in this game.  You will people acting and speaking naturally in situations influenced by you and the main character's supernatural ability.  Even in a scene with two girls swimming in a pool late at night in their underwear sexuality plays absolutely zero part."
,Recommended,319630,14432699,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Deynarian,"Thank you for this experience.[Spoilers may or may not be implied. Be warned.]Life is Strange is an unusual ride; a blend of story and deeper meanings mixed in with some hints of the supernatural. Themes revolve around morality, decision making, what could have been, who should come out on top, or whether anyone should at all; but most of all it makes you think about basic humanitarian needs and how similar we are in the long run.Or at least it did for me.Maxine is a quiet and introverted photographer whom has returned to her home town after five years away, as such I can relate to her character in various ways. You are presented opportunities to help others at risk to your own safety, which is something I personally regret not being able to do in previous scenarios in my own life.As such, this conflicts with other characters whom may have been threatening the ones you most wished to assist, which further reinforces a feeling of loss, as they may not deserve your pity, but nonetheless are also a person, with a personality and dreams, which you have helped to hinder or obfuscate in some way in order to help your preferred character.Episode One goes along a solid path, and I will most definitely be purchasing the subsequent episodes, as I believe they will make me think and cry as I have with this episode.What a work of art.I'm not going to go into detail about the graphics or sound, but I believe they were beautiful in their own way.If you enjoy reading, listening and absorbing a fantastic story patiently, I recommend this to you."
76561198026720885,Recommended,319630,15919048,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Khal-Druggo,A game about crying at high school.I thought those days were over.10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,319630,16898126,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PatsDark,"An awesome experience. This is what i want the evolution of adventure games to look like. Hell, finally some studios can make interesting games without mass murder and destruction, and do an actual mature, well made, polished, interesting storyline. Kudos on Square Enix who took the risk to produce such an awesome new franchise.I got episode one during the summer sale. No way i'm waiting for the next sale on this great game. Picked up the complete season after i finished episode one, who lasted me 2 hours. Even more awesome is the fact that the choices you make actually affects future events and stuff happens differently later. Also, when you finish the episode game tells you what other players worldwide did in such and such situation. Pure awesome.Wholeheartedly recomended."
,Recommended,319630,16927892,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Boris,"Maybe the best game I ever played. The story is very nice, it's much better then watching a movie (it's like your playing in a movie). Can't wait for episode 4 & 5. (Life is strange 2? Anyone?)"
76561198107213550,Recommended,319630,16932508,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Gal. McMahon,"Well boy, i've got to say, after episode 3 (or even before), your actions have big f***ing consequences, because in the end s*** got f***ed up"
76561198057662259,Recommended,319630,20289103,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Peppi_peach,"Best game I've played in such a long time. I've never played a Square Enix game before..but this game had me swapping througb many emotions..joy, fear, guilt, sadness. Im only bummed I didnt get a chance to go see the apes at the drive ins with Warren! 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,31028650,Posted: 8 April,all,Afor,"Life Is Strange Review by AforPlatform: PCGenre: Action, AdventureDeveloper: DONTNOD EntertainmentPublisher: Square EnixAn unique experience that explains why games can also be                considered art.SummaryLife Is Strange is a third person action adventure 5 part episodic game, where you play as Max Caulfield and go in an adventure with Chloe Price, her best friend, seeking to discover the mysteries of Arcadia Bay. The story is based around the disappearance of Rachel Amber, Chloe’s former best friend (until Max shows up in her hometown, 5 years after leaving Arcadia Bay).Graphics – 4/5Even though Life Is Strange doesn’t go for the technically realistic high end graphics, its world is beautiful to look at. Apparently, it was all hand painted. This really gives a unique touch to the game, while making it seem fantastic at the same time. Furthermore, this choice made by the developers will probably make it so the game doesn’t feel outdated graphically as time goes on. The animations are almost perfectly done, except for one particular animation that is way more used than it should be, especially in secondary dialogue. Another problem is the lip syncing, which is kind of bad, especially for a narrative driven game, making the job of immersing yourself in the characters a bit more difficult. Sometimes the camera angles when you talk with the characters diminish the visibility of this issue although not totally hiding it.Sound – 5/5The sounds are, generally speaking, very well done. The voice acting is actually very good and adequate to the characters, which helps the player to immerse himself in the game and to engage more with it. Talking about the soundtrack, it’s one of the best I have ever seen. Every song you will hear fits perfectly to the situation you are experiencing, matching very well with the overall tone of the scene you are playing. About the overall ambient sounds, they are extremely well made.Gameplay – 4.5/5Even though this might look your standard point and click adventure game, it’s a bit different. It adds a new element: time travel. You can make a choice, just to realize you can reverse time and choose another to see what happens. Even though you might think this would ruin a game which is based around decision making and storytelling, it actually doesn’t. Simply because, even when you do this, the choices you make aren’t “right” or “wrong”. It’s like having multiple shades of grey between a black and white spectrum. Each player will interpret the options they are given in a very unique and personal way, because this game deals with mundane but controversial topics, like euthanasia, domestic violence, and others. That’s why many players will see the options they are given, try them, and then think about them for a few minutes, reflecting on what consequences they could bring to the story, and only then choose one of them. Since this is a 5 part episodic game, I can say that the first episode is rather slow, intentionally to make the player used to the time travelling mechanic and to know a bit about the world and its characters. From this point on however, the story really picks up and starts to evolve in a very good way at least until the end of episode 4. Episode 5 wasn’t perfect by all means, as players might be confused with all the things going in, although the finale didn’t leave anything to be desired. You should really take your time with this game, and see all the little details that it has to offer. The gameplay is really diversified, since you go all over Arcadia Bay and even go between multiple realities, completing objectives and progressing through various interesting activities. Here the time travel aspect is used in a very clever way, particularly to solve problems that appear throughout your adventure. The game can take you anywhere from 15 to 25 hours, depending on what pace you want to play the game.Story - 5/5Definitively one of the best stories I have ever experienced in a game. The build up from episode to episode, which begin with a flashback to what’s happened and end either by a cliffhanger or by making the player crave for more, the overall sense of mystery and need to explore the next part of the game and the emotional connection with the characters and their tale are really what stands out from this experience. The dialogue is well written and well executed in game, allowing you to emotionally connect to the characters, and even though there are some lines that might seem old fashioned, they are still good for a grin or two.NotesIf you want to replay a certain part of the game, it’s very easy because the game is sectioned in chapters. This also allows an easy way to get the collectibles (photos).Free Directors’ Commentary.1st episode is free which is great.Overall score - 9.5/10The unique hand painted graphics, amazing soundtrack and sound quality, along with an emotional and gripping story make Life Is Strange a unique experience and one which you have to go most definitively go through.  The only things holding it back from being perfect are the lip sync issue and the somewhat confused and out of place 5th episode, when compared with the previous ones. In the end, there aren’t enough reasons to not go through such an unique experience that explains why games can also be considered art.This was one of the very few games which made me drop a tear.Belongs in my personal best:Yes"
76561197984337373,Recommended,319630,14939734,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,*lol*JackYYY,"I'm in love with max, wtf"
76561198056158551,Recommended,319630,16960537,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Luke K #Ianologist,"There is a lot to say about how amazing this game is. I bought the first episode not really expecting much, but then I played it and got hooked. I bought the rest and played through the second and third episode in one sitting. I absolutlely love this game.I would say this is my new favorite game, even after only around 6 hours playing it, and it has many fun mechanics. Some things that are really fun and awesome are:- Being able to rewind time- Pick your own dialogue options- Amazing character development- Amazing protagonist- Beautiful sceneryAnd many other cool things that I can't think of right now (Curse my lack of sleep)I rate this game 10/10The game costs $21 CNDWriting this 09/07/2015Only three episodes are out.Have fun with an amazing game ~KodosEDIT: After playing episode 5, my opinion of the game changed a bit as it ended pretty weakly. Obviously SPOILERS, but Either option, weather it be to sacrifice Chloe or Arcadia Bay are really bad.New rating of this game is 8/10"
,Recommended,319630,16626238,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OWO QWOP,Fall in love with Max CaulfieldI know that is weird...but..Life is Strange >///<
,Recommended,319630,18599996,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Etzaen,"Amazing from start to finish. Every episode is emotionally impactful with incredibly well-written twists and turns. Dialogue has stellar voice acting, and extremely true-to-life with all the cringeworthy teenage slang.This is the new standard for episodic, story-driven games. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,319630,18600356,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chris,"An incredibly well-written and emotionally gripping game with a focus on its superbly acted, engaging characters and a roller coaster of a mystery plot. Wrapped together with interesting game mechanics, a hand-painted art style and a great soundtrack, the game has a unique charm. One of the few games I without hesitation can give a 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,18636211,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Cloud gunho2,This was an amazing game give it a chance if you have not yet. It starts out slow but that is to get you into things not to thrust you directly into it all at once. The way it progresses is at a pace that is not slow or too fast for me at least. The game is one of few that will make you care about what happens and what yo ucan do and how it will change things. So i recomend this to anyone looking for something different from the normal game that follows the normal plot of episodic games.
,Recommended,319630,18150762,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ur ded,"That's some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥ But there's that guy Warren...You should totally buy the game.Real Thoughts:Definetely my GOTY! Every single part of this game is beautiful - the music, the artstyle, the story. It's a must buy !"
76561198001119205,Recommended,319630,18590615,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,NoPJag,"Just completed episode 5For the ones that wonder: yes, the ending delivers!For the rest, I think this won't be a traditional review. Will just be a big thank you.Thank you for this masterpiece, bringing up storytelling in videogames to heights it never reached before and possibly won't reach ever again.From visuals, voice acting, story, music, it is truly art and with the highest quality standards. Wouldn't rewind time to fix anything :-)Life achievement for the very, very talented people that made this game."
,Recommended,319630,18637461,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Saints Rowdy,It's not a game. It's an experience.
76561198073644860,Recommended,319630,19981257,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pixee,"I think that ,, this is a positive game , i like a story , characters , and map .. 20euros for 5Episodes , full of nerd *-* , Just BUYS THIS NERD :P ,,,XOXO [ BlackWell ARMY ]"
,Recommended,319630,21717298,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,yodaismyguidedog,I will never get over this game.Everyone needs to play it10/10 would let it destroy my soul and weep again.
76561198182488835,Recommended,319630,24565048,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Testicular Cancer,I'm a Broken man now...You better go and get this game!!
,Recommended,319630,31650303,Posted: 9 May,all,Romero,"Life is Strange is filled with good characters and nice writing, with a ending that seems to be packed full of emotion, which it is to an extent, but just seems to either be ""you choose this and ruin everything you did or you choose that"" with no middle ground. It would've been nice to have a third option for the ending.It is a fun, interesting experience though, and I do recommend it to those that like games that have the story have deep consequences. Just be warned, the ending isn't the best. It is a hard thing to wrap up though, so I understand why they went the way they did."
76561198124349528,Recommended,319630,18582106,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SageSandwraith,some people will love this game and some people will hate it if you like games that make u have feels then this game is for you and if not well there's alot of other game's on steam.
,Recommended,319630,31589549,Posted: 6 May,all,B0nesaw,"Beautiful story, truly unique, would recommend!"
,Recommended,319630,18583439,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,0uicmoi,Simply one of the best game I ever played.
76561198217483325,Recommended,319630,31689678,Posted: 11 May,all,Jolly Man,"Really Good game with a really good Story. Havent played a game like this before. Its kinda unique. If you know the movie ""Butterfly Effect"" and liked it. You will like this game too."
76561198018333719,Recommended,319630,14765435,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Whatnot,"Life is Strange is different from your average everyday game; it is set within a typical American high school setting with added time travel, and manages to pull this off remarkably well. While some may find some of the characters cliché, this is no different from how students are represented within everyday media. This does result in a number of what could be considered “cringe worthy moments”, but if anything this adds to the believability of the setting as, if you school days were anything like mine, your know this is the norm of this environment.The game is influenced by titles such as the walking dead, gone home and heavy rain, and players of those games will certainly be able to see their influence here. The main innovation that this game brings is in the form of its time travel mechanic. Through this players can rewind time to change their choices or actions, basing your decisions on how charters react. However there is limit to how far you can travel back; once you leave an area your decisions are fixed meaning you are only able to see the short turn consequences of your actions. This can make choices tricky, and this difficulty is increased by there not necessarily been a correct choice to take. The rewinding time mechanic also adds some intriguing puzzles into the game which give a good impression of the advantages of been able to see into the future. While they are all fairly straight forward in this first chapter, I am hoping that the concept will be extended and built upon in the future chapters.One thing I must mention is that this game has an excellent soundtrack and the way that it is included within the game is excellent. Rather then been played at random, the creators managed to make it so that most of the soundtrack is played through the actions of your character and this adds to the experience immensely.  The opening scene gives a wonderful example of this, and it is something I hope to see in more games.Sadly the game does have a number of flaws; prime among them is that the lip-synching is awful to the point of almost been non-existent in places. Whenever this will be improved in future chapters I do not know, but I hope so as it takes something away from the otherwise beautifully crafted atmosphere. Another is that I did not find the controls that user friendly at times; with the mouse movements on clicked objects feeling sluggish I would definitely recommend increasing the sensitivity. However if you can look past these flaws there is a gem of a game here which I feel it will certainly provide ideas to take away and think about once the final chapter is done."
,Recommended,319630,31792053,Posted: 16 May,all,Roraito,"I like this game so much, story/musics all of them are perfect. I advice the game to whoever I meet."
,Recommended,319630,26251349,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Starless,I love this game
,Recommended,319630,28779551,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HIT-MAN,"It's not a game, it's an experience."
76561198324354853,Recommended,319630,28124996,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,D3ad54m,"Great game highly recomend, amazing story."
,Recommended,319630,14269233,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DannyP138,"This game is well worth the money. It makes you feel in control of the storyline, and it's pretty imersive.Would recommend this game to all."
76561198217397060,Recommended,319630,24683005,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shiro,"This game.. I think this is more than just a game, not a masterpiece but I think this is something that we all can relate to and actually teach us a lesson about life. I have never poured so much tears and emotions in any game but this one.My only wish is that I could rewind my life to the point where I first bought this game without any memories of it..10/10""I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS""   - Frank Bowers"
,Recommended,319630,24662455,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jeebie,This game is a definite must play for anyone that into a story rich game.
76561198043438282,Recommended,319630,25022028,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,True,One of the best narrative-driven games I have played. Emotional and well crafted on so many levels.
,Recommended,319630,18805599,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Unseen Tuba,"Alright, I'll try to keep this as short and spoiler free as possible. If you have ever played through the Mass Effect series and enjoyed seeing the long-reaching effects of your choices then this game is for you. This game does the choice and consequence thing way better. Often times there is not a clear paragon renegade choice. In the end this game is not about getting the good ending because there is no path that is completly good in this game. The writing is some of the best I have seen in a game recently. The charecters are written in an impressively realistic manner, and often the game will take your opinion of a charecter and flip in on it's head. This game also has some really tragic and hard to play parts; and unless you are an emotionless robot like I am then expect to get teary eyed.Gameplay wise you may be disapointed if you are expecting something revolutionary. The gameplay aspects comprise of puzzles and exploration to break up choices and conversation. However this is implemented well; the game rewards exploration later down the road, and the puzzles are rarely unpleasent. The time travel mechanic fits nicely into the game, and the few stealth sections are well done. There is no game over, however there are consequences to many actions that work better in my opinion than fail states.Graphically this game can be quite pretty in some spot and less so in others. I find that the art style works well and the lighting engine is very effective at redering so very pretty vistas at times. There are prettier titles but it is a rather nice looking game nonetheless.Overall I really recomend this if you are looking for a good story driven game. It is a good example of the medium being used in an effective manner to convey a deep and dark story. This game would not work in any other format. It is a heluva ride."
76561198092458962,Recommended,319630,19110963,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Breezy,So i saw cryaotic play this game watched then whole game and i felt amazing never before have i felt so deep into a game that i just wanted to watch it forever then i bought it and it just got even better you need to experince this game id suggest not watching it on youtube and play it blind  i would suggest this game to anybode who is into storytelling games 10/10
,Recommended,319630,19356731,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BobTheSkull,One of my favorite games of all time. I definitely recommend this
,Recommended,319630,19153080,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,BobFish,"Life is Strange is an incredible journey. You'll laugh and cry. Not much else to say other than everyone should buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,319630,19270079,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kova,Life is Strange™10/10Would rewind to cry again. ;-;
,Recommended,319630,18583489,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LinkToReality,"Alright, now the last episode is out and I have played through the game to the end. Seems like the best time to write a review for this game.Even before this I have recommended the game to friends, told them that I love the story and the mystery. Now I can finally say that I fully recommend this game all the way through. It's amazing and has kept me captivated from start to finish, each episode ending with a great cliffhanger, making you long for the next to come out soon rather than later. Good news for new players though, no more waiting.While the story is great, and in my opinion really enough to carry this title, it wouldn't be fair to skip over the games mechanics. Fortunately I have to say I loved those too. The time control give you a sort of control over your choices that TellTale's games don't for example. I'm comparing this to their games because they're both interactive stories of course.It also makes it possible to change less important things in the game like conversations and the like. Knowing a bit more about the person you're talking to helps unlock new options and that's really nice.There's been a lot of talking about the fact that the game contains some rather tough subjects, such as suicide and drug induced non-consented relations and I can sort of see how these things can affect some people. For me it's not a big deal though, I know this is a work of fiction, it did however if shock me. It shocked me more than I thought it would and I'll admit I Alt+F4ed out of the game at one point to undo something I otherwise couldn't. The reason it shocked me is because the game make you care about the characters in it in a way that most games don't.The music in the game is great too, it's not my kind of music outside of the game but within the setting it works great. The voice acting is also top notch. For games like this that's really one of the most important things, if a character sounds like the actor just phoned it in and didn't care for the role it can completely break immersion, I can happily say I never felt like that with any of the main characters. There is a recurring minor character that talks like she's always bored though and it irked me a bit at times but it kinda worked with her character I guess.If I were to give this game a score, despite feeling that scores are silly, I'd give it a 9-9.5/10Easily a strong contender for game of the year for me."
76561198037560165,Recommended,319630,18587295,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,✪ CЯIZZZ - [AUT] - *TG/ <3,"This game changed my life, by letting me be part of another.. or rather many lifes..... even though every single season killed a little bit of me and the finale finished me completely, i am glad that i was able to take part in it... I feel like dead right now, yet so alive like never before.....   good workPLAY IT!"
,Recommended,319630,18587414,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sir Joe,"Episode 1: Rewind time power!!! Yeah!!Episode 2-4 : With great power comes great responsibility. Be wise, SpiderMax.Episode 5: I wish I never had this power =(((((#WeWantMore11/10"
,Recommended,319630,18587432,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,unclockablebear,WHAT
76561198125019453,Recommended,319630,18588207,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CRiMe,"I wish I could rewind time and play this game for the first time again.Sorry Telltale Games, Life is strange is the way to go."
,Recommended,319630,18588446,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Weeb-san,Well♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970573918,Recommended,319630,18591606,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[J4F]FishyMcFishface,"I guess there are two types of games: those who are written in binary and ... erm. Let me try that again. I guess there are two types of games: those who try to entertain you and those who try to get you emotionally.Still far from the truth, but I guess this was a fitting entry. Having played my share of games for more than 15 years however I more and more like story driven games. That is even though the ""gameplay"" may be reduced to just taking decisions and stupid QTAs. I may be fine with that. I have greatly enjoyed playing Beyond: Two Souls (yes, I am also a console peasant), Telltale's The Walking Dead / Wolf Among Us and of course Life Is ... Weird. Erm. Strange.Life Is Strange has put me through an emotional rollercoaster I did not expect. But believe me, if you think the decisions from Telltale's games are hard, you will find this unplayable. At some times I have found myself staring at the possible options for minutes whitout being able to make a decision. Usually, after 10 minutes I remembered this is just a game and I chose the most rational option (I am still an engineer at heart).I have now finished all five episodes and I am very thankful at dontnod for the ride. Even though episode 5 was a little bit predictable (damn you, r/lifeisstrange) and I am quite sure a lot of people will be whining about the ending, I still think this was the only way to end everything and come to a sensible conclusion. Would I have prefered a different ending? F*ck yeah I would. Pricefield FTW."
,Recommended,319630,18580782,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bub,Absolutely fantastic game.A well written story and interesting gameplay mechanics make this my favourite game so far.Hope we'll get a 2nd season at some point.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18580869,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jakey Poo™,"*SPOILERS, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.*Life is Strange is one of many games that promises you the diversity in the outcome of your experience based on the choices you make throughout your game. With the release of the final episode and the DONTNOD team failing to meet these expectations, this game is still worth your money and your time.Most of this game's meaty bits lie in the character you play as and the ones you meet along the way. Life is Strange introduces reletable and likeable characters who are more than what you initially see in the first one or two episodes. While it conforms to dull stereotypes, it also isn't afraid to introduce touchy material that we rarely see in video game media. From mental-illnesses to same-sex relationships this game offers what most don't dare to introduce in their own games. This experience was an emotional rollercoaster and despite the predictable ending I still found myself crying miserably over the fate of your best friend, or the fates of the others you became close to in Arcadia Bay.With that said some DLC should definitely be in order. With the journey you went through not enough was touched on the endings (specifically if you decide to save Chloe) after the emotional struggle you went through to get there. Life is Strange struggles with what Mass Effect 3 did in that there are too many loopholes and questions left up in the air after it's all said and done, which is definitely disappointing.Strangely enough with how easily predictable and lackluster the ending was this did not sway my feelings towards the game in the slightest. Could we have gotten better endings? Most definitely. Was the one we got completely terrible? I don't think so. As stated your choices have little meaning in the story's end-game, but the choices you make in earlier episodes do change the path that the story takes to reach that final point.All in all I would not rate Life is Strange as a ""story-rich"" game, but instead as an emotional thriller. Despite that this game is definitely worth the time if you haven't already picked it up."
,Recommended,319630,19141457,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,HeWhoDies,"So... ""Life is Strange""The game is beautifully done. Well voice acted. The story is short, 3 hours with a lot of dicking around and I finished the main plot. Didn't focus on optional achievements.I like the options, and the way they let you manage choices. I like the tone and mystery. My only problem is the game ends at the best / worse time ever. I now want to find out more, enough, that I will buy the next in the series next pay. I like it when a game makes me want to spend money for more. I hate it when a game forces me. In this case, it's willing.I recommend you try the game, if not for how beautiful it is, try it for the good storytelling."
,Recommended,319630,19147763,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Fox_Zusss,"- ENGLISH:Just finished it now.There's no words to describe this game. It's an art piece in game form. Unbelivible. A game for the history!I was waiting for a game like this since Heavy Rain. It's just perfect.This one goes to the hall of TOP'S!And this game deserves EVERY ""best soundtrack"" prizes in EVERY contest. It's the best soundtrack for a game EVER.Just stop reading and GO PLAY!- PORTUGUÊS:Acabo de finalizar Life Is Strange.Não tem nem palavras direito pra descrever essa obra de arte em forma de game. Certamente inesquecível. Um game para entrar para a história!Fazia bastante tempo que não jogava um game nesse nível, que me lembre o último que me impressionou assim antes deste foi Heavy Rain, o que só reforça o meu gosto pelos Movie Games.Esse vai pro hall dos tops.E na moral, se esse game não ganhar (ou ganhou) TODOS os prêmios de ""melhor trilha sonora"" de TODOS os concursos de games, os jurados estavam com problemas mentais. Na moral.Vou além, este game tem CERTAMENTE a MELHOR trilha sonora de games de todos os tempos.Fica a dica, joguem."
76561197983072817,Recommended,319630,18731645,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Benny,Mindf u c k
76561198013757528,Recommended,319630,18591345,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fen,GotY 2015.
,Recommended,319630,18591402,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mizo-San @ armu,"11/10 Best game 2015 so far! Still the best game also nominated for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award."
,Recommended,319630,15995573,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,YouKnowKuma94,PLOT TWIST~!
76561198017460204,Recommended,319630,18591596,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,duSty,"I've just finished the final episode, and I'm out of words.All I can say is that this is one of the best games I played in my life!10/10"
76561198095143690,Recommended,319630,18591411,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Redx1234a,Bless this game. I enjoyed playing this game at 5am right before school just so i could see what would happen and it was worth it. Going on my game of the year list. The story is great and ineresting also playing the game with my friends was a buttload of fun. 10/10 would play again (probaly not for a while though cause I already have 110 hours on this game)
76561198167497465,Recommended,319630,19667873,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JasonNvm,"First of all, this game is ENTIRELY AWESOME and entire worth me to spent 16hour. Just complete EP2-end by using the entire weekend. (and final exam next week, but feels flunk anyway so Life is strange first XD). Be honest its doesnt gimme any emotion impact to myself during the game play like somebody else (reading other random dude's comments and some of them cried after the ending), but hey, maybe, or not maybe, thats actually becuz my life probably already dramatic enough and my blood already cold, i do needs to decide if acting phony, stepover, leave, or betray someone litereally everyday, even the most impossible person to betray, and i need to analyze all the consquences will cause by the upcoming decision in 10sec cuz I CANNOT REWIND.But hey the plot is FREAKING EPIC! The major key change in ending part of the game totally lemme feel its the best game plot ever! I was so impress by the story of all Gens of GTA but now GTA is like a toy! and if you think your easy to get emotion impact, DONOT ENTER EP3 BEFORE YOUR READY. and to all the staff involved producing this game, YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME, good script writing, magic cinematic artist, and background music that fit current game play just right at the time! they can litereally film this and bounch around cinemas in the entire universe!And, one thing, that i truly want after done the gameplay, i wish i could rewind, to the night of Aug 12. Go to the dock and tells everyone, here's going to be disaster, crash into your car and get HELL OUTTA HERE! and dozen of familys could be save from despreation. im extremly lucky and didnt get any physical injury from the explosion, and none of the people i know got badly beat up and phone still works so we could get together helps each other and crash outta the town, but, when that day, i run out of the building, waking on all the shattered glasses, looking at all the wreckage, radio and TV keeping looking for missings, it was, SAD, HOPELESS. I do wish myself, or somebody else, could rewind that far, warns people, and we all saved, the death all could saved, the Hero firefighters all could be saved."
,Recommended,319630,18621765,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dru_P,Muh Heart
,Recommended,319630,19668038,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Wile E. Coyote,"10/10, would rewind again.EDIT: Amazing that the developers added more subtitle languages and options for the game in an update. I now can enjoy the story again with friends in our own language."
76561198089701911,Recommended,319630,14553874,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Newb the Legend,This game is amazing. I got lost in the art and the storyline so far is very amusing.I would recommend definitely recommend this game for anyone that likes a good story.
76561198028671225,Recommended,319630,14554891,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dark.AznBoi0,"Adults cause most of the world's problems and drama. Fortunately, the adults at DontNod Entertainment only write virtual drama... and they do an outstanding job. Life Is Strange reminds me of simpler times when you experienced childish misfortunes. The artistic / indie style, music, colors, weather, and voice acting are superb. Max Caulfield and Victoria's voices are perfect.This is my 1st point and click adventure game and Life Is Strange sets the bar high. Some minor issues are a floating joint and an IMG pic in the center of the endgame screen."
,Recommended,319630,30070363,Posted: 20 February,all,Makoto Nijima ( ◜◡‾)っ✂,"I'm not crying, there is something in my eye."
76561198204907496,Recommended,319630,30420831,Posted: 9 March,all,i_ate_your_oreos,"Literally my favorite game. Its beautiful and breath-taking. It makes you laugh and then rips out your heart, throws it into a blender, microwaves it, and sets it on fire but you're okay with it because the campfire is pretty."
,Recommended,319630,30489733,Posted: 13 March,all,Marvesco,"After played the first episode, i feel like must buy the whole episodes. And now, no regret. It's really masterpiece.10/10"
76561198078324982,Recommended,319630,18729318,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,marvolo,"this game is weird. you can use almost every Rust Cohle's monolog from True Detective to describe it. but it's still be a beautiful young adult, coming of age, and very dramatic game anyway.time is really a flat circle..."
76561198062175487,Recommended,319630,18630549,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Chewbecstasy,This game is just absolutly amazing from start to finish. I never thought it would so amazing when I first saw it but damn it just pulled me in and blew me away. Cheers to the producers.
,Recommended,319630,26083808,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Illuminati Confirmed,"Damn, what can I say for this game. My friend told me he was watching it on youtube in late 2015 and I was like ""play real games"". But when it was on sale a few months back I thought heck, I'll get it.One of my best decisions ever.The gameplay is immersive, and the story. Oh the story is so well done. Arguably one of the best games ever.If you enjoy a good story, you must play this game10/10 Must play"
,Recommended,319630,16647061,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Uncle Joe,"These days good games are hard to come by with so many games released. Life Is Strange is a spectacular game! I remember playing Remember Me, another game made by DONTNOD, it was quite repetitive but the coolest part was the rewinding time feature. Now they brought that rewinding time thing is AWESOME, they made something truly amazing and original! The world is very beautiful and interactive, their character's hair looks kinda weid like Sims 4's hair. I find it funny the characters in the game mentioned Lara Croft and Final Fantasy because the publisher is Square Enix. I just finished Episode 5. I'm happy that I made the right choice at the end which saved my tears. Tbh, this is the only game that made me cry like a little girl and I had to punch a wall to feel manly again. 10/10. DON'T TAKE MY WORD FOR IT, WORTH BUYING AND PLAY IT YOURSELF!"
76561198046249393,Recommended,319630,15795843,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,haalidoodi,"My first experience with this sort of episodic story-focused game, and absolutely a fantastic one. While I have some minor gripes about some small glitches and problems with sound, none of the problems were anywhere near major enough to ruin the experience.What really makes this game (and what really makes it stand out from many other games, even of the same genre) is just how well the characters are designed and developed. I can't recall the last time that game characters seemed just so real to me.At any rate, 9/10 as it stands now. Fix what few bugs remain and I'll happily grant the game 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,25254540,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stuff|13:37|,The best game in the world
,Recommended,319630,19329740,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Magician_J,Hella Awesome. Wish I could like a game more than once.
76561198052291034,Recommended,319630,30496498,Posted: 13 March,all,Arco (Azaiel),"During my 30 years of gaming (yes, I am that old), there have been very, very few games that have touched me emotionally. This is one of them. Probably one of the best games I have played in my life."
,Recommended,319630,25196849,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KreePz-,Life is strange is a nice story game. Its incredibly easy to follow the story to this game and it can really ingage you at times. Turn time isnt too hard to use and it has a hint button if you ever get stuck. Overal this game really grabbed me 7/10
76561198095797707,Recommended,319630,17330554,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,E Knight,"I simply cannot recommend this game enough. It is simply a beautiful piece of story-telling mastery that warms your heart, then breaks it and carefully puts all the pieces back together. The storyline is superb, filled with perfectly-acted characters I genuinely care about and plenty of unexpected twists. It covers a vast range of highly emosional topics that everyone with a pulse can relate to, or at least empathise with.One thing I particularly love is that, in spite of all the strange stuff that goes on (not wanting to give anything away), most of the dilemas faced by the characters are totally real and the choices you are forced to make as the player at the beginning of Chapter 1 could mean life or death for someone at the end of Chapter 5 and they really REALLY challenge everything who you are as a person.Overall, I cannot think of a single critisism. This is a game made for good people by good people who knew exactly what they wanted to achieve and perfected it at every turn.On a personal note, I believe this is a massive step in the right direction for the gaming industry and the folks behind this game are a true inspiration! And I can't wait for the final installment, although I'll be deeply saddend when it's over!"
,Recommended,319630,17310331,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Society Of Pawns,This game was intense and immerses you into an epic emotional story. I can't wait for new episodes.
,Recommended,319630,27683166,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Y E K I M,"I'M NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING"
,Recommended,319630,32378635,Posted: 12 June,all,FromtheWordsofBR,"In the wake of this game getting a prequel, I might as well share my thoughts on the original game. If this isn't my favorite video game of all time (honestly, picking my all-time favorites of anything, really, is hard) then it sure as hell is in the top 3. Basically has everything you'd want in a video game; memorable characters, a great story you'll never forget, an awesome soundtrack, and one of the best atmospheres in any game I've played."
76561198260693519,Recommended,319630,32657765,Posted: 22 June,all,nananana BATMAN!!,"From its opening moment until its final scene plays, Life is Strange is a wonderful, beautiful, captivating, touching adventure built upon the undying friendship of two girls trying to find their place in the world.It is further proof that video games can tell emotionally engaging stories and present relatable characters. Superb voice acting, beautiful art design, a smooth score, and good use of licensed music all help to make this story game one worth playing. If you are looking to take a break from the usual RPGs and shooters, then I recommend you start with Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,27339944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,majik,"sad game, cool game, liked it"
,Recommended,319630,18583689,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ZenneR,Serious contender for game of the year 2015. amazing storytelling and the best use of time travel mechanics to date.
76561198168428449,Recommended,319630,32938551,Posted: 28 June,all,CHAO5,I no longer know what to do with my life after playing this game.11/10
,Recommended,319630,26978822,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlessaGillespie,"If a game deserves a steam award, it's this one."
76561198054841681,Recommended,319630,18786546,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MrTheCheesecaker,"Now that I've had time to recover from the emotional trauma induced by this game I would like to take the opportunity to say that this is the single most captivating game I have ever played and I cannot recommend it enough.This game is an emotional rollercoaster that will take you from high to low and back again at the drop of a hat.Life is strange is wonderfully written with great, relatable characters that you can't help but empathise with. It also has a hella amazing soundtrack.hella/10, for cereal. Swear to dog.Edit: 24/11/16 Nominated for the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" award"
,Recommended,319630,18623063,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Flawed Design,Never played a game that made me feel like a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every 5 minutes when I tried doing the right thing... Ending almost made me cry.11/10 would feel like a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,319630,14405900,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,WTWR Zydrate,"I reviewed this game a long time ago when it just had the first episode out, and I'm here to revisit some of those thoughts.For the record, There will be massive endgame spoilers, because it's hard to talk about this game without addressing some of the backlash.Life is Strange released in an interesting fashion, bringing some competition to the point-and-click adventure genre that was currently (and frankly, still is) dominated by Telltale Games. It sells itself episode by episode, five dollars a pop. You can choose to get the whole package or just one at a time as your funds permit. After an hour into it, I had bought the entire thing because I was absolutely enchanted by the storytelling and most of all, the music.The interesting thing is, I could barely tell what the actual game was. LiS was a sort of gateway drug for me, I ended up buying a few Telltale games AFTER playing this one. The screenshots were all scattered around the various cutscenes and the tags were vague like ""Story Rich"" and ""Choices Matter"" (oh yes, we'll get to that, spoilers to come). I didn't really know what the big deal was until I actually understood that this whole trend was the resurgence of the point and click genre.Life is Strange is a game I wished I had started my gaming life with. This nagged at me for a while after I saw the ""Made with the Unreal engine"" logo pop up. My gaming life started in earnest with the very first Unreal so it already gave me a sense of nostalgia as I played it, but my first gaming experiences were that of violence and basic primal needs to survive. However, LiS is calm and serene with a soundtrack that damn near perfectly sets the tone in every scene. I'm not even a real follower of independent bands, but I've loved every track.The interesting thing about the music is that it is very often, contextual. You generally only hear it when there's speakers, or when Max puts on her headphones. If not, there's usually a void of sound where you just let the atmosphere take you in. I remember one sequence of walking down dormitory hallways. There was no music, but could hear muffled showers behind closed doors, leaking pipes, and morning birds chirping outside.We follow Max Caulfield, a photography student returning to her home town of Arcadia Bay after a five year absence. She catches up with Chloe Price, whom Max saves from being shot and discovers that she can rewind time, which ties into the core game's mechanic. Being able to rewind through conversations but keep learned information, and you can use that to your advantage. Chloe is an old friend who has had a rough few years with a deceased father and an overbearing stepfather. She lashes out at Max every now and then, so her damage is clear.Navigating social structures is part of the game, which I did not expect to enjoy. You can basically pick and choose how you treat various characters throughout the entire game. Will you be empathetic to the local rich alpha ♥♥♥♥♥, or turn the tables on her at every opportunity? Will you try to rekindle your friendship with Chloe, or try to keep her at arms length because of how she has led her life in recent years? All of these things manipulate events and conversations and there's invisible ""point"" values attributed to these characters depending on how you act towards them, and that can affect how cooperative they are in later episodes.The game does a good job of wanting me to see what happens next and I imagine that same style will translate well into future installments, including the up and coming ""Before the Storm"", where we will follow Chloe and the time that predates Max's arrival.Now, there are a couple of flaws and one of them will include the spoilers I previously mentioned.The obvious one; the lip syncing is some of the worst in the industry. The game's graphical style is compared to paintings, to which the game does very well. It looks great, but somebody somewhere dropped the ball when the characters actually open their mouths. It takes a full episode or two to adjust and get used to, but the game's other qualities help me overlook it. Many other reviewers did not agree, and it haunted them through their entire playthrough.Other reviewers talk about very bad attempts at teenager speech and lingo. I however... didn't notice, to be honest. I raised a brow at the use of ""Hella"" and when Max said ""Are you for cereal?"" I cringed, only to be recovered when Chloe herself called Max out on silly slang. Everything else I barely noticed, including the ""Cool Kidz Club"" comment from one character, which I legit heard in my own teenage years. Granted, that does make this outdated but the fact is that to me, it existed.Now, to the backlash the game received. Last spoiler warning.Branching storyline games with character choices constantly get this wrong, no game has yet to perfect this. In order for choices to actually matter, the game has to give us like nine or more different endings. Mass Effect 3 made this mistake and paid for it. Life is Strange made the same mistake, and was next on the chopping block.You see, throughout the game it becomes ""clear"" (in a muddy sense) that Max's constant manipulation of time is what was causing a massive hurricane to come and destroy the town. She gets several visions of this throughout the game and she slowly unravels the mystery. At the end of the game, she discovers that saving Chloe in the beginning actually causes it. Other forms of media have covered the ""Butterfly Effect"", and this is basically their version of it. At the end, Max can either rewind all the way back to when Chloe got shot, and let events unfold as they were 'meant' to be... Or allow Arcadia Bay to be destroyed, forsake the power, and leave town with Chloe (Possibly as lovers if you made some specific choices). Cue ""Bay or Bae"" memes.If you're following this line of logic, you might already be angry. Despite all the choices, the endgame effectively boils down to two choices, and neither one gets manipulated in any way throughout the game....Honestly? It didn't hurt the game for me. I mentioned earlier about how your choices affect certain social structures and that's really what drew me in. Choices did in fact have consequences, they did affect how people treated you and my first game was mostly a ""nice"" run, wanting to be as nice to everyone as I possibly could. I mostly succeeded, save for a few stubborn jackasses but hey, those exist. Can't please everyone.Ultimately I chose to let the Bay be destroyed. The game implies that everyone dies but I don't think that's realistic. In what is essentially a ""Headcanon"", I like to imagine many people were in shelters, underground, surviving. The government might come and help rebuild while survivors live in a sort of encampment just out of town while repairs go underway.So frankly, I cannot remain annoyed at the endings for very long. In a world short of LGBT stories I wanted so hard to avoid the dreaded ""Bury your Gays"" trope and just imagine Max and Chloe living happily ever after, but perhaps with a bit of survivors guilt in the mix. Which would make a great sequel by the way, with more choices and social navigation!Alas, other than Before the Storm, future games of this series will not involve Max or Chloe (allegedly). Developers have already said that they have entirely new characters planned.I for one, will be following this series to the bitter end. All aboard the feels train!"
,Recommended,319630,32915158,Posted: 27 June,all,Project HailFire™,"I absolutely LOVE this game. The story is wonderful and immersive. Every choice you make has an incredible impact on how the story unfolds, how characters interact with you. Almost every detail can change how different events play out, even in events you can't see coming. I say almost, because even if something doesn't end up changing something, like say a minor dialogue choice, the character doesn't become a broken record with the same response, even if the convo ends up at the same place.Of course, there are somethings that are a tad bit of an annoyence, but not so much that it hurt my experience. just simple things like low-ish quality graphics, which I understand can't be helped at times, but it leads to objects phasing, stiff animations, and poor lip sync/animations. I also think Max's voice actress wasn't the best. Don't get me wrong, her voice absolutely fit Max, but sometimes her tone didn't fit the situation or emotion Max was feeling. This is just me being a nitpick, and these are just my opinions, I can honestly understand why some occur. Somethings I can't though. For example, occationally when interacting with something and/or triggering a cutscene/cinematic, the game would freak out, causing a black screen and audio glitchs for a few seconds. Not too big of a problem, as the game never crashed, and it didn't skip anything.As for the collectables,  per se, they were fun to find, and added an initiative to explore; but once you miss one, it's difficult and tedious to go back in the episode to find it. If you're like me, you would rather just go right to the point where you missed it instead of repeating every scene and dialogue. Naturally, I haven't tried the mode specifically for this, so don't let this make you worry about finding the collectables...All in all, the art style is eye candy, this game gives you control over the storyjust remeber, just because you know something, doesn't mean the character knows that, the voice acting is awsome (while some could be better, thogh it's not that big of a deal). It made me feel in control and out of control at the same time. I fell in love with the game after just starting episode 1,WHICH IS FREE, so if you really don't know if you want the game, just try out the first episode. These types of games are for some, and not for others, which is fine. I do think it is definitly worth a try.Just have funand try not to cry!"
,Recommended,319630,15151162,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[AWA] BudeBelle,"I was a little skeptical when I saw a game being released in episodes, I thought I might wait until episode 4 came out to buy it. They might not release all the episodes and I could be stuck with half a game. After all there is no fun in only playing part of a game right? I was DEAD WRONG, I bought this game on the release of episode two and I am absolutely in love. This game is certainly worth buying if story-driven games are your thing. If you enjoyed any game by TellTale you NEED this game! The game is not only a step-up from TellTale in the animation department, but is also a step up in the variety of choices. This game allows you to make so many little choice that may impact you greatly in the future. This game succeeds at not only delivering a casual gaming experience, but also at giving you enough suspense to keep the game from being monotonous. If you're skeptical, fear not! This game is the real deal, not some half-made early access game!Pros:- Great Writing (Coming from an author.)- Relatable Characters- Beautiful Soundtrack- Important Choices- Impacting Moral Decisions- Realism- Nice Animation StyleCons:- Lip-Sync Is Off- Episodic- Some Characters Are Too Typical- Some Voice Acting Is OffOverall this is a solid game that I give a passing grade of 85/100"
,Recommended,319630,30366660,Posted: 6 March,all,kips,It goes from calming and enjoyable to a verY HIGH STRESS SITUATION and back to calm again.Totally worth the heart palpitations.
,Recommended,319630,29038042,Posted: 5 January,all,Hotdogs Johnson,"Play one of the most emotional games of the decade, while solving a mistery with your best friend and listening to a wonderful soundtrack."
,Recommended,319630,18922512,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Llamarino,Go Ape!
76561198023807154,Recommended,319630,28873805,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,krispyfried,"Im not normally one to leave reviews but this game had such a great story. I've not yet played all the way through (I got to the end of episode 3) but the twists and turns have been great to experience. You get the feeling that your choices make a difference, but not enough for you to have to go back and replay every sceene to get the ""Right Decision"". It also feels like the other characters have their own motivations and play to them really well.There is nothing to taxing to slow the experience down, which I feel works for a story telling game. Basic plot (No major spoilers) you move back to your old home town, find you can rewind time, meet an old friend and together try to solve the disapearence of a girl from your colleage.Enjoyed playing this, and on top of it all the graphics are stunning."
76561198055646917,Recommended,319630,33169675,Posted: 2 July,all,FilipinoRefugee,"A standout choice poetics game. Nothing groundbreaking or out of the ordinary, but those aren't needed; the game knows what it wants to do and does it spectacularly. Still, it falls into the same pitfalls of other games of the genre, but if you like the genre, this is a must play."
,Recommended,319630,18585835,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,kaboose GLADIATAH,best game ever played 10/10 ezpz
76561198092400478,Recommended,319630,26740837,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Darkroom86,I love this game's story  so much and it help's that the art and music is great as well .
,Recommended,319630,30608853,Posted: 18 March,all,DifferentLevelDan,"Anyone who says that videogames aren't art, has never played a game like this.This is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,33154375,Posted: 2 July,all,UberScrub,10/10 would cry myself to sleep again
,Recommended,319630,30372986,Posted: 7 March,all,[PhOeNiX-2]Uchiha Shosho,"It`s first game that i get involved with story,cried cause a game! and I didn`t slept all the night thinking what would be happen in the next episode but no one will expect that ♥♥♥♥ing end :DI recommend every one to buy it to support the author and the writeres for thier work <3"
,Recommended,319630,19894040,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Everlike,Just the best Game I´ve ever played (singleplayer) Awesome and totally recommend!
,Recommended,319630,29585266,Posted: 30 January,all,Awpteamoose,"Facial animations in this game suck, but everything else is really good though. It's one of the better story-based games out there."
76561197983929314,Recommended,319630,25191955,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,"I have played this game for a few hours now, an interresting game so far. Because the first episode is free i would recommend anyone giving this game a go. I see myself buying more episodes in the future if the first episode ends as interresting as it started.Update: Episode 2-5Tricky to say anything about the game without spoilering something. I will say, if you liked the free first episode go buy the others. I would rate the game 9/10 very good. I have to go now, i just finished the game and theres something in my eye."
,Recommended,319630,14429495,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hawke,"This game is great!The graphics are gorgeous, the story captures you and sucks you in and captivates you.The only downside is yu can go through a single episode in under two hours. But that's a single episode and theres 5. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,319630,18111877,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Felgas,"I was surprised in the best possible way.I expected a teenage drama with really empty characters. But, it was so much more! The enviroment turns you into a ♥♥♥♥ing snooper. Every detail is worth to discover the truly personalities. Even the side characters are really interesting and intriguing, what gives you the feeling that you know what is happening. But, you actually don't. Trust me.The game gives you some kind of ""pressure"" about every decision, from the choice of your breakfast to dangerous situations, all of that matters. So, things become much more serious and the decisions can turn out to be pretty disturbing. And this is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Seriously.I'm really excited about the 5th episode. Please, don't screw up this masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,20112596,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hegman15,"I could not do this game justice in writing the best review I could possibly compile. If you wish to follow an amazing story while making the choices your own this is a must own.Laughter will be had, a smile will shine through. This game will be sad, nothing you can do. And all hope will be lost, as time closes in on you. Shed your tears no matter who you are, this game is a gem among every star."
,Recommended,319630,17489973,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Whiskey,"The only game I completely fangirl over.This review is very bias!Everything about Life is Strange is amazing. The art style, the way the characters are so well developed throughout the story, the finite details crafted into every scene, the way the game actually makes you FEEL the emotions and the challenges that the main characters have to go through and of course, the fact thatYOUR DECISIONS ACTUALLY MAKE A DIFFERENCE!This game nails every aspect that it should for its genre and is by far my favourite game since Season 1 of Telltale's TWD.I don't know what to do with my life now.10/10 -MUST HAVE"
,Recommended,319630,18798907,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mykell,"Wow!  I really like this game.  I'm kinda new to gaming actually and this is one of my first so not sure how helpful this will be.  I love the asthetics of this game.  The art is beautiful and music is awesome.  The characters have depth and the story is intriguing.  And I really LOVE the ""go back in time"" part.  I'm a time travel geek anyway so this really appeals to me.  But also, you can learn from your mistakes and can improve your life and those around you as you go.  How many times I wish I could ""take that back"" in life?  Well, here you can.  And, for me the best part is... it's a story not a ""kill everything you come across"" kinda thing -- although, there is a place for that in gaming!  I love how invested I get in the outcome of the characters' lives.  I think it's awesome.BTW, I just started the second episode... I've already cried... is it normal to cry playing a game?"
,Recommended,319630,32591546,Posted: 20 June,all,ツ Ownage,10/10 - A Masterpiece.
,Recommended,319630,14371499,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,KevinLongtime,"This has to be one of the coolest and most original feeling games I've played in a good long while!Definitely pick it up if you're wanting a great story driven experience, It's turning out to HIGHLY exceed my expectations of what it was going to be.Think of any great indie story driven experimental game and then imagine it as not actually being an indie game but rather a high quality AAA feeling game experience made from a profession studio. It's one of those kind of games."
,Recommended,319630,15023450,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Estel,"This may not be without faults, but if you enjoy strong story-driven games then it's absolutely worth playing. It's nice enough just to see a game with atypical characters and an unusual setting."
,Recommended,319630,18684185,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kristoon,"The best game I have ever played, in my entire life. I would recommend it to everybody. Touches your heart in a way that few video games can."
76561198040781560,Recommended,319630,15158614,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Darkneos 15,"This game is awesome. Good characters, good story, like the soundtraket. This game is amezing, if you looking for a game with a good story it is this one. But that is my opinion."
,Recommended,319630,24828386,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Metrolitious,"Can we just have a minute of silence for this game and cherish the epicness and richness of it?I was never, ever, so overwhelmed by emotions while playing a game, but Life is strange did it. I mean, I loved so much the possibility of choosing your own path and your destiny; the characters were so goddamn fantasticly made and presented, all with its everyday troubles we all can relate to; the storytelling and the dark, twisted ending that made a lot of us cry.Overall, the game might enter in the ""Hall of fame - 100 best videogames of all time"" very soon."
,Recommended,319630,25038450,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Amber,"I adore the emotional narrative and atmosphere of Life is Strange. It's easy to play and you can stop playing for months and pick it right back up and continue where you left off without forgetting how to control everything. It has a kind of quiet beauty that I've never experienced in any other game. I'm obsessed with the soundtrack. It has little moments of quiet contemplation that few video games have. I want to thank the developers for such lovingly placed moments.This game tackles existential issues that people don't always like to think about. I think that's why some people don't like the final episode. But it made me think about the people in my life, and to understand what I can control and what I can't, and made me ask myself what I'm going to do about that. And if a video game can do something like that, then it's Beautiful.Play this game."
76561197961051404,Recommended,319630,25062257,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,NiMH,MUST HAVE GAME!
,Recommended,319630,30412376,Posted: 9 March,all,jasper,I am a little addicted
76561198038260614,Recommended,319630,31028204,Posted: 8 April,all,Gera,"Life Is Strange is the story of a young female student of photography named Maxine Caulfiend, a peculiar adolescent with many inner problems and the inherent trait of being unbelievably nosy. So you can imagine that when such a girl happens to acquire the ability to rewind time as she deems appropriate, there is an infinite number of things that could go terribly wrong. Will they, though? – that is entirely up to you. In Life Is Strange, the words ""choice"" and ""decision"" get a more profound meaning than ever before; for how can you truly face a choice when you don't know the outcome of its different options? Life Is Strange is the only game I know that lets you witness all the different possibilities (thanks to your supernatural time-rewinding powers) and THEN forces you to make your decision. Combine this particular approach with an incredible artistic direction, fantastic music and voice talent and expertly crafted three-dimensional characters and Life Is Strange becomes a one-of-a-kind experience.TO SUM UP: Life Is Strange is wonderful. It's a rare example of an adventure game that offers you a set of real choices rather than a mere illusion of them. The overall graphical style and licensed soundtrack are brilliantly chosen and only further highlight what makes this particular experience so unique – the mixture of incredible ambience and charming characters. A must-buy for every fan of well-told personalized episodic storytelling."
,Recommended,319630,31618857,Posted: 7 May,all,agriba,"Life is Strange is one of my faovrite games of the year.The concept is rather straigt forward, you tell a good story and let the gameplay supplement that and enhance it.  For those of you who have played Telltales games, it is a lot like that, except good.  There are no quick time events, no extra fluff just to give the player some allusion of participation.Life is Strange is just interactive story telling that asks you to make meaningful choices that will affect how the story will turn out.The story itself is great.  Most of what I could say is spoilers.  You just need to know its all about time travel with a vibe that is a cross between Twin Peaks and Portlandia-- if that makes sense.  And giving players the power to control time coupled with  meaningful choices works so well.  This game is, in a lot of ways, a power tripp.Whatever flaws that can be found are in the occasional spotty writing.  There are some lines that are frankly bad, but I never found that it detracted from the overall game other than to induce a groan or an eye roll.The final verdict is this: buy this game.  Life is Strange is such a fantastic, out of the ordinary experience when it comes to games.  It's a genuinely fun and well written game, and I can't wait to see more games like this."
,Recommended,319630,17271933,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Skipper,Play it if u want to have a game you will never forget and support QUALITY video games who could possibly be considered masterpieces of art
76561198156577826,Recommended,319630,17351818,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mickgoesrawr,"I definitely recommend playing this game.The artstyle of the game is great looking and overall very unique. I haven't seen something like that before. The story is definitely interesting... As the game sometimes gives you choices to do either /this/ or /that/, it forces you to think about the consequences of what you do - and I think that is very important, because there will be countless of moments you will need to think about your decisions in real life as well.The game is played in   ""episodes""  , which I think is quite interesting as well. Every part you play is a different episode. It's almost like a playable movie... But you are in control over what your character does, who your character talks to and what your character talks about. The choices you make can influence the past, the present and the future.I am absolutely in love with this game."
76561198138962718,Recommended,319630,18571365,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Coffeeman,"The simple atmosphere it creates while you're playing, is just awesome, i fell in love with this game, and its not even expensive."
,Recommended,319630,18618556,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,amandacat,Amazing storyline and gaphics 10/10 play I definitely recommend!
,Recommended,319630,18619693,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Boflond,"I've never felt (or expected) so much sense and sensibility in a video game. Life Is Strange is highly concentrated mixture of art, video game and emotions. I'm still at a loss for words..update: played it three times up to the present - still in love ❤"
76561197996763957,Recommended,319630,24656806,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,#empty,"In my 30 years gaming it is the first time I feel compelled to write a game review.   Life is Strange if it were a movie would probably be compared to great movie classics from the golden age of cinema.  It would the the kind of rare black swan that would appeal to both movie critics' minds and capture the public's heart.Jean-Luc Cano's incredible story,  the artistic team at Dontnod and voice actor Hannah Telle and rest of the team have absolutely nailed it.   This is the kind of rare gem that will keep its story telling excellence and relevance 50 years from now (if not become more relevant).  A masterpiece that deserves to be in everyone's digital library and revisited often.Buy it, enjoy it, share it."
76561198073024391,Recommended,319630,24604903,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jacob,"Life Is Strange blends an inexplicably astounding story, beautifully crafted characters, and a wonderful soundtrack to create a gaming masterpiece. This game makes you feel very real emotions towards the characters in the story and is full of choices, twists, rewinds, and puzzles. Life Is Strange is by far one of the best games I have ever played, and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a game with a good story."
76561198063143735,Recommended,319630,24607358,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,愛 Auri,"This game is just AWESOME! 11/10 totally recomended*, history rich, neat cut scenes. Totally buy it if possible."
,Recommended,319630,24608611,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kiron,Emotionally Devastating!!!!!!!!Must Play...!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,24619562,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chicken Bot,telling anything would just ruin it.by far one of the best story telling game i've experienced in my life.
76561198090148123,Recommended,319630,24738191,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kiriam,"Man...where to begin with this game, I picked it up on a whim when I was in the mood for a sort of ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" story. That's what I got with this game and even more. Life Is Strange is just an incredible story that had me captivated from start to finish, and when I finished it, I went right back in for more. While there are only two main endings you can achieve, the choices you make throughout the game really affect the story in one way or another, be it relationships with your friends and classmates, or thing that happen to you and them in the story that is either good or bad. Now I will say that the choices in this game sometimes seem like they don't have that big of an effect, they do. I experienced it first hand. This game was highly rated in the store when I went on my serach and it's clear why, I may be some stranger on Steam to you but take my advice, if you want a game with a heavy story, something that can really pull on your heart strings as good as a movie, or an anime, a game where you have the power, the control, over most of if not all of the story, get this game. Life, really is strange"
,Recommended,319630,24786753,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Pesto Boys*Boh,"Personally, I recommend the series to fans of any genre. This is probably the most emotional game i've played (gods sake I cried cause of it), it changed tons of people's perception about life and other stuff including mine.Waiting for season 2 now :DThank you Dontnod <3"
76561198081759769,Recommended,319630,24830007,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,KathARaptor,"Honestly this is probably my favourite game. It looks good, the soundtrack is really cool and overall it is a beautifully made game."
76561198303160897,Recommended,319630,24971272,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,RoyBoyxD,"Coming into this game, I never expected it to mess me up this much emotionally. I just finished the last three episodes in a single sitting; I couldn't put it down. The story was an emotional roller coaster, flowing seamlessly between moments of peace, joy, and friendship and moments of fear, despair, and loss - contrasting perfectly like a good photograph, the game's most common motif. I will not post any spoilers here, but if you like a game with a reat story and where your decisions truly matter, this one's for you. Just keep some tissues handy. While the writing may fall short at times, there are truly piercing moments that likely will bring you to tears. Tonight, it made at least one grown man cry. I had never before felt so distraught having to make a decision in a video game."
76561198027235823,Recommended,319630,25826020,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DeepTruth,"This is the most intense, most atmospheric und most emotional story telling adventure I ever played. A tremendous story about friendship, life changing decisions and their consequences. I recommend this to everyone, a must see / play. Tissues adviced!"
76561198016053838,Recommended,319630,28990787,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr. Trudi,"I'm hardcore RPG and MMORPG fan... and I played this game... and now I don't feel video games are fun any more...The BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.From certain point of view it is not even video game... it feels more like interactive TV series with the depth of a good book.I recommend this to everyone, just the same warning like many before me: ""do not start playing while you are depressed""."
,Recommended,319630,28991544,Posted: 3 January,all,Kuro,"Came into this with no expectations and was COMPLETELY blown away. It almost didn't even feel like a game, and more like a movie. The entertainment value is through the roof.Please play it. The first episode is even free - there's no reason for you to not try this game. It's amazing."
,Recommended,319630,29021096,Posted: 4 January,all,Frederick the Gr8,"A masterpiece of storytelling.1. Expect feels, many, many feels.2. Try to go in with as little information as possible. (Don't get spoiled)Dontnod have raised the bar here, Telltale have to step it up."
,Recommended,319630,30079307,Posted: 21 February,all,Sibula,Absolutely amazing
,Recommended,319630,31074288,Posted: 11 April,all,j0urNeey,Just finished. I reccomend this game to anyone who has a heart and about 15 hours of free time. This has been my favorite story driven game. I do not want to spoil anything for you because this game is an experience. I love it. Thank you  DONTNOD Entertainment for this. I loved every second.
,Recommended,319630,31302196,Posted: 22 April,all,butterhawke,"I easily get bored, but this game got me hooked.I don't like repetition, but I WILL definitely play this game again.Life is Strange is so beautiful in terms of concept, graphics, aesthetics, soundtrack, and plot; you name it. Although the structure is linear, it takes you on a journey of personal growth. You have player freedom alongside the story, both balanced in a way that makes you think before you do anything. The ideas of the story give you hope, obstinate continuance, and feels.The game does not rotate solely on Max Caulfield (the main protagonist). Each character demonstrates his importance to the anatomy of the plot, moreover denotes real-life archetypes. By this, I felt substantial sympathy with these characters, and also felt exasperation towards some.I honestly wish I could play this over and over again like the first time I did. I wish I had better words to describe how much of an experience playing this game is, too. No regrets in buying all episodes, although I felt empty as frick upon finishing it. I give this masterpiece a solid 10/10. More than that if I may."
76561198307985079,Recommended,319630,32059080,Posted: 30 May,all,Adizcool,"This game really blew my mind. It has a great storyline and characters . You immediately feel connected with the main characters . And not to give away any spoilers , the twist in the game really blew my mind . It's a hell of a journey from episode 1 to 5 and the engrossing story makes it a game every gamer must have in their wishlist !!!!"
,Recommended,319630,31374810,Posted: 26 April,all,Shiroyase,"Great characters,Awesome soundtracks,Beautiful sceneries,It will be the best game in your life.Just buy it."
,Recommended,319630,19553536,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RottenCherry,I absolutely love this game so much! Best opposite characters and stereotypes. But the big question is: Do you have a heart to friendzone Warren?
76561198183894763,Recommended,319630,18923997,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kalos,Best story game I ever played in a long long time. Impressive and unespected ending for Episode 5. Worths every cent!
,Recommended,319630,15972052,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Carighan,"This is a rare gem and a good improvement over Telltale's approach to episodic gaming.It takes the existent pseudo-point&click formula, and does something which I had to grin about at first, but since have come to love: it allows you to freely ""reload"" (you do something in-game, actually) and try out different options when talking or doing.In a way, save-scumming is the main game mechanic, here.But the game knows that, and beautifully works with it and presents an absolutely awesome (so far, 2,5 episodes in) story with likable characters with understandable issues. That is, the characters are overdone, but in a good way, they present issues which we can agree with and be moved by, without getting lost in a ""full"" character, yet at the same time they avoid the Final Fantasy issue of 1-attribute-characters.In total, warmly recommended.Pros:+ Very good narrative (so far, 2,5 episodes in)+ Well-done presentation, nice work of drawn shapes to highlight objects.+ Amazing inclusion of save-scumming as a game mechanic.+ Relatable issues on well-written characters.+ End of episode 2 leaves you panting.Cons:- Short episodes (they're good *and* worth the money, but still short).- Overdone dialogue ""theme"" at times, lessens after the first episode.- Naturally ""too easy"", but this depends on perspective. Going back and trying different approaches *is* the game's main mechanic, ofc you can re-try until you like the outcome."
,Recommended,319630,33570539,Posted: 15 July,all,2Chenz,"Life is Strange is a story based advanture game. It bulds upon a unique power that drives the story, with many major and minor choices that affects how the story is shaped and progressed. The voice acting is great and the visuals are beautiful, with the soundtrack greatly enhancing the narrative. It is simply one of the best games that was ever made.Pros:-Great story.-Beautiful Graphics.-Decent soundtrack.-Choices do matter and change a great deal of how story progresses.-""Minigames"" are fine.-Great voice acting.Minor flaws:-Facial annimations could be better. While the voice actors work their butt off to give the player the most feel possible, the dull and unrealistic facial expressions are hard to watch.-The pace of the narrative sometimes feels slow.-The choices are mostly ""Choose whoever i like better and f**k the other guy that I don't like"" or ""Should I be nice or be a b**ch. There is no deep moral/emotional/physical conflicts that make me think twice or trice even after making a decision."
76561198043797603,Recommended,319630,29843540,Posted: 11 February,all,Your Uncle Bob,"A little backstory. Since the release, I wanted to try this game, but because of college and stuff alike didn't have much time to. Then one day I saw that episode 1 became free and got super pumped! Even though I had school projects to do, I downloaded it and played it that night. I felt instantly attached to the characters, it was like magic. The menu theme would play in my head when I would go outside, especially in college. Then, not too long after came winter, which meant 2 things: winter holidays and steam sales. And then the real magic began.I don't even know where to start, as all the game's elements work in a perfect harmony. From music to characters, from gameplay to story, the world of Life is Strange creates a familiar yet exciting atmosphere that anyone can relate to (especially people who are or were in college, like me). The game is heavily based on dialogues and the choices you make will make a big impact on your experience. Don't like the option you picked? This is where the rewind feature comes in. Just rewind it and try something else. A lot of characters can be interacted with and Max will gradually fill her diary depending on the things you did or was afraid to do. It is a classic yet refreshing point-and-click adventure with believable characters, familiar and unfamiliar situations, soothing music and a captivating story, that will make you laugh and cry and go through all kinds of emotions. Without entering the spoiler territory too much, if you like these type of games, you should give it a try, especially since episode 1 is free.In conclusion, this game is a 10/10, an absolute masterpiece and will be undoubtedly joining my top 10 games of all time."
76561198109801592,Recommended,319630,24964746,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Hubwubbub,"The game's quality is inconsistent, the last episode is an outright trainwreck, yet I still cant help but love Life is Strange to death. It packs an emotional punch like nothing else."
76561198259441163,Recommended,319630,33373503,Posted: 8 July,all,Infinity,"What a great episodic adventure game that i truly enjoyed and the first episodic game that i loved for the first time. The game realizes you how your choice will affect the surroundings around you, live up to your choice and face the upcoming consequences. The ending is very touching and difficult on what to choose, but a decision has to be made by the player. I praised Dontnod Entertainment for making such an incredible story rich game and the diversity that gives us a realistic episodic adventure game that we can experienced on. The soundtracks fits so well in this game, as i keep listen to the soundtrack while standing around like a dunce. Anyway folks who looking out for story-based game, say no more. This is the best game you ever gonna played in your lifetime."
76561198268043053,Recommended,319630,24897604,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,"This game is just an absolute masterpeice. Great story telling, amazing character development, and a climax that wraps up the story in a neat little bow. If you don't like games that make you feel emotions and have a very big chance to make you cry, then don't waste your time with this game. I definetly recommend this game to people who are looking more for a story than a game. WARNING: YOU WILL GET THE FEELS!!!"
,Recommended,319630,25111962,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,gibblets,"Amazing story based adventure. Dark, thoughtful and fairly lengthy. The less you know about it the better so I'm not going to go into detail but highly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,32847610,Posted: 27 June,all,✨-Le0n-✨,"The Best Storyline we can get . the way they created the game makes us think about the choices we make, no matter how many times u play this game still u cant refuse . It makes u feel about each n everyone, their feelings , their life. U cant just end this game like other games, Life is strange makes u feel u dont want it to end. The music in this game creates vibes, connects u with any ingame character, the dialogues and dialogue delievery is at its best. Each and every subject in this game has been great. The best thing is it makes u love it no matter what u r.I would definitely recommend this game to each and everyone. try something different once and u'll never regret.Story= 10/10Music=10/10gameplay=10/10Presentation=10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18686225,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Riggerson,"OH MY GOD WAS THIS GAME AMAZING!I don't really know how to write a review, all I can say is this though.Pro: Emotional Roller coaster that will raise and lower your spirits, and make have you saying ""Wait, was that right? Crap it wasn't. Oh wait yes it is. NO?! IT WASN'T?! WAIT! YES IT WAS!""Con: Emotional Roller coaster that will raise and lower your spirits, and make have you saying ""Wait, was that right? Crap it wasn't. Oh wait yes it is. NO?! IT WASN'T?! WAIT! YES IT WAS!"""
,Recommended,319630,33701499,Posted: 21 July,all,Occua,"I tried to make this review as spoiler-free as is possible without harming the integrity of the review itself.I purchased this game a short time after it launched, after seeing a friend of mine play about 3/4 through the first episode I felt like I not just wanted but NEEDED to play this game.  I've since puchased it for multiple others as gifts or because they could not afford it themselves because I think that anyone who loves heavily story-based narratives in games absolutely should play it.Yes, as with many episodic games and even more television shows, the first episode is a little less engaging than it could be, but if you hold on the story truly picks up steam as soon as the second episode begins.  And yes, you really only get two ultimate outcomes for the ending, but leading up to that point you have a wide variety of choices for how to react to the various events occuring during one week in the life of Maxine Caulfield, saviour of punk-a$$ teenage girls with blue hair.  Max generally has a after-decision conscious that tries to suggest you get the best possible outcome, though in some circumstances there really is no best option.  I like that you can kind of choose what kind of person Max is, go all good-girl, nice and understanding or take the ""Mad Max"" run and choose the least polite response to all social interactions, help no-one, allow some characters to meet their fate and not re-do the interaction, or something somewhere in the middle.The game, at first seems to be about a girl with time-travelling abilities figuring out the mystery of a missing resident of Arcadia Bay, Oregon, but when you finish the game you realise it was truly about the connections and relationships you build with your classmate, staff, and other characters around Arcadia Bay.  In a way you are encouraged to form an emotional bond with this wonderfully relatable but fictional town, it's inhabitants, scenery and sounds. Even the weather, a focal point of the change of tone in the game, plays into the charms of this seaside town.  Another nice aspect of the settings is the small references to other games, tv shows, films and music, these are cute little homages to things that inspired certain aspects of characters, the story, the game in general.  Small details are so much bigger than they appear.On the more technical side of things, the soundtrack is great and enjoyable without the game for context, the songs often are tied in to the world itself, not just in the background.  The choice mechanics aren't bad, both controller and keyboard + mouse configurations work equally well and smoothly.  The only nit-picky thing I have to saybout the controls is in regards to some of the rewind powers (the focusing segments in particular) can sometimes be a bit tricky.  I have otherwise noticed a few small bugs that have occured on multiple different occasions, on different machines, namely during the scene in the junkyard there is a freezing glitch after making a certain choice.   And just before the final dream sequence the right side of my screen (tested on 4 different screens and computers) seems to get very pixelated and bright--only in-game, not when tabbed out--which is slightly concerning.  Having played through the game 2 full times now, these are the only two major issues I noticed.I will admit, there is one section of the game that isn't my favourite, namely the final dream sequence when playing a bit of hide-and-seek.  This is however down to personal preference, so YMMV and all that.At the time of this review being written, a much-anticipated sequel and prequel have been officially announced, which I will likely just as enthusiastically purchase and play, regardless of who the story focuses on, I find I'm not just wanting to see more of Max or Chloe, but just of the town in general.  It's stories and people and places are interesting and in finishing the game, I find I want to go back into that world, just to see other stories going on with other characters, even if they are average or ordinary life events.  That is something unique that I find few games get right in their setting and NPCs, making youcareabout what happens to a character you may talk to 4-5 times in a game is a interesting experience, and I can't wait to see where DONTNOD, Deck Nine, and Square Enix take this little west coast town.In short: I absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,19564287,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Max Rockatansky,"This game is a master piece so far, i havent even finished the frist episode. for 20 bucks this game is a steal it has the amazing stroy telling of a telltale game and the awesome look of a square enix game, and together you get this so far this game has no down sides. it has a super solid story a great main character/voice actress the controller support is completely sold and seems almost like you are apart of a movie instead of just watching one. it hits the nail on the head and i would 100% recommend this game to any one looking for a game that is purely choice and story driven"
,Recommended,319630,18587842,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Syphr,All I could say is that this game is beautiful.
76561198114327466,Recommended,319630,17852976,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Crash Bandiqueef,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! It's so simple and yet the story is so good! The scenery and art style is beautiful, along with the music....oh my gawd the music.........1000/10 (^0^)b"
,Recommended,319630,24609336,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kakashi The Weeb,They recently made the first episode free that means there no reason not to try it.The story is great but the ending leaves alot to be desired which is a bummer.
,Recommended,319630,33776746,Posted: 24 July,all,Baguettalus,"A beautiful game with a touching story, a relaxing soundtrack and memorable, relatable characters - nothing in Arcadia Bay is black and white.Life is Strange makes you question whether you should manipulate time or not. Is it right to rewind time, just because you changed your mind? Just because you want to make friends as a shy high schooler and you're searching for the right words to say?Even with the ability to rewind time, you'll have to face some tough decisions with no easy way out. Even the smallest things can have consequences, and you're responsible for all of your actions.This game made me cry too many times. I highly recommend going through this game completely blind. Life is Strange is an experience you'll never forget."
,Recommended,319630,18599169,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Caprisuns,Just stop before the ending. Unless you are into soul crushing guilt.
,Recommended,319630,18669353,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Samurai,"Episode 1: Ehh, pretty cool so far, I like choice based...Episode 2: Wait... What?Episode 3: Woah, now this is getting cool.Episode 4: Okay, what the actual ♥♥♥♥ is going on...Episode 5: *niagra falls coming out of eyes*"
,Recommended,319630,32794390,Posted: 25 June,all,monstrotac,"Most amazing game i have ever played, i'm sad it is over."
,Recommended,319630,30008146,Posted: 18 February,all,TheRisingSean,Im not crying.... I swear
76561198124792065,Recommended,319630,18669237,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hussien  Alsafi,I'm really enjoying  playing this game and please dont forget to do session 2
,Recommended,319630,17391435,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,♥,The best game I have played in a while. The most enjoyable soundtrack ever and the school life its just perfect 10/10 would want a season 2 even though not all episodes have gone out yet :P
76561198026831737,Recommended,319630,24543445,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Tzalinia,"True, one is sceptical when you watch the trailers and yes, the beginning chapter of this series isn't something to write home to about, but that shouldn't stop you from giving this game a try.The whole idea behind the game is built around a simple question.  A question that I feel can have dire consequences. ""If you could go back in time, what would you change?""  The game has reminded me of how we all take our daily choices and actions as well as the reactions of people and the environment for granted.  Indeed, if there is one thing this game has taught me, is that life, and love, is a double edged blade.In life and love we gain something, and in both, we also lose something.  A very deep and emotional game, with an excelent sound track. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33565887,Posted: 15 July,all,Gertzu77 Ⓐ,"Life is Strange... This game is something special, it's a masterpiece. This has to be the first ever game that I've actually beaten and enjoyed every second of. I'll admit I had been avoiding this game ever since it was released up to this month (July 2017) because I was told not to play it because of... Reasons I don't want to get into here. But one of my friends started talking about this game to me some weeks ago and really tried her hardest to get me to play it, so I just went f*ck it and bought it. And man, that was probably the best choice I've ever done.I was going in blind with my first ever playthrough not knowing what to expect. And I was blown away how great everything was. From graphics, to the story, characters and the incredible soundtrack. The rewind feature really made the game easier for me, I made a lot of stupid choices that I regret and I could just rewind like nothing had happened.There were moments in the game that just messed me up really bad, I don't want to spoil anything but prepare some tissues just in case you ever play this game. When I beat this game for the very first time I had no idea what to do now that it was over. I started listening to all of the great songs that played in the game, watched some videos of people reacting to the game, went on different sites and talked to other LiS fans.The second playthrough I decided to try and get all the photos and achievements, which after a while I did.The third playthrough I did choices that I never did in the previous ones.I will replay this game a bunch of times again, that's how great the game is. But it won't ever be the same as the very first time playing through it. That was magical.This game has helped me a lot through hard times in my life, it has basically become the one thing I turn to when darkness tries to take over. I just can't explain how much this game means to me. I just wish I could rewind time in real life to before when I hadn't played it, just so I could feel surprised and blown away again.Life is Strange is a game I highly recommend everyone to play at least once in their life. Amazing games like this is rare. Give it a try, maybe it will change your life too!"
76561198169481043,Recommended,319630,33755708,Posted: 23 July,all,DarkBebop,"My Thoughts:This was a very emotional game and in my opinion it isthe beststory driven episodic game I've ever played, DONTNOD Entertainment outdid Telltale Games.The story is told through the course of a week, by following the events ofMaxine ""Max"" Caufiledan 18-year old aspiring photographer and senior at Blackwell Academy in the fictional town ofArcadia Bay. After seeing a murder in a restroom, she discovers that she has the ability torewind timeat any moment, and changes fate by stopping the murder thus leading her every choice to enact thebutterfly effect. After the incident where she discovers her powers she meets her old childhood friendChloe Priceand they attempt to solve a string of missing peoples reports, while Max also foresees an approaching storm that will destroy Arcadia Bay.The 5 episodes are lengthy being around(3-4 hours each, if you take your time)and all of them usually take place within a day in the game, as the duo Max and Chole visit various locations within Arcadia Bay to solve the case. While also interacting with various other characters and having choices that will affect how the story plays out for certain scenes, though in the end your choices can't change the story completely as no matter what you choose you will still reach the same final point of the game  where you have to choose between A or B, no matter what. However unlike Telltale's games where your choices are very fake and barely do anything to the story*cough*The Walking Dead: Michonne*cough*in Life is Strange the choices do have an impact on the story durring your journey.The journey and the characters is what makes this game so good, I was very sad when I finished the game because I wanted more, and I'm happy to see that his game is getting a prequel as well as a sequel. I recommend this game to anyone that likes to experience a great story in a video game.Pros:fantastic story and journey, that will be hard to top in the sequel.great voice acting and music.great characters and interactions, the chemistry between Max and Chloe is great to watch.lengthy episodes.the choices you make do matter... until the end.lots of unexciting twists.the exploration is much different then in Telltale's games and it's so much better here.the time rewind power is cool and makes the game unique.the graphics while nothing amazing, it does have a nice style.one of the saddest endings I've seen in any game.Cons:during the final scene, your choices don't really matter, as you can only receive one of 2 endings, however the way it was done didn't make me disappointed.the lip syncing and hair in this game look very bad.some of the dialogue can be kind of cringy since they try to throw in millennial slang like ""hella"" or ""amaze balls"".the 5th episode is a little too trippy in my opinion, still loved it.Score: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,17118114,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Cerenzio,Holy hell this game is amazing
,Recommended,319630,28086334,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Linus Gorp,"I hate to admit it, but... I cried.. More than once.. And I'm usually perceived as a psychopath unable to express any emotions :("
,Recommended,319630,29042142,Posted: 5 January,all,joshdrst,Best Game Ever
76561198076321320,Recommended,319630,14304836,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,logan⇋HG⇌,To be honest at first i thought i would dislike this game so i played for about 5 minutes i keep going 2 and a half hours later im begging for it not to end.I love the atmosphere and character and its replay value of living with your choices and their consenquences.i highly recamend this to everyone i love it very much 96/100
,Recommended,319630,27297729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kb6muser🎃,"Amazing game, many choices, quite emotional and just very well done.P.S Can't wait for the second one ;)"
,Recommended,319630,17903249,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Elise99,Loved this game from the beginning. #MustBuyGame2015
,Recommended,319630,28818743,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Erin@HT,Such an amazing game which made me cry. Thank you for this touching and deep story.
,Recommended,319630,16763661,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,๖𝖒𝖔𝖓𝖆𝖗𝖈𝖍,"Amazing sound track.Amazing story ( Hard to say what's great about it, perhaps the relatability? )Amazing atmosphere.All these puzzle pieces are put together seamlessly, perfect.This is way better than I ever expected.I'm in lack of a better word, this is just too great.Update:Finished the entire 'game'. At this point it's hard to call it a game in my perspective.This is all too great as an experience. It is an experience, game would be a slight insult I'd say.This game made me feel longing, emotional, and wanting more of it.The feels. They're just too deep, far too great.And I'm a pretty cold, rather emotion-less person. So going through Life is Strange, giving me such an impact, I'd say it did its job above and beyond."
,Recommended,319630,30023438,Posted: 18 February,all,*•.¸♡Canadian Armed Forces♡JTF 2,"'Life Is Strange' is and forever will be one of my favourite story games.  It really immerses you into a whole new perspective of life and other aspects you wouldn't really consider or even contemplate on a day to day aspect, and creates memories.  Life Is Strange also helps make you forget your worries, troubles and generally everything for a while and (in a way) transports you to a different world, a different life...a different person.Furtherly, the soundtrack; voice actors and view match the characters; illustration; plot and scenes are so perfectly, beautiful and synced. Pure and true workmanship.I can assure you, once you play Life Is Strange....You will change.  At least, a small part of you^^~ It makes you question many perspectives; how one choice can afflict or support another furtherly in the future; how we should be mindful of the things we say; what we do and how we treat other people; emotions and so much more.Simply, Life in general.  Indeed, Life. Is...Strange^^"
,Recommended,319630,18605095,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kassixd,"I don't usually play single player games, but this.. game.. changed my faith in them. This is seriously the FIRST single player game, that I fell in love with. Like.. completely. It is stunning. It's story is amazing from the beginning to it's end.It makes you live in the character and feel everything that's happening in the game. When most games give you adrenaline, this one touches your true emotions and symphaty. It makes you think. It makes you progress. It makes you look at things differently.It makes you wanna play it again."
76561198080512995,Recommended,319630,31803517,Posted: 17 May,all,INFERNO,Man this game is great! It was intense with all the choices you have to make and every choice leads to a different outcome. I truly recommend this game to anyone who wants superb storytelling and mind♥♥♥♥ery. 10/10 for a masterpiece game.
,Recommended,319630,27701260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jellynan,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award. ;-;"
,Recommended,319630,29049949,Posted: 5 January,all,Shy,A side character made me cry 10/10
76561198059804965,Recommended,319630,30086226,Posted: 21 February,all,nayr,"Life is Strange is an episodic game that features player choice.  Your choices reflect how the story plays out.And oh boy does it do it well.This game takes you by surprise in how immersive it is, and how you feel yourself emotionally involved with the charactersand the story. Lets crack this down.Story 10/10 -You can tell they took alot of time perfecting every aspect of every episode. Each episode takes about 3 Hours to finish on average. 1-2 hours If you're blowing through it. I reccomend taking your time with this game and thinking about every choice carefully.Gameplay 8/10 -The gameplay is absolutely amazing and immersive. The gameplay represents that of a Telltale game, player choice, long cutscenes (Dont worry, The cutscenes are good.) and third person perspective. However, at some parts, puzzles can be tedious to get a hang of.Replayability 10/10 -This game has a huge dialogue tree, and each choice has a different outcome. You can always replay with different choices.Overall 9/10 Game.Truly a work of art."
,Recommended,319630,18702607,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DylanL710,The best game i've ever played.10/10Buy it.
76561198049190787,Recommended,319630,18705306,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Smoked Mozzarella <3,"Life is Strange is not really a game. If you're looking for an exciting experience with thrilling and rewarding gameplay and intensive mechanics, go elsewhere. The closest you really have to traditional gameplay are the puzzles that are used either as filler or to mask a decision. So if LiS isn't a game, what is it? Personally I'd say it is more akin to a living story. LiS is about jumping in to that world and watching it come to life and exploring the different arcs in the story that choices set in motion. Observing friendships blossom and establishing connections with the characters is...nice. I'm guessing I'm not alone here, however as someone who hasn't had an awful lot of close friends over the years just sitting and having human moments is really enjoyable, fake or not.So if that's not really your cup of tea, then it's a shame but perhaps LiS is not for you.You get back what you put in. If you can take the time to have a thorough playthrough, it's very worth your time."
,Recommended,319630,25294953,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,akadapo,"Amazing game! one of the best i ever played. No one can say video games are not art after playing this. Great character development, voice acting, story and soundtrack, on top of that everything looks so pretty.As for gameplay, its a decision making game, where your choices have consequences and they sure make you have hard choices. Also, the story is very involving and it WILL make you Tear up a lot!"
76561198219052389,Recommended,319630,33393899,Posted: 8 July,all,BlackWolf1095,"Just finished playing the whole game, all i can say is i've never experienced a more life changing experience from any other game. Life Is Strange has one of the most engaging and emotional stories, along with nice graphics and art. This game shows me, like a few other games, that each choice you make in life has a following consequence either good or bad, ""every action has a reaction"" and that while we can rewind and change our decisions in the game, we have to be extremely careful with what we say or do in reality. The music within the game was especially beautiful as it gave me a sense of  nostalgia, bringing me back to the time in the early 2000's when life seemed simpler and less stressing.[SPOILER ALERT]At the end of the final episode, you either sacrifice the many to save the one important person in max's life, or you sacrifice that one to save the many (damned if you do, damned if you don't). i played both endings, sacrificing the many seemed a little too nice and bittersweet to me...but sacrificing the one...I will admit was one of the most saddening endings i could ever witness to the point i actually had a moment where i had to hold myself back from crying.[In Short]If you're looking to play a game with a great story, a game where your choices will carry weight and affect the town around you, a game that will make you wonder why you made the decision you made and whether or not it was the right decision to make, then Life Is Strange is the game you'd want to play."
,Recommended,319630,14313519,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Thana,"So far so good, I enjoyed the first chapter at least. Obviously not a certain purchase considering it's to be delivered in an episodic format...First off I guess, I particularly liked the setting of the story so far, though it's arguably quite linear (in all fairness this only being the first chapter). Perhaps it hits some cliches, like the ""dominant family in a small town"" or ""feelings of being trapped in a small town"" in some instances, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. (arguably I would say the second cliche is completely natural as I went through it myself.... for a very long time)The main characters Maxine and Chloe are likable and relateable enough, and there seems to be foreshadowing for a butterfly effect with numerous small things done in the story, which to me is really interesting. Characters also don't seem to be morally black and white, and through rewinding time you can see various different faces of the characters, which is also interesting. Perhaps most of all though, I like the fact that Chloe, your former best friend, is also clearly imperfect as well... whether it be by certain sexist (yes, IMO sexist) opinions caused by her circumstance, to her past actions which lead to her (prevented) death (don't think this is much of a spoiler considering it's in the game's description). The backstory in the game seems to have been in motion long before Maxine returned to Arcadia, and it's interesting to see how things have changed from her viewpoint as well.I'd also say that personally I really liked the music in the game, and especially how it's played in the game itself as well. There's also a sense of familiarity to the game (for me at least, though I'd imagine it might be for anyone really) that admittedly works as an excellent starting point..."
76561198047022243,Recommended,319630,17609300,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BeeStee,"I cried. Like, 4 or 5 times so far."
,Recommended,319630,17603703,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,DansGame,Best Game I have Ever Played. Get Over It
,Recommended,319630,20045889,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Roc,"Perfectly captures the life of a teenage girl. Obnoxious, shallow, yet self important. Really into bad acustic music, and ""self expression."" There are moments in this game where you actually just sit, listen to music and think about your relationships with other useless teenagers. I mean, holy crap, do they do an amazing job. However, as a self respecting grown man, there is nothing I hate more than the half baked musings of teenagers. Especially teenage girls.Yet, I must still reccommend this interactive fiction. Its so well written, it actually overcomes the genre (the equivelent of a chick flick in game form?). The story is good! I can't believe Square Enix made this. Their usual offerings being convoluted messes of bad dialouge, character motivation that is comepletely unrelatable, and stories told completly through exposistion.If ONLY the creative minds behind this game would use their writing powers for GOOD! Instead of this drivel, something more geared towards adults (I don't think the audience this game is aimed at can even appreciate how well crafted it is), WHO KNOWS what they could accomplish. Sky is the limit. Well done!"
,Recommended,319630,28903833,Posted: 1 January,all,Yokami,Chloe over Arcadia Bay always
,Recommended,319630,30044288,Posted: 19 February,all,[SWE]SmurGoes,"I can't recommend this game enough. At the moment of writing this review I just finished the 5th and final episode. I am emotionally drained and so in awe of what I just experienced.Don't let the first episode sell itself short, there is so, so much more to this game in the following episodes. Never before have I been so emotionally invested in a game. You think you made some hard choices in Mass Effect? This game had me question myself 10 times stronger.It's a game you absolutely should not miss."
76561198115121788,Recommended,319630,27007014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,laine4466,"I nominated this game for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award.Any objections? No? That's what I expected."
76561198139696619,Recommended,319630,27422544,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Life is Pain,"10/10 would suffer againEven though the ending wasn't what everyone wanted it to be, it's still a great game with a strong fan community.Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
76561198186622545,Recommended,319630,33614240,Posted: 17 July,all,Kiss me.,Great story. Feels. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,29576392,Posted: 29 January,all,NickiieNick,"If you like games with a good story, butterfly effect and like games from telltale games, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,319630,18596639,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Calystegia,"I love this game. Sometimes it's relaxing and chill, sometimes tense and gripping, and sometimes it's sad and emotional. It's a roller-coaster ride with a lot of twists and turns.It has a great atmosphere. You can rotate your camera and has better UI features so it's more immersive than other decision-based games. It works great with a controller too.The choices and actions you make will impact a bit of the flow of the story, the dialogue, and actions of the characters throughout the game.The only main issue is the ending being underwhelming, I was only disappointed a little bit because I already anticipated that type of kind.You actually only get two real endings, with minor differences depending on some choices you've made. The better ending is sad but satisfying. The other ending is absolute rubbish, they should at least elaborated it more.In the end, I feel it's still way better and fresh than other story and decision based games like Until Dawn and Telltale's games."
,Recommended,319630,18573802,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kitsune Oniko,"If you couln't tell already as is from my profile... #PriceField feels forever <3WARNING: DO NOT WATCH THE YOUTUBE VID LINK AS IT IS ONE OF THE MANY ENDINGS OF EP 5;SO DON'T WATCH IT IF YOU WANT TO PLAY THROUGH THE GAME YOURSELF FIRST... Other than that, the rest of my post here is alright to read~ <3YES, I did get both the ""good""/""bad"" main choice endings for those wondering... but think about it tho also with these kinda games? THERE ARE MULTIPLE ENDINGS... and most likely a ""True"" ending also... G'luck getting them all if at all possible :< also btw did you unlock the hidden extra area in your Arcadia map yet (check the tabs)? ;)  ...no one seems to realize until I pointed it out that there is a hidden secret unlockable area on the arcadia map tab... MOST ppl STILL have it locked/inaccessible even at end of the game it seems thus far...So many mixed feels I know for so many of us Q w Q OMG a total mind trip and mind ♥♥♥♥ the whole game... But this is a GREAT game to show how many and any choices and things you pay attention to (big or small) can change the endings... this is like a great ""slice of life"" game in a sense... Now everyone: I am not gonna say it will or won't... but things do help... when I have been telling people since episode 1 first came out I have been saying I bet you that EVERYTHING can affect or change or revert or divert or alter different things. Anything that is even small bit interactive might do something towards the end... Try to 100% everything (get all the in-game polaroids), anything that can be touched or tweaked or seen then do so, save Kate, save everyone you can during the storm, why not try to romance Chloe (or person of your choice, but you all know my fav OTP personally LOL) throughout the entire game and wait 'n see? I have jusssss been saying all along all this TIME *ahem* LITERALLY... anyways:I was always the #PricefieldFeels hopeful and still am always forever #Pricefield faithful <3At least in ONE of the endings that majority are getting so far... we did get a good real actual loving kiss... albeit a bittersweet end but yeah Q w Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXcpX8-EqAs&feature=youtu.beWho wants a Season 2 now? XDI hope someday I'll find my own real life Max and it won't end tragically bittersweet (or chaotic) as this... <3[EDIT] So many friends are asking me: ""Were you satisfied with how it ended? dont tell me specifics, just were you okay with how it ended?"" Hmmmmm... how to say?Which ending?Yes and No.Funny thing is that in each ending everyone will in a way have gotten what they wanted BUT will it feel completely right? Prob not~You finally get some the answers and things you wanted, BUT was it worth it?I think THAT in a sense makes the overall game WORTH it BECAUSE it is like this <3 this is a very super psychological and emotional attaching kind of a game. You really FEEL the weight of everything you choose, which is very much real life and bittersweet :) it's like, ok you made your choices, are you satisfied in the end and can live with them and not regret? Or are you mixed?Do you want to restart the game and try again?That's the beauty of this game ;)#LifeIsStrange #ChloeMaxOTP #PricefieldForever #MaxAndChloe #Episode5Mind♥♥♥♥ #BaeBeforeTheBay (LOL)"
,Recommended,319630,15298561,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,chapachap,"11/10 Most amazing game I've ever played. The sound track is phenomenaland is the cherry on the cake for an incredibly deep story that envokes a strong sense of empathy and makes you feel very attached to the characters not to mention the stunning graphics every scene looks like an artwork. I would recommend this game to anyone that appreciates a good story, the art of game making, a great sound track and quality story line."
,Recommended,319630,19925990,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The Sunken,"Life is Strange redefines the choice game genre in an effective and emotional way. When you think you got a grip on what is going to happen, time decides to make it exceptionally more difficult for you to see what is apt to happen next. This game is filled with twists and turns, options, and moving storytelling, but generally: everything you do will be trumped by your end-game decision."
,Recommended,319630,18585577,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Larry,The feelings in this game are so amazing....every episode was made great and lots of stuff too doworth way more than the  20 euroif you like to take choices like in the walking dead or wolf among us  then u should buy itjust finished ep 5 and wtfbuy this game now!ITS WORTH IT :)
,Recommended,319630,29831791,Posted: 10 February,all,2N | Ryuukee,Watering flower > 5 stars in GTA V
,Recommended,319630,24736225,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Wombat,For those who don't have the luxury of choices IRL
,Recommended,319630,18072768,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,PEACE MINUS ONE,Every secondit's worth it..so dont blame yourself..if u got death wish
,Recommended,319630,28368053,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,"Quantum B also use Time to propel the story, however the settings (and music) choice for this story is just amazing and almost perfect for the atmosphere. The characters, even though few, are very memorable to say the least.The game made me really felt like i am Max C and I have deep connections to her interest and friendships.Well Done. There might not be another as good as this one."
,Recommended,319630,26787904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Limpy,This game will kick you right in the feels. Story based games that give you real consequences. This does just that and makes you come back for more!
,Recommended,319630,14482260,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nox ▲,"I've noticed most people's reviews are rather in-depth. As a result; I have chosen to be the opposite. This is a brilliant game, and if you even slightly want it you should get it straight away. With the option to not commit and try out episode 1 before buying the others there is honestly no reason not to get this.So far an easy 9/10. The only reason one would not enjoy this is if they dislike story-driven games, and long for repetitive shooters like ""Call of The Twelve Year Olds Duty""."
,Recommended,319630,18026910,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Wetbow,Dank dude. Hipsters and Wetbows.
,Recommended,319630,18581719,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ianbbplaya,You'll go WTF every episode. Like I can't even write properly cause of the feels..
76561198151371778,Recommended,319630,18581817,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Redemptioner,I love this game!
,Recommended,319630,27568264,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DoYouLikeHurtingOtherPeople?,"Honestly, it;s a mindblowing game. The graphics are nice and crisp, voice acting suits the characters. Character development is also spot on. Love it. Very surreal ride right here."
76561198099831652,Recommended,319630,26864928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fierclash,"hot damn lesbians, guns, drugs, time travel, great story line, science puns, and a dog10/10"
76561198324519474,Recommended,319630,25172409,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Grunt the Runt,"10/10.Life is strange made me laugh, cry, and feel good. No other game has made me feel this involved. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,14248555,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,GeNolWeNol,"If you have bad memories playing Remember Me, don't let that discourage you from playing this.If you're a fan of Telltale adventure games, don't let that make you pass this non-Telltale one.If you're one of those LISbians claiming this game is a 'Telltale destroyer' or some sort, please go away.All I can say is that this game is DONTNOD's comeback effort and it looks, plays, and, most importantly, tells the story very, very well.Read the lengthy review below if you want to.//-- This is after playing through to the 4th episode, Dark Room --//When I finished the1st episode, I immediately think this game is a cross between Telltale adventure games in terms of navigation, DONTNOD's past game Remember Me in terms of time-rewinding mechanic (more on this later), and Gone Home in terms of atmosphere.And that is rather brilliant, with almost spotless soundtrack to go with it.You're playing as Max(ine) Caulfield, a rather geeky teenage girl who's quite fond of photography.She's studying at Blackwell Academy in a town called Arcadia Bay, can rewind time, and seeing weather-related premonitions.The 1st episode basically introduces you to the quite varied cast of NPCs that basically represents most of the stereotypes in a college.The2nd episodeis where the roller coaster starts to get more intense.Also puts way more emphasis on exploring each and every bit of things you can interact with.This may put off even seasoned Telltale players, but these 'optionals' are where you can get more involved with the game's story and NPCs.Because you might save a life by doing that.The 'minor choices' you did in the previous episode actually affect quite a bit.They mostly changes some NPCs' dialogues when talking to Max, but at times also how Max interacts with them.The weight of your choice in this episode feels heavier due to the nature of the unfolding situation, unlike in the 1st episode where most of it were quite straightforward.In this episode, you probably won't be sure if you picked the right 'side', or if you even have picked a 'side' at all.And then comes the3rd episode.Suffice to say my faith in this game hasn't been misplaced (yet).If you thought episode 2 was a roller coaster ride, then this is probably piloting an X-Wing to blow the Death Star.And Max has a new ability.Just like near the end of the 2nd episode where Max could (inadvertently) freeze time.This time she not 'only' freezes time, but she literally goes back in time.Not the measly minutes like time-rewinding, but jumps years.And no, that's not a spoiler because I didn't tell why and how she does it. =bLastly, the4th episode.This is where LIS gets dark...real dark.Strangely, true to the game's title, also its brightest part.If I said 3rd episode was like 'piloting an X-Wing to blow the Death Star', this one's like putting you as one of the light particles in the laser that hit Alderaan.This episode's definitely not for the faintest of heart.My emotion was flailing throughout the episode, ragdolled by the story.I hate you, DONTNOD. =l//-- This is the gameplay mechanics & technical review section --//Navigation-wise, if you've played Telltale adventure games before you'll be in a familiar territory.You move with WASD, hold Shift to move faster, and click-hold-drag to available actions on points of interest.You can hold items from time to time, but it's usually area-specific; you never carry anything across different areas (aside from your camera).Camera view is a bit different from Telltale's because it's more of a 3rd person shoulder cam rather than fixed points with fixed angles, which works well for this game.Sometimes the action choices can be obscured by Max's body at certain places from certain angle, but that's a given with every game which cam follows the player...and usually not game-breaking.Now about time-rewinding.If you've played Remember Me, it works almost exactly like memory remixing in that game.You either hold RMB or press Ctrl to rewind.RMB rewinds to arbitrary point of time while Ctrl rewinds to certain checkpoints in the timeline.These 'time checkpoints' are usually when you start a conversation or when you trip an event from doing something with a point of interest.If there are time checkpoints and Ctrl reverses exactly to those, what's the point with using RMB?Well, at certain points in the game there are events that will happen regardless of your actions.For example, someone will be hit by a stray football regardless of what you're currently doing; it's not being triggered by any of your actions.This is where RMB comes into play: you can rewind back time and tell the person that'd get hit to move before the football hits.""How am I supposed to tell that person if I rewind time? Wouldn't my position be reversed as well?""And that's one of the quirk of the time rewind mechanic in this game.Your surroundings, including the people, moves back according to the timeline, but you stay where you're currently are.So when you're in front of the person after the football hit, you can rewind time and you'll still be in front of that person before the football hit, thus have ample time to tell that person to move.Another quirk of the time rewind is that you keep whatever item you obtained from the future when you rewind back to the past.This will be explained very early in the game, and it's a key mechanic for many problem-solving events later on.Time rewind actually allows you to make a decision, see the response and/or end result, and then go back picking the other choice if you think you're not pleased with the outcome of that decision.Sorry, Telltale; DONTNOD got there first.If you're wondering what would stop you from rewinding back to the start of the game in order to 'get it all right' (there's no such thing), then it's the major decision events.Arcadia Bay is divided into several 'areas'.You can only walk around within these separate areas but you can't go between them freely unless the story requires you to.Usually you get a major decision event in an area before you can leave it.You can rewind this event as much as you like to see the different outcomes butonlyif you stay in that area.Getting to the next area will force the game to 'move forward' and make you unable to 'replay' the event(s) in previous area.Now let's talk about the fluff.First off, while the voiceovers are great, the lip sync is less so.Characters' movements are adequate without any glaring awkwardness, including the skateboard nether region hit (yep).Visually, it's better than Telltale's, especially the lighting effects...and that's on Medium detail preset.If you don't want to use the presets, you can toggle VSync and adjust AA (there's MSAA and FXAA), LOD (Level of Detail), Texture, Effect, and Shadow quality.It also runs quite smooth on my aging laptop with i5-520M and Radeon HD 5650m.There used to be audio skips at certain points but it's virtually gone after a few updates.There are glitches in some parts, usually involving time rewind.Objects are occasionally 'hanging around' after rewinding time or while being engaged in conversations.In episode 2, an item was floating because Max was using it before she rewound time.In episode 3, a car passing in the street stopped but its tyres kept rolling when Max started talking with an NPC.Not really game-breaking, but they're there.So, yeah, get this game for what it is.Not because this is made by DONTNOD.Not because this 'beats Telltale games'.But because this game has a story and mechanics that warrants being another worthy addition to your collection of adventure games."
76561198128047346,Recommended,319630,28893395,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tanner D,One of the best games i have ever played. Ive never experienced so many emotions in this period of time and have never felt so connected to a game. Truely a work of art
,Recommended,319630,14552361,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cyan,Intriguing story line and interesting mechanics.  Short but enjoyable.  Looking forward to the next episode.
,Recommended,319630,33249248,Posted: 4 July,all,Ocean Man csgolive.com,"Simply amazing! The great story, excelent gameplay combining both action and movie-like game and of course the freedom of choice that it features makes the experience almost life changing."
,Recommended,319630,33048108,Posted: 30 June,all,Ashton,"Ok, OH MY GOD.I knew I wanted to try this game the second I saw the trailer,30 minutes into the game I knew I'm gonna buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter what,I just finished the game, It is very long there are so many options,so many things to do, so many outcomes, HUGE outcomes for everythingThis game will be exactly what you make of it,I never thought I'd say it when i first started playing, or even when i got to the last episode,but this is without any doubt the best single player game I have played in my entire life.I cannot stress it enough, this game is so freaking crazy good,I cant even tell you how I feel im completely overwhelmed,I got so many feelings running through my body right now I can barely handle itall i wanna do is run away alone and think about stuffIf you have any doubt, any second thoughts,please let me help you and listen to me,GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,319630,33299285,Posted: 5 July,all,Zero,"10/10 would cry again.I'm mad at myself for not experiencing this masterpiece until now. Really interesting and catchy story with awesome and extremely well used/placed music.If you liked the movie The Butterfly Effect and you're interested in the Chaos Theory, this is the right game for you."
76561198041959125,Recommended,319630,14360192,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Fangtastix,"An absolutely stunning game, definately a worthy rival for Telltale. Cannot wait to play the next episodes."
,Recommended,319630,18603931,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Goya,"Most beautiful game i ever played in my entire life, its better than any game that i played so far, you will cry every single point of this game, its simply good in so many ways, has a nice story with difficult choices, would buy it again. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18578480,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ShinZero,"An amazing game, It will make you feel things you thought you didn't have in you anymore."
,Recommended,319630,18578604,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,astralbound,"WOW IM IN ABSOULUTE AWE. This game pushed the limits of what a video game really is. I fell in love with some chatacters as much as i learned to hate others. The visual style was so unique. The character development had the perfect pacing to it. This game will make you question every ounce of the fabric of your being. This game made me feel emotions i never even knew i had. Never in a million years would i have though a games story would affect me this much. Ive been playing this game since the very first episode, and waited week after week for the next episode. Was it worth it waiting weeks apon end? ♥♥♥♥ YEA! This game connected to me on a very personal level from the very first episode. Max being a cli'che shy geek so to speak; not giving answer in class, worrying about what people are saying about you. I've just finished episode 5 and i decided to write this little review. ok so obviously this is a great game. great... thats an understatment. There is just so much replay value. SO MANY FREAKIN DECISIONS. Its overwhelming and hard to keep track of. I really cant belive i only paid 20$ for this game. I'm mean they could take more of my money if they can keep doing what they did over the last year. I'm serious. I'm the kind of person who would give too many spoilers if i could but i really want you to experience this for your self. you will never regret it. I'm glad i got to be part of the hype since the first episode and only imagining what the next episode will have in store for me. Just remember no matter what decisions you make max is gunna say something to make you choose the other choice, but what ever decision you make will be the right one. just trust yourself and never look back."
,Recommended,319630,18574902,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,clovr,"I've never felt more connected and interested in a game before. The characters are all unique and so well developed. The animation, although not being the absolute best, gives a certain dreamy effect to the game that I just can't shake off. I absolutely am in love with every aspect of this game."
76561198131856240,Recommended,319630,18732769,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sabbie,"This is such an amazing game...The plot is amazing, even though it starts like a typical schoolgirl drama.So many emotions will rush through you as you play this..I love this game <3"
,Recommended,319630,31937384,Posted: 24 May,all,Metro Knight,Max should justtime travel using that photo then hide the key from Williams and tell Chloe to not drive on that day she had accident and tell her to stop Rachel from participating any Vortex club parties and move the hell out of Arcadia Bay with her friends and their familiesso there would be an alternate decent ending. LMAO.
,Recommended,319630,18692229,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Melkster,"Play it. If you're reading this, you're thinking about buying it. So buy it, and play it.Pick a weekend when your wife or significant other is out. Load up Chapter One on Friday night. That'll be a good introduction. Then play through Chapters Two and Three on Saturday night. Get some rest, you'll need it. Play through Chapters Four and Five on Sunday night.Plan for about 2-4 hours per chapter. I tend to play a bit slow, and averaged about 4 hours per chapter.If you don't have alot of money, just ask me, I'll gift this game to you. Just play it. It's ... important. Your life will be better. You will be a better human being. Play it."
76561198008328211,Recommended,319630,15099843,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Radical Tissue Paper,I do not know whats going to happen next but I feel an unexpected feel train to hit when the end draws near.....Life is Strange
,Recommended,319630,32455934,Posted: 15 June,all,Gandalf the Cool,"With the prequel coming out I figured it's time to write a review for this.This game... is simply amazing! When I first saw it on the store I didn't really pay much attention. Then when the demo came out I tried it out of curiosity and was immediately hooked! I had to buy it after that and it has since become my favorite game.I really can't recommend this game enough. The story is fantastic as is the voice acting! The soundtrack is superb! The time manipulation makes the gameplay really interesting and the characters are all well written. The game's also a tear jerker. I don't usually cry at things but this game had me crying two or three times.Another thing that makes it great is the depth. I didn't realise right away how much exploration was necessary. The choices you make really do impact the story overall, but your knowledge of things can really impact those choices. Which is where exploration comes into play. I won't spoil anything but make sure you pay attention to every little detail cause you never know when you might need it.Overall this game is SO a 10/10! Can't wait for the prequel!"
,Recommended,319630,28764815,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shining_Falcon,"A memorable love letter to the meaingful decision-making titles of past, present and future.I've played a lot of choice-driven games these last few years. Ever since Telltale's The Walking Dead, I've trudged through plenty, both good and bad. So I can say, it is rare that I come across a game with the same emotional punch as that first game. Not that I haven't seen emotional games in my time. I mean one which reaches the same standard. The games which have you agonizing over choices big and small, character or story-driven, and morality vs. emotional investment. This is one of the those great games; and as a certaint blue-haired rebel said, ""Hella Awesome!""Pros:First episode is free. So play it and try something better than a short demo.Reasonable 20 hours to play through the whole thing (additional time was pause time or director's commentaries).Choices are varied and meaningful. The important ones really strain your morality compass.The rewind function is a wonderful mechanic that lets you see how different choices play out, so you can decide which is best from a story perspective, or just on your own emotional decision. It's much easier than a 2nd runthrough like in most other games. Speaking of which, having multiple checkpoints makes jumping back into to any scene in the game easier. Thankfully avoiding the need to play for an hour to redo one major choice.Back to the plus about the Rewind; it adds a huge narrative punch in several scenes, and I love how the game keeps subverting your expectations of how things will play out. Well done Writing team. (Every episode end is high point).Themes and enviroment. They really bring a lot of content to the table in an art-school that is authentic and detailed. You see a lot of themes, motifs, and other metaphors to this throughout the game (especially the finale episode). Worth looking up the definition for a lot of these terms if you want to expand your knowledge. As for the environment, lot of pretty visuals and sunsets. In pretty much every major cutscene.The Characters. I love the two main leads and the contast in every scene they meet. Subtle, violent, scary, peaceful, cozy, determined, or romantic. The choice to change this relationship (and others) is at the heart of Life is Strange. In my opinion, this is like if Gone Home was seen as a flashback and given it's own story. Which is one of my favourite games, so good job character designs (art, backstory, voice, and animation).The voice work does take a little while to get used to, but it does get better as the game goes along. Side characters may be a hit or miss for voice work, but the main emotional scenes are well-acted and have the full emotional range.The Sountrack is FANTASTIC. Uses a variation of melancholic pop and modern indie folk music; and it perfectly fits in every scene it's used in. I especially like how you have an access to one of three songs when you see a Hi-Fi radio or Jukebox. Only one choice per scene, but I appreciate the personal touch. (There are guides available for listing all the songs. Have a look and enjoy the music. My favourites are Obstacles, Crosses, and Mt. Washington (The songs are better than you might think and work better with the accompanied scene).Two final endings which both provide their own form of closure to a well-drawn out narrative. It's worth seeing both.Extras post-game. Director's Commentaries are available in-game, through Steam Streaming, and some are available on YouTube.Potential TV series in development.Cons (or Meh Points):(Note: Due to my computer, I had to lower the quality on some scenes, and watched footage from the PS4 version afterwards to compare. My comments shoud be on the best version of this game. Something that everyone with a high-powered PC will be sure to see.)Animation and lip-synicing are occassionally off in the first episode. Gets better afterwards, but a lot more detail went in central characters than side-characters.This is an emotional game at times, so brace yourself accordingly. Everyone has their own standards, so I won't put a level on sadness. Just take it an episode at a time.Choices require commitment. It is difficult to pursue 2 different things in this game. Foucs on one and see how events turn out.Explanations might be lacking at times in terms of specifics, but part of the magic is focusing on character relationships in an impossible situation. Similar to how Walking Dead is, and never explaining the zombie outbreak (which is fine by me).Need for a guide. Occassionally I referenced a guide to find the optional photographs and to speed through some of the better narrative scenes when I was less patient. Worth looking at if you're completely stuck.I wanted more. Maybe I'm just in post-wonderful-game mode, but I would have liked to have seen more. An epilogue perhaps. But that's for games like King's Quest. Not here. This gave closure. I'm just a little sad it's over.Summary: For anyone interested in the issues of: becoming an adult, art and photography, bullying, environmental protection, relationships (male and female), and living with the consequences of bad choices, then I recommend this game. Or if you just like a hell of an emotional 20-hour adventure than I also recommend this game. I can't say for certain if you will truly get as much out of this game as myself most other fans have, but I can say that you will feel something. So please give it a try, and see just how Strange Life Is. Enjoy and remember what you've seen. I certainly will. And Go #EveryDayHeroes!Similar Game Recommendations (On Steam):The Fullbright Company- Gone Home: Similar focus on a female relationship with an invesigative nature as well. A bit short, but that's what makes it a special game.Telltale Games- The Walking Dead (And any other game past by Telltale made after this): The king of narrative decision-making games. Walking Dead (3 seasons), Wolf Among Us, Tales from the Borderlands, and Batman. These games will wreck your morality compass at times, but also strengthen it. Worth playing. Just pick a genre and go for it. Tales from the Borderlands is a good pick for variety of genres and a well-done female relationship following from one of the previous games. But Walking Dead is the true emotional run of their lineup. Brace yourself for that one.The Odd Gentleman- King's Quest: Also focuses on the lessons of a young woman, but from lessons her Grandfather learned throughout his life. 5 episodes and an epilogue. Worth playing if you want something more lighthearted.Thanks for Reading ~RB"
,Recommended,319630,29330145,Posted: 17 January,all,NanoNewton,"Throughout the entire gameplay, I've realized how emotional i could get over a freaking game.BEST. GAME. EVER.Can't recommend enough.*sobs in the corner*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CM5xZxI6nM"
76561198063800691,Recommended,319630,15158495,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,AlmightyPugSmuggler [VM],"The soundtrack alone is outstanding! and I really love the vibe that it brings to the game. Although there so much more to it that I love, tracing back your step and hearing what Max thinks of each decison you makes it rather pleasing! Without giving much away you really see how it'll effect the end game and is challenging in that aspect, e.g. if i choose to do this how will it effect me in later episodes? and what other decisions accompany this best?10/10 Would play again :)"
,Recommended,319630,18903055,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Just finished episode 1 and here is my review thus far.what a treat this style of gameplay is, i just love good story driven games with moral dilemmas.Music is amazing and sets a great mood, atmospheric graphics during my favorite time of the year, visuals are ok, nothing fancy but high end not needed here.will be back to review part 2 ttfn11/6/2015 review for part 2Just finished part 2, and wow! what a ride this game is,love how eveything flows story wise and  the problem solving element is just right.Thanks you devs, I am digging the fact that there are so many great movie and T.V. show references like David Lynch's ""Twin Peaks"", and John carpenters ""The Thing"" now i will look for them everywhere.By the episodes end i was on the edge of my seat and i am so releaved how things can change by the power of words.Anyhow, be back later for review of episode 3 ttfn11/9/2015 review for part 3WOAH! what have i done? :O The ending is nuts.This game is a good example why we shouldn't have these abilities, I would so mess it up.Story is getting stronger and more emotional and the choices you make get more troublesome, though the ending was shocking for me i can sit well with it, well...maybe until i see in episode 4 what i have caused and cringe later. lolStill a blast to play, see ya after part 4 ttfn5/11/16review for part 4It has been a while since i have played this game, i have had open heart surgery and took some time to feel well enough to play again.Episode 4 was a shocker but i guess makes sense as everything is starting to tie in altogetherat a faster pace, you are stuck dealing with something you can't control and it's indeen frightning.Everything is getting more weird in the world and you just what to make sense of the grand sceme of things happening in the reality you live in.This is a sad episode so don't have a lot of distraction while playing it, it will hit you big.511/16Review for part 5This one was not my favorite dilemma to deal with, the hardest choice is made in this episode.Most of this particular episode plays out like a Max Payne nightmare sequence, and it is indeed one that made me feel dread.Overall a great game storywise and i do highly recommend this game to those that want to experience something so strong with emotion, in the end you learn a valued lesson, fate is unmovable like a mountain, fate stands where man passes away."
,Recommended,319630,14287126,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,OldGregg546,One of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,319630,33543544,Posted: 14 July,all,eviekins,best game ever bye
76561198081743608,Recommended,319630,29930371,Posted: 14 February,all,Ling Dong Wang,"Life is Strange is a very unique game in the sense that it is more reminiscent of an interactive movie rather than a video game, which means that a vast majority of the time spent playing this ""pseudo-game"" so to speak is actually time spent watching cutscenes. Of course, there are also plenty of moments where players must select dialogue options as well as actions. Despite the fact that the gameplay of Life is Strange is limited to walking around, solving puzzles, and rewinding time, this masterpiece of a game is nothing short of exceptional. Only a few games can tell stories as compelling and emotional as Life is Strange; a story in which the protagonist, Maxine Caulfield, must make choices that yield different repercussions depending on the choice that is made. Moreover, the character development of this game is phenomenal. Each MAJOR character in the game has his or her own unique personality, which allows players to be able to relate to and connect to these characters, almost to the point where one can make an emotional attachment to them.In short, players who are heavily accustomed to action based story and gameplay may gawk at the gameplay mechanics of Life is strange, but it is nevertheless worth a try. I can guarantee, this game will take up the best 15 hours of your life!"
,Recommended,319630,18710445,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Wyxie,"If you like getting attached to characters and storylines over the span of months, only to have your heart forcibly ripped from your chest, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,319630,28478579,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Plankt0n,Thanks for making me cry like a girl... five times...The most emotional and best game I've played since The Last of Us.... Please make more.
,Recommended,319630,27669322,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Λlice,"I'm not sure what to say. I was pleased with this game. It was spectacular, beautiful, amazing. And I will never forget this game."
,Recommended,319630,25316866,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Pumpkin King,One of the most beautifully done games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. The story is interesting and all of the characters have a lot of depth. A lot of social issues are touched on in this game as well. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,319630,29321191,Posted: 17 January,all,NightPr0wler,"This game has been an emotional roller coaster for me. :'(I've waited sometime for a game that knows how to make a good story. Life Is Strange is all about friendship, family, making bonds, choices and sacrifices. The story is actually really good and gets even better for each episode. The first episode might be a bit slow for some people since it focuses on character development etc. It's good to know what realation Max has with the people she meet in Arcadia Bay. The world is beautiful made with little details everywhere. You can interact with a lot of objects and people to progress the story how you would want it to be. The game focuses primary on choices and how the player is the one to shape the future. The choices do really make a strong impact in this game and you need to think twice before you decide what to choose. Music and sound is beautiful in this game, and it really hit the feels during certain scenes. The game is primary focusing on interactive cutscenes, but there are also a lot of areas to explore between. I would say that it's not for someone who likes more fast-paced story-driven games. But it is a very good game which plays on action, mystery and a lot of emotions.I recommend this game with all of my heart. I need to finish this review so I can reflect on all of my choices in this masterpiece. Oh I forgot that the game is very optimized and runs smooth. Go grab a copy of this game and be ready for something really good. I'm already teared up so I can't write any more <3.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,28016530,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BisonHero,"Looking back, Life Is Strange Episodes 1-5 was my favourite gaming experience of 2015. Time travel shenanigans, teen problems, good soundtrack; what more could you ask for? I recommend you check it out if you get the chance!"
,Recommended,319630,30289466,Posted: 2 March,all,Chromicx,"Time is relativeTime and especially timetraveling is one of the main topics with whom the protagonist of Life is Strange Max Caulfield deals with. She is able to rewind time and change her actions she made which can affect the process of the tale. In the story of these five episodes she learns that her gift doesn't always have only good sides but also brings problems with it.In my opinion this game has one of the most emotional stories you can get and I highly recommend to play at least the first episode of Life is Strange which is free to play. The gameplay is pretty simple because the focus of the game is on the story. You basically can only walk, walk faster, look around, interact with the vicinity and make decisions.Graphics8/10Music10/10Gameplay10/10Atmosphere10/10Storyline10/10Overall10/10Conclusion: Life is Strange has one of the best storylines in my opinion and is worth every single cent you pay for it."
,Recommended,319630,27992215,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SaneD,"Wow ! This game is hella awesome. Playing this game was one of the best experiences of my life.- GREAT soundtrack (totally fits to the game)- GREAT characters (well-written and dubbed)- Emotional and GREAT story, also prepare your tissues, 'cos you are gonna have something in the eye ;)- For me personally better gameplay and impact on the game then Telltale games (I've played a lot of them)- Solid Length (for me 27 hours - I was messing around and enjoying every second of the game, didn't want to finish it :D)- Really good artdesign, it really looks hand-crafted (I personally enjoy it)This is mine TOP 1 game on my list (played the best story-based games). I am still attached to the main characters :DHIGHLY recommend this hella awesome game !!! I mean c'mon episode 1 is for FREE, so give it a shot (if you are fan of adventures, you won't regret it)So buy this game and be ready for FEELS, BECAUSE THIS GAME IS INTENSE :D (DAT SOUNTRACK)And ofc I nominated this piece of art for “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” award, because it deserves it (and because I cried and was f*cked after the ending :D)Thank you for reading and have a HELLA nice day folks :)"
,Recommended,319630,27898247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anzu,"For a person who is not a big fan of singleplayer games and pretty much spends his most time playing multiplayer games, Life is Strange made me genuinely really excited playing it, which other games couldn't provide such feelings and enjoyment for a singleplayer game.One of the best things I like about the game is that while playing the game it makes you develop certain emotions towards characters, which might be a bit hard to understand if you haven't played the game. Life is Strange can be compared to watching a really good TV show 'cause of it's amazingly good story. But it's even better than that since it's a game AND a TV show at the same time.As of writing of this review, the game with all it's episodes are on -75% sale. But honestly even if there wasn't any sale happening I would still buy it without any hesitation.Overall it's an amazing game. Totally would recommend, especially for anyone who liked such games as Heavy Rain."
,Recommended,319630,26135454,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DeLegend,"10/10 Highly recommended. Best game I have ever played! Incredibly well written unique story, character development, awesome soundtrack. Definitely deserves all the praise it gets. I was blown away by it all the way through the 5 episodes, I'm impressed and astonished. So good, I wish I can go back in time, forget everything about the game and experience the game for the first time over and over...   LIS has really impacted me deeply and gotten me extremely emotional too, during and even after finishing it. I just bawled my eyes out crying during the playthrough, espeically during the last couple episodes. Been almost a week after finishing it, and am still thinking about all the characters, events in the game, and theories/possiblities.Also wanted to point out that it's important to stop not rush the game, there are many details along the way. It's amazing at how the objects like posters, letters, how characters respond, their actions, etc.. all the forshadowing, paradoxes, theories etc.  and relate to future events/past events/characters and how some things connect and relate together perfectly. So definitely worth to slow down and look at the surroundings.Oh and ALSO, I see some people nit picking some parts of the game, but hey, every game out there has flaws as this one does. BUT It's important to look at this game as a whole, and in looking at what the devs have presented, many others would agree with me that it's a great game undoubtedly.Soooo, episode 1 is now free, very worth to give it a try."
,Recommended,319630,26879242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"This game will ♥♥♥♥ your mind, emotions and your way of looking at gamesProb one of the best games ever made"
76561198035699645,Recommended,319630,26639997,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Habu71,"Life is Strange is a pure masterpiece. The characters leave you thinking so much about why they are who they are. There are some open ended questions about them, why they are the way they are, if they love who you think they love - and yet they are so well developed it is clear who they are and why. You get to decide a small bit about why they act how they act based on the story line and it does not take away from who they are.Let's face it, the scenery and world are outstanding. A super emersive environment that is gorgeous, full of life and detail and helps complete the story well.This game plays like your very own quirky indie flick, where you get to decide how it plays out. The decision making is great because you can change up how the game plays, but not in such a way that it changes the entire integrity of the story.The story itself is intriguing and interesting enough to keep you wrapped up from the beginning, and it keeps you wrapped throughout although there are some very interesting twists and turns you'll never see coming.There are some particulars that will leave you speechless, some moments that will take your breath away, episodes that will leave you on the edge of your seat, and some that will wrap you up in feels the whole time.I can only say positive things aout this game without trying really hard to find something ridiculous and knit picky wrong with it. It is as close to perfect as this genre of game can get, and it left me utterly sad that it had to end.Almost better than any of the greatest books I have read, and has an emotional impact on you as you play from episode one through five.I laughed a bit, I was scared, I was shocked, concerned and even a bit teary eyed at times. If you only play one game this year, or forever - this one will touch you for a long, long time.10/10 - Would get feels again. Over and over and over again.Pure Genious.Thank You"
,Recommended,319630,26640916,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,nafad,"""Oh man, are you cereal?"""
,Recommended,319630,33559009,Posted: 15 July,all,GladiOol,"7/10Life is Strange is a coming of age / high school story with super natural elements and a mysterious story line. The choices you make in this game feel like they have impact on the overal narrative, shaping the world around you. Some of the dialogue is a bit corny and the story has (quite big) flaws. Overall, it was a flawed, but enjoyable experience, especially since I'm a sucker for this genre."
,Recommended,319630,14349860,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,InfiniteSheldor,"Before I start, I just want to say that I HATE Point and Click games. There are few exceptions.The game is made by DONTNOD entertainment, the company that made Remember Me. I think that game is really good, except for it's unskippable cutscenes. Since I liked it so much, I decided to give this a go. Another thing, was that Square Enix were a part of it, which is another company I play pretty much every game by (or want to). First thing I noticed was the element of freedom in a linear game. The point and click element is to look at an object that is pointed out to you, LMB, drag to what you want to do with it. I very much enjoyed playing through the game, even though only Episode 1 is available as of posting this review. I am very intrigued and I await the next episodes.Also, I sure do hope that they release the soundtrack, I'm really liking the music"
,Recommended,319630,29659063,Posted: 2 February,all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,Nice interactive movie. Lots of blahblah.
,Recommended,319630,29598901,Posted: 30 January,all,A God. How could you kill a god?,"Absolutely amazing. This game is one of the few that I could say has brought me near tears. The storyline is super amazing. You won't get more than 24 hours of gameplay on your first run through, but those 24 hours I will forever remember and cherish."
,Recommended,319630,23695568,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,warum nicht?,10/10
76561197984037735,Recommended,319630,18599387,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mai Fei 麦飞,"Though some people hated the ending(s) I found this to be a truly great game. I loved the ending I got, and I really think this is a worthwhile game.You play as Max Claufield, who through a series of events, involving time and photography, get together with yout childhood friend Chloe, and together the two of you set out to investigate the disappearance of Chloe´s friend Rachel Amber.This is truly a wonderful game and in my mind you would loose out on a great story by not playing it."
,Recommended,319630,24500833,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,柳州螺蛳粉,"Very touching story, every character is perfectly built. Had a lot of fun playing episode 1 and I may consider buy the rest of the story. Also, the music in this game is really nice, somethime I wish I can just sit on the campus in the story. 10/10:)"
76561198038684813,Recommended,319630,18606804,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Derphausen,"I'm sad it's over now... :(But, man, that was a unique and wonderful experience.Goodbye to all of you American boys and girls."
76561198028736612,Recommended,319630,18607055,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tav,I wish I could go back in time and rate this twice.
76561198216938595,Recommended,319630,19808439,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,yesungsohn,"If you want a game that'll ♥♥♥♥ up your feels, then smash you with an horrible ending, this is a game for you.11/10 would rewind time to play this again."
,Recommended,319630,32068400,Posted: 30 May,all,All American,Leaves you with an existential crisis after the ending. #baeoverbay
76561198105626157,Recommended,319630,19559895,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,conzpiracyzero,OMFG... (spoiler alert) that last decision? Wtf square enix?10/10 Would sacrafice again
,Recommended,319630,16533442,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Unknown,"Life Is Strange is one of the most, if not the most, climatic game I have played to date. I love games where you can choose your own path, games that have undeniably stupendous artwork, and amazing voice acting. This game had it all. Not even mentioning all of the times I ended up gettng a headache from laughing too hard. I rate it 10/10. Also...#KateAllTheWay"
,Recommended,319630,18592229,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jojo ★ ジョジョ,What/How/When/Who/Where is/are (the) meaning(s) to/is Life?????I am having an existential crisis after finishing this game
76561198067048547,Recommended,319630,18592508,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Amandatory,My eyes are just watering from the onions I just cut up.10/10
76561198107562462,Recommended,319630,18592403,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,April Paradizo,"Episode 1 = Teenage Drama & Time Travel ... Interesting.Episode 2 = Whoa! S*** just got real!Episode 3 = That escalated quickly!!!Episode 4 = OMG WTF JUST HAPPENED?!?!?!?!?!?!?! D: D: D:Episode 5 = Finished the game ... off to recover my feels ..... :'( :'( :'(An amazing game that has an engaging storyline, fantastic voice acting, cool graphics, and a very nice soundtrack!!!Just be prepared for the emotional rollercoaster!"
,Recommended,319630,18785907,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,IDI NAHUI,"I love this game so ♥♥♥♥ing much , One of the best games I've ever played."
76561198149602069,Recommended,319630,33306321,Posted: 6 July,all,Aladdin's donkey,"if you think barry f*cked up the timeline, then you haven't met max."
76561198107081879,Recommended,319630,30116692,Posted: 23 February,all,Mrs Pink,"This game is excellent, but in the end none of your choices matter since you are confontred with one final decision that cancels them all... Feels just like that Mass Effect 3 ending everybody was complaining about, just saying."
76561198067372342,Recommended,319630,17424755,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TheD3rp,"Look, this has an overwhelmingly postive rating at 97%, so I have no idea why you're looking at recent reviews rather than buying the ♥♥♥♥ing game.In case you're not convinced yet, Life is Strange is the only game in recent memory that I have given a genuine 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,26025228,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,arjay_es,10/10 would cry again.
76561198295147064,Recommended,319630,31929366,Posted: 23 May,all,CartierC,"Played this game out of curiosity because I didn't have internet for a while, quite possibly the most profound story in any game I've played."
76561198082751185,Recommended,319630,15896603,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,77o99,"3 episodes in and just holy cow, ign 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,34689200,Posted: 2 September,all,Worrall,The saddest part is that it ended.
76561197970404280,Recommended,319630,34472773,Posted: 24 August,all,Cirrus,"If I am the storm, if I am the wonderWill I have flashlights, nightmaresSudden explosions?"
76561198147069002,Recommended,319630,27809111,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aryamaan,"I had read the reviews and i know its gonna be a sucky ending,the exact reason im not playing after episode 4,♥♥♥♥ you im not crying.ok that was 3 hours ago.I played episode 5 and ♥♥♥♥ you im still not cryingPS-you ever get that feeling 'what am i going to do with my life now' after finishing a game?,if not you must get this one,its a wonderful feeling of sorts :p"
,Recommended,319630,30495190,Posted: 13 March,all,GauravNikoBellic,"Review for Life is Strange (Complete Season 1)... Amazing storyline, The story is heavy on emotions. There was literally a moment in episode 4 where I teared up and cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ :P. The characters in the game are so good that you will feel emotionally attached to them. This game is a masterpiece, everything from the storyline to soundtrack is done perfectly, however the ending of the game felt rushed and a bit unsatisfying....The gameplay of the game is also pretty good. It offers up-to 30 hours of gameplay time on pc and every decision you make in the game will have a effect on the final outcome of the game. One thing I didn't liked from the gameplay point of view was the lip syncing issues between the characters, which can hurt the emotional impact in the game....The graphics of the game also looks nice and it has a nice art-style approach to it but to be honest graphics doesn't really matter in games like this and apart from that there are no performance issues in the game either because it runs at a average Fps of 150 on my pc lol...All in all this is one of the best story driven game I have played in a long time and considering I got this game only for 144 rupees during the steam sale, This game is pure value for money, not only because of the storyline but also because of the 30 hours of gameplay content this game offers <3.I rate this game 9.5/10 plus it is fairly easy to get all the 60 achievements in the game which is another positive point about this game :D"
76561197978295494,Recommended,319630,16207213,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Zavie,"Constraints begets creativity. Throughout the game it feels like the studio didn't have the budget of a AAA game, and did its best within it. The models and textures are simple, almost like quick sketches or early concept artworks. Yet it is all so consistent it holds together very well, and creates a delicate atmosphere, from the loading screen to the end. The slow pace, the quiet mood and the very fitting soundtrack create a soothing experience, like a short movie to watch and live.On the downside though, the concept is a bit weak. While the main character has this fantastic ability to reverse time, more often than not she uses it for petty high school drama situations. More importantly, the game makes the promise of a story where choices matter, but doesn't give enough information to understand those choices. In the end it feels like this ability to reverse time doesn't make a difference.This is how I feel after playing the first episode, and I am looking forward to playing the next ones."
,Recommended,319630,17275228,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bearly Dressed,"I'm gonna update this review now from it's previous version, because I finished the game long ago. Simply put, this game revolves around a mystery involving the disappearance of a girl, Rachel Amber. The protagonist, Max, investigating said mystery with her old childhood friend, Chloe, also happens to gain the ability to manipulate time. With it, and with the rekindling of her friendship with Chloe, Max tries to put the pieces together and make sense of Rachel Amber's disappearance as well as make sense of her ever growing abilities with time manipulation.Now, lemme just go on to say, this game has moved me and put me in more emotional turmoil than any other game I have ever played. No book or movie has ever made me cry for and care about something with such passion as I felt during this game. For comparrison, Quantic Dream games like Heavy Rain or Beyond: Two Souls, are kinda similiar. They feel more like movies to be honest, with lots of action involved in terms of gameplay (ie. hopping up and down, shaking your controller, hoping you don't die as a result of your actions).However, Dontnod's Life is Strange feels more like the chill, down to earth version of those experiences.  It sorta feels like watching a movie, but with the quiet intimacy and immersion of reading a really good book. Everything feels like real day-to-day, but then there are elements that are extremely out of sorts and that's what makes this game such a curious mystery.You become so thoroughly invested in this story that you feel as if you become the protagonist herself. Her pain is your pain, her joy is your joy. You learn to love and hate the people she interacts with. You become devastated and overwhelmed by your actions. You experience this huge array of feelings, only to come temporarily to your gamer senses long enough to reflect and think, ""wait, I'm playing a game? I completely forgot."" It is an experience like I have never had before.It's probably best that this game released in episodic increments, allowing for it to cliffhang its audience quite effectively. If I had to make a reccomendation (since the entire game is out already out), if you haven't tried this game yet and are going to do so, try playing through one episode at a time and taking a short break in-between to give yourself time to theorize and think about what the story is doing. The story paces itself wonderfully as is, but I feel like having those periods of rest allow you to fully appreciate the plot and take in all the game has to give.Many people have voiced how they didn't like the ending to this game. That everything about it was excellent, save for the ending. And their qualms essentially boil down to ""I didn't feel like my choices really mattered in the end"", and to be honest, that's true to an extent. You make a series of choices throughout this game, and most of them have short-term consequences and some you see further down the road, but when it comes to major decisions, life works essentially the same way. And that's why I love this game. I honestly don't go day-to-day remembering all the mundane choices of my life, I only spend time reflecting back on major life decisions. This game isn't necessarily about the importance of free choice, but more about the journey of navigating through them. I could go on about this game for ages. This game is a masterpiece to me, whether people agree or not.In conclusion, please give this game a try if you haven't played it. Hell, play this game even if you're not even that fond of games. If you're fond of hearing a good story, this game is for you. I know a few people that shrugged it off from the get-go during episode 1 just because they felt it was too hipster, or too lame in terms of the story moving at first, but it does develop to be so much more than that."
76561198206000073,Recommended,319630,17226539,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ErosLogos,"Well worth the money, and quite possibly will go down in history as one game that advanced the medium. The best part of the narrative is how ""real"" it feels; not merely realistic, real. The characters are three dimensional, complex: all but one of the ""bad"" characters have endearing qualities. The protagonists, including Max, aren't perfect either. I kept thinking back to my own life during high school; there wasn't anything in this game, apart from the time rewinding and strange weather, that wasn't part of the background in which I swam.Truth be told, the parts that are considered ""♥♥♥♥ed up"" probably you accepted as normal in high school. Teen pregnancy, bullying, the sense that the staff doesn't really care, teachers you loved, teachers you hated, mean girls/boys, drugs, young love, the eager tryhard, etc; if this wasn't part of how things were for you, then I can only conclude you have led a very privileged life or have conveniently forgot. The only thing that wasn't part of the background for me was any implication that there were ""goings on"" between certain teachers and certain students, though it could have been happening for all I know.You don't need to be a girl to connect and relate. I'm not. This has been a rambling essay.The graphics aren't bleeding edge, but they don't need to be. The soundtrack is fitting, but whether or not one loves it is entirely taste dependent. It's not for the prudish or puritanical, or those whose memories are rose-tinted. It's also not for those who's measure of realism is the absence or presence of the supernatural.Despite the fact that the strange occurances and Max's powers are important, that's not what will hold your attention. It's the fact that everything else is taken directly from life. The characters feel like people. The setting feels like a place. The dialog doesn't feel...fictional, I want to say?Anyway, this will go down as the strangest positive review here. This game is worth your time, if you are willing to leave behind all preconceptions of what a game should be."
,Recommended,319630,17503672,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,lab,"Absolutely one of the most amazing, stunning, and beautiful game.The lighting, the atmosphere, settings, and more are incredible.The audio is wonderful and it fits perfectly with the theme of the game.The only problem is the lip sync of the characters but that's the only flaw."
,Recommended,319630,27345192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rubix,You may think that this game is a teeny bopper game but once you have met the characters and got past episode 1 (character development) the story kicks into overdrive. Be ready for ups; down and the best feel train you will ever be on.
76561198119627606,Recommended,319630,27345000,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,triplüS,"Oh my, this game was an emotional rollarcoaster. I was far enough behind the hype train to play all 5 episodes back-to-back and it was amazing. Not a lot of replay value, but definitely a game everyone has to play at LEAST once."
76561198018011295,Recommended,319630,27345979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,»»» This Wa¥ »»»,such a masterpiece
,Recommended,319630,14367890,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Augustus,"One of the best games i have played lately. Can't wait for chapter 2. Awesome artwork, kickass music. Good character.  Definetly a must buy."
,Recommended,319630,34738576,Posted: 4 September,all,Ble4K,"What an experience this game is. Starts off very innocent but gets darker and darker, the final episode is especially fantastic.I'd definitely reccomend it. Glad i finished it just in time for the prequel game!"
,Recommended,319630,32808510,Posted: 26 June,all,ThriftTown,The Rule34 of this game is pretty good
,Recommended,319630,24823268,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BIG SCREAM,ok which one of you recommended me to play this and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my heart over
,Recommended,319630,24742055,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Salt Lord,"Amazing Game, the only game where I've ever actually cared about the characters enough to cry over them. Great choices and consequences. The soundtrack is the best. Great visual style.  Everything about this game is amazing."
,Recommended,319630,34744063,Posted: 4 September,all,Will Sing For Food,"Ive just finished the whole game, i cried for a while... im not a sensative guy but this game ruined me. Absolutely buy this game if you can"
,Recommended,319630,24679380,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dutchguts,"Such a good game! Seriously! I tend to like games with a rich storyline and things to explore, and this game is full of both. Plus, it has all the feels."
,Recommended,319630,33363134,Posted: 7 July,all,LibertyUrbanOutlaw,"Well, I guess what's good with this game has already been covered in it's description.However, only thing they didn't mention is the need of tissues.Life Is Strange is like nothing I've ever played, or watched, or read. I dare saying it's actually beyond them. It's a epic story while you have to make decisions on your own, and change it, make it yours, and find yourself can do so little, but live through it, instead.I also have to say, it could be a little tough sometimes, just stay focused, and try to stay strong, and do what you have to do, like how you manage your own life, at some point, hard ones.In the onther, the game also has good graphics along with optimization.It worth what it costs, as far as I concern, hella great game with hella great story that gives you hella great experience.10/10 works for me.Now where are my tissues??"
76561198260828720,Recommended,319630,28225171,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gabywoarms,Sound effects and a spectacular story
,Recommended,319630,33268980,Posted: 5 July,all,§Çhärmîñg Čręšçëńt§,"(Please Excuse For Bad Grammar)After 29Hours Of gameplay | 6 Hours of messing around while waiting to buy Episode 2-5 | 23hours of really playing the game, I have finally Finished The game with total of 60/60 Achievements.To Be Honest, This game is Awesome. The story Is Great, The Graphic Is Extremely Good, with my toaster, i play run this game at 30 fps at high setting. I love the art style of the game. I like how We can change the time and make everything right. The SoundTrack Is Beautiful And Relaxing.But Beside of that, the lip sync isn't really good but no one cares anyway :P. There Are some Choises Are Petty Darn Important for the future events, so think before you choose.I swear From the episode 3 to 5. Everything is a total chaos.Everyone That's interested in the story-driven games and have kind of a potato laptop. This game is for you.∞/10 Would Buy LiS: Before The Storm When Have Money."
,Recommended,319630,27352872,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lxlBoWlxl,daMMMMMMMME
,Recommended,319630,34809878,Posted: 8 September,all,CharlesMggg,Why bother save the world if there's no chloe??
,Recommended,319630,27564025,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rashu,I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,319630,24576467,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kafkaesque,"This game is brilliant and powerful. The writing in it is amazing. The art has its own unique style. Get all the episodes, don't wait for a sale.I spent 18 hours on my first play through (about 3 hours per episode+extra time for exploring the environment & looking for achievements), and will definitely play through again!"
,Recommended,319630,30783218,Posted: 27 March,all,Concussive,"Too much picturesque things to notice the story ; - ; *repeats episode 2 over and over again, Something good by ALT-J*"
,Recommended,319630,14396146,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Warrior Bond,"Everyone who tired out Dontnods last effort Remember Me should agree the strenght of that game was it's time rewinding mechanic which was woefully underutilized there.  Life is Strange is their attempt to take this mechanic and build an entire story around it.  The time rewind function works extremely well and has some pretty interesting uses for choices both big and small.  While some may complain that it's too obvious where to use the mechanic I would counter that there are enough consequences for both doing and not doing certain things that it doesn't matter so much when you rewind time to alter events as much as why you're doing it.  The choices in this game are not easy, and some immediate benefits may haunt you later and vice versa.  The story has an interesting almost Twin Peaks style revolving around the small Oregon Town and a missing girl while also nailing the everyday life of high school kids and the problems they have with authority figures and each other.  Some may not enjoy the slow pace and mundanity of the opening chapter but for fans of story driven, choice based gameplay Life is Strange should definitely be on your must play list."
,Recommended,319630,34838796,Posted: 9 September,all,TaleEvil,"Surprising ending, touching story, great characterization"
,Recommended,319630,28935418,Posted: 2 January,all,K1ra,"Its hard to describe with words how awesome this game is. Well written story, good graphics, great soundtrack and the game's most impactful aspect in my opinion: great characters.I rarely enjoy this exact type of games but I'd consider this one as one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,319630,24641563,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,and Nico,Play it if you are 15 yo girl or wannabe 15 yo girl.
,Recommended,319630,34537382,Posted: 27 August,all,Big Mike,I cried.
,Recommended,319630,20152929,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,vemilyus,"I use this game as a ""valve"" (Sorry) to release my repressed emotions. Emotions that I feel I cannot show to other people. Probably because I don't know many people. I'm lonely.If you can identify with that then this game is perfect for you! It provides you with much needed tickets to Feeladelphia via the Feel-Train.You will cry while playing this game. You will listen to the licensed soundtrack afterwards, and then you will cry some more. No matter if you're a man or a woman, this game will make you its ♥♥♥♥♥!10/10But for the 9gaggers out here: 5/7"
,Recommended,319630,25276674,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,InsaneFlutters,"We all have that moment, where if we could go back in time and change it we would.This is the whole concept behind the game called ""Life is strange"". You step into the shoes of Maxine ""Max"" Caulfield. An 18 year old girl and aspiring photographer about to enroll into blackwell academy, a school specialized in science and art. While there she discovers her ability to bend time and change what has happened; and Max has things she wants to be undone, just like the rest of us.You'll be going through a vast series of events, you'll be given choices upon choices along with opportunities to change them when you see the outcome of your actions. You will constantly question whether you made ""the right decision"" or not.Life is strange isn't quite like any other game I've played. It's a really engrossing story, something that can; and most likely will; keep you glued to your screen for longer than you were planning. The artwork is somewhere in between cartoon and realistic animation, it's not either one entirely but that doesn't matter one bit. It's beautiful in its own way and you can tell they put a lot of effort into it, so looking past the sometimes 'clunky' and roughewed faces, hands, and unsynched lip movements isn't very hard.On top of that the choice of music fits the game very well, adapting to the different moods of the storyline without interruping dialogs, sometimes making you want to just sit back to relax and listen.Along with this you have a diary in which you can keep track of the events you've been through. Read up on characters you've met, and keep track of photos you've taken (and those you haven't). You'll see how the diary changes depending on what you find out while at blackwell, which for me places this game somewhere between being an rpg, a visual novel, and a ""traditional"" adventure game.I can't guarantee that you'll love this game, all I can say is that I do. I don't regret buying it and I'm genuinly glad to have played it.Life is strange is different, But that's what makes it great."
,Recommended,319630,19478988,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hide|or|Escape,"Life Is Strange is GAME OF THE YEAR for me.BEST STORY EVER WRITTEN FOR A VIDEO GAME.Graphically it looks great but its perfect in its own style and art. All locations are filled with details, it has good colorful atmosphere and this game is the closest to real life story simulation. It proves that it doesn't need next gen future graphics to make it feel realistic.The soundtrack matches the mood of the game. Every song fits perfectly. The narration is done very well and each character has a unique personality, it feels alive and realistic.You won't be disappointed by how trully amazing Life is Strange is.I highly recommend it! I personally really loved this game.I hope my review was helpful."
,Recommended,319630,18640917,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Connormac99,I can't believe this is over. This game has been such an influence to my life and I loved every second of it. This game will be in my heart forever. The story and characterization is what made this game for me: I will miss all of it's characters forever - I strongly hope season two will become a thing! :)Nominated for the game that made me cry award :)
76561198069159359,Recommended,319630,18635326,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SoulBullets,"EP 1: Man, this seems cool.EP 2: Oh lord, what have I gotten into...EP 3: o,o waitwhatnow? ... 0,0 WAITSAYWHATNOW?!EP 4: ;~; WTF is going on?!EP 5: *eyes explode*......q~q I............10/10, Would take selfie again."
,Recommended,319630,18636164,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Meta³,"DISCLAIMER: THIS GAME IS NOT ""FUN"" IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A ""FUN"" GAME, GO BUY GTA V.And now to the review.This game is one of the best games I have played in a very long time. It is also both extremely depressing, and extremely uplifting at different points. If you are looking for a great experience and dont mind aesthetics like animations or amazing graphics too much, then buy this game. It is more than worth the 20 some odd dollars.(side note: be prepared for some extremely heavy points and many days of feeling horrible)I would absolutely reccomend this game a thousand times over"
76561198045348196,Recommended,319630,25036850,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"I enjoy all the telltale series, especially the walking dead series, although I have that on a different gaming system. This is also a telltale series game.  Pretty well written game.  Really great story.  Im only half-way thru on episode 3 out of 5.  Overall,  very decent game!"
,Recommended,319630,31452004,Posted: 29 April,all,dreadis(not)cool,makes u sound like a ♥♥♥♥♥ if you say its an emotional rollercoaster but it is lol
,Recommended,319630,14341664,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,a1varez,"I can't say anything about this game. JUST BUY IT! BUY IT NOW!I FCKIN' RECOMMEND IT!!!11!!1!!!111!Great story, immersion, the pheels, the soundtrack.. I'm sorry Telltale XD"
,Recommended,319630,32305692,Posted: 9 June,all,AppalledApplaud,I'm not emotionally prepared to write a review. Give me a good 15 years of therapy.
,Recommended,319630,29172348,Posted: 10 January,all,-Squirrel-Cupcake-,"Very unique and awesome game.It made me laugh, it made me cry, only a good game will do that to you.Stroy : 10/10Music : 10/10Voice acting : 10/10Controls : 9/10Graphics : 8/10Feels 11/10"
,Recommended,319630,30021648,Posted: 18 February,all,dream,"Life Is Strange was on sale on steam so i picked it up and i wished that i bought it earlier as it is one of the best story driven games that i have ever played, totally worth the $5 that i paid for it."
76561198011066456,Recommended,319630,33067766,Posted: 30 June,all,Davwe,"""Oh, episode 1 is free... It got pretty good reviews, I guess I'll check it out...""*Literally 12 hours later...*""Damn, what a rollercoaster..."""
,Recommended,319630,30703712,Posted: 24 March,all,XF|TranquiliZer,This game is probably the best in its genre. It provides an unique and unforgetable experience that will f**k up your day.
76561198116260569,Recommended,319630,29318950,Posted: 17 January,all,Skeleton King,bloody good11/10
,Recommended,319630,30571968,Posted: 17 March,all,Golden Boy,"I thought I would break down what works in this game and what doesn't. To preface, I loved the game and I will await season two with bated breath.What works:The Visuals - The first thing you will notice when you start the game is the visual style they have chosen. It works extremely well with the gameplay. Its somewhere between painted and cel-shaded, but it achieves uniqueness without feeling abstract. Characters are porportioned accurately and colors and the environment really pop. Since the game works with an enclosed environment, almost every item has been crafted with love and it shows.The Music - One of the most common symptoms upon completion of the game is looking up the soundtrack on youtube. Every song just feels soright.When you walk onto the school grounds on a sunny day you are greeted with an uplifting guitar/piano track that immediately entices you to explore. When you are hanging out on the characters bed on a lazy sunday a melancholy guitar rift echoes through the room. It sucks you right in.The Direction - A lot of reviews have compared this game to something like an interactive movie. After playing it's easy to see where that sentiment comes from. The camera positioning during the cutscenes is really great. In particular were the in-game scenes where the camera would pan around the room you were in as a soft indie-rock song plays on the stereo. I found myself staying in these scenes for 5 or so minutes appreciating the melancholy atmosphere. It felt like a real human moment and served to suck me into the game's narrative further.The Dialogue and voiceover - To me the characters felt real much for these reasons. Hannah Telle - the VO for max was paricularly standout in a game with all around terrific performances.What doesn't work:The animations and facial expressions - For a game that is so focused on human interaction and the choices we make that affects them, it's pretty jarring when the characters look like they are made of cardboard and have basically no facial expressions. There was a point in the game where every character remarked on how 'serious' Max's face looked in light of some story events, but when the camera panned I found myself looking at the same old blank face she always wore. It seems terrible to waste such great voice work on such stale animations. The game begun development in 2013, so I hope by the next season we will see a marked improvement in this regard."
76561198074229592,Recommended,319630,30716672,Posted: 24 March,all,Josh_BP,"Amazing, not much more can be said. I hope a sequel is in production."
76561198148687348,Recommended,319630,31351386,Posted: 24 April,all,MADD0G281,I Dont have a single regret trying this game nor buying the rest of the chapters! if your into a long story that makes you think like about life? then this is something for everyone. made me cry 3 times. 9/10
,Recommended,319630,32448085,Posted: 15 June,all,Lalatina,11/10 :'}
,Recommended,319630,34888549,Posted: 11 September,all,PICKLE RICK,"EPISODE 1 : OK, THIS GAME IS COOLEPISODE 2 : ROCK ON, CHLOEEPISODE 3 : WHAT THE---EPISODE 4 : WHAT.THE.♥♥♥♥EPISODE 5 : I'VE THROUGH ALL OF THIS FOR SOMETHING, AND I'M NOT GONNA LOSE IT"
,Recommended,319630,25177792,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vicomte,"This game is amazing. It will make you smile, laugh and cry your eyes out; and when you finish the game, it will make you feel empty. This game Absolutely brilliant. DONTNOD and Square Enix nailed it. LiS proves that a game doesn't need amazing 4k quality graphics and kickass gameplay to be enjoyable.TL;DR:Buy this game, even if it will take your yearly salary. It is a life-changing experience.█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,319630,31098246,Posted: 12 April,all,Peregrine,"This game is a masterpiece. It's so beautiful that I didn't think twice on getting it at Steam even though I've finished it already on my console.The story is the best thing about this game. As you play on every episode, you just can't expect what's going to happen next. You can't not love the characters, especially Max whom I think is one of the best fictional characters in the gaming world. The characters' character development is well written and you will surely get attached to them and their stories.The game will make you laugh, cry and realize a lot of things. Gameplay isn't my favorite but hey, it still won my heart. If you want to take a break from too much action, get this game. Did I mention that it has a pretty sick soundtrack as well? Like what I said, it's a masterpiece. Now I can't wait for ""Life is Strange: Before the Storm"". Thank you for such a wonderful game, Dontnod."
,Recommended,319630,35029688,Posted: 17 September,all,Einhander,"I love you too, Mr. Jefferson."
76561198056479963,Recommended,319630,18212640,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Diaphanous,I'm so addicted. This is my new life.
,Recommended,319630,24505309,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Johann (Titan),"I only have episode 1 and I love it, but I can't find where to get the other episodes"
,Recommended,319630,18589122,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,синий whale,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,319630,18589305,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nalloc @Home,A game has never made me cry ... until now.. definitely worth a buy
,Recommended,319630,28806003,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Diesel Uterus,"Its just amazing, it really stays with you."
,Recommended,319630,32843932,Posted: 26 June,all,MashedPotatonator,"I wish there were more games like this.This is by far one of the best games I've ever played in my life.It may say that I have less than 15 hours played at the time of writing this review, but let me tell you. I will remember every single bit of it! To whoever wrote this, and to all those who worked on the game, you've done such an amazing job!Now, to the review.Where do I start? Ah, yes! The art styling, which is what you will first notice about this game.It's sort of in-between a realistic theme and a cartoony look, similar to The Walking Dead by Telltale. In my opinion, this really was a great choice by the designers as it really captures the theme of the story.Pretty much all the scenes in this game are an artistic masterpiece, in my opinion. This is debatable, obviously depending on how your point of view.The characters. In anything, be it a movie, book, or a video game, if you want your audience to enjoy the plot, it must have well written and designed characters, and this game certainly hits the spot.The development of the characters throught the game cause you to develop a certain attatchment to them, and you're always eager to see them progress throught the story, and that's something that you don't see in your typical video game.Depending on the decisions you make, the story can be altered in minor, or major, and i meanmajorways.If you're not satisfied with the outcome, however,you could rewind. Be be weary and don't get too reliant on the fact that Max, the main character can do this. Keep this in mind.The story is sure to get you a little teary eyed towards the end. Keep some tissues nearby, just in case. xD"
76561198020930539,Recommended,319630,32843928,Posted: 26 June,all,Cooleb,"I haven't been affected media this much in my life.I haven't cried this much from my own life in over a decade.This game is sweet and cruel and beautiful, but it's very intense and will beat you to hell. That's a serious warning, I have been excessively sad and anxious in my normal life while playing through this. I've been distracted at work, and lost a lot of sleep lying awake in bed. But i feel changed for it.I hate to talk it up and build expectations, but if there is an experience that's worth your time it's this.play it alone and expect longer than planned game sessions."
,Recommended,319630,18586909,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,orsgl1,This is officialy one of (if not) the best visual novel I have ever played.
,Recommended,319630,30126223,Posted: 23 February,all,dognose,I did not expect this game to be this great.
,Recommended,319630,28929039,Posted: 1 January,all,Solaire of Astora,"My Sweet Spaghetti Lord, this was ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, the gameplay is odd, you have to understand it's not like usual video games these days, it's all about choices and being invested in those choices. If you would love to expereince one hell of a story, then this is the gem for you, if you're looking for high octane FPS action, better luck elsewhere."
,Recommended,319630,25363529,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kelzak,"Phenomenal game with few to no flaws. Most well executed story I've seen in any game ever. Beautiful art style that sets a nice atmosphere. Sountrack that's great and perfect for the aesthetic of the game. Incredible sound design that really sets the tone for every scene where music plays and makes each scene very memorable. Very unpredictable plot that surprises you at every twist and turn. Really fair dialogue options. My only complaint is I never wanted it to end, but that's inevitable and really speaks to the game.Beautiful game that at the very least represents the best in this genre for sure. Well worth $20 and more."
,Recommended,319630,25362661,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,punkbooster,Totally worth it.
,Recommended,319630,25363293,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nobody,"Life Is Strange is proof that this genre of gaming needs a new name other than ""video game"". This is not a video game, this is high, emotional driven artwork.Chloe Price is my best friend and I love her."
76561198106012178,Recommended,319630,26592483,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,qwertystark,hella great game
76561198009620757,Recommended,319630,25363223,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DiSyllar,"I normally only enjoy singleplayer games for a couple hours or until I stop playing for the session, then I get bored and don't usually touch it again, so I decided to play Life Is Strange all in one session, and I started at 11 pm.I just finished, it is now 12:30 pm, and after my ~840 hour session I must say it's hands down the best game I've played. Everything feels so smooth, the controls are great, the soundtrack is amazing and the plot is hella fantastic. Very emotional game, you will probably tear up a little and become a beta, which is fine.All things considered, wowsers, this game is definitely a 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,28844013,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,rybaczewa,Don't be discouraged by the highschool setting of this game. The story is fantastic and gets really dark at times. Absolute must play.
76561198088760721,Recommended,319630,18651074,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kurokami,No Emojis. Just Love.10/10
76561198005552845,Recommended,319630,19327645,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,onIno,Beautiful :)
,Recommended,319630,18889491,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,XiaoWeiXiao,"Just play it, you'll understand why people love this game so much."
,Recommended,319630,18619334,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,blazer.383,"I not post reviews ever. I need to for the this.To start off if your are emoinal at all this Story will take a wail to get through.I still sugest you grab a copy, (I payed full price back in EP. 1 - I never pay full).I bought this on a wim, was looking for somthing difforent to play.Well  I found it.Im not going to spoil anything of the story because to be honest this needs a play.This is not a ""GAME"" Its a full story, that to be honest should be a movie/film.There is so many ups and downs, an once yout think you got it all figured out,it throws a curve ball straight out of left field.In conclusion if your done the AAA standred then spend 20 CDN on this andhave a story not just a ""GAME""."
,Recommended,319630,19667942,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kajuin,Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
76561198201170762,Recommended,319630,16541918,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chainsawmonkey :D,"SO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME. this game, omg this game is the best in the world10/10"
,Recommended,319630,28168144,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DMentMan,It's great.
,Recommended,319630,35268540,Posted: 28 September,all,A Particular Jurri,"After playing through it three times, it still doesn't fail to leave a lasting impression on me. LIS is a weird game to categorize. It does not really feel like a game in the first place, but rather as an interactive movie of sorts. I could write long paragraphs about why I love this game, but I'll just list what I think are the strong and weak points of the game (all subjective, of course.) Beware of minor spoilers.Positive:+ Interesting characters. Many of them start out as (American) high-school archetypes, but the game deconstructs these archetypes and the characters themselves as the game progresses. Good voice-acting helps to bring these characters to life.+ Amazing soundtrack that fits seamlessly with the scenes you find yourself in.+ Being a choice-based game, your choices bring about a lot of changes. Some are big, some are minor. The many nuances, changes to scenes further down the line and extra dialogue that occurs through these choices make the game feel rather life-like.+ The game is very interactive. You can interact with a lot of objects and characters in the game. A part of the game and its characters' stories are told through these little random interactions, which give the game's world a deeper dimension. Never just rush from one objective to another, there's a lot to explore and discover! There is also Max' diary, which is an entertaining read on its own and serves as a recap of what you've done in the game thus far.+ The overal atmosphere, compounded by the soundtrack, voice-acting, visuals and interactivity of the environment made for a very life-like experience that tugged on my heartstrings in ways few games manage to do. The game gets close to you, and it shows.+ Replay value is high with all the little and big choices you can make.Negative:- While the dialogue is good overal, it's quite clear the developers went a bit overboard with trying to make the teenager characters sound ''cool'', which results in some awkward and outdated use of of words and dialogue.- A major part of the story is never truly resolved/its origin is never explained in satisfactory detail.- While there are many choices to make in the game, and they do have impacts, the final scene comes down to a binary choice between two endings. Most major choices in the game have no effect on this final scene. Furthermore, while one ending is satsifactory in light of the game's narrative (if predictable), the other one seems grossly out of place and lazy.Mixed:+- Suicide, murder, sexual assault mentions and severe depression occur as themes in the game, which may make it unsuitable and possibly too personal for some people to play. Bear this in mind."
,Recommended,319630,25388100,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,gr3y,wtf...i'm crying...
76561198291039236,Recommended,319630,28619220,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Prospects,"I want to start off by saying that I'm well aware of the many criticisms this game has, and agree with almost all of them.  I know that the story has some odd parts; and that there are certain scenarios just for plot convenience.  I understand why Chloe Price (the main character's best friend) can be a difficult character to like/sympathize with.  Additionally, I know that there is a lot of teenage angst-filled dialogue.  Episode 1, in particular, had a lot of this awkward writing.  I can definately understand why many gamers would role their eyes to the back of their heads upon hearing these cringy conversations.  There is one odd thing about the flaws mentioned however.  For some reason, on my first blind playthrough, I PERSONALLY never noticed any of them.  In fact, I enjoyed a lot of the cringe dialogue (embarrassingly), and I also fell in love with the narrative...STORY BACKGROUND:Life is Strange is a coming of age story that takes place around a fictional town called Arcadia Bay, which rests on the Oregon Coast.  The main character, Max Caulfield, is an aspiring photography student who decides to leave Seattle, and go back to her hometown (Arcadia Bay), so she can attend Blackwell Academy for her final year of high school.  The narrative is centered around two main stories.  The first, is Max's personal discovery of what it truly means to be an adult.  Actions have consequences.  No matter what you do, sometimes things just don't work out the way you want them to.  The second, is a mystery behind the disappearance of a student known as Rachel Amber; a girl who had a strong connection with Max's best friend Chloe Price.STORY OPINION:Dontnod absolutely nailed the story.  Max's relationships and interactions with the rest of cast felt so damn perfect.  The story has a unique nostalgic aspect.  It makes the player feel like they've known Max, for the entirety of their lives.  Now, there is no doubt that the characters all have these stereotypical personalities that fit the roles one would expect in a high school story.  But, I think that this played to the game's advantage rather than its downfall.  Being a teenager myself, I developed strong sympathy for the main character, and was eager to watch her journey unfold.VOICE ACTING:The voice acting in this game was phenomenal.  From Frank, to Mark Jefferson and to Warren, every character had a distinct feel and tone.  Hannah Telle did a wonderful job with Max's character.  She perfectly captured the timid/geeky persona that the story needed.  Ashley Burch did a great job as Chloe.  Her flawless performance captured the cynical teenage character who was sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥y, but also endearing.  Burch continues to show her great voice acting talent within this game.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay is a simple third person linear experience, and that's ok.  It should be apparent to the player that this is not a GAMEPLAY-HEAVY video game.  It's a STORY-HEAVY video game.  Gameplay is centered around the inspection of objects, and Max's ability to rewind time.  There will be many scenarios that can occur based on the chosen dialogue or decisions made in a conversation.  If the player doesn't like a certain outcome, Max can rewind time and take on the conversation/scenaio from a different approach.  However, there are CERTAIN choices which are PERMANENT.  I'd like to note that there are subtle touches within the in-game experience, which make small contributions to the overall story.  Max's animations really portray her as a shy person.  She will sometimes rub the back of her neck, or hold one of her arms with the other.  (Lip syncing needs major improvement though).GRAPHICS/ART DESIGN:The graphics are not the best, but that's because of the unique art design.  The game almost has this cartoony yet realistic feel, that perfectly complements the mood and tone of the story.  From the radiant sunsets, to the blowing of leaves in the wind and rain, and to the darkness of the night, it was all very pleasant for the eyes.  It's deceptively beautiful.SOUND DESIGN/OST:The atmosphere to this game was so ♥♥♥♥ING good to experiece.  And I think this should really be accredited to the composer (Jonathan Morali) for the sountrack, and the director (Frederic Devanlay) for the sound design.  The music worked right along side the graphical style and changed the tone from calm to dreary to excitement and to sadness.  Songs from outside artists are used within the game, and I thought they were integrated appropriately.  This game has some of the best ambience I've ever experienced.  The simple yet brilliant ""moments of calm,"" are perfect examples.  This is where Max can sit down and take in the environment around her, as the player listens to her internal thoughts.VERDICT:This is a very bold statement, and I know many people will think I'm crazy, but Max Caulfield is one of my favorite characters in all of gaming.  I love this game and I think I always will.  I have no shame in it.  I know a lot of people hate it, I know a lot of people hate the ending, and I know a lot of people think its over-rated.  And that's completely fine, because I view this game as an experience.  There will never be an experience that can satisfy or connect with everyone.  I'm just glad to say that I was able to connect with this game, and I am grateful that it came into my life when I needed a really good story.""Time to change time...""-Max Caulfield"
,Recommended,319630,29390549,Posted: 20 January,all,Heathensauce,"Okay I just beat Life Is Strange and did research on the multiple endings.This game is amazing, and definitely worth the money, and just plain... Amazing. Holy crap.Buy this.I wont say anything about the game that would even be the most minor of spoilers.So on that regard, I will say episode 5 ruined the whole damn game, but dont get me wrong, its still definitely worth a play and definitely still amazing.But the end was just disappointing. It was full of ambiguity, and massively erratic to a point to where it was just disappointing. Maybe some will enjoy the... Imagination, but for me, it was too illogical. Also, luckily for me I studied the Chaos theory extensively and I found that this game isnt very well based on this. The chaos theory is more based upon explaining a double rod pendulum, or the weather. It is based upon a random mathematical equation with a certain degree of polarity and consistency mixed with erratic and unspecified behavior. This game is based upon that to a degree, but in many concepts, it lost the chaos theory and wound up just being imaginative. Also, the chaos theory is not based upon time and space being corrupted or in a scientific sense, misaligned.What this is closer based upon but still not completely is the string theory. you'll also find that based upon the string theory if multiple realities or dimensions intersect, it will not cause a large 'storm' but rather cause a intersect which could damage time causing things to move slower or cause black spaces, but in theory, we will not notice or perceive these things, they will be out of our ability to perceive such complex phenomenon. This is called the perturbation theory. A very complex form of quantum physics which I will NOT get into.I can however see why the chaos theory was chosen.Many believe (Which is completely wrong by the way.) that the chaos theory is proof of god or a higher form or proof of life after death or of significant other phenomenon like this. This is NOT the case, this is just a very complex form of mathematical equations which are meant to find a semi-accurate reading on how to predict the weather, or where a double rod pendulum will go. Or where the wind will blow, or how the seas will move. This is a prediction method based upon virtually completely erratic and nearly unpredictable behavior. But as our ability to perceive and learn from a certain seemingly erratic thing (Like the weather.) we become increasingly better at predicting it. We have increased our ability to predict the weather by perceiving it in a more... clearer sense. The chaos theory is about being able to perceive something in a more compatible way of a certain subject in order to better predict it. In other words, what may seem erratic and completely unpredictable to us, is actually hiddenly predictable to some degree. We just dont have the ability to perceive something in a way that we can predict it yet.I feel even though this game is very illogical, and not really scientifically correct, the story is yet still amazing and beautiful, even though the ending was rather disappointing.So yes, buy this, and kudos if you read all this you bibliophile you."
,Recommended,319630,24561962,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheToad,"I finally got around to playing this game. The gameplay might take a little while getting used to at first, as you are mostly just walking/looking around and interacting with people and objects. Later you also get the ability to rewind time, which is the main ""gimmick"" of the game, and can be used to redo choices that you have made, unlock new conversation options, and solve simple puzzles. And you definitely want to make the right choices as often as possible, as that is in my opinion the most important part of the game.The story starts with Max having a vision of her hometown being destroyed by a huge tornado followed by seeing her friend getting shot. Using her newfound time rewinding powers she tries to change the past as well as the future for the better, while discovering all the hidden skeletons that the citizens of Arcadia Bay are hiding in their closets.Most of the characters in the game were very well written. Sure, youdohave a couple of stereotypes, but the most central characters were very likeable/hateable. Some characters might seem nice at first, but then turn out to be evil. Others might seem bad, but in the end they are just trying to do the right thing. Interacting with all these characters, and having to make choices based on only what you have learned up until that point, can be very a very hard thing to do. Luckily you have the power to rewind time and redo your choices right away, but you can't go too far back, so all your choicesdohave consequences, which isgreat. Sometimes you are forced into making decisions that you don't want to make. Other times you end up  regretting the decisions that youdidmake.Another thing that deserves to be mentioned is the soundtrack. The soundtrack of this game is in my opinion one of the best game soundtracks out there. It relies mostly on tracks made by indie artists, which was a great way to go. Sure, music is a matter of taste, and some might find the music too ""emo"" or ""hipster"", but despite having only heard of a couple of the artists (Syd Matters, Bright Eyes), I enjoyed pretty much all of the songs. And they fit the mood and atmosphere of the game so, so well.It took me around 15 hours to finish the game, exploring every nook and cranny I could find. As long as you play the game for the story and characters and not for the gameplay itself, I think you will get a lot of enjoyment out of Life is Strange.If I had to say something negative, it would be that 1) achivements bugged out for me at one point, and I had to create a new save file (which is very easy to do and doesnt take much time) to get the episode one achivements 2) I enjoyed the first couple of episodes more than the latter ones, as I felt that especially episode five was maybe a bit too ""artsy""/""over the top"" 3) At certain points the graphics and the lip sync animation looked a bit subpar.But all in all I really enjoyed this game and definitely recommend it. And episode 1 isfree! Just try it, and then buy the other episodes if (when) you like it."
76561198025321433,Recommended,319630,25855338,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,American Currency,"A great story-driven game where every choice you make matters and everything you see may not be as it seem. There is not much to say about the game except that it is a must for everyone who wants a good, sad story and challenging decisions!"
76561198007510369,Recommended,319630,18718006,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beefy Chiefy,"I can say nothing for this game that hasn't been said already. Simply put if you are going to buy any game that has been released in the last couple years, buy this one and if you do get the tissues. You will need em :'("
76561198012951763,Recommended,319630,18721240,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hawk0900,I don't review games ever. This game made me expirence feelings that no video game has before. I havent played a game that drew me in this much since Ocerina of Time
76561198154335096,Recommended,319630,19101257,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,cum dumpster,this game killed something inside of mewould play againbest game ever 10/10
,Recommended,319630,19110828,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Đe℣iŀ,Best story plot ever i had to play and see.10/10
76561198243093258,Recommended,319630,19129546,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,rawprodukt,"Lets just start with saying this is an amazing story that constantly keeps you wondering if you made the right choice.I was intreged with the first 3 episodes and it kept me wondering what will happen next, then the final 2 episode hit you like a tornado and no matter how late it is or tired you are, you must simply see how it unfolds. All with a couple of endings that will bring tears to your eyes... Wow.. FYI First review ever... felt i needed to"
76561198055869172,Recommended,319630,19165738,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,YOLOhunter199,"it's so intense,  this game actualy made me cry.this is the best experience in my gaming history."
,Recommended,319630,19274056,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Charby,I cried like a school girl. Would totally cry again.
,Recommended,319630,19275748,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sammy~nya,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. And to think I just ♥♥♥♥ing stumbled over this game one day when I had like five bucks in my steam wallet and it was new. Holly ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy the god damn thing already! 20,000/10 would cry about it all over again."
,Recommended,319630,19300263,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Krypto-Mike,Watering a plant has consequences.10/10 Would water plant again.
76561198013817019,Recommended,319630,19302708,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Aoki,"loved this game, was so interesting to play and so heartbreaking too, couldnt stop playing"
76561198085447095,Recommended,319630,19304361,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mortalis86,"Wow. I sat down to play a game for an hour, and ended up playing it through the end. The story was engageing and heart wrenching. I cant wait to replay this."
76561198046118277,Recommended,319630,19562476,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DarkAngeL,"Never heard of this game, was looking for something like role playing but entertaining. First time I have ever played a story game. This was on spesh $16 for all 5 episodes so why not. I bought this 3 days ago, none stop play from episode 1 - 5 and finished all within 3 days (sorry for the neglect house, dishes, shower lol). Never will I do all 1 - 5 in one go.......I am so emotionally depleted, what a roller coaster, I definitely can't play this in VR (no doubt they will do) it will be way too intense.I kept two save slots going, making opposite decisions just cause I loved to see all the storylines and how decisions effect. 8/10 decisions did'nt make as much as an impact as I expected (like witcher 3). Be cool if we could have more options with fun but minor things such as what to wear. Other than that, looking forward to season 2!!!"
,Recommended,319630,19580815,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Seifer974,"Best Game Ever.It's so emotional !Pros :- The story by hitself is really good and the development is unexpected (in a good way);- Lots of conversations that are well written;- Every choice you made has an impact on the story;- Every character has a very good development;- The OST is awesome;Cons :- The graphics are ok but lacks of good facial expressions;- If you like action games, well it's not for you. It's more like an intercative movie;- You will kill for a second season.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,19586607,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dkdudeman,"I've never written a review for a game before now. I finally decided to do it for Life Is Strange because I can't stop thinking about it.This game moved me so much, with its intense level of emotion, all of its personable and unforgettable characters, and its drive to shock and entertain. Life Is Strange gives an excellent, intricate look at the effect your choices can have on your life and the world around you.If anything, this game is interesting and immersive, and probably worth your time."
,Recommended,319630,19740455,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ninjyte,"Witcher 3 aside, this was my favorite game of 2015.Video games are a medium utilized in both enjoying a product through its ludic value, or receiving a story with aspects unique from one that could be told from a book or movie. Life is Strange is more of the latter.While it has a story whose message has likely been told before through other mediums, the way it delivers the morals of the narrative were smartly intertwined with the gameplay. You play as Max Caulfield, a typically angsty (cringey for many) eighteen year-old high school student who supernaturally gains the power to rewind time. Imagine spilling coffee on your pants in real life; You could rewind time to prevent that from happening in this game. Or remember an embarrassing moment you had in public; You could rewind time to repeal the incident from others' memories in this game. Exploration of scenes and areas is also a vital element of the game, allowing the player to hear exposition of Max' thoughts and information on Blackwell Academy, her peers, or the town of Arcadia Bay. Dialogue choices are created in a way where the player doesn't need to save-scum, because you can rewind time to change immediate decisions, or pick up information from an abruptly-ended conversation to question it back to a character, to learn more information.The story itself I won't detail with the conviction that most games are better enjoyed with knowledge limited to a brief synopsis of the game. But on the part of the steam page's bio about it ""[setting] out to revolutionize story based choice and consequence games"", did so in a way that was profound and in my mind unique to Life is Strange's story, yet all the while being not what I expected it to be after finishing episode 5.Go into the game without taking anything - the characters, Max, the dialogue - superficially. There's an underlying meaning behind stark symbolism that will impact some people a lot more than others, more recognizable to some with familiar experiences."
76561198120708426,Recommended,319630,19756665,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Anunidir,"IDC WHO YOU ARE, IF YOU WANT TO FEEL IN LIFE PLAY THIS GAME. IT HAS YOU QUESTIONING YOURSELF THE WHOLE ENTIRE GAME.. THIS GAME LITERALLY RIDES YOU LIKE A ROLLERCOASTER AND HAS SO MANY FEELS. IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT KIND OF GAME PREFERENCE YOU HAVE WHAT SO EVER IF YOU ARE CAPABLE TO MOVE A MOUSE THEN PLAY THIS GAME NOW. YOU WILL NOT REGRET PURCHASING SUCH AN AMAZING GAME.100/10 Best.game.ever.made..."
,Recommended,319630,19814835,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TheOneHitPupper,A game that's very hard to say goodbye to.
76561198151075524,Recommended,319630,19840967,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Brambachacer,"This is hands down the best interactive story game I have ever played.  My previous favs, Wolf Among Us and Beyond Two Souls, don't even register on the same scale."
,Recommended,319630,19860233,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,先輩 Machina,Overwhelming...The soundtrack followed me everyday since.
,Recommended,319630,19958931,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bleve,"I have a strange feeling while I playing this game. And find out there are many barriers in front of our life. We have to face those problem and slove it. Maybe there are some terrible meltdown happen to us, but we still need to calm down and face it, dt just avoid true but try to slove it.Finally have to say, this game really worth to play in deep"
,Recommended,319630,19961313,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Lonely Dwarf,"I don't normally review games, but this one is worth it. I can describe it in two words. ""♥♥♥♥ you"" This game will rip your heart in two, put it back together, and then run it through a paper shredder. Only play this game if you are emotionally stable. If you are, then it is an amazing game."
,Recommended,319630,20009317,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mystery,This game is SO GOOD...There should be much more games like this piece of art!
,Recommended,319630,20016696,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sidney crosby,"I can't really review this game without spoiling most of it, so I'm just going to say this: 1). I never knew I could be this emotionally attached to characters in a video game 2). This is probably the greatest game I have ever played. With all of the twists and turns throughout the story I couldn't stop playing this game. And for those of you who care about visuals and graphics: they aren't top of the line, but you really won't pay attention to the little things like that while playing this game.I highly recommend Life Is Strange to anybody and everybody who has ever considered playing it."
76561198084467478,Recommended,319630,20040144,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,awesomeguy88,"I'm not much into the story based games, but this one blew me away. One thing you have to make sure of is the fact that you need to have the right mentality to play this game, you don't want to play this game out of boredom, or to get to the end, cause then you'll probably hate the game. This game takes time and patience, and every little note or clue you find, always supports the main story. You have to go into this game wanting to hear a story and solve a true mystery. I recomend buying episode 1 by itself first before buying the complete package, just to make sure you like the game. However the 5th episode was well worth the wait. The only reason why I wouldn't give this game a 10/10 is because the multiple choice aspect can tend to be a bit repetitive with the outcomes. Final Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,22327916,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nugfar,The game sits in my library for more than half a year. Maybe I wasn't impressed at first 5 minutes thinking It's just another teenage campus game or maybe I wanted to wait all episodes come out.Once I fully commit to the game my mind is blown. It is such brilliant and surprisingly beautiful and hmm educational (at least on photography). Ohh the soundtrack. I can't give enough love to those lovely music. I never played a game that feels so relaxing like this. Yet sometimes it becomes so intense.If Telltale's Walking Dead is the best among the Walking Dead series then this is easily the best among the Butterfly Effect movies.For $20 what are you waiting for? I played 2 times in a row for 35 hours and I enjoyed every second!
76561198037694164,Recommended,319630,24640785,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hawk,"I tried the Episode 1 for free, and immediately bought the rest of the episodes. I've never played a game like this --- amazing visuals, music, and storyline. To get the most out of this game you definitely have to take your time and explore your environment around you; each item Max intereacts with reveals her thoughts about her life. All kinds of emotional and deep messages are hidden throughout the game, with each decision and interaction making you question your choices and morals. 9/10, I can't wait for another game like this."
,Recommended,319630,24645270,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zgragselus,"One of the best games I've ever played. Or is it more an interactive story? Hell who the hell cares, this is just a must have.The story is mature, it can clearly fight big names in sci-fi and storytelling. Names like Ray Bradbury (who also inspired the authors), movies like The Butterfly Effect, and anime like Higurashi nu naku koro ni. It almost feels like you are living a story in this adventure.As for execution, the graphics perfectly fit the game, the authors didn't aim for triple-A photorealistic graphics, but a stylized one. And hell, that makes this story even better. Gameplay, this is how adventures in 21st century should look like. It is the way 3D adventures should go and tell stories.I see that these authors did what I'm aiming for (and what I'd like to create one day). They didn't just create another game, they told a story - a masterpiece."
76561198126103108,Recommended,319630,24646709,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AbbiNormal,"This game is AMAZING!  I purchased all 5 episodes during Steam's Summer Sale (2016).  This is the best game I have ever played.  Incredible cinematography, beautiful art, excellent voice acting, and a relaxing and moody soundtrack envelope you in this small town of Arcadia Bay.   The writers interwove multiple plots so very well, and I hope to experience more work from this studio.  Plot points bring the player into experiencing real issues that so many teenagers and young adults face today, but I also enjoyed so many moments of nostalgia, as this takes place in Oregon, where I'm originally from.  I give it 11 out of 10 stars.  This exceeded my expectations.I hope I haven't set expectations too high with this review.  I just haven't experienced anything like this before."
76561198022520927,Recommended,319630,24653953,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,kornerr,The game was so intense. The ending was heart breaking. Thanks for that game. It's a masterpiece.
,Recommended,319630,24910130,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MankeY,"If there is a god somewhere,He created this game.Everything is amazing!The soundtrack is one of the best I've heared and it suites the game perfectly.The gameplay is fun and addictiveThe story?This is really the best thing in this game!I've never had a game who would make me feel so much..the dialogues add so much and everything is just.. 10/10.TL;DRBuy this game,I have never seen anything like it."
,Recommended,319630,25136677,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nofate301,"I have loved morality based thought games before, with consequences.  Think Farenheight(Indigo Prophecy) or Heavy Rain.  But this game brought such a solid story that I have to say this may be one of the best ever.The controls are simple and very intuitive.  Within 5 seconds of game play, I was on track and engaged in the story.The game opens very quickly directly to what's going on, and leaves the player a little confused, but interested.  After 10 minutes, I gave a damn who Max(protagonist) was and why she loved photography.The story is the driving force here.  Don't rush, take your time, and explore.  Talk to the people in the background. Or at least try to.I recommend this game whole heartedly.  The price is almost insanely good.  20 bucks for all 5 episodes.  I read it at first thinking each episode was 20 bucks, but I'm glad I clicked and read.  This is a steal for 20 bucks.  This is going to be added to my steam library so hard.*****Information preceding this line occurred before I finished the game.*****I just completed Life is Strange, and I cannot stress how amazing of a game this is.  You are going on a trip that you will enjoy from the very beginning, to the absolute end.I want to gush more about it, I want to scream everything, but I think a lot of it would be better discussed with a therapist or a theoretical physicist."
,Recommended,319630,25337107,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LIGHTCIF3R,"Great, complex, charismatic characters? Check. Well thought, dramatic, cliff hanging plot? Check. AWESOME soundtrack? Check. Good, optimized graphics? Check. Nice controls? Double check!I give it 12/10! It is totally worth the money, even at full price.Sometimes, Life is Strange made me laugh. It also brought me to tears. Playing this immersive game truly affected my emotional state, as the tough choices I had to make as Max were to me all a kind of small metaphores to everything I've been dealing with in real life -- I am the same age as the main character of the game and, hence, found it very easy to relate to her. It's a game that probably will make you rethink your whole life after you finish every chapter."
,Recommended,319630,25337820,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Catchphrase,"The whole making the first episode free thing is evil. You'll immediately buy the rest of the game after playing the first episode. It's like they laid one free fun-size Butterfinger on the ground for you to enjoy, and then stashed a whole pile of Butterfingers in the middle of a nearby field of bear traps. ""Damn, that Butterfinger was good. Heyyy, more Butterfingers!""I know I sound stupid but Life is Strange is honestly art and is the only game I've played that has ever made me cry. Seriously, give this game a try."
,Recommended,319630,25954669,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shazbot[TKC],After playing Firewatch I didn't have much hope of finding another story rich game that tugged at my heart strings but holy god did this one deliver. Dat soundtrack tho. Please make a season 2 I keep looking for more games like this.
,Recommended,319630,25959833,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,=РП=СтуКа,Not even time can stop this feel train.
,Recommended,319630,26248010,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mydol,It was amazing. Best game i've played in a long time. I cried like a newborn baby.
,Recommended,319630,26399570,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,lotrmld,"I love this game so much it's my life. I keep coming back to it for the amazing visuals and story. The community is so nice and there are stunning fanarts and cosplays that I also participate in myself. Time travel is a very difficult concept to create but this game does it perfectly, with every choice affecting how you play with two heartbreaking endings difficult to decide upon. Lovely character developement, gameplay, choices, visuals, storyline, Dontnod truly created a masterpiece perfectly and did the job they set out to do.Life Is Strange 2 will blow me away just as this has and I can't wait."
,Recommended,319630,28085210,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jabs Jabiru,"""Empty. Good. Nobody can see my meltdown. Except for me.""'Hella' lovely game that you can be done with in a couple of days, but it won't be finished with you for a couple of weeks, or even months..."
76561198165756102,Recommended,319630,28087459,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JustRonin,"HELLA AMAZING.Let me start by saying not many games make me emotional but oh man..this game has literally changed the way I look at things. The game is executed in a really mature and humane way that pulls you into the Life is Strange universe.The storyline, characters and soundtrack are the three main elements that made me fall in love with this game. Not to mention, the visual style is superb! Sure, it's not ""cutting edge"" but Life is Strange is not that kind of game. If you like a game with a terrific storyline, loveable characters and a kickass soundtrack, this game is definitely for you! It's a huge emotional roller coaster ride. Although I didn't sign up for it D:The game is truly a unique experience and is mostly about figuring out the disappearance of a Blackwell student but for most part, it's a refreshing take about coming of age and figuring out who you are in the process. It is also a beautiful depiction about friendship and how far you will go to save someone you love. This is not something you come across in every game. Life is in fact, very strange indeed.Now of course, I could address the negative aspects of the game (such as the lip syncing) but things like that aren't big enough to even complain about because all the positive things about this game serve as great compensation so why hate on this priceless gem? (no pun intended)Honestly, this game has earned a special place in my heart. It really is something in my opinion. If you are hesitant to play this game thinking it may not live up to your expectations. Throw those expectations out the window and play the game with an open mind because I believe you'll find it's more than meets the eye.Life is Strange is an experience I'll never forget. It explores the good, the bad and even the mundane at times but it's all worth it because life is..strange (pun actually intended)Overall Game Rating:8.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,28118527,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gaunty,"Amazing, story-driven game similar to the recent work of Telltale. Square Enix surprised me with this one, to be honest. The story and characters are well-written, the world feels like it was alive long before you started playing and will continue to be so long after you're done playing.My only complaint is that the ending (as is pretty much inevitable with these sorts of games) leaves some pretty major questions unanswered, though I assume we may get some answers when Season 2 starts to come out next year.If you like games like The Walking Dead, Tales From The Borderlands and all of Telltale's other games, give this game a go. It may not be by the same developer, but it's easily on par with those games released by studios that have much more experience with the genre."
76561198171022409,Recommended,319630,28122812,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tru_Legend15,"This game is perhaps has one of the best story game I've played in a long time. Almost every choice you make directly impacts the story in a way, whether its by dialogues changes or the plot itself. The characters are all unique and interesting, You will never see a character that is a carbon copy of another one. I also like the way they use the main character's power in a way to solve problems or complete puzzles.However, what I don't like about the game is the puzzle feature. Almost every single one of them felt like a chore and quite pointless. There was a part in the game where you are suppose to sneak by characters but again, why would you when you can reverse time to the point where they don't appear? Even though I think most of the choices impacts the story, there were some that was pointless and didn't advance the storyline.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone that like rich-story gameplay and interactive characters."
,Recommended,319630,28132179,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,infinitenumber,A great game that my friends and I are addicted to and would always recommend to people that are new to steam. This is a game that also taught me some valuable lessons as I played the episodes and it's totally money's worth to play.
,Recommended,319630,19583212,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Narsuaq,"1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectorsProbably the best thing I've played this year, and maybe even the year before that. I've never felt so emotionally invested in a game; not since The Walking Dead Season 1. I actually felt I was the character of Max, so everything she cared about, I cared about. The theme, the story, the characters, the time travel; they all felt important and I am going to miss this unique world deeply."
,Recommended,319630,19605185,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,leakyaquarium,"""5GB OF CAT PICTURES HAHAHAHA""10/10"
76561198110829195,Recommended,319630,19740959,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Lukabu,"I don't even know where to start.... Amazing story, relatable and in-depth characters, awesome soundtrack and most importantly the choices. The choices really do affect how the game can be played, it reminds me so much of ""The Butterfly Effect"". I cannot recommend this game enough, one of a kind and looking forward to Dontnod's next game. Get ready for them feels!"
,Recommended,319630,19831261,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,coffeepyros,"I laughed, I cried.I had to choose, I hope I chose right.I fell in love, just for some days.Now the journey is over and we part our ways.My game of the year.Lets crank up the score to 11/10."
,Recommended,319630,19866737,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,foodminister,"This game made realise I still had emotions. After playing this game, I called my Dad to ""drive carefully"". For years, he's always told me that since I learnt how to drive.Life is Strange is an amazing game, my personal GOTY. Why? Besides playing a arts student, it blurred the lines of interactive movie. I have never felt so emotionally connected to a bunch of polygons ever.Also this soundtrack is amazing."
76561198063185184,Recommended,319630,19887885,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Broxy,Remarkable. Beautiful. Sad. Enjoyable. = Pearl
76561198018930790,Recommended,319630,19949672,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,puddy,"must play.if you enjoy point and click adventures, like to watch tv shows with focus and story/characters or are capable of having feelings, you will absolutely get lost in this game. I almost would have played it in one sitting (15 hr total playtime).Stunning, moving, inspiring"
,Recommended,319630,19979405,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mr Sunshine,Dem feelz ;__; OMG! I have no words.
76561198063124925,Recommended,319630,19981440,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NoobaJooba,"Normally I would never write reviews out of laziness but this game is the first one I've ever felt truly deserves it. It has become my all-time favorite game in such a short time. Every moment of it is a beautiful and unique experience, not to mention an emotional rollercoaster. Anyone and everyone should enjoy this storydriven and wonderful tale. Everything in this game feels real and relatable. I'd like to go more indepth but this is something everyone should experience for themselves so I will leave it like this.  10/10 one of the few games that I believe has really earned the title of a ""perfect game""."
,Recommended,319630,20029463,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Plushyesque,"A beautifully rich story, expertly woven. Draws you in, throws you around and leaves you feeling shakey. I had to play it all the way through again immediately after my first play through. I am now spoilt for other games."
,Recommended,319630,20031469,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,carc,"Holy balls. Having just finished Life Is Strange, I feel compelled to write this review. I'm on an emotional rollercoaster right now, and for that, I'm grateful.Despite being a game, Life Is Strange is less of a game and more of an experience. It is truly a work of art -- and there are very few pieces of art that can, or have, affected me to the point where I feel that I've learned something powerful and true in the process.I could pick apart the game on minor details such as graphics or animation or and pacing, as probably any honest review ought to, but right now I just don't care about minor missteps from the developer. For what it is, this game is perfect. This game is perfect because it has accomplished its task of telling me a gripping story, tugging me along with the ups and downs, and teaching me a lesson at the very end. And that end, that conclusion, is something I feel that you should experience for yourself.Pick up this title. Play it, beat it, and then think about it. And then I dare you to tell me that I was wrong in recommending it. This is one of the meaningful, most undrerrated, and undercelebrated games I have ever had the privelige of playing."
,Recommended,319630,20033398,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,silkehartung,Just finished. Woah. That was better than any TV show. <3
,Recommended,319630,20044663,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Reviewify.co.uk,"love Love LOVE this game.So different to lots of games out there, it puts a solid story first, inviting you to take you time and enjoy the ride.  And what a story!  It's like an interactive film, one that draws you in and invites you to take part in the unfolding events.Got all episodes in the Steam sale and I'd have to say this has been one of my favourite, if not THE favourite game I've played all year."
,Recommended,319630,24557134,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,OELG (Fuck Antifa),"the only thing i can say is that i fell love in this game and still can't get over itIt will hurt you,but you will like it."
,Recommended,319630,24559806,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Luqsoft,"A storyline fit for a hollywood movie. My God, what a journey that was. Thank you developers for making this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,24562493,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Shadow,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece10/10
76561198026785846,Recommended,319630,24562654,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dojok,"Truly one of the best and most immersive story-driven games ever. The great story and atmospheric setting left me with an incredibly nostalgic feeling.The main characters are likeable and easy to identify with. The rewind mechanic adds another interesting layer to the usual point-and-click adventure game, and you have a good amount of influence on the engaging story through the choices.Everything from music and graphics to gameplay and story come together to create a fantastic memorable experience.10 out of 10."
,Recommended,319630,24640772,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ossian,I absolutely love this game. Total plot twists and overall story make things like the Walking Dead's ending look like a joke!
76561198027036533,Recommended,319630,24653835,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Winteroath™,"If you never played this game, you should.One of the best masterpieces I have ever seen, I lack words even to describe it.Try thinking about watching a movie with choices that REALLY matter! The music, the scenes and the story blend perfectly together. You get on your toes with every possible decision you have to make...I dare you to try itTruly a work of art."
76561198021696710,Recommended,319630,25066038,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PrestoBarba,It's been a while since a game made me feel that emotional... since FFX I guess. 10/10
76561198006876766,Recommended,319630,25112615,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,StarboyxD,"""Life is Strange""Ive first encoutered this tell-game series on 9gag (believe me or not) and saw the high recommendations and (overwhelming positive) reviews when i looked it op on the store page of Steam, so i decided to give it a go.I played the game for a little hour  tops (i know far to less to know what to think off) when a friend of mine clearly insists of continue playing this amazing masterpiece!I don't want to spoil anything or what so ever for you because it would totally ruin any new experience in the game, what i can give to you is that this game will hit your emotions hard... sometimes to hard because, YOU decide!I think also  people start  playing the game like ""i will be pure evil"" or ""i will be the good person"", in this experience just try to be yourself and think of what you would do!SPOILEROn the last part of the game i really needed to hold back my tears, it was like... i lost a piece of myself... as like i really lost my best friend on that moment, no better way to describe it like this.I would recommend this game for every person who just wants to feel like he/she is in the game itself, likes a wonderfull story, loves the little details, the background and soundtrack music and wants to hit his/her emotions!(little tip: try to play the game in one row, for the best experience!)"
76561198088804374,Recommended,319630,25122223,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DMN Mononoke,"I've never written a review before so I will keep this short and to the point. I have never been so emotionally invested in a game before. If you like a game that messes with your emotions to point of being on the brink of crying or actually laughing out loud to some of the material, then you will enjoy this game.I think I am going to take some time from emotionally taxing games for awhile just to heal.10/10 THE FEELS."
,Recommended,319630,25131943,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,apartheidstinx,"I had to purchase episodes 2-5 after I finished the first (free) episode. I was hooked. And a couple of days later, I finished my first playthrough of Life is Strange (""first"" because I'm totally going to replay it). I really got immersed in the game and couldn't stop until the end. And OMG, it was really good. I haven't felt so emotional in a long time, and definitely never from a game. You really get attached to the characters. Some of the decisions you have to make are super difficult (it touches on subjects such as suicide, bullying, gun violence, date♥♥♥♥♥♥ etc). It all adds to the experience.I decided to play the game because I LOVED Remember Me's game mechanics and story. This game was an improvement upon that, although I still personally prefer games of the sci-fi dystopian variety. DontNod has to be one of my favourite game developers.I highly recommend this game...if you're into realistic narratives and interactive stories.The soundtrack suits it perfectly as well. Listening to it now and it's bringing back all the FEELS >.<"
,Recommended,319630,25336838,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Councilor Vay Kek,"I wish I could find words to describe the way I feel about a game of this calibre. It's got a moving story, incredible artwork and an amazing soundtrack. My hat goes off to the creators of this amazing story. Every stage in the game was an emotional moment and it only got better as the game went on, its the game that will leave you wanting more no matter how much you play it or how many different decisions you make.Well ♥♥♥♥ing done on this game.Edit: After looking through the bad reviews there is always a common issue. Its always ""0.1 Hours Played"". Like give it a ♥♥♥♥ing chance wooow"
,Recommended,319630,25730201,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,h4wk,"They say that video games are to be recognized as art, a lasting impression, an unforgettable journey through the tales and stories of the writers, artists and developers expressing themselves though this medium and the beauty of these virtual realms crafted by them and all their life and soul put into finalizing them with even the smallest of details having received the utmost attention and presenting their artistic achievement to the viewer, taking them along this adventure within their worlds.I'm glad to say that I truly have felt this warmth and exceptional experience from this video game like I have never felt before by anything in the video game world, much less the actual world. The amount of love, care and dedication that went into the story, the world and the general ambience of Life is Strange is breath taking and astonishing.The visuals in this game, the angles at which certain shots are taken from the player's character, of the conversations and the interactions between characters are just perfect, the colors of the sceneries mesh seamlessly with the interactions of the characters, everything just looks like it was taken extra care of. From the graffiti paintings, to the lovely decorated visuals in the main character's diary, to the RV actually looking believable with guard rails along shelves and free moving objects placed on cupboards, to the characters' eyes slowly turning puffy in the emotional scenes is just stunning, never before have I seen this much attention to details in any other video game before.I wish I could say more about the story of it, explain what you would be dealing with if you plan on buying this video game and are reading this review by now but you may see for yourself by giving the first episode a try, which is provided for free by Square Enix. I don't think I would have been able to discover this masterpiece had it not been for them to have released the first episode for free, this is my thanks to you Square Enix and Dontnod, the 20 dollar price tag just doesn't do this game justice..and.. Chloe, I miss you."
,Recommended,319630,25739037,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cheesey,"At firstLife is Strangeseems to be a multiple choice game about a teenage girls and her problems in school and with bullies there. While the first episode is introducing you to the characters and plays along nicely, the following episodes are getting darker and more serious.Without givin too much away: There is a reason why this game is not supposed to be played by children. It draws parallels to the movieThe Butterfly Effectand the story is very well written. Sometimes I would have done things differently but I can accept it since I am not Max Caulfield.Be warned: This game is really well done, the characters are really well written and the soundtrack is fitting the whole atmosphere. If you play the game like you read a good book, you will cry - a lot."
76561197982345707,Recommended,319630,25769543,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Singis,Probably the best game I have played in a long time. Absolutely in love with every aspect of the game which as a sum of its parts far overshadows any minor shortcomings the game might have. This isn't so much a game as an experience.
76561198267310042,Recommended,319630,25878185,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Brabgirl,"This game is sooo good you have soooo many diffrent things that happen depending on your choices!!! it is 100% YOUR choices that can completey change the game it is worth every dime it costs, get all the episodes play them and i grantee you get so attached to charcters!! and you have to use your brain! i love it so much i played the first episode four times and changed my choices and it completey changed the game and i would reccommend talking to everyone to discover everything it is 11/10 it is so good"
76561198033284201,Recommended,319630,25915745,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cardmaster,"I have debated how to rate this game for a long time, and I think I have the words now. Every so often, a game comes by that redefines what it means to be a gamer, to embrace fantasy and truly be immersed in a new reality. These games push the boundaries of what it means to play video games at a basic level. Life is Strange is not one of these games. Life is strange redefines what it means to be human. This game, if one can even call it that, challanged my morality, my ethics, my logic, my intelligence, my philosophy, and my life. At one point in my marathon of this epic story I sat back and wondered if I was the playing the game as the character, or as myself. This game is beyond outstanding in every way, and beckons not only to the mind, but the soul."
76561198154715167,Recommended,319630,25974056,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,big smonk,"THIS  IS SUPER ULTIMATE MEGA GOOD♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. I ENJOYED IT SO MUCH.............. STORY 10/10, SOUNDTRACK 10/10, CHOICES 9/10......... I WILL REMEMBER THIS GAME UNTIL I DIE.... I CRYED AT THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAVE SOUNDTRACK FROM THIS GAME ON MY FAVORITE PLAYLIST ON SPOTIFY. A GENIUS MAKED THIS GAME......BUY IT FAST...........WORTH"
76561198006204038,Recommended,319630,25981315,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hazziemo,"Life Is Strange is like a melancholy tune that you hear only once and then never hear again, each choice sticking in your mind with an undeniable magnetism.This is not a long game, so the experience is brief and there are certainly flawed moments in both writing and design. But the cords of the game ring all the sweeter for their liminality and the roughness of some edges remind us that we are playing a game, so that we do not become lost.This is a game that I am not sure I will ever be able to bear to play again, but I am overwhelmingly glad that I did.And I deeply envy anybody that gets to play Life Is Strange for the first time."
,Recommended,319630,26247629,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,$$,10/10 devastating single player experience.
76561198109233713,Recommended,319630,26249141,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lord Gamer,"one of those rare moments in gaming where you have no idea what youre going into and end up finishing it  relishing every second, the gameplay, the visual style a story that captivates and draws you in.Definately a gem of this generation"
,Recommended,319630,26410618,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RAaAaAaA,Greatest game ....best story .....worth it .....
76561197996469044,Recommended,319630,27338240,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Driftknight,"Everyone should play this story driven game. The plot and characters are amazing, keeping me constantly wanting to find more about the connections between the various characters as you search for a missing girl. The real kicker for this game is the voice acting which was absolutly stunning and gives the game it's depth and attachment.The only downside is that episode 1 is very much an ""intro"" episode in that it is very broad / shallow with the plot and characters, so it doesn't get a chance to show the true gems of this game. If you play the free episode and even remotely like it, I would really recommend buying the rest of the episodes.This is my #1 favorite game currently so it's an easy 10/10 rating for me."
,Recommended,319630,28093226,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,StarXStrike,"Basic informationTitle: Life is StrangeDeveloper(s): Dontnod EntertainmentPublisher(s): Square EnixGenre(s): Graphic AdventureSingleplayer: YesMultiplayer: NoNumerical ImpressionOverall:	9.5/10Atmosphere:	10/10Graphics:	8/10Characters:	10/10Optimization:	9/10Originality:	10/10Sound:	10/10Soundtrack	10/10Story	9.5/10General ImpressionLife is Strange is to it's core a choice based adventure game lowkey inspired by the non stop sucess of telltale games. However in my personal opinion I believe that Life is Strange is the best of its genre. This game really drew me in as soon as I hit the loading screen. The main menu theme alone could carry a mediocre games soundtrack and help to set a decent scene. The full soundtrack however is a masterpiece of music creation and selection which is one of the primary reasons I feel that this game is so captivating. The phenomenally voiced characters and the interesting, somewhat branching storyline really drew me into the world that the creators were intending. My favourite voice actress in Ashly Burch is one of the main focal points of the story with her excellent voicing of the character Chloe Price, one of the most amazing characters in all of gaming (in my personal opinion). I have already pre ordered the deluxe edition for the sequal (Before the Storm) and i suggest you do the same!I hope you found this review helpful and I will now leave you with a small selection of the most amazing and somewhat questionable quotes that i came across while playing this game.""With great power comes great ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.""""The last time I got the flu shot, I got the flu. ♥♥♥♥ you.""""Yup, yup, I'm ♥♥♥♥ing insane in the brain!""""Beautiful, I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ The world is ending, cool.""""The wi-fi out here sucks. Must take him days to download porn.""Now, why don't you go ♥♥♥♥ your selfie?"""
,Recommended,319630,28108265,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,lahlahrose1232,Play itThere will be tearsI'm late for work
,Recommended,319630,28116525,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Power™,Epic game.... The music is so nostalgic and would give you chills! Storyline- Oh! gosh! I damn sure you will play this game again and again
,Recommended,319630,28442644,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,keb-NINJA,"Not all games are meant for everyone. But after playing through the entirety of Life is Strange's amazing story, it's hard to imagine anyone who wouldn't enjoy playing. Life is Strange does an amazing job at captivating the player with an interesting, heartfelt story and a vast array of time puzzles. My only critique of the game is it's somewhat low quality graphics, but rarely do they ever detract from the story. Life is Strange provides an experience that everyone needs to be a part of. If you have the time, spend it finishing this amazing story. You won't regret it"
76561198072680595,Recommended,319630,28465605,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,benvlieg,Life is Strange is one of my personal best game of all time. The characterization of all the characters are amazingly well done. The world is immersive and fleshed out. The art style is amazing and unique. This game made me cry. This is the second game ever to achieve that. A true masterpiece.
,Recommended,319630,18735438,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Balmain Deadass,"So i bought this game, two days later i had 15h. I might aswell say this is one of the best game I've ever play'd. (I would recommed buying a controller for the best experience)"
76561198051819823,Recommended,319630,18845657,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,2099th Doctor,"OK... Where to begin.  First off, as I know so many, many other people have been saying, this game is absolutely BRILLIANT.  I stumbled across a let's play of it around the time that episode 3 came out, and out of boredom and an excess of time decided to start it.  I ended up marathoning all three of the episodes (each of them was around 2 hours)  I was hooked.  As soon as I got the chance, I went out and bought it.  And to all of those who simply watched it instead of playing it... BUY IT.  It is so worth it.  The story, despite having a mildly slow start, is incredibly engaging, and being able to make the choices throughout the game sets it apart from a simple youtube playthrough.  I honestly have never had a game that impacted me on such a deep level.  And, without any spoilers, the ending is incredible.  I know many have knocked the ending, but honestly, I thought it was perfect.  It will leave a huge impact on you.Ok, I'm done."
,Recommended,319630,18885329,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,36 HURRICANES IN MY HEART,This game hurt to play. There have been games that surprised me in some ways. Sometimes I laugh a little or feelsomething... But at one point in Life Is Strange™ I cried and had to put down the game for a few days. No other game has made me feel such sadness to any comparable degree.I initially decided to purchase this because it is a narrative-centric game that is well received. I knew little about it beforehand and was thus ambivalent when starting the game for the first time. It opened in a scene with beautiful music and immediately made me feel like I was in for a treat.The game grabbed me and never let go.
76561198041636142,Recommended,319630,19111505,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Diazz0229 (ТЖЪ),Best game ever. Never cried during any movie or game. Tears of sadness made me feel like I'm in this game myself. If you're still deciding if you should buy this game or not - BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT NOW!!!!
76561198070222033,Recommended,319630,19276919,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MCBanHammer,Dis. gam. doe. 10/10 would go back in time to play again.
76561198073255979,Recommended,319630,19280343,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dusty,Forget the horror hereForget the horror hereLeave it all down hereIt's future rust and then it's future dustI'm the fury in your headI'm the fury in your bedI'm the ghost in the back of your head'Cause I am
,Recommended,319630,19827885,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,-Evileria-,"I just finished the game a couple of minutes ago.Man.. This game played with my feelings..It almost felt like i really knew the characters..There were so many choices to make and they all led to a different ending..The storyline is truly amazing and i wish i could just start over and explore this game all over again..I loved the mind blowing twists and turns in the story.Amazing work!Update: Played it again and made other choices, still awesome!!"
76561198008678249,Recommended,319630,19876901,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ged,A really cool an unique story. The 5 episodes are really different. I enjoyed episode 1 and 2 a lot - but episode 3-5 are where the game really shines. If you consider this is a standard teen drama game after 1 episode please give the game a second change.Non spoiler hint: When you play the game press tab at the start of each scene  - there is a secret photo opportunity in each scene - the journal give you hints to where to find them. I discovered that a bit too late in my playthrough.
76561198014422863,Recommended,319630,19979653,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,HamstermanFromAmsterdam,Difficult decisions. Major plot twists.Best story driven game I have ever played.
,Recommended,319630,20021457,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Walmart Junkie,"Life is Strange is perhaps the most moving and real tale this world has ever been graced by. Not only has Life is Strange entertained me and made me want to play more but it has also made me think about my life on a daily basis and realize that a thing such as time is something so precious. I have never really thought about how a game changed my outlook on the world until after I finished Life is Strange. The feeling that perhaps some of the most important life lessons a single person could learn are omnipresent. The character development and the archetypes for Chole and Rachel are robust and something that moved me so much. I have never been able to get the roller coaster and rush of feels/emotions from anything ever except from Life is Strange. Words can not describe the effect this game has done and I urge everyone to experience this game for themselves despite the fact that it may seem like a girly/mushy game. The use of female protaganists does nothing to detract from the true meaning and effect that Life is Strange has. If only this game's sphere of influence were bigger, that way maybe everyone could gain perspective.Simply put, this is the most outstanding job of story telling that I have ever had the priviledge to play.10/10"
76561198002484412,Recommended,319630,24557707,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Root Mean Square,best $18 in my life
,Recommended,319630,24642386,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Abaddon,"This is by far the best story-based game I've ever played.5 reasons to play it:- Artwork (image and sound)- Plot- Chloe- Choices- Non-linear storyThe only reason not to play this game would be if you have a lot of problems in real life and are easily affected in a very negative way by dramatic situations. It's all fictional, but that didn't stop me from almost shedding some manly tears at certain points.TL;DR: This game's awesome, 100% recommended, but be ready for the best and the worst at all times."
76561197971094653,Recommended,319630,25908303,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ilyssa | Alex,"This game gives you an absolutely unforgettable day filled with joy and laughter, and then shreds your heart into tiny little pieces, and all you can do is watch it happen while you stand by silently crying. And then you play it again. This game is a masochistic circle-jerk of epic proportion that musn't be missed.10/10, would have my heart shredded again and again.23/11/2016 - Still an epic game. Buy it now."
,Recommended,319630,25910522,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bompar,"I have never played better game than this. This game made me cry so many times, developers are Gods.Love this game. 11/10. I hope the Season 2 will be same good as is this. Thank you for creating this game! :')I have to say one thing.. And that is that if you didn't put the episode one for free i would never had a chance to play it - I didn't know about this game. So thank you so much!My respect.."
,Recommended,319630,27556743,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Glenniebrother,"To anyone saying ""Games aren't art"". You clearly haven't played Life Is Strange.The game is an absolute masterpiece. Life is strange didn't just make me cry, Square Enix grabbed me by the ankle and shook the tears out of me. Great music, beatiful surroundings and a fantastic story. It surely deserves that 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award.Long story short: A must have."
,Recommended,319630,28094268,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wompus,"This game has capitivated my life from the moment I downloaded it. The games journey is filled with situations that take you on an emotional rollercoaster. Every little detail of this game has been done to outright perfection.Ever since I got this game it has been all I played, I've had it for a little over a day and I've already got over 10 hours on it, and played it through to completion. I could go on writing all day about this game but I will try sum it up in just a few sentences.This game has honestly been one of the most amazing games that I have ever played in my life, the developers did an amazing job with music that does a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing job at triggering emotions in the player, its signature graphics are some of the most beautiful I have ever seen in a game, despite the fact that it was all hand drawn. It was so awesome to experience moments of genuine fear, sadness, happiness, anger and frustration, I've never seen another game that has been able to achieve what Life Is Strange has achieved. It is truely a work of art and worth every single dollar.I wish I had better words to explain it, although I hope the message has been received, I highly reccommend this game to anyone at all, no matter what type of gamer you are. It, to this date is the only game that has made me cry."
,Recommended,319630,28434881,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Grimmjow,"10/10This game is absolutely amazing.one of the best stories I played,nothin is expected and some parts are super emotional.Im not into these Story Rich games but this....LOVED IT!"
,Recommended,319630,30464474,Posted: 11 March,all,t3h d00d,10/10 game is ok but lezzos is kinda weird
,Recommended,319630,25019719,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,sachinmu,"One of the best story driven games in a really long time. The voice acting is top notch, and the soundtrack is on point, every time."
76561198210683749,Recommended,319630,32951951,Posted: 28 June,all,OMz,very gooooooood game
76561198281719108,Recommended,319630,31058582,Posted: 10 April,all,AnneyEffect,"BEST.GAME.EVER.I played it so often (about 100 hours).It's an amazing story. All this characters have their own little story and problems. Max and Chloe are amazing characters with great development.Many important topics take place in this game like suicide, abortion, drugproblems, guncontrol, bullying, veganism, stalking,....It's the hella best game in this world!"
76561198055925084,Recommended,319630,14288897,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Snappy The Cat Robber,"Good to play more games like this. It really gives a new take on gaming, Ever since Telltale's success we are getting some great ideas and Life is Strange is one of them. Sure some problems are noticeable like the lip syncing and some voices aren't as exciting as others but it's fine. The main source of beauty in this game is the real-life situations, they are all relatable to a degree. It's nice to have realism in our characters nowadays, another great addition is the ability to reverse time. IS that not cool? The game gives you that ability to correct a mistake but before you think you're the best almost every choice is gonna come back to you in the future episodes or so I hope.Anyways, great first episode. I'm looking forward to the rest of the series."
,Recommended,319630,24565367,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Cambin,"This one surprised me. It's better than anything Telltale has done yet, so if you're a fan of those, I recommend this even more. The bigger choices in LIS feel impactful and have a lot more emotional investment. Episode 1 is free so it's worth trying, although Episode 3-5 are the ones that really drive the story."
76561198013392545,Recommended,319630,28768442,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Theo,"Dontnod seemed to want to compose a playable work of art where their canvass was a focus on the extremes of human relationships.  Boring; every good story does the same.  What makes this game different is how it eclipses others with superb execution.  Gameplay is constructed to minimize distractions from a powerful story which is energized by an extraordinary combination of conversation engineering and voice performances.  A story that is guided by characters so believeable that you may have met them in real life.  A story which is polished by studyed theatrics.  A story which can provoke as many different reactions to it as there are people who play it.  A story about people, and life is gray.There are many adult themes including language, depictions of alcohol use, cigarette use, marajuana use, violence, torture, animal cruelty as well as strong suggestions of sex,♥♥♥♥♥♥ and narcotic/prescription abuse.  Some may believe this game isn't the after-school special it appears to be in the trailers.  I don't know what school they went to because I was aware of everything in this game before I was 10 and so was most of my classmates.  Max is 18?  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I want to see her ID.  I was having sex at 16 but I still couldn't get into a movie that was rated R because it had sexual suggestions in it.  Life is Strange?  Duh.There are many good game features I left out of this review as they are unnecessary to finishing and enjoying the game.  Leveling up, team competition, crafting, and character customization are not features of this game.  There are no hitpoints.  Life is Strange keeps it real, mostly.  If you have no capacity to empathyze with tragedy, then you wont enjoy this game.  I think you would have more fun FPSing something.  When you grow up, try this game again.Optimization seems to be perfect for my rig which was mid-grade 2 years ago.  Shadows are non-existant.  Makes sense.  Calculating shadows can hog system resources almost as much as displaying textures.  Load screens are quick and there is only a slight chop on fast camera pans during action sequences which might explain the bug I found.  When I used the rewind power at the same time an action sequence started, I got stuck in a glitching loop.  I hit escape and reloaded from the last checkpoint with no issues.Many other Steam reviews cite possible sources of inspiration for this game.  That's fine, Dontnod doesn't try to hide their inspirations for Life is Strange but o7 them as easter eggs in the game instead.  Bravo.The game plays like watching a movie with an unobtrusive overlay consisting of a labeled line and radial options that appear when the labeled interaction comes into range.  Sometimes the overlay gets lost in bright backgrounds.  Sometimes the radial options dont appear unless precisely centered onscreen, which is difficult to do when they are lost in a bright background...  At least, outside of a conversation, the up option is always view, down is always interact, and left is always take a pic.  It would probably be easier to just assign the four directions to specific buttons but then the overlay outside of a conversation would be mostly unnecessary...The visuals detail the important aspects and, at the same time, efficently simplify the unimportant.The soundtrack is generally sappy and nostalgic but was chosen well for the premise: take a vulnerable and insecure young woman named Max, make her into a god, and then she teams up with her understandably angry best friend from the past, Chloe, to solve mysteries.Unfortunately, there are only a few mysteries.  Fortunately, solving them can be a shocker.  On the other hand, a large number of red herrings can make you second-guess yourself to the end if you think you know what is going to happen early.Advancing the story is generally easy.  There are many simple puzzles but they can be tricky when you forget one of the features of Max's rewind power: time or position.  Only a few of the puzzles are a challenge and objects that need to be collected are rarely hidden.  Characters will usually comment on the current situation to provide you clues if some time passes without any progress.  Also, time freezes and the screen goes gray to prompt you to rewind when there is an immediate danger so you never ""die"".Conversations in this game are slightly different than other decision adventure games.  You can change your mind about how you handled a conversation by using Max's power to rewind and then you can fast forward the dialogue.  Most other games would have you navigate a menu to save, load, and pick a different option to see what happens.  The format of Life is Strange is easier if you are using a controller and it draws less attention away from the story by not popping a menu.  In the end, handling conversations the way this game does might not save you any time and is still tiring if there are multiple decisions to make and you are making an attempt at a specific outcome.This game alerts you if a choice you made could have future consequences so you may want to rewind to experience the other option and then decide which to go with, which may require another rewind to revert.  Also, if you learn something that might give you additional conversation options then the game gives you another alert to rewind and try the conversation again from the beginning.  It's a good thing the dialogue is fantastic with great voice acting because you may have to listen to the same lines several times.SPOILER ALERT The story of Life is Strange has many similarities with this movie: [/spoiler the butterfly effect 2004 with ashton kutcher and amy smart.]"
,Recommended,319630,34459902,Posted: 24 August,all,Clear Skies,"Overall a solid game!Pros:1. Great cinematics2. Cool story broCons:1. Character moves slowly2. Stuck in rewinds3. Checkpoints autosaves4. Scenes cant be skipped the first timeOverall, I would give it a 6.5 out of 10 ~"
76561198016810426,Not Recommended,319630,25520767,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mechanical_Angel,"I didn't know ""pretentious"" could be a postive attribute.\EDIT: I've encountered a glitch which has made this game virtually unplayable, and apparently I'm not the only one. In episode 5, in the maze sequence, I got caught in a flashlight beam and had to rewind. The screen goes gray when you've made a mistake and need to rewind from it. It would not go back to color until I rewound all the way, so I did. After having rewound as much as possible (until Max's head hurts,) I was completely and totally frozen. I could not walk, my hand was still outstretched despite not rewinding, no one else was moving either. I'm not gonna continue playing this unless this annoying as all hell glitch is fixed."
,Recommended,319630,29151938,Posted: 9 January,all,Kerteen,"""And Max Caulfield? Don't you forget about me..."""
,Recommended,319630,29287920,Posted: 15 January,all,Sparx,"Playing this will have consequencesUr here for this neat plot, so:- lesbians- memes- wowser (or hella)- u can water plant- and bend time- dat feel(s)Max/10 would rewind andcryplay again"
,Recommended,319630,18605310,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ijflxn,"episode 5 was so horrible.... what a let down... But overall, the first 4 were great. So you get a recommendation."
,Recommended,319630,30965416,Posted: 5 April,all,kotjarich,"Eff me sideways, i can't remember last time i cried so hard.Like a little beeeach.4th episode really touched my feelings.Best novel i had so far."
76561198041660836,Recommended,319630,33215975,Posted: 3 July,all,Hispanic! At The Disco,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ No other piece of media has hit me like this series has. Definitely must play.
,Recommended,319630,33211724,Posted: 3 July,all,Lariat ♥,lovely
76561198086239615,Recommended,319630,33215858,Posted: 3 July,all,Salsas,Best campaign game ive ever played.
,Recommended,319630,25272046,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,horuz auf Durchblick,"Never played a game which got me feel like this one. Sometimes it just felt like I go on a series of bad decisions and sometimes i just felt like I was doing so great just to see that by some of my good intentions I slowly build up a huge decision which would fail at the end. It's hard to describe what this game is about and I don't even want to try to explain it. If you like a good story and dive 100% into this experience, you'll love it. I'll play it again and I probably will ♥♥♥♥ up some parts again and then play it all over again just to make stuff right, the end of the game just left a big hole in my stomach, I just don't know if this is good or not yet..but I'll find out."
,Recommended,319630,30707716,Posted: 24 March,all,TREMOLO,Awesome story and wonderful experience...
,Recommended,319630,34747232,Posted: 4 September,all,☀ Pokolgép,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played.The game is really atmospheric, emotional and can easily drag you in. I think it's easy to relate to most of the everyday situations and characters in the game and it's really great affecting the story by making important choices then reverting the time and remaking your choices. The game gives you a rough idea on what the butterfly effect is and you will understand it by the end of the game.- The graphics aren't much but it doesn't need to be. Besides, the art-like style definitely makes up for it.- Great soundtracks, sound effects and good voice acting.- Strong and emotional storytelling.- The controls and everything is plain and simple so everyone can easily play with it.What I really liked about it is that it makes you completely forget about everything that is going around you at the time IRL so all in all it was a really great experience playing."
76561198045592217,Recommended,319630,25097632,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,emily_008,"I really liked this game, so much in fact, that I would recommend it.Although it has it has some lengths, the most part of it feels really atmospheric andexciting.But what I admire the most is the felling, that your choices, how little or how much,truly matter (for the most part, anyway). Everything you do comes round again a few cornerslater, - be it only in cynical or heartfelt comments from the surrounding NPCs.Also I didn't once encounter a disassociated comment from anyone, or a part were the tone wassuddenly strange or off, like in many other such games, where testers just didn't seem to havetested quite enough. ""Life is strange"" looks and feels really polished.On a sidenote, I encountered ONE bug, which was kind of disrupting the mood:In the storm-sequence, where the entire town gets destroyed and you finallyenter the diner, I had conversations whit Warren, Frank and Joyce. Both interactionswith the aforementioned two male characters were ... lets say ... strange. Becauseall of a sudden Max' mouth just stopped moving entirely. No idea why. Only thingunusual was, that I had to interrupt the conversations via Esc at some occasions,so maybe that was the cause for the glitch.But I really ... yeah, LOVE this game. I even went so far as to collected all the photos, whatever sense that makes, and am planning on replaying the whole thing just to experience all possible choices.Really cool game, although maybe a little too ""boring"" in the traditional sense for some.Thumbs up from me."
76561198065388738,Recommended,319630,28631109,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Helga,"Note:If you're a power-through/easily distracted/easily bored/fast-paced player who's not really too interested in details and a lot of dialogue, this isn't for you.I've never felt the need to write a review before, but holy hell.This is the perfect game for anyone who enjoys taking their time, immersing themselves into a rich and emotional narrative, exploring, and discovering as many details as possible.+Soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, fits the tone of the story perfectly and enhances moments instead of taking away from them.+Such a rich story, tears were shed, feels were felt, plot twists took away my sleep, questioned my own values and morals when tough decisions were to be made (often), the inclusion of consequences for your decisions induced lots of overthinking and paranoid outcome calculation, ending was incredible, finished at roughly 3 in the morning and sat in my chair sobbing.+Replay value is incredibly high, you're able to rewind and play out every single outcome with ease (and you will want to)+The decisions you were able to make definitely shaped the narrative along the way, and it was gratifying to see them acknowledged, whether the outcome be good or bad, however ultimately by the very ending they weren't really important.+Decision statistics at the conclusion of each chapter (very similiar to Telltale) showing how your choices ranked against other players around the world was a nice touch (and very reassuring after making a tough call)+Really lovely camera angles enhanced the overall photography theme and kept long dialogue sequences interesting+Voice acting is absolutely fantastic-Downfall was the dialogue/lip synchronisation, some incredible moments were lost due to certain characters' mouths not syncing at all with their speech, or just not moving at all.* * * * * * *TL;DR: Feels were felt, highly recommend.* * * * * * *"
,Recommended,319630,24903638,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,A full year of vac,"Words can't describe how beautiful this game is. The character immersion is fantastic as it builds up more and more throughout the story, i felt more intact with the characters than telltale games the walking dead season one and that game was by far one of the best interactive story games i've ever played but this takes the cake. All the events that lead up to the points in the game wether or not you made different choices than other players feels unique in the sense that it's just amazing to see how it'll turn out. Oh boy the soundtrack for this game is astounding not to mention that the songs played throughout the game match the surroundings and fit the events that are happening. If you are thinking about getting this game, I highly recommend it as it is amazing in everything that it does."
,Recommended,319630,28264716,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ponder,"I have played the Walking Dead Series. Red Dead Redemption. Heavy Rain. Beyond Two Souls. Final Fantasy VII. Not all, but some of the most beautiful games the world has to offer. None of the them old a stick to this masterpiece.I have never had a game make me cry like this one. I never have had a story touch me so poignantly. I never have had existential crises after each chapter.This game, in my 16 years of playing videogames, is by far and undoubtedly THE. MOST. BEAUTIFUL. Narrative I have ever experienced. I wish I could turn back time and play it again, over and over."
76561197961201559,Recommended,319630,26145411,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Stoned One,"Nice going.......giving episode 1 for free.......like giving crack to kids.....get them hooked, cause you know they will buy more. lol.This is a very good game which will draw you in, good story, good characters and voice acting, Definately an instant classic"
,Recommended,319630,26273085,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Distant Life Form,"Precisely one year ago, a close friend of mine mentioned this game while we were chatting, I checked it out, and bought it. Since then I have played it several times and still remains to be the only game to make me cry, and the only game to have a consistent effect on me. Every moment was just as real to me as real life, I can actually see some of the conversations happening. I will 100% recommend anyone to play this.However to be perfectly honest, I think that some sort of connection to characters or story or themes is needed to fully enjoy this, which is why some more negative reviews will say that they didn't enjoy it. Ireallyenjoyed this, partly because the characters resemble many of my then friends in looks and personality, which is especially apparent now, a year later, due to the girl I had likened Max to, is now almost exactly Max and it is blowing my mind.Any criticisms I have are to some of the animations being rather robotic and some dialogue being a bit unnatural sounding. But other than that, it is brilliant."
76561197993723445,Recommended,319630,28369131,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,pkramer,"""67% told Kate to wait for more proof."" This game confronts gamers with the inherent♥♥♥♥♥♥culture that exists among the the toxic white male gamer culture. And it has been derided for that as Tumblr, the game. Gamers suck, this game does not. In fact, it's awesome. It's like a Telltale game but better."
,Recommended,319630,28253191,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,OfficerGiles,"Telltale game on steroids, literally cried for about 30 mins after beating the game.Art style was ♥♥♥♥in' sweet, soundtrack did a number on me.Emotional rollercoaster 11/10"
,Recommended,319630,34769453,Posted: 5 September,all,samhebert1,"This game launches the storymode genre to the best quality game entertainment I've seen yet.While it's not as massively fun and ""playable"" as other genres like FPS or RPG, The story is the actual main part of the game. Instead of skipping through a story as quickly as possible just to get to the playing part, Life is Strange has successfully made a game that makes players play through the game as quickly as possible in order to advance the storyline.Overall, this game is a great buy. It will potentially unleash a new genre in gaming to new possibilities. I'm about to go buy the newest standalone episode right now, which I already know will be a great pick.+ Graphics are appropriate for material and great-looking+Gripping and playable storyline+ Truly original content, both in content and format.- Confusing price model- Some minor things none of which come to mind"
,Recommended,319630,28634338,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Furfag,awesome game so far i might get all episodes soon
,Recommended,319630,18055775,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,venozoid,"The only game that I am willing to pay full. Seriously, it's a great experience."
,Recommended,319630,18808351,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kam,"Not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but this is one of the most powerful narratives I've experienced in a game. In the past I've cried maybe twice at the most in a game... this one had me tearing up or feeling incredibly numb from shock at least once per episode. And I'm old and jaded enough to be dismissive of videogame stories, so if it affects me, there's something to it.The visual and sound direction is incredible. Most of the game is art in motion. There is a lot of talent at this studio.My game of the year for sure. I hope the success of this game will lead to more titles that tackle difficult subjects and give us nonstereotyped leads (male or female)."
,Recommended,319630,18590030,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Beabs,I killed everyone for the yuri.
,Recommended,319630,14508760,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,FUCK OFF SIMARIS,"GOTY 2015At first, I wanted to keep my review like this. Two words, one line. But it's impossible.Do you know these kind of games that lay their arm around you, pull you into a tight grip and then never let you go again? It drags you everywhere, it won't let your mind rest after playing, it wants you to know and see everything.You might think at the start that this is just another average minor puzzle, major exploration, choice-influenced story heavy game, but believe me, this is what lifts the genre into a whole new light.Life is Strange is THE choice-influenced story heavy game, standing out of the crowd with its brilliant writing, tricky and twisted story and characters that aren't simply good or bad.There is never an absolute feeling of having done everything right. You will find yourself at the point of wanting to replay everything for at least a single important decision more often than you might expect. And believe me - it's worth it.The differences of your choices carrying over into further episodes is visible, the way the other characters interacts with you and end up is based on more than just two or three things you say.How you act defines who you are and how things will turn out in the long run.Don't believe the impression that this was a game mainly for girls. It's not true. I have more male friends than female friends who play this and they would all agree within seconds and without hesitation.Give this game a try, you won't regret it."
76561198061404747,Recommended,319630,16904074,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,toxy <3,"By far the best game I have ever played with Beyond Two Souls and The Last of Us not even cutting it close to the amazingness that is, Life is Strange.  I bought the season pass for all the episodes at ONLY $20, which I would no dought about it it pay $50 just for the first episode, this is a must get!!!"
,Recommended,319630,18597118,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,frandly.,"This game is truly a masterpiece. The tiny details.. the overwhelming consequences. The flowing storyline that keeps you guessing at every moment. Regretting at every moment. Changing at every moment. You make the decisions.. good or bad. You make the decisions.. life changing, or not. You ultimately control everything. What will you do with it? Will you be selfish.. or selfless?PS.  The music is fabulous. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,18597054,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,-=HPTs=- SirFartsAlot,"Great music, great story! What else do you need?"
,Recommended,319630,20223207,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DR.DOGMAN,"A fresh game, always love a bit of cause and effect time travel action"
76561198032721778,Recommended,319630,17344082,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Moon Hunter,"I got this game on a whim and wasn’t expecting much from it to be completely honest. It was getting high user reviews so I though why not... it is one of the best story and choice based games in my collection. The entire game is about growing up, choices and consequences, and how things can play out down the line. I whole heartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,18055955,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Juliett,"Most emotionally intense video game that I have ever played. I cried my eyes out in episode 3. Bit of advice, don't stay up all night binging on the game your first play through because sleep deprivation plus drama will require a large box of tissues.It is decidedly worth mentioning that the much touted choices really do have weight and seem to impact the story considerably more so than in a Telltale Game. When the game flashes the ""consequences"" icon after you water your plant, it does tend to make you pause to really consider your choices.I had assumed that the time manipulation mechanic which is what drew my interest to the game, would be nothing more than token, but it is actually quite well thought out and often amusing and satisfying to use.The teen ""slang"" in the first episode will make your ears bleed a bit, but once you get past that, it gets dialed back to just Hella and Wowzer.The characters are wonderfully engaging and nuanced. I'm afraid that Life is Strange has ruined me for story telling in all other video games.It is somewhat maddening in a ""will they or won't they"" kind of way how the game constantly dances around the fact that Maxine and Chloe are madly in love without coming out and admiting it, but I suppose that is what makes it so compelling.Using your ability to make a jock play catch with himself for 5 minutes was hilarious and worth the price of the game all by itself.It saddened me that episode 4 decided to cliff hang on a low note, as the ""big plot twist"" was so jarringly cartoonish, it really broke the flow that the narrative had been building for 10 hours. My only response was to literally lough out loud.I believe that this is my first actual game review after something like 8k hours accumulated among everything in my steam library. The game really is that amazing.10/10 and I will be forcing it on all my friends."
,Recommended,319630,17344962,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Noobish One,Writing a review about this game is so damn difficult. I loved this game buutttttttt it elicits such a rollercoaster of feels and emotions that here I am sitting after having completing it not knowing what to think or feel... :/ :)
,Recommended,319630,19953336,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nomad,Buy this game and enjoy. It's way more better than Telltale's garbages.BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,15511474,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,g0b0,"This game is absolutely incredible.  Great graphics, even BETTER story, and to top it all off?  An amazing soundtrack.  Every part of this game is amazing.  Sound effects, writing, music, art, character development...you name it.  Highly recommend!  I'm so anxious to find out what happens in this story and see what these developers put out next."
,Recommended,319630,16925857,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Timmay,"If you want a game, like telltale's ""A Wolf among us"", ""Game of thrones"" or ""Walking dead"", but with even more feeling to it, a closer touch with reality, more relatable characters, this my friend.. is a game for you.Three episodes in and I am hooked, I love just getting lost into the whole world that ""Life is strange"" lets you into and I wish I could rewind time, forget it all and play it over again."
,Recommended,319630,17153116,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sandakelum,"Unlike all others games, ""CHOICES ACTUALLY MATTERS!""Best game I've played from a little while and this game actually take me to whole another world and to the life of Max and all her friends. The story around her is one of the best stories I've ever experienced in a game.Rate: 10 out of 10 (Overwhelmingly Positive and Highly Recommanded)It's well worth your money and can't wait for next episodes!"
,Recommended,319630,17442908,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Henry,Life is strange but awesome when you can change the past present and future which makes it interestingif you feel like you made a bad choice then just rewind time and redo it i have played through and enjoyedthe walking dead the wolf among us and game of thrones but after finishing 4 episodes of life is strangei would say its more unique and look forward to episode 5 and hopefully more seasons to comeI can only assume this has alot of endings due to there been so many different choices so theres definitely alot of replay value here which is something most gamers look for before making a purchase and to the person who asked me on stream  if i thought this was a chicks only game no i dont didnt you ever play tombraider.
,Recommended,319630,18586969,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zero,"Just finished the game, midnight 10/21 local time. Through the weird heroine, her punk♥♥♥♥♥bestfriend, and time traveling-- I really enjoyed this game to its core. Definitely will re-play to see alternate scenes in each episodes.Long story short, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,18597078,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Azheru,Perfect 10/10
,Recommended,319630,16971297,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Centri,This game is an absolute must buy. You really feel close to the characters and when the story changes you really feel it.
76561198246609666,Recommended,319630,25063272,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,garciahenrique,Best game ever.
,Recommended,319630,28278752,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,๖ۣۜSpooktra,"Life is Strange is an amazing adventure game. The characters are so well made and every episode will surprise you. The soundtrack is also really good, got me into indie music.Please give us Season 2!"
,Recommended,319630,18600689,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,NynS,"Easily the best 2015 game I've played. The storytelling is so great and unlike many Telltales (don't get me wrong: stories are cool in them) your actual choices do matter - or at least, seem to - due to the rewind time-theme of the game. The game also addressed some of the so-called social taboos on bullying, suicide, and the themes of episode 5 which I would spoil the entire game with should I put them here.It's good that it's addressed in the gaming world and in such a way that it's not forced on you. Plus that I really love the characters (Even aside Max and Chloe), even those who seem unlikeable at first - you get to understand them a little.10/10."
,Recommended,319630,18959816,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,tlamiczka,"I'm 36 years old cynical b*stard.Life is Strange is interactive emo story about teenagers.But I cried a little at the end of episode 1.Actually, I cried a little during all episodes.And I cried a lot at the end of episode 5.That's how good it is."
76561198029951327,Recommended,319630,18586722,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Random,"Even better than walking dead, although first two episodes might throw some off."
,Recommended,319630,25082653,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Gustomatic,This game is overwhelmingly positive on the steam page for a reason. This is as good as it gets if you enjoy Interactive-movie games. They even did an amazing job with the soundtrack. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,17138845,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,STAN,"THE FIRST EPISODE WAS ABSOLUTELY INSANE!!!I`m about to buy the 2-5 episode(s) package ASAP!- MUST BUY for every gamer.EDIT: I`ve been playing this one for a while and im in love with Max, be careful."
,Recommended,319630,29456734,Posted: 23 January,all,xenith,"Has nice graphics, the most amazing storyline and the mechanics are the best."
,Recommended,319630,18073227,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Boo Boo Kitty F@%!,"episode 1: yup im too old for thisepisode 2: ok ok, im feeling it.episode 3: what is happening?? ......episode 4: WTF!!  what? why? he...didn't.. what?!? O_o*curls into ball of emotion and confusion*prediction for episode 5 - *visits therapist*oh and the soundtrack is just mint"
,Recommended,319630,18580751,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Durandal,10/10 Destroyed my emotions. Ruined my life.
76561198319245852,Recommended,319630,24691324,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,morisen,"Great gameI finished Life Is Strange yesterday and today have watched the directors' commentary. Overall I can say it is one of the best adventure games I have played. It has great visuals, audio and direction. Whole game mechanics with time rewind is very well thought and I spent a lot of time pondering which decision will have the best outcome. I have really come to love the characters, thanks to great voice acting, script writing and character art. Max is one of the best game protagonist ever.If I had to thoroughly analyze the game I would say the game isn't perfect because some subplots weren't finished and there were some minor plot holes. Personally I didn't like the conclusion. Whole game was about choices and I wanted more endings.But still great atmosphere and amazing characters let me forgive all drawbacks. Definitely I will have to replay it someday."
,Recommended,319630,15911051,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"I'll keep updating this review as soon as a new episode comes out.Episode 1Pretty great start to the game. I loved the overall art style and look of it. Very unique. Although yeah, the lip movements of the characters when they're talkingdidtake a little while for me to get used to. And also I wished there were more dialogue options. But overall I felt like the choices really had weight to them and you really had to think long and hard about what you want to stick with. It can be sort of an indecisive person's nightmare, really. I had to play through the episode like three times to finally get the outcome that I wanted. It never really gave the illusion of choice, like what TellTale games would occasionally do. All the choices had very different outcomes. So yeah, really great opening.Episode 2Good LORD, that was an intense one. My heart was racing during the entire final scene, but I was able to get it right on the first try, thank god. What was so great aboutthe entire storyline with Kate was that the game gave you a chance to really make Max go out of her way to be there for Kate, by doing even just the littlest things. All of those things and the little details ended up making a huge difference in the end, and I'm so glad about that.I think this episode was a step up from the predecessor, despite the junkyard part which sorta dragged a little. Eh, that's just me nitpicking.Episode 3HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't even write a coherent review for this one guys. That was just wow. WOW. My favorite episode yet, I'll just leave it at that.Episode 4notice how i keep deteriorating with every episode?at this point f*ck coherence. i'm completely numb after that ep. it completely trumps episode 3 in so many waysEpisode 5neeb sah emag siht gnizama woh htiw neve t'nac ieolhc uoy evol i"
,Recommended,319630,18618748,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MAN OF THE YEAR,This game is the kind of game in which you water your plants in the first episode then you end up crying for the rest of the episodes.I WAS WRONG IM SORRY I WANT YOU BACK DONT LEAVE ME. ILL START ALL OVER FOR YOU! DONT TAKE HER. TAKE ME INSTEAD. SHE DOES NOT DESERVE IT!So what if i cried what are you going to do about it? rewind time and stop me from posting this?
,Recommended,319630,24778522,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Rilakumaaa,The feeltrain will hit you hard. I feel ashamed to be born as man and couldn't handle all those feels.10/10Will cry like a baby.
76561198140226887,Recommended,319630,20054327,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Falwinshair,"I very much enjoyed playing Life Is Strange and I can gladly recommend it to those who are thinking about purchasing. This was the first game I have played where I have had the ability to choose how I wanted a scene to go/end. The story is very engaging and beautifully written and the characters very likable. As for the soundtrack, I have found many new discovery of artists to listen to, and I can't complain about that.Bring a couple, or perhaps a box of tissues, because I sure made some terrible choices."
76561198031566900,Recommended,319630,14411892,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Serapheo,"Life Is Strange is a hybrid between a visual novel and a point and click, reminiscent of Gone Home and Telltale Games. It revels in immersing players in the picturesque community of Arcadia Bay through the lens of a teenage girl who pursues her career in photography. The main gimmick of this game is introduced very early on and allows for some interesting character development and interactions.Despite the teen angst, this game does explore some mature themes and the story is excellent so far.If the next episodes are just as good, I highly recommend purchasing the entire season."
,Recommended,319630,14412314,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,[Chaos] Nivanglus,"I have never taken the time to play one of the Episodic games that are out there, such as The Wolf Among us, Game of Thrones, Walking Dead or Tales from the Boarderlands. I always though games like those, Heavy Rain and the like would be too boring as it lacked the action.I was wrong, oh boy how wrong I really was. This first Episode managed to make me actually care about the characters, and really find myself enthralled with what might happen in the next Episode. This has opened my eyes to a whole new genre of games, and I cannot wait until the next episode. I'll have to start checking out the previous titles mentioned now to really give them a chance.I reccomend this game fully. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,319630,14415208,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[GOLDENGIRLS] ROSE,"Pretty great game overall! It does have some pretty pretentious hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but if you can get past that you will find a very worthwhile and emotional story. The gameplay is similar to the TellTale games....but without the constant quick time events. The time travel aspect really allows you to explore the different choices and actions handed to you. Over all I found this to be an enjoyable experience and cannot wait for the next episode!"
76561198124546417,Recommended,319630,33027609,Posted: 30 June,all,attention whore,im sad now because i chose one ending and then i watched a video of what the alternate ending wasand the alternate ending was way betternow im sad
,Recommended,319630,29585215,Posted: 30 January,all,Zer@tul,Amazing
,Recommended,319630,28907638,Posted: 1 January,all,Kassie 🦄 🌈,"Really good game. The story, the puzzles, the characters... everything is amazing! It's impossible to play and not want to carry on, specially now that Ep 1 is free you have no excuses to not try it! I'm sure you will want to buy it after Ep 1 :PI would love to buy and play Life is Strange 2."
76561198145723926,Recommended,319630,18045342,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jules,"""Life is Strange"" is a series of episodes that follows the story of a photography student, Max, who discovers an ability to partially reverse time and uses it to interfere with the timeline to improve the outcome of the plot. The game also incorporates themes of nostalgia, the departure of adolescence into adulthood and the loss of innocence throughout time. Life is Strange also uses a choice-based system that, unlike the Telltale Games' choice system, actually matters. Every major choice you make sticks with you throughout the game, and the importance of these decisions never die down throughout the episodes, meaning that if you make hasty and poor decisions, it WILL come back to bite you (bacon omelette or Belgian waffles, bacon + eggs or pancakes.. very serious stuff).Pros:-Excellent character development and interactions, from both major and minor characters-Solid soundtrack-Amazing plot-A choice system that is incredibly complex and holds you to your decisions-Most decisions in the game can be undone thanks to the ""rewind"" mechanism Max possesses, so even if you make decisions you're not happy with, you can fix itCons:-Some aspects of the gameplay can be tedious. For example *minor spoiler alert*, there is a part of the game where you have to focus on a photo for plot reasons and the controls can be annoying to learn and perform the focus properly.-Serious attention to detail. This isn't really a problem for the earlier episodes, but later on you have to memorise very small details as they can help you out. You need solid sleuthing skills (which you may or may not enjoy). If you miss your opportunity to notice these details, too bad.All in all.. 9/10. Definately worth the money and provides a thought provoking experience from episode one."
76561198085792193,Recommended,319630,18647076,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,numan4634,"A game that makes you question every single desicion in your life.A game that makes you understand that everything happens for a reson in your life.A game that makes you understand that every event has a result somewhere in your life.Basicaly, an awesome game that will make you paranoid,, in a good way :)"
,Recommended,319630,17304452,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Pedobear™,"I'm blown away ...If i could reverse time, I'd buy that game the second it came out!It's one of the best games I've played. Ever!It is funny, has many pop-culture(movies, music, series etc.) references, great dialogue, awesome cinematography and such an incredible story.You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll think. This game has everything! It's like a good movie ... but better."
76561198045680040,Recommended,319630,17463230,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Cart00n network on craCk,this game ruined my life
,Recommended,319630,16976591,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DRUGI,"This game is strong based on its own story. You'll put yourself to this story, you'll love some characters, and maybe you'll also hate some of them. The first episode has been really exciting, you're basically just exploring characters and storyline.  To this day, there're just 3 episodes and every single episode is better than preverious one. The only one negative thing about this game is the fact, that you need to wait over 1 month for next episode - it's temporary problem of course.You can't correctly describe this game, you just need to play it!10/10"
,Recommended,319630,17848493,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,NUGEN,You must play this game before you die10/10
,Recommended,319630,17339283,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Zahkendov,"It was a remarkable experience. I believe Square Enix considered the possible ways of exposing players' understanding of morality while they were creating the choices we have to make. Choosing photography to tell us the choices we made are components of our ""SELF-PORTRAIT"" is genius. There are some technical shortcomings that you can easily spot but once you let the atmosphere take you, they don't even bother you at all. Some conversations may sound so superficial and quite simple but the game actually managed to make me choked up. It might not look like one but it is definetely an AAA game. One of the best games of its kind.""The greatest enemy will be in the last place you'd ever look""9.7/10"
76561198074063435,Recommended,319630,18622642,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Comrey,>This action will have consequences.
,Recommended,319630,25996474,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Seb,OML THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I cried so much in the end. 10/10
76561197971881412,Recommended,319630,14670590,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dhalsim,Thought I had my period playing this game but once I finished I remembered I was a man. 10/10 more pretty teens than mystic falls.
,Recommended,319630,15035831,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Simon,Best game ever!I literally love this game. I was never so touched and full of emotions in my life before.A better interactive story game is really hard to find.It's highly recommended by me!
76561197993985878,Recommended,319630,15044033,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,nimlot,"I will start by saying I'm one of the artists that worked on this game. Since we had a downfall with ""Remember me"" I was not sure what to think about ""Life is strange"". Ofc I knew that this will be a completely different game, but I had this strange feeling that this game will fail as RM did...I really enjoyed working on it...the art direction was great...but that's about all I knew about this game. I had no idea how complex the story will be or how it will feel as a whole.I must say I’m more of a rpg kind of games guy….I had played a lot of adventures but actually I haven’t really been blown away by an adventure game since the good old days when I’ve played “Grim Fandango” or “Syberia”.So I've played episode 1. It was a blast. It was the first game in a really long time when I really got emotionally attached with the characters. The story was complex and intriguing....the characters different but with a lot of things to relate with. The art style combined with the great soundtrack and those moments when u can just stay and meditate on your journey (like sitting on the fountain) was absolutely perfect. For me it was a pleasant surprise that this game actually managed to get that realistic feel of a teenager getting through life with all the choices that might seem right at some point and completely wrong after 10 minutes. This movie like feel combined with all those details to explore and the inner thoughts of Max was for me absolutely incredible.  After finishing ep 1 I really thought that this is a masterpiece…a game that actually keeps u there in front of the monitor even if it’s not about getting points, scoring goals and killing monsters. And it was a long time ago when I last played a game that made me feel that way. And for that I am really proud of the job that the guys from Dontnod did.Then episode 2 was released. I’ve had high expectations and I must say I was not disappointed. Actually the game became more awesome. The story got a lot more complex. The decisions I’ve took in ep 1 had a real impact in the second one. In the first episode the decisions were not that problematic to be honest….they felt a bit dull as long as u wanted to pose in a righteous person….but in this one I had struggles with every damn decision….even answering a god damn phone call….I just cannot express how much I want to see how this will evolve in the next episodes.Ofc there are some problems with the game…like the lip sync issue…but tbh after 10 minutes into the story u have to be crazy to even care about that. I see a lot of people comparing this with Telltale games. Actually I think that this game is from a completely different league. The graphics and overall style is nowhere near that low budget look from telltale. And ofc it’s like this. We’ve worked almost 3 years on this game….Telltale is making one of those episodes every god damn few months. Imho the only thing that gets together Telltales and Dontnods games is the episodic part and maybe the fact that it’s an adventure. Other than that the games are completely different.Anyway…I have only one more thing to say. Go and buy this game. U won’t regret it."
,Recommended,319630,15040675,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,♥ Athena ♥,"This is the a really well made game of this style. I've never been so emotionally involved in any game. The choices they give you always leave you wondering if you chose the right decision, no matter how many times you change yours decision you still second guessI'd recommend this to anyone who loves great story-telling and stories that pull you in.8/5 ★★★★★★★★"
,Recommended,319630,17310620,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ramba,Did you tought only TWD could make you shed a tear? Try Life is Strange.Amazing graphic adventure.These games are the reason why Interactive adventure is my favorite videogame genre9/10
76561198074038875,Recommended,319630,17260224,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Fink,I've never had so many feelings about a game.
,Recommended,319630,18103345,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,loquee,"It's like somebody mixed Donny Darko and Gone Home in a TellTale like game.Only that it is actually much better than everything TellTale has produced so far in many aspects.After playing episode 1 and being positively surprised despite already bringing rather high expectations from all the hype, I will wait for episode 5 to come out before continuing.Put it on your wishlist or get it right now, there won't be any regrets."
,Recommended,319630,15441882,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Neil2244,"Life is Strange is a game I really really like and I never usually go for games like this one due to not used to them but Life is Strange is really different in my opinion maybe it is the story? maybe I just like the atomsphere? who knows?The story I am really enjoying since it can go so many ways depending on how you reply to someone it makes me wanting to know what happens next! the reason I actually really enjoy this game, I also like how this game is going since I've not seen games like this one a normal student who can rewind time! and it is probably nothing alike but for some reason it makes me want to watch the anime 'The girl who leapt through time' since ability that can rewind time and ability to go through time sorta similar if you agree? but anyways highly recommend this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,15455831,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,brunobrcard,"Having played both episodes 1 and 2 I can really say I am enjoying this game. It is a point and click adventure in the telltale format that allows players more exploration than just QTEs present on Walking Dead games. It also supports controller.This is a game where you play as Max, a student, and you have to face an entire week of school facing everyday teen situations, like bullying, social network, cheerleaders. geeks, nasty teachers and so on. You also get time travel powers that allow you to replay scenes and will serve you to fulfill your main goal at the end of the week (you will know as soon as you start to play).Graphics 8/10 - Very good graphics for an adventure game however not state of art.  I would say the graphics suit the game very well.Sound 9/10 - I love the game music and how it is part of Max´s life. A few lyp sync issues.Gameplay 9/10 - I really enjoy how this game improves on every aspect of gameplay used on the Walking Dead Series. There is also lots of things to explore and no QTEs so far.You use the game camera to focus on an object and the possible actions display on screen. As soon as an object is active, a white line is displayed around it making it easy to see what you are interacting with. No need to do pixel hunting.Overall 9/10 - I loved episode 1, liked episode 2 (slower pace) and I am eager to play all of them. I find this game to be the best adventure game of the recent bunch. Even better than dreamfall. Expect to take around 2 hours to finish each episode."
,Recommended,319630,17712531,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ladysharny,This game is just absolutely breathtaking.
,Recommended,319630,14286378,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Daniela Lalilulelo,I want to lose myself in this world.That's my critic.
76561198040881136,Recommended,319630,17264238,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CookieCortex,"This is one of the best games I played in a long time.It's just amazing how every episode blows my mind.I really care about (most of)  the people and I think a lot about my decisionsand the end of every episode leaves me starring at the screen, not believingwhat has happend. If you are interested in a good story, a cool style and plot twistsyou don't expect to happen, then I highly recommend this game.This is a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,319630,17302988,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Joderick,"I used to think Telltale Games was the epitome of adventure games, then I played Dontnod Entertainment's Life is Strange."
76561197974118559,Recommended,319630,18618610,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,R@bbitto,"Life is strange is one of those games that isn't afraid to do things differently and tries out new concepts that go beyond ordinary storytelling. This fun interactive storytelling with choices you also find in Telltale games but Life is Strange gives it a unique twist by making definitive choices not so definitive after all. Mixed with fluent soundtracks, excellent voice acting and an artsy indie look, Square Enix has proven they don't always need to give a girl 2 guns and a ponytail to give you a good adventure.8.5/10 Would travel back in time to re experience this game again."
,Recommended,319630,18618827,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Burgers-13,too good not to get
,Recommended,319630,24582394,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Mad Pumpkin,"Unlike a lot of multiple choice games, you'll be glad to know that you will actually get to choose the underlying storyline's final outcome, as well as a series of minor and major choices along the way, which can make it easier or harder for you to reach the end point. Also, due to the huge impact some of these choices can make, it makes the game very replayable as the storyline doesn't feel monotone upon replay and branches off in several ways. It's also very easy to miss things so even going back the third time around, I have found new things. This game is hugely detailed, from Max's journal entries, to Chloe's reoccuring graffiti, and even being able to leave messages on boards for people to read can carry consequences. The graphics aren't hugely demanding yet beautiful and the music matches the atmosphere and character's personalities perfectly.For the completionists out there,  there are all the optional photos to take. It is also nice to be able to compare world and friends stats on the choices.Obviously if you're not a fan of story driven games you may be sceptical of the time travel premise. However it never feels forced or overally cliche, so as this game comes in episodes I recommend you at least try out the first one. If you do love this style of game go straight for the full pack, it takes so many unexpected turns and the characters are so lovable right from the start. I highly recommend it."
76561198123611571,Recommended,319630,24594176,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Snow man,First game in about ten years i've actually savoured and been sad to finish.
,Recommended,319630,24615701,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Scorch052,"This game made me think about a lot of things.A lot of scary, but important things.I wish it didn't affect me as much as it does, but I also feel like the way in which it affects me is positive.I encourage everyone to at least try this game.Games can be art, and DontNod has given us an indisputable confirmation of that."
,Recommended,319630,24623030,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Black Abyss,"It was an amazing experience through and through. Yet, episode 5 left me with a big gaping hole in my heart I can't get rid of. Probably one of my best story experiences with a game yet."
,Recommended,319630,24624910,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Miccowhy,"I just finished the game and I can actually tell that it was the best thing I ever played. Sometimes after reading a great book or watching a good film you can feel stuck in that world and like detached from reality (the book hangover, I believe that's how it's called) - so that is exactly the feeling that the Life is Strange gaved to me. I suppose that I would need a couple of time to get over it, no doubt I'll play it again some more times in not so distant future (and also I'll shoot some optional photos, which I've missed, can't let this lie uncompleted) - definitely tugged my heartstrings."
76561197972110493,Recommended,319630,24719569,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,whit25,"I finished my first play through of this game a few days ago and I can't get it out of my heart. While I sit here typing this, I am listening to the bittersweet guitar tune from the game...and I am quite sad.Yes, I feel like an idiot for admitting that, but what you need to know here is that this is an INCREDIBLE game. And to call it ""a game"" is quite nearly an insult to the effort of the developers.This is an experience. A test. A journey.""Life Is Strange"" is fun, entertaining, interesting...but it is also uncommonly compelling, intriguing, and heart-felt. It is a game that makes you think as it reaches into your mind, tests your scruples  and tugs at your heart srtings. If you are like me, you will in equal parts, become Max, wish you were Max, thank God that you are NOT Max...and feel deeply for her. You will want to coach her, cajole her, motivate her. She will then amaze you, bewilder you, and twist at your emotions. Then you will realize that, in a very big way, you are Max...and Max is you.""Life Is Strange"" is an amazingly well put together tale that unfolds based on decisions you make while given the opportunity try different approaches in reaching these decisions. Once you become immersed in the game, you find yourself using  Max's power to test different responses in difficult situations, but ultimately you must make a choice, take a stance...and then live with it. And the effect these choice can and do have...can be staggering.If you COULD change the past, present or future...would you? Knowing Not knowing if or how unanticipated ripples could dramatically affect you, or someone close to you.Would you?Bottom line, I consider this to be one of the best, most amazing gaming experiences of my life.The visuals are incredible, the look and feel is so realistic, the music choices and stying is spot on, and the voice acting is absolutely brilliant.I am grateful to the developers for taking the time to create a smart, thoughtful and brilliantly executed piece of entertainment. When they come out with their next creation, I wll be there.Life Is Strange.Yeah, it's ""just a game"". But I found it to be sweet, touching, highly entertaining and in the end...heart breaking.Stupid game.I hope you play, take good care of Max, and come back and tell me what you think."
,Recommended,319630,24604646,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,iamGrv,"I don't write reviews but Life is Strange deserves all the applause.Review: Masterpiece. Best story driven adventure game!Dontnod, you have outdone yourselves. I don't think I have ever felt so many emotions while playing any game in my life before. Life is Strange is a masterpiece. It is a totally uniqueexperience.My mind is still boggled at the perfection of this game. You'll get lost in it's own little world. It's a journey full of emotions. It's sad but a beautiful game with lots of brilliant twists and turns. You'll get attached to the characters and that will force you to think twice or more before selecting the choices. The story is touching and the cinematography of Life is Strange is gorgeous. The soundtrack selection of this game couldn't be more perfect. Hands down it's one of the best games I have ever played.Pros:+ Game Optimization.+ Brilliant and Unique Story.+ Choices and it's Consequences.+ Lots of Surprises and Twists.+ Rewind Time Power.+ Lovable Characters.+ Dialogues.+ Amazing Cinematography.+ Music Selection + Soundtrack.Cons:- You can't rewind time and play this game again for the first time.Rating: 10/10 - Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,319630,33149521,Posted: 2 July,all,Blaken,"Учитесь Telltale , просто б%$ть учитесь! Вот он уровень , а не ваши ху$во нарисованные задники сделанные на скорую руку , Batman который нагружает gtx1060 сильнее , чем GTA 5 б@ять. Думал игра для девочек , но никогда так не ошибался в играх."
76561198301132462,Recommended,319630,29968520,Posted: 16 February,all,</MarsISFuture>,after only seventy minutes i want to rethink my life and cry......mostly crywould recommend this game to anyone that wants to have an otherwordly experience and a great storystill crying.....
,Recommended,319630,28161778,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,✪ProSanity,"I really love this game so much, I really reccommend it to those who enjoy episodic adventure's. Especially when you have the ability to control time... :3"
,Recommended,319630,17461035,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Grafffiti Poool,BUY THIS GAME
76561198065980912,Recommended,319630,18581684,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,2134565(RNG),"Nominated as The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” AwardSo much memories after playing all the episode. Filled with good one and bad one. I got to say it feels more like a movie and in this game you make a movie by choices. Expect full of suprises during playime.It want that fun game but made me to smile and cry time to times. And I enjoyed a lot of time just ""being there"".  If you re looking for a game like a lot of action / tons of replayablity you might have to play other games.(It has a fair volume not huge)  But if you're up to have some great experince you might consider this game . I dare to compare it with a good movie.For the story I can't tell you much but I'm pretty sure you will think a lot and you will probably love it . It was pretty deep. And graphics was good . Soundtrack was beyond the expectaion , it was just awesome. And there were a lot of interesing ""hidden stuff"" on each episode.For the bad things. This game was too challenging on certain part of the game. I think it was too hard to played by a lot of people with different game skills . And rarely I got glitced when I was altering time. Had to reload to fix it.Overall, I had a good experince. I wouldnt say it was flawless, it was great. Worth the money I paid and time I have waited to play the full epsoides.9.5 / 10  Willing to cry and smile again. Can't wait to play sequal or something."
,Recommended,319630,29402601,Posted: 21 January,all,IAmNotMatthew,"Might contain spoilers.At first I though this game is a ""Depressed Teen Girl Simulator"", turns out it's a ""Depressed Teen Girl Destroys The World Simulator"", or something like that.Story wise it's awesome, from Episode 1 to Episode 4 it's linear, impossible to not understand.Episode 5 is a mess, seems linear, sort of linear to be honest, but it's not. Obviously it's not a downside at all, since the story of the game makes the last(5th) Episode so confusing for the first time.Also, the game has some slight horror aspects in Episode 5, this is the puzzle part.Overall, a really great game."
76561198208584625,Recommended,319630,18015060,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GameSysco,"This Game is the best episodical game I have ever seen or played. I love this so much and i have done a youtube series on it. A feature of the game that really makes it stand out from the other games is that the small choices you make will eventually graduate up to a huge consequence, aka the 'butterfly effect'. I love how this is integrated into the game, and eventhough i bought the whole series about a month ago, it is still by far the best game in my library. Definitely would recommend it to anybody who enjoys butterfly effect or episodical games. If you have enough money in your account to buy the whole series, nobody will try and stop you. This is a game definitely worth the £16 that it costs. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24696413,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,POTUS,"So much more than a game, Life is Stange is a beautiful experience.Life is Strange might actually change some perceptions you have of the world and people. As someone who connects to these types of games I found myself unable to stop playing it! I only wish I could continue the story after the game ends.This is not a bells and whistles tour, this is not a high tech game that has more graphics settings than a high-end television. This is a great story with a very simple yet effective play style.This will be featured in my favourites list from now on!"
76561198055443285,Recommended,319630,24735309,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,NoW Most Fluffy,"Life Is Strange, an episodic masterpiece by Dontnod Entertainment. Set in the fictional town of Arcadia Bay, LiS follows Max Caulfield amid her senior year at Blackwell Academy, during which she discovers the ability to reverse time. With the power to reverse time, you will find yourself doubting many choices you make. The art style and soundtrack are both simply phenomonal aspects that will enhance your experience. With a deep plot, (twists included), unique-dynamic characters, and choices that will affect your experience the whole way, LiS might just be the best choice-based game to date. LiS also confronts issues people experience, that other games shy away from.(Bullying, Sexual Harassment, Depression, Drug Use, + More)I warn those with weak emotions, there are several heartbreaking scenes that may incite tears. Life Is Strange is an experience I would recommend to all.Overall: 10/10"
76561198139257259,Recommended,319630,17987284,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sunflower Overlord,Episode 4 gave me trust issues
,Recommended,319630,24735075,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Psyjinx,"Out of all of the Narrative and Choice driven games out there... This is number one.Life Is Strange is a game that will tap into your emotions and exploit every weakness you have.The choices will leave you at a standstill every SINGLE time, and the ending will stick with you for life.Good luck future players of this game."
,Recommended,319630,16864291,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gravillion,11/10 hella great
,Recommended,319630,15168968,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,box,"When I played this game, I felt at peace; the main character is like a meek doe, exploring the environment and this instills some sort of tranquility in me.Life Is Strangeputs the player in the main character's place in a similar way that some ofQuantic Dream's games do, but it does this more humbly; you won't be rushed into making life-changing decisions that you can't rewind (because, of course, you can rewind). The game throws quite a few tough decisions at you, but it gives you all the time you want to decide which one you want to choose. In this manner, the game makes you feel like more of an experimenting onlooker than actually being in the game.The premise is pretty ridiculous (how to entropy??), but that's not the point. Like those ""would you rather..."" questions (and movies likeGroundhog Day), it makes you ponder and imagine, while also giving you the thrill of seeing the outcomes of your hypothetical/real decisions. The story can be a bit predictable at times (even before you go back in time) and a few characters are very stereotypical, but nonetheless, it is a good story with fairly good character development. It explores many themes quite well, including love, friendship, depression, and self-exploration.PlayingLife Is Strangeis like looking through a camera: you're there, but not really part of the action when you hold the camera. You have to decide which moment you want to capture. Once you've decided, you take the shot and that moment is recorded, and you wonder how well it will turn out. You can look back at that picture later and notice its imperfections and perfections, but whether you see beauty in it or not; in a strange way, you'll feel glad that you took the shot.I recommend you take the shot."
,Recommended,319630,14343584,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Speed Dealer,The music was amazing!
,Recommended,319630,15059640,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,zoni the pothead,"I'm so exited and proud that i bought that game before it even came out, waited for episode 2 not so long, hope it will be the same with next episodes, this game is so about reality, mostly, but not always, like Max's superpowers might not be real but this game is so epic, by myself im a Punk, a little probably dying sub-culture, so like Chloe, by my opinion Chloe should be main Character. I recommend this game to the walking dead fans, its really similiar to it.Keep it up guys, this gameNEEDSto be epic like first two episodes."
76561198122697098,Recommended,319630,33453329,Posted: 11 July,all,Generic 12 YearOld,Alright.I payed $4.99 for this game.I feel like i just got the greatest bargain that the world has ever seen.
,Recommended,319630,25854185,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,kaiser84,"When someone dares to say videogames are not art, you can show them this game and sayGO ♥♥♥♥ YOUR SELFIE""Still can't believe it"" list:Made me say WTF more than BioshockMade me enjoy indie musicMade me regret not dating a weird hair colored punk girlMade me get a slight interest in photography (now I know who to blame for selfies)Made me feel nostalgic about school daysMade me discover ""wowser""This game ishella cool"
,Recommended,319630,18648262,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Calvatron,"+Engaging and deep story+believable and multilevelled characters+Unique mechanics+Beautiful painting-like art style+Tons of optional background info on locations and characters+Intensely atmospheric+Your choices mattersomewhat+Voice acting is spot on across the board-Graphics are a tiny bit outdated-Dialogue can get a little cringy-Depending on who you are, you might not like the ending-You get essentially the same experience watching it on Youtube.10/10, it's hella great"
76561198006371925,Recommended,319630,17260650,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Broken,"deleted my old positive review to make an even more positive one :3 this game breaths life into a stagnant video game industry. your choices matter, not so much at first but after a couple hours you quickly realize you have pushed a snowball down a hill and there is no stopping it. it takes you through a roller coaster of emotions as it presents the entire game to you in a way that you never really know what choices are the right ones (there are no right or wrong answers just different paths into darkness). they nailed the voices and script even though lip sync is bad it more than makes up for this by having voices that suit everyone and you really feel what they are expressing ... well just play it for yourself BUY THIS GAME !!!! it's a masterpiece !!!controls - resident evil/10character development - 10/10feeling your desisions matter - 11/10graphics - charmingly beautiful/10sound and voice - 9/10consequences -♥♥♥♥♥♥storm/10sorry for the bad grammar im a freaking cat what do you expect i dont even have thumbs :3"
,Recommended,319630,27029902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,creature,The single best game I have ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,319630,15968611,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,dicklover3020,This game is amazing :D
,Recommended,319630,29209923,Posted: 12 January,all,Postino,"This game completely ♥♥♥♥ing changed my view of life, it actually made me feel some kind of emotion when playing a videogame and it was just... fantastic. It genuinely pushed me to be more friendly, and a better person overall.Everything, any little detail is just perfectly put carefully by DONTNOD Enternaiment. Oh, and the style: I love the style! It also grew my love for indie music more.I can't really explain that much without spoiling, but the game actually talks about a lot of social themes: from friendship, love and family to drugs, abuse and traumatic episodes.EVERY choice you will make will somehow impact the story, and A LOT OF choices you'll have to do will be really difficult. Literally, like, a lot of them took me 5 mins to possibly speculate about the outcomes.Now I'm stuck in the post-game depression so I'm desperately looking for a sequel, which I really hope will happen anytime this year!I recommend playing it one episode every two days, so that you won't end it so soon and then ruin the satisfaction of the game!Cons? Nah, there really isn't any cons, the game is perfect already as it is and I haven't experienced any imperfection yet, I played the game completely flawlessly, and I haven't found any problem with the story at all!BUUUUUUUUUT don't check out any forums/fanart/subreddits about the game: it'll be inevitably full of spoilers. I had the luck to play the game blindly, which is why I enjoyed it so much. So should you!"
,Recommended,319630,16854472,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,YoiLikeOrange,I LOVE IT SO MUCH
,Recommended,319630,25699148,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HighOnTacos,Never again will you be so attached to a hipster and a stoner
,Recommended,319630,28162829,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ˢᵐᵒᶫᶫ ʸᵘᵈᵃ,"I've nominated it for ""Best Puns"" 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33384312,Posted: 8 July,all,Hanyu💤,♥♥♥♥u gamethis is too much.
,Recommended,319630,17609549,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ミンティ,best game i ever played
,Recommended,319630,17242724,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Perry Rhodan,Must have!
,Recommended,319630,15917377,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Nya Ho(The Savvy H4X0R),Just impressive. ^^
,Recommended,319630,15691743,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,A really good game that has good music and graphics. A really must buy game for music and art lovers. It's like telltale games and teen drama put together into something memorable. 11/10
,Recommended,319630,18583811,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,RollerDes,"I have now...played the final episode, I will be honest, if you think it was a let down, you are wrong. The Choices they give have deeper meaning. And that is what makes this game beautiful, it was one of the most emotional rollercoasters I have ever experienced, especially just episode 5 on its own is like a rollercoaster, this game wrapped up in way on a more emotional level, if you dont appreciate whats beneath the surface of this masterpiece, then you probably wont enjoy this game, or maybe just the ending, but I found myself almost crying at the end and after it I could not think straight for hours and could not sleep, if a game like this can leave me that way, then Id say that this is one of the most well worth it buys Ive had on steam in a long time, if you havent bought this game or were waiting for all episodes to be out to play it finally, or on the fence about it, then please do not hesitate to buy this piece of art, because this game truly impacted me. 9.5/10 Update: Now that I had time to analyze the games last episode one more time I found that this Episode was lackluster, making Max a scapegoat only because time constraints and resources for this last episode, Episode 5 more feels like its seperate from the other 4, being its own thing, and really the game threw the fact that Max was the cause of the storm like it was science. Fact. When in reality she was not. We never find out so many mysteries and characters are killed off like flies. And a build up to the Pan Estates that never happened, why? The game basically makes your playthrough a emotional rollercoaster for no reason, making the gameplay mechanics pointless, analyzing and looking at things around you is the gameplay but they made that cmpletely pointless. And thats what I cannot forgive.  Max never asked for her powers. And we as the player never find out why. Dont Nod couldve delayed this game a month more and I would have accepted that, but this is not something I can accept. Rushing a game out is never the answer, and it makes me hesitate to even want a season 2 as confirmed already. If season 2 ends up like this, then Dont Nod just isnt right for this job. Do not make gameplay pointless. Do not say that your choices will have consequences when they never actually do, do not shove it in my face everytime episode starts cuase this fact is so untrue. In any case, the game is still amazing despiite the dissappointing last episode, its a beauty of a game all around besides the lip sync, so if you still have not picked up this game for whatever reason, Go for it."
,Recommended,319630,26279149,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Robophobic Remarks,"This game, dude.At first I had this friend who kept recommending it to me and I was like ♥♥♥♥ off dude, it's probably just an over-rated Teltalle rip-off.Boy, I was wrong. Episode one already tells you that it's going to be an amazing game. I already knew the endings, sadly. I spoiled them myself because I never thought I'd actually get to play this game (lesson learned, I never did that again) but there were so many decisions leading to that I still had so much fun and I actually worried about characters.Come to think about it, this was the only game where I actually cared about what happened to a character or not, accompanied with JoJo which was the first anime I actually cared about the characters.rohan <3.Anyway, when I saw the first episode was free I was like eh, why not try it? And that was my initial mistake hahahaI couldn't sit there making conclusions about what happened, so I grabbed my ♥♥♥♥ing wallet and bought all of the damn episodes. Boy, it was good. You won't regret buying this game :)"
,Recommended,319630,34648188,Posted: 31 August,all,DreamTheater,"You don't beat this game, this game beats you."
,Recommended,319630,17698946,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"Best Feels Simulator I've ever played.EDIT: Best game of 2015.One of my top 3 games ever.10/10 must ♥♥♥♥ing buy.EDIT 2:Nominated for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award."
,Recommended,319630,16079746,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PRiS,Good game.Excellent story line.Pace of the game is excellent.I love this game~
76561198086700516,Recommended,319630,16267145,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ostentatious Ostrich,"Life is Strange is a very enjoyable game. Note that it is not for everyone, but I personally really liked it. The visuals are expressive and beautiful. The sound design fits the mood perfectly and this game will certainly not be forgotten. The story itself is engrossing but the scripting can be a little cringy at times. In summery, if you like the choose your own adventure style game this is one you should check out. Otherwise, it might no be for you."
,Recommended,319630,14248330,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,robohipster,"Very interesting. It's like Braid, a Telltalte game, and some hippy-dippy indie flick all rolled into one... with a dash of Donnie Darko and maybe even Twin Peaks? It's not without it's flaws; the voice cast is... okay. But it's a really ambitious idea and I'm excited to see where it goes."
,Recommended,319630,18008849,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sir Jaime Willie Mac Jr. The III,I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS!!
,Recommended,319630,14739397,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,tafemka,absolutely must play
,Recommended,319630,33759684,Posted: 23 July,all,The-Big-Boss || Active On Phone,Well i can say nothing about this game . I even cried with it . Life is strange has one of the most powerful stories in my whole life . I definitely recommend this game for everyone . the choices will make u crazy and u don't know what to do and which way to choose .  It's worth every penySo buy it10/10 surely
76561198008149575,Recommended,319630,18578564,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,"جيمس ""رقائق"" محمد لافوي","This game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.If you're the type of person who can participate in a story with a lot of dialogue and little gameplay mechanics, this is a must play."
76561198080123161,Recommended,319630,15111042,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Speikobrarote,"With episode 4 the game is now my favorite game for years. The story is so good the feelings he characters the choices. Only thing I still don't like is Alyssas voiceacting. Sounds like someone trying to hard.First of all. Don't rush through this game. Breath in, sit back and relax.Enjoy the music, the characters, the story, the choices.Pros:- story- characters- music- voice acting!- nice graphics- time rewind system- multiple outcomes/ not really- morbid themes- lots of patches, fixed lip synchCons:- the 5th EpisodeOverall this was one hell of a journey, even tho the end left me disappointed like many others. It felt like every choice you made didn't really change a thing. But still the music, the story, the characters everything felt so good up to this point.I demand an optional Epilogue episode."
76561198079341221,Recommended,319630,18577625,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Melwyn Ravenbreeze,ALL ABOARD! ALL ABOARD! STEP RIGHT UP AND GET YOUR TICKETS FOR THE FEELS TRAIN! STEP RIGHT UP LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!All joking aside once you get past all the teen drama ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it is quite an evoloping story with interesting time mechanics.
76561198085061731,Recommended,319630,18627291,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Karas,"So far, I've only played the first episode in the series, and from what I can tell, this is going to be an AWESOME game. Honestly, the ONLY issue I can find with the game is the price. For $5 the first episode was REALLY short. I haven't played the others yet, but I'm hoping for the $17 for the next 4 episodes each episode will be at least a little longer."
,Recommended,319630,18627504,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DarkTork,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED!
76561197994710988,Recommended,319630,15115080,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jackhan07,"+++ Satisfies the ""what if I could rewind that conversation"" curiosity+++ Immersive atmosphere and music+++ Strokes my left wing phallusPLUS:Great storyInteresting, developed charactersCool time travel mechanic"
,Recommended,319630,16127638,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,climate1,"This game is the best game ever, I cried so much at the end of episode 3.Its a must buy game!"
76561198160112898,Recommended,319630,15396947,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David,"play it youll ""feel"" the outcome of your choices very different from anything else i have played ... 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,17053474,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Exciting Jeff,"I'm two episodes in, and admittedly, I'll probably finish it, because I'm a sucker for choice in games, and it seems like the choices in this game are less illusory than those in most of its ilk. The game has promise, and I hope it delivers.But right now? The game feels like it was written by someone raised in an isolation chamber whose only source material for ""youth culture"" is secondhand descriptions of Empire Records,MMO fetch quests, Stand By Me, and Telltale Games. Oh, and Twin Peaks, apparently. This game is not subtle about its influences.Also, what's with the music? It's pervasive, but it positively screams ""I am royalty-free and proud!""I want to like this. Maybe someday I will like it. But right now, it feels like homework. I'm waiting on the emotional resonance.Edit: OK, so episode 3 is the clincher. It's got everything. Chaos theory. That Mogwai song that sounds like the Cure's In Between Days (perfect), missed chances, emotional resonance. It's a damn shame it took this long, but I'm glad I made it here."
,Recommended,319630,18618613,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,INEEDAmedic68,All aboard the feels train.Telltale should take lessons from this game.
,Recommended,319630,18629794,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nös,"Story, Soundtrack, Characters, Visuals => Hella Awesome!01\01 DONTNOD uoy knahT"
,Recommended,319630,18856843,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Menos Grande,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,319630,19961982,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Deck Chair,Even if this game was 50$ per episode i would still buy everything. It's so much better than all those AAA crap games.Buy it.You wont regret it.
,Recommended,319630,19235561,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Loveless Dubu,"Love the music, the artwork and the minor details to such that the player might not notice at first glance and it was that good.Love the choices, the concept, the twist and turns and the killing suspenses.Love the story, the characters and the voice acting.From all the loves stated, this game brought an impactful meaning of life to me.And to how not to fark up choices and think to twice before act in real life."
,Recommended,319630,29655543,Posted: 2 February,all,Agent Ash,"This game isn't a game at all. It's a piece of interactive art. Games are about numbers, results, rules, getting good. This is not a game. It's a story that you can live through and experience.I wouldn't believe it if somebody told me this is possible. I've beaten hundreds of games, and yet I haven't seen anything like this.This story doesn't try to please you. It's not about having fun and then moving on to other stuff. It's like falling in love. It's like living.This game actually changed me as a person and it feels like it changed my life.This review is quite useless because it's very hard to describe it. You can't write a review on somebody you fell in love with.Just know, nothing can prepare you for this."
,Recommended,319630,29871676,Posted: 12 February,all,Lionheart97,"Get it, aint a waste of money. Good Story. 9/10 for me.;)"
,Recommended,319630,19035454,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,KmtMain,I instantly got addicted to this masterpiece!This game is like:IntroductionPlot twistEmotional momentPlot twistCliffhangerPlot twistEmotional momentPlot twistCliffhangerPlot twist[...]
,Recommended,319630,19322980,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,♚ PakistaniSmurf ♚,"WHAT A F**KING AMAZING GAME! The choices, the story, the art, the design, the music, the idea.... I could go on and on and on about how good this game is but it wouldn't do it justice because this game is meant to be played in order to be understood. No matter what kind of games you play or even if you don't play games at all, this is one game you have to try out.This could very well be a game that you can introduce to a friend who doesn't play video games so that he/she gets into gaming and get him/her to realize how amazing games are. This game shows how much video games can teach or make you understand about a topic that is not something you have ever witnessed or felt in your life.I finished this game within 3 days of buying it, that is how good it is."
,Recommended,319630,19988590,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,maddie the baddie,this game starts off like a cringy high school drama full of white girl problems but then everything gets real way too fast. I honestly cried a lot playing this. #madmaxandchaoschloeybaesforever<3
,Recommended,319630,24632721,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Urgel,"As a bearded, manly, manly man, I can openly admit: This game made me cry like a little kid!No matter what kind of games (or stories) you are into, whether you like grand strategy, shooters, or puzzle games. (This game is none of that, but) I can guarantee YOU WILL LOVE IT! Please give  Episode 1 a try for free and get sucked right in to this intense story. I could barely wait the download time of the other Episodes, once I was finished with the first.The story of this game is amazing in every way I can think of. The characters are deep and develop SO WELL! I myself felt like I bonded with these characters and had a tough time putting them trough difficult situations. Nothing you do goes unnoticed. Every choice you make genuinely makes a difference. (Some more than others, but the point stands). Whilst the actual endings of the game do not differ massively, the way there will always be a bit of a different experience, making different choices along the way.The gameplay also works very well. I played the game with an X-Box 360 controller and the controls worked very smoothely. In the many hours I played this game (I played all the way trough it over the course of one weekend) I only noticed one little problem with the gameplay, which was mostly due to me screwing up massively and was an easy fix, by reloading the last checkpoint (which was very fairly placed at that).The main mechanic of this game is messing around with time, by rewinding it and I can tell you two things:1. This game will suck up your free-time like a vacuum cleaner sucks dust of your dirty gamer-bedroom-floorAND2. After you have finished the game you are going to wish you could rewind to a point in time, when you had not yet played the game so you could experience it all over again."
,Recommended,319630,24641068,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kitten,"What bothers me the most is that episode one was the worst episode by far. I had to rebuy this series 5 times (yes, i refunded it and bought it that many times) in order to finally get past the first episode since it came out. Do not allow the first episode to set the tone for the rest of the game. In my 20 years of gaming, this has been the only game to have some tears actually escape my eyes and run down my face. Some moments are predictable, but I was so invested into the characters (Episode one, in my opinion, doesnt do such a good job of grabbing the attention of all audiences, and aims to please the hipster/emo type audience instead of making the characters relatable in all forms. Past the first episode, the characters are more refined and less hipsterish/obnoxious.) that I still felt the effects of the decisions the protagonist has to face.Also, do NOT look up the consequences of actions. It seems like it should go without saying, but if your like me and indecisive as ♥♥♥♥, you will be extremely tempted to do so. This will ruin the whole experience."
,Recommended,319630,25989016,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Victoria Chase 31/08/2017,Please whatever you do...Save Chloe.This game is purely breathtaking. I want to rewind back and have no memory of this game so that I can experience this game once again. The characters are relatable so you can really get to know them. Everything links with everything and one thing can be for the good or for the bad.  You can either choose to be a lesbian or be with Warren (please no) which makes it fun for everyone. The suspence is way beyond what words can say. It's just an amazing game and I hope they come out with a Life Is Strange 2. :)
76561198310277223,Recommended,319630,26018913,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Derpy Ducks,"It is awsome! It has every thing a gamer could ask for! good graphics, a beutieful senery, a good story, and some badass charachers!"
,Recommended,319630,18925226,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Livin' Legendary,"I don't write reviews for games. I just don't.However, this isn't any ""normal"" game.I play a / lot / of games. Very seldomly does a game get into my head, make me feel what's happening.Make me think about my life choices, my friends, my loved ones, even squirrels.This game was an emotional rollercoaster for me. I loved every second of it.I'm not usually into these types of games. Point and click, walk around for a second, stare at someting, get bored and walk away. This is different.You'll get majorly involved in the characters. You'll be happy, you'll want to throw your computer off of a sky scraper, you may cry, but it's all worth it in the end.The only issues I have with this game, is that, now that it's over...... What the **** do I do with myself now?I can't go back to CS:GO so soon after finishing that..... I may need a few days away from the computer. Clear my head.11/10EDIT: 1 year later and still replaying and loving this game.Will be voting LiS for the Steam Awards!"
,Recommended,319630,24644807,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Show Me What You Got,"This is one of the best games I have ever played!It takes alot to make me cry but I cried several times while playing episodes 1-5 of Life Is Strange.This game shows just how precious life is, You get to know and love the characters and how easily bad things can happen to the people you love.I love this game, I certainly am going to be buying Season 2 when it comes out.This has to be a 100/10 for me, It's an amazing game."
76561198255795622,Recommended,319630,25099078,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ecandia1030,"I played every episode and they are all amazing. Amazing graphics, amazing soundtrack, amazing everything. in my opinion this is a MUST"
,Recommended,319630,25331365,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,XtevenG,"Wow.....just wow.........I'm literaly speechless after finishing this game, man what a journey.This game has great storytelling that will let you grown attach to all the characters in the game, or at least most of them.  Never had I being so emotionally invested in a game, not even talltate's Walking Dead.  The game give me so many WTF moments especially on the last episode, Man I hope for a Life is Strange 2 now, maybe not a direct sequel to this story, but I am so looking foward to it."
,Recommended,319630,26004999,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Gabe,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. Really involving and such a beautiful sound track.Good to play with your boy/girlfriend as you both could involve into the story and play together making the choices. Like an interactive movie. Doesn't require any ""gaming skills"".Worth every penny."
76561198259446899,Recommended,319630,26006366,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SonOfKyuss69,"Jesus Christ. After having finished all 5 episodes in 20h, I am speechless. It's been a very long time since a game made me feel this way. Maybe back in the day when I played classics like The Longest Journey for the first time or even going back to when I was discovering my first games ever. Wow. What a ride. I'd rather not give any details regarding any aspect of gameplay or story and just say that it's best to discover everything about this game, by yourself. I'll just say that the emphasis is on the story and what a story it is. The stuff of legend. I recommend it 1000%"
,Recommended,319630,26018261,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DEMIGOD BWWAAA,"I have this game on my PS3, XboxOne, And now... Well my brother has it on steam so i can play but i will be buying it for steam just to support! One of my most favorite games of all time! I love the story and that's really everything for a game like this. Telltale games is easly some of my favorite games as well but this takes the cake! No need to wait for a sale! Easly worth every last penny! I give it a 11/10. I hope they do more like this in the future. Perhaps a Life Is Strange 2!? One can only dream."
,Recommended,319630,29857612,Posted: 11 February,all,Flüff deWolf,"My review on Life is Strange is long overdueI cannot put to words how much I loved this gameI originally played episode 1 as a joke, just to see how much of a lesbian-tumblr-pandering game it was,I didn't want to like it, but I did. I didn't buy the next four episodes for what? a week? and it was killing meI wanted to know what happened next! ""I don't like it; I just want to fully experience this game"" I told myselfI was lyingI love MaxI love ChloeIf you have not played this game, I recommend this, so muchJust play episode 1, its freeJust do it, you wont regret it"
76561198068645953,Recommended,319630,24652365,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,WonderPants,"This is by far the best game i have EVER played. It´s got a fresh interesting concept, AWSOME and loveable characters the best music ive ever heard difficult choices that actually matters, and it looks beuteful. And for the record ive never cried in any game up untill now, this game made me cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ on multiple occations.And theres no reason for you not to try it since episode 1 is free! Its hella awsome.And as an extra il throw in a blog about depressionhttp://mugflub.blogspot.se/2016/07/why-life-is-strange-screwed-you-up.htmlby Mugflub1000/10 highly recomned"
,Recommended,319630,17436254,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Black FishMaker,One of the best games i have ever played in my life.
,Recommended,319630,34788216,Posted: 6 September,all,oGs_SPECTRUM,"I got to say that I have never been so moved by a game in my life. I have been playing this game for a while now and I must say that this is hands down one of the best games that I own on steam. At first, I didnt think that I would like it, but for the sale price of $4.99 which included all the episodes, I thought ""why not give this game a try"". Well, I can honestly say now that was the best decision of my life! The story of the game is so amazing and the characters are full of personality that you become attached to them right away.There was one episode though in the game that touched me very much. POTIENTAL SPOILER - I played an episode, from which one of my friends jumped off a building, due to some bulling caused by a viral video that went around about her. I must say, it sent shivers down my spine, and made me shed a tear, when that happened. Even though it’s just a game, I feel like we get so attached to these characters, like in movies, that you yourself hurt.In the very last episode of the game, and ultimly the ending of the game, words cannot explain how this game left me when i finished it . This is the only game that I own and that I have played where it actually made me take a step back from my computer and cry.If you are a gamer who likes choices games and who also loves a good and emotional story, then this is for you. Heck, ever if you are not into these types of games, just buy it! You wont regreat it!Hands down 10/10Now I am playing this for a second time on here plus I ordered it on my xbox and PS4. That should tell you how much I love this game."
,Recommended,319630,35131863,Posted: 22 September,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,Why is there water falling out of my eyes...?... Owww my heart :'(..
,Recommended,319630,18584243,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HeyItsChris,"When I first heard of Life is Strange, I had my doubts, but after finishing Episode 5 just now I can wholeheartedly recommend this series to anyone looking for a great story experience. This series has shown that gameplay in its most simplest form can make any person feel invested with the game's characters, setting and plot.The game has always managed to keep me invested  in the story. From the main choices, to roaming around some areas and reading flyers scattered around. Choices and their consequences rarely go through tropes and often leave you wondering of their impact later on in the plot. Puzzles are simple and intuitive, not the toughest, but they are fitting for the game's style and narrative context.Some final and more personal thoughts, this game was a real emotional ride that gave me highs and lows that no other game has given, Some moments really hit me hard and even affected me as a person. For a work of art I really do appreciate it more than anything. Life really is the star of this game, and everything that comes with it."
,Recommended,319630,18676947,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ｈｉｋａｒｕ,"Best game ever! 10/10Would play it again, and again, and again, and again, I ♥♥♥♥ing trade my soul to rewind and play again for the first time!"
,Recommended,319630,18721460,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Isopher,"This is the only game i have ever said this for. Gameplay, graphics, and shinies are completely irrelevant. The reason this game is good is the story. Im not saying that the gameplay and graphics are bad, because they are pretty good and there are plenty of shinies to keep your attention. But the single biggest reason i like this game and recommend it is the story."
76561198173396737,Recommended,319630,18730264,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,FortuneFavors,"I regret nothing, beautiful game"
,Recommended,319630,19022750,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,LoLrenzo,best game ever
,Recommended,319630,19735699,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,xiN,"Absolutely amazing experience, what a masterpiece. So much feels, 10/10 would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,319630,20254406,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Distro,11/10 feels trip
,Recommended,319630,20256724,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Johnny Bravo,"I grinded this game out over the course of a night, and I can honestly say that no story has left me saying ""Just one more episode!"" like Life is Strange. I am not a fan of the genre or art style, yet in Episode 1 alone I was captivated by the story and depth of the characters to the point where the graphics and mechanics no longer mattered.I am not ashamed to say that the beginning of Episode 4 hit me very close to home, and every scene after that produced a new color of emotion in me that no other game has been able to give me. The storytelling in Life is Strange is intense and insanely flattering to the overall message of the game, even though everything is so difficult to understand unless you put the pieces together yourself.Let these funny reviews make a point- even watering the plants matter in a small way. Lighting a candle could cause a catastrophe! If you are unsastisfied with a choice, or how an event played out, it is within your powers to make every scene to your liking- for the better or for the worse. Not to mention all the extra pictures that you can take. (Many of which I missed, which on top of the decision tree differences will make for amazing replay value!)This entire game- no, experience- moved me very much. The Life is Strange team tackled some extremely taboo topics throughout the game and made it flow so effortlessly over the course of my 10-hour campaign. While I cannot hope to see another Episode in this series, Life is Strange will forever be one of my favorite experiences and I refuse to believe that I will be able to commend it enough. An amazing game and a top 3 in my books. Would absolutely recommend."
76561198057405870,Recommended,319630,20268580,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Convel,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. I love the music, story and characters. There are few games that really pull me into the story like this game did. Please make follow ups and more games like this. Please! infinity/10"
,Recommended,319630,20470794,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,г4ภςђ0г,It is definitly worth buying this game. One of the best games 2015 imo and I would buy every Episode a second time. Nice game with many surprises and lots of different options to influence the game.Definitely 10/10
,Recommended,319630,20555929,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Aekuems,"Just finished the game and I honestly can't even think of a review to write, first time I've been actually speachless in a while. Great game."
76561198111185586,Recommended,319630,20582434,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,💦 ｔｅａｒｓ,"No form of media or entertainment has brought little tears to my eyes. Hell, not even when my great grandmother died, my eyes werent even puffy. This game did make my eyes puffy, and I will admit, a little tear almost shed.... With all honesty, this is the best game I have ever played. I dont need to say much else, only that I never wanted this game to end. God damn, what do I do with my life now D:"
,Recommended,319630,20656462,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Paz Invictus,Trust issues generator. Mind Fu*k. Feels. Ive been fooled. Will never get over it.Much beautiful story soundtracks gameplay.Choices really matter.Very detailed.Great characters all deep and well developed.Great Voice-acting.Give cinematic feel.
76561198139804357,Recommended,319630,20856399,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,saule1116,Absolutely sensational.Epic soundtrack (AND you can find it on spotify! :) )10/10 would feels-trip again!
,Recommended,319630,21081032,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jer,"I think many people play this game for the wrong reason.If you're looking for challenging gameplay, quick decisions and intense puzzles, this game is not right for you. There are some challenges, some quick decisions and some puzzles, but that is not the focus.If you're looking for a great story and an immersive experience, go all in.I don't play games like this often, my library consists mostly of RPG and action games, so picking this up was a bit of a guess on my part. After playing it though, I have no problem putting it in my top 10 games of all time list.The game is about the people you talk to, the actions you take (no matter how minor), and the feel you have. The soundtrack is absolutely wonderful as well and only helps facilitate the experience.Overall, this is a story. If you can be open enough to allow yourself to have an experience, I thoroughly suggest you do so. I may never replay this game but that really doesn't bother me .. what matters is how you play it the first time.If you enjoy movies like Donnie Darko, this might be right up your alley."
76561198176249278,Recommended,319630,21087534,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BakeNake,"I am a 28 year old male, and am amazed at how thoroughly this game brought me into its story. This plays at times like an engrossing movie, and has an incredible ability to make the experience of Max an 18 year old girl seem genuine and personal for the player. No game has made me feel the way this game did, and I hope that gaming is going in this direction for the future. I am glad its over so I can pull myself back into reality...but damn I wish there was more too.If you want to play a game, and be a part of a story that gives you pause at times, pulls you entirely out of your life, and into someone elses...this is it. Brace yourself."
76561198199155286,Recommended,319630,16619356,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pedo-chan,"This game is too good... So far playing this game got myself too immersed into the game several times, haha."
,Recommended,319630,18578332,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Toppramen,"Really great game and surpassed my expectations. The story, visuals, and voice acting are phenomenal. Just remember that every choice matters."
,Recommended,319630,18582255,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Morty,"It's a best game i've ever played. Ihatelove  DONTNOD Ent. for last choice. But the game is so beautiful. I really like all the charecters: Warren, Chloe, Jefferson, Joyce... Thx Developers for this game. It's NOT ordinary interactive film, it's a fantastic story about Maxine Caulfield.MUST HAVE 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18621130,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,OpNop,"This is the level of story game Telltale wishes they could make. Yes the endings don't really take your choices into play, but your choices do matter in the story thatYOUwill get told. Really the 2 endings pretty much sum up the whole moral of the story, and hardly warrants a down-vote on the game. Do yourself a favor and buy the game.Update 11-24-2016This game really needs to be nominated for- The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award (Where I nominated it)- The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Awardand possibly- The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award (He might just need a hug)- The “Test of Time” Award (due to the art style, thins game will never look outdated)"
,Recommended,319630,18664117,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mindless Bot,"you watered your plant, this action will have consequences10/10 This game is a masterpiece"
76561198001352969,Recommended,319630,18665219,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Clash of Rivia,"MAX TO THE FUTURESo... uhh... I finished Life Is Strange last night. I knew I was going to write a review about this surreal, wonderful game but... I am quite literally speechless (duh, writing on a computer is pretty speechless). I have been taken on such a journey that it's hard to describe it in just a few simple words but... I'll try, because every gamer that takes themselves seriously should play Life Is Strange.So, let's get you up to speed: Life Is Srange is an episodic adventure game similar to Telltale's masterpieces (mfw I found out LIS is actually NOT developed by Telltale). It has simple point-and-click gameplay much like other games in its genre, but what separates LIS from the bunch is its REWIND mechanic. You're in the shoes of Maxine Caulfield, basically a geek who LOVES photography (hate using the word ""basically"" here, because Max is so great and anything but basic), who discovers she can REWIND TIME AND SPACE. Choices still matter, but now you can literally rewind time and check how things would go if you did something differently IN REAL TIME. It's a whole new world of innovative puzzle and interrogation gameplay.But of course, we all know the meat and butter of these games is the next level storytelling. Life Is Strange is... one of the most compelling, touching and, for lack of a better word, BREATHTAKING stories I've had the privilege to experience. It's a game that, if you're invested in it (and you are, trust me), will take you on a truly AMAZING journey. You get to feel that teenage excitement as you and your best friend Chloe go on a quest to find out what secrets the town of Arcadia Bay holds, to feel butterflies in your stomach as you do things you're not supposed to do and to get swept into a rollercoaster of emotions as the fantastic story unfolds before you. There's emotion, there's drama (even some hella disturbing stuff), there's fun and much, much more.Sufficed to say I was hooked on LIS (LIFE IS STRANGE, not a new drug) not even halfway through episode one. I don't know if these types of games work on everybody, but personally I'm always so immersed into the world of these episodic adventure games that I almost can't stop playing. If you're a gamer who can get immersed into a game like this, and don't mind the lack of realistic dogs with 4K graphics and hectic gameplay (you may have just gotten lost from your CoD infested library), then you have no reason to pass up this game. The best I can describe the feeling of playing Life Is Strange is that it felt like I was in two worlds (not talking about the RPG) during the five days I played it. Here IRL and there in Arcadia Bay, a ficitonal world that felt so real. That's how gripping the world of LIS is.I'll remember Life Is Strange for years to come... because this wasn't just a game, it was an experience.εїз"
,Recommended,319630,18728650,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ragonath,"""Chloe, tell me everything.""""Start from the beginning.."""
76561198054966261,Recommended,319630,18730323,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Might-E,"Though not for the ending, it felt rushed and lackluster (even though it broke my heart). It's the ride that made it worthwile, not the destination.10/10 would wipe out Arcadia Bay again."
76561197971217329,Recommended,319630,18730665,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MrHarford,"My favourite game of this year so far, and one of the most emotionally impactful games I've ever played. It hits just as hard as Telltale's The Walking Dead S1."
76561198031159620,Recommended,319630,18733419,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,you ain't much ifyou ain't Dutch,"This is the best game I have EVER played!!! the storyline is amazing, the choice of music is even better.I will stop now because I'm out of words. thank you for making this game!!!"
76561198004653914,Recommended,319630,18734730,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sanf,Why do you even read this review ? play that game !
,Recommended,319630,18866630,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bewitched Kim-Chi,"Ep 1: Oh this is cool, this game is so creative and everything is so pretty!Ep 2: OMG whyyyyyy would you do this game? WHYYEp 3: *yawns* ok this episode is kinda bori- OMG WHAT!Ep 4: WTF WTF WTF WTF DRAMAAAA♥♥♥♥♥♥IS GETTING REALEp 5: AAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!"
76561198048115287,Recommended,319630,19152807,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Swanky Kickstand,"SPOILERS BELOWYou know, I want to start off by saying I never review games. I ususally take time to read them and my purchase is heavily influenced by reviews, but I suppose I just couldn't have been bothered, this game is different. I read some reviews telling how phenomenal the character depth was and how heart wrenching the story was, but I've always found my self emotionally secure so I did not think for a moment this game would ever force me to tears, like I said, this game is different.I honestly have to commend Dontnod for this work of art, because never in my life have I been so drawn in to a game or have I seemingly felt the same emotions the characters were going through. One thing I have always loved about games and books, is when playing or reading one actually makes you stop and think, and you gain a different perspective on things in life. I feel like there are many people who would like (or claim they would) the ability to go back in time and right some wrongs or do things differently, myself included, but after playing this game and the consequences you see for the actions you chose, it makes me honest to god joyful I don't have such a burden weighing down on me. The story in this game is more like an experience than just a plot, in my opinion, this is one of the best games I have played in a long time, Only problems I had, I'd like the Lip-syncing to be little better, and I would've liked it if the smaller, seemingly inconsequential things actually had a bigger impact, i.e. letting your plant live/die, helping Alyssa not get hit by things, saving the bird in Joyce's home, etc. One thing I noticed many people complain about was the final epsiode where (SPOILER) with the final choice, you learn that every decision up to this point was relatively meaningless, there are only two endings, sacrifice chloe and save arcadia bay, or vice versa. I wholeheartedly agree that the final choice seemed very limiting and made the advertisement of ""multiple endings based on choices"" seem rediculous, however, the ending was broadcast from the very beginning. I believe that a bad ending doesnt necessarily ruin an amazing game like this. The hand painted visuals are amazing, and I love how Max comments on every little thing, sitting down and reading the journal really allows you to get in her head. Also, the soundtrack was incredibly suiting and the rich story of (being an introvert myself) such a relatable person made me truly love the game. The last episode was a let down, but I wont let it ruin such an amazing game for me, after all, I played Mass Effect 3 ;)All in all, this game is a must buy, so if you actually took the time to read this, buy it, you WILL NOT regret it, you may cry your heart out though, I am honestly thrilled they are making a second season of this."
76561198120625178,Recommended,319630,19285398,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SolidButtercup,"Well, I can say ""TWO THUMBS UP"" for this gameThis game make me feel how if I am on Max's position,even you have a ""rewinding time power"". Its about life, what will you do, what is the consequenes, how you solve the problem.In this game I not just know about fantasy, but I also learn about the importance of friendship in the real world.""I can still change things"" Max said.Well in this game, as max that said she could change things have the effect on your story.To sum up my review, its worth and its not wasting time to play this game, many things you can learn, not just about the fantasy, but also you can learn many things from here ^^ .If can say the score for this game, I give 9/10 for this game"
,Recommended,319630,19424127,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Castawayfan,"This game emotionally ruined me, 10/10 hella recommended"
,Recommended,319630,20404090,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,darquan0,"Cruel, cruel story authors.Great game. But it's like a great book. You can only _really_ read a book once.It made me almost cry several times. And I'm way too old for such emotions. Like, two times older than main characters.Really wish there were more games like this one... with different 'morals' authors try to shove with all their might at the ""endings"".Revealing anything more than that... major spoilers.So, a little more about the game, not about the story (although _this_ game _is_THE STORY, not action, which is so damn rare nowadays...).Adequate graphics. I mean, who cares about graphics nowadays, when they don't fail?Great music. Perfect.Unparalleled atmosphere. Honestly, I don't remember playing game this immersive for freaking decade.Good characters. More developed than in many good books and films. In ""the characters feel alive"" manner.And the story... oh, the story... it might be not very complex. But it will catch you. It's emotional. And it's believable. Like, good sci-fi believable, when you have one step from hard physics and everything else is pretty strict. No dynosaurs with blasters and vampires repelling alien invasion.I would replay this game over, over and over, if not for... not for... well, saying anything more is spoilers.Again, was it worth it? Absolutely. Play it. At least once. WITHOUT reading any spoilers. Try not to ""make a perfect run"" but BE Maxine. It's the way it was meant to be. Live through those emotions. Immerse in this little, intense story of refusal and desperation.It's just. That. Great.Oh, I can't hold it. One spoiler. Who said that ""good"" ending prevents disaster? Just a theory. ""proven"" by Maxine's blackout-nightmare and peaceful scenery. But... that's only three days. Not five. No actual proof. Just a weird theory by geek-boy. Remember that when you finish the game... after that big NOOOOOO (disregarding your choices, there will be a big, big, NOOOOOO, guaranteed. Cruel, cruel authors. Like your style, hate your general idea) and holding some tears."
76561197968264266,Recommended,319630,18940761,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[CPC] WaT,I ... I don't know what to say. I just finished playing through the last episode.Never have I felt such strong emotions while playing a computer game. That's novel-like stuff. Amazing.Buy it. Buy it now.
,Recommended,319630,19493280,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DTC.Permagate,"What attracts me to this game is the story, especially since someone compared it with Steins;Gate, which is one of the best VN I have ever read. And wow, it really delivers.The game starts slow in Episode 1, a  high-school drama sprinkled with sci-fi a bit. If you got a bit bored in episode 1, don't stop. The really good stuff starts to show in episode 2, while the last episode is probably one of the best story segment I have ever read.While this game certainly has some mind-blowing moments, I feel like the strongest point of the story is its emotions. You'll feel attached with the characters and care about them (and not only the main chars). And yes, I admit that I was bawling in the last episode.In the end though, I think the ending is the best way to resolve the story. The goal of this game imo is not to save everyone and get the guy/girl, but to make Maxine Caulfield grows up and learns how to let go. In that sense, this is a masterpiece in bildungsroman genre.Beside the story, I feel like this game uses its rewind feature really well. At first, I try to use it to rewind conversations to learn all the info that I can get. But then, it sees more and more creative usage until I use it so much that I genuinely worry if I have ♥♥♥♥ed up time (yes, I like to immerse myself). I think the mechanic still has more potential to explore, I hope there will be similar game that picks up this rewind feature. The music is great too.Anyway, since I'm usually a story-oriented gamer, this game is without a doubt the best in 2015 in my book. It's even the best VN in 2015 by far (imo, though it's not a good VN year). If you are looking to play a game that will affect you emotionally, look no more."
,Recommended,319630,19557417,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Master0010,This is a game that shows how much this industry is growing up and maturing.
,Recommended,319630,19899666,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Singularity,10/10 would rewind and cry again.
76561198080307188,Recommended,319630,19987408,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jukeboy Cho,"The other reviews dont lie when they wish they could rewind and play for the first time. This game is a mastapeece. Lots of quoteable moments. If you dont play this game, you have a terrible taste in games and should probably sell your PC and go slit your wrists.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,20131396,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tudhalyas,"I can't write a review for this game because I can't feel it like ""just a game"", not after finishing it. It's more like an experience, an experience that you should live at least once in your life if you have at least a grain of goodness in you. It will rock you hard like a tornado with all the feelings it will throw at you, but it will teach you two very important lessons: 1) you can't save everyone; 2) you have to live with your own choices and whatever consequences those choices might entail, no matter if those consequences could have been foreseen or not.Now... push that green button and grab this.10 / 10"
,Recommended,319630,20273641,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,liboo,"Really good game for it genre. Top of the tops in my opinion.You start the game playing as a casual girl that all of a sudden has time travelling powers. You think the game will stick to it and move on, but no. It enrolls stories inside stories while keeping you in and then you realise u're addicted to it (in a good and healthy way). This game has everything, from drama, love, mistery, deaths.... everything you would ever want.As someone said on his review about this game, I also wish I could rewind and play this game again!"
,Recommended,319630,20315278,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Daydream,It was hella good.
,Recommended,319630,20316265,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Orlanis (TARS),"The very first video game to make me feel deeply. Haven't felt these feeling since seeing Interstellar.Dialogue can be quite bad sometimes and there is a total lack of lip-synch, but I didn't care. Music, visual style, and overall story-telling go incredibly well together.One game that tells me 2015 was a great year for video games."
,Recommended,319630,20342518,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bluffamuchuck,"Well I finished Life is strange. Its really good. Its a really powerful story that engages you in a way no other medium can. I would highly recommend it to anybody. It takes the idea that if a butterfly flaps its wing it could lead to a giant tornado a few months later and uses it to portray many aspects of raw human emotion through the eyes of an ""average"" teenage girl.In the description of the game it is said to ""revolutionise story based choice and consequence games."". I would not say it revolutionized the genre but rather interpreted it differently. There is a very narrow field of choice of words. In telltale games (Walking Dead, Tales from the Borderlands) there are usually multiple tones of speech (sarcasm, polite, rude, brash, etc) that are all equivalent in how they effect the story. This lets you choose the way your character acts to others which I think is engaging because you can majorly effect the characterization of the main playable character. That being said it may make sense to narrow characterization with Life is Strage because it focuses your choices elsewhere. To me it seems like there are close to 0 choices you make that effect the game's plot deeply. Every player will see all the same scenes with varying character interations. There are small little actions and puzzles that you can perform, or dialouge choices that you make that will change how the characters treat you in conversation but that is as far as it goes. I am not saying this is bad; in fact this makes you focus more on the emotions of characters and the way they think rather than focusing on advancing the plot. This is where the choice system shines because it sucessfully makes you feel like you are talking to real emotional people which is very emmersive. That is why I dont hate on the choice system. Its not bad, just different: which is excusable due to the fact that I belive it functions positivly for such an emotional game.I like the art style and writing. The art is very unique and quite beautiful at points but looks unnatural and weird at some points. The writing is very High school but is betrayed by the lackluster performance on some of the actors parts. That is not to say it isn't good acting, just not FANTASTIC. The characters are written so belivably and with a lot of intention, but the greatness of the writing didn't stop with characters. The plot is very detailed (albeit there may be sone time travel logic errors) and you can tell there was a lot of thought put into every moment of the game. The use of symbolism in refernece to the butterfly effect is one of the cherries on the top that the excellent writing team put in.The gameplay is supprisingly varied. I expected to be able to sit back and make some decissions and quickly hit buttons for quick time events like what I was used to with many of these types of games, but I was genuinly supprised to see a wide variety of puzzles integrated into each scene. rather than a quick time event you would get a time travel puzzle. There are also sections where you get a special little mini-game-puzzles to switch things up and advance the plot in an engaging was that didn't require spamming keys.9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,20389036,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Folkye,"Well, i'm not fan of adventure games actually. Unfortunatly games like a dota 2, tf2 and cs:go killed this desire. But I finished this game and to be honest it was stunningly. I'd like to wish good luck DONTNOD Entertainment in the future games because seems they know how to make a high quality game. 9.8/10 (Why it's not 10/10?:D Probably there's some textures which was did in a hurry most likely but anyway it doesn't matter)"
76561198055017547,Recommended,319630,20406762,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Kasiornis,Sit. Just sit. At any place. At any time. In any reality or nightmare.And embrace the pain.
,Recommended,319630,20478050,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DlanorKnox,"This game works and it is amazing but you have to realize that the ending is truly just horrible and you're just going to have to ignore this because honestly the ending is annoying and obnoxious leaving you with kind of 'really?' feeling. The game itself is AMAZING, but... just when you get to the whole final choice thing, just don't do anything, close the game and just... be done. That way you'll have the best experience with this game!"
,Recommended,319630,20563551,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ε❤з  amy  ❀🌺,This is the most interesting game I've ever seen.
,Recommended,319630,21108090,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[KAYZR] yannickverc,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,319630,21164228,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Rageoverrun,"Let me start by saying that I tend to gravitate towards First Person Shooters and MMORPGs.  I saw the trailer for Life is Strange, was intrigued and decided it give it a shot.  After completing it, I will say that I'm floored.  From the unique art style, to the phenomenal soundtrack, to the unparalleled storytelling, this turned out to be one of the most gut wrenching yet rewarding gaming experiences of my life.  You are doing yourself a monumental disservice if you don't let yourself experience this emotional tour de force.  Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,18654519,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,:wq,"Life Is Strange is one of those choice-driven games, where your choices affect the story. The gimmick here is that you can rewind time, which allows for some interesting puzzles. The puzzles are generally easy and sometimes simply tedious, which is fine because what really makes Life Is Strange shine is the story.Your choices don't impact the story drastically, though I guess they give the story a sense of character during your playthrough. I also found the dialogue to be kind of cringey at times. The story isn't particularly rich or nuanced, but is pretty enjoyable nonetheless.There's a particular sequence in Episode 5 that is creepy as ♥♥♥♥. It's not blatantly creepy like PT or Amnesia, it's more like that haunted hotel level in Vampire: the Masquerade. The setting, atmosphere and sound design of that sequence is incredible."
,Recommended,319630,18989213,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,redsoul41,"Review - Life Is Strange""Every episode is so intense that you just can't stop asking for more of it.""Life Is Strange is a five part episodic game that may have changed how story based choices in games should really be. You play the role as Max Caulfield, a photography student in Blackwell Academy. After Max discovers that she could rewind time after saving a girl from being shot in the girl's bathroom, she tries to unravel and understand the mystery of her unique ""gift"". Her choices now shape the past,  the present and the future.The world of Life Is Strange is incredibly beautiful. Though its not that much of an open-world, the space that you can wander is already big enough to tease the player of exploring every corner of this gorgeous world. The graphics are also nice. The characters are well developed as you find yourself wondering at some times what happened to that certain character. Interaction with the characters is fun and exciting as it let's you get to know the characters themselves as you progress through the story The cutscenes are also well executed. From the great voice-acting to its emotion-packed soundtracks, the game gives-off a TV series feel that not all story-driven games can do.Life Is Strange's gameplay is quite different from that of Telltale Games. Unlike Telltale Games, Life Is Strange exposes the player into its own world, giving the player the chance to wander around. Your decisions not only affect the rest of the story but also how the other characters treat you, trust you and believe you. But even after choosing a decision, you can always rewind back time if you didn't like your current decision or if you want to weigh the reactions of the decision you chose. Another thing that makes decisions tough in Life Is Strange is that a Max monologue always plays after you make your decision and those monologues always sways the player to think again.Pros:+ Great Soundtrack+ Great Voice-acting+ Nice Graphics+ Well-written Story+ Choices MatterCons:-My Personal Rating:Gameplay: 9/10Story/Plot: 10/10Music: 10/10Graphics:  9/10Overall Rating: 9.5/10I recommend this game to players who love story-driven games. The game is really worth the money and time. This is a MUST buy. Can't wait for a possible season 2! :D .."
76561197969417125,Recommended,319630,19225431,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Life Is Strange is a story driven point and click adventure set in a small town in America. The player takes control of Max, an eighteen year old college student who has a passion for photography. When Max unexpectedly becomes involved in a dangerous situation, she discovers she has the ability to rewind short periods of time. Could this power somehow be linked to a vision she's had of a forthcoming disaster that threatens the town? Meanwhile, a student has gone missing under suspicious circumstances - can Max use her power to catch the person responsible before they strike again?I've had my eye on this game since it was announced because I really enjoyed the developer's previous game, Remember Me. Although its gameplay was flawed, Dontnod showed they have a talent for storytelling, so I imagined this genre would be a good fit, and that has certainly proved to be the case. The obvious comparison is with the various games that Telltale have released recently, and Life Is Strange is definitely on the same quality level.The story is excellent, with lots of interesting characters, well written dialogue and fantastic voice acting which results in some very powerful, emotional scenes. The real world setting allows Dontnod to tackle themes such as bullying, illness, drug use, death, and the dangers of social media, in a way that is rarely seen in a videogame ... and even better than some TV shows or films.Gameplay is split between conversations with NPCs where you make dialogue choices, and sections where you're free to wander around a small area and interact with the environment, either to solve puzzles or learn more about the characters and the world. Max's time rewind ability can have an impact on both areas of gameplay. For example you might say something that annoys an NPC causing them to refuse to help you, or you might accidentally break an important object, but you can use Max's ability to erase the mistake and try again.There are also several occasions where you'll have an important choice to make that will significantly influence the story. You can use Max's ability to test each option before making a final choice, but its not always obvious what the best course of action is, and even the small choices can have unexpected consequences.The music sets the mood perfectly, and I really like the bright, colourful art style. I didn't encounter any problems with framerate, bugs or crashes and at just under 15 hours the full purchase price is excellent value for money.Life Is Strange is easily one of my favourite games of 2015 and I rate it as an essential MUST play."
,Recommended,319630,19887571,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arch-Nemeziz #GRS,"Emotion simulator 900010/10 would play againIf you like to play emotionally immersive games as if you actually were the main character then this will be a really tearjerking story. You have to make a lot of seemingly logical decisions, but if you grow attatched to characters in the game it can become very conflicting.It's not always easy to choose who lives and who dies, over and over."
76561198009232810,Recommended,319630,22686092,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Timeout,"Telltale could learn a thing or two here.This game in short, badass. This world feels real, vivid and alive.This game doesnt know the word Linear.Badass storyline, badass characters. Reminds me alot of my life at private school.(Yes I did have time altering superpowers) ^_^PS - Warren bashing Nathan like a classic night on King St was totally amaze-balls!"
76561198103070893,Recommended,319630,22748863,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Allison.IU,The best story-telling game I have ever played in my Life. No kidding. Hella good.
,Recommended,319630,22786265,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,magical goth girl,"Words can't describe how utterly beautiful and perfect this game is, you have to play it to understand."
,Recommended,319630,22871784,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jpain,What a ride.  Bravo!
,Recommended,319630,22872013,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Total Liability,"Put your preconceptions to one side, and allow yourself to be immersed in this tremendous feat of story telling.I'm not easily impressed when it comes to games, but Life Is Strange blew me away.I'm not going to give anything away, and I'm not going to give this game a lengthy review but this 'game' needs to be experienced.Also, headphones should be a requirement - the audio direction, from sound effects to music, is masterful."
76561197997035960,Recommended,319630,22876201,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,WeAthFolD,"Chapter 1-3 make this a good game, 4-5 make this a great one.MInd blown 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,22877251,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,2-D,"Sensational, more of a story then an actual game but the plot, setting and characters are all blended in a way to create such an incredible experience 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,22878218,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,..,♥♥♥♥-Up-your-feelings-simulator 3000
76561198087096989,Recommended,319630,22881640,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,truse mæ krabbelukt,damn i got hit by a feeltrain during this story. one of the best titels i have ever played out there.My rating: 999999999/10
76561198274736707,Recommended,319630,22900266,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SimetraDragonQueen19,"Life Is Strange is the most beautifully and dreamily artistically designed story-based game I have ever played in my life, and parallel universe me thinks so too!Life Is Strange is emotion provoking and made me laugh, cry and had my heart pounding throughout all five episodes.The characterisation and relationship developments between Max and the town members of Arcadia Bay feel so real and made the final choice genuinely agonising.Never again will I let anyone tell me that gaming is a waste of time. Life Is Strange is a deeply scientific, poetic and theorietical game that will make you come away feeling more knowledgeable than when you started playing. Since playing Life Is Strange I have learned about and researched into: Chaos Theory, The Lorenz Attractor/ Butterfly Effect, Multiverse Theory, Black Hole Theory, Cause and Effect and much much more; making Life Is Strange a game that stays with you even when you aren't playing the game.The storytelling and plot is imperfect due to the game development being rushed, but I personally prefer it this way; because the thing I love most about Life Is Strange are the exciting, interesting and eye-opening fan theories and online discussions. The game is full of ambiguity and makes you think in creative ways about unanswered questions existing within the game.Life Is Strange also features a beautifully well chosen and atmospheric soundtrack that I immediately downloaded onto my IPod in order to continue the atmospheric mood throughout the rest of my day.Life Is Strange is a gaming experience that will stay with me for the rest of my life for all the above reasons and the underlying dark themes and unexpected plot- twists that will play on your mind long after you finish playingI would recommend Life Is Strange to absolutely anyone, and it makes me especially happy that I have found ambiguious representation of my sexuality within such an amazing game. :)"
,Recommended,319630,22946789,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,vegan friendly,What an amazing game. Wow.
,Recommended,319630,22961864,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,«´¨`•°.SHODAN.°•´¨`»,"Dontnod Entertainment's sophomore effortLife is Strangeis a soft-hearted and life-affirming coming-of-age tale whose supernatural elements are only peripheral to the core experience of the game. The nuanced and compelling portrayal of the two main characters Max and Chloe is really where this game shines the most, and somehow both of them managed to resonate really well with me on a personal level, despite being seemingly polar opposites of each other.On one hand, we have Max Caulfield, a compassionate, introspective, and slightly geeky 18-year-old senior high schooler. On the other hand, we have Chloe Price, a rebellious punk girl dealing with familial issues, the sudden disappearance of her best friend Rachel Amber and the danger of declining into a world of crime. The story picks up when Max returns to her hometown Arcadia Bay to study photography at the prestigious Blackwell Academy, where she comes across Chloe, her estranged best friend from childhood days. Their friendship is revitalized when they find themselves entrapped in a dark mystery that threatens to destroy all of Arcadia Bay, and it is up to Max with her newfound time-rewinding powers to stop it all.While that does sound like quite a lot of teenage drama and apocalyptic time-travel madness, a lot of the themes (such as growth, self-discovery, reconnection, and letting go) are universally relatable and down to earth. Furthermore, the overall tone of the game is oftentimes actually quite warm and relaxed. This game definitely embraces a slower pace and almost never rushes the player with an in-game objective, instead offering numerous places to just sit down, reflect on things and absorb the atmosphere. The brilliant soundtrack definitely plays a major part in this game’s atmosphere and features original music written by Jonathan Morali, frontman of the French indie folk band Syd Matters, as well as several carefully curated songs, many of which by now have become trademarks of the game.Apart from great characters and a generally warm and nostalgic atmosphere, this game also offers quite remarkable production values. The detailed framing, editing, camera angles, depth of field effects and lighting effects are all executed with great care and contribute to some beautiful and cinematic shots. The environments are immersive and well-designed, with indoor levels being particularly rich in detail and offering a lot of additional characterization. The gameplay mechanics are restricted to a bare minimum; besides walking and interacting with characters and objects the primary mechanic is the ability to rewind time, enabling the player to overcome certain obstacles and reconsider the majority of choices they have to make. Nevertheless, some of these decisions are still incredibly tough and the time-rewinding mechanic only reveals their immediate effects, not long-term consequences.The only technical issues I have with this game are the poor lip-syncing and the stale and dated facial animations, which at times come dangerously close to the uncanny valley. Although the voice acting is actually pretty good for video game standards (with Ashly Burch’s performance as Chloe being the most worthy of note), there is still a lot of room for improvement. The acting sometimes fails to fully convince during dramatic scenes, which unfortunately lessens their emotional impact a bit. Some of the bigger issues of this game are the somewhat underwhelming plot, the uninspired puzzles, and the eyebrow-raising dialogue, which often feels too unnatural and is riddled with awkward slang used in inappropriate situations. I know, realistic diction is unrealistic, but still, is this gamecereal?O how that line made me cringe the first time I heard it... However, in hindsight, I can’t be too mad about the dialogue. In a way, it has evolved into a almost lovable flaw of the game, simply because the characters grew on me so much that the way they talk is now anchored to my mental image of them. Hella strange, isn’t it?Verdict:It is safe to say that playingLife is Strangehas been one of the more unique and bittersweet experiences I have had in this medium. The character driven drama at the center of it is more than enough to make up for a couple of technical and narrative shortcomings. All in all, I think that this game is excellent further proof that interactive storytelling harbors an incredible potential that one day may even rival television and cinema.Ratings:Story: 7Characters: 9Gameplay: 7Execution: 8Enjoyment: 8"
,Recommended,319630,22976483,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Madsie,"Beautiful game, great soundtrack and a moving story."
,Recommended,319630,23010629,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DeebzGotIt,"This game is more than recommendable. It puts you into a state of immersion where you can feel exactly in the place of not only the main character, but also of other characters. The art style is beautiful and feels like you are walking through a gala. The music feels so perfect in all of the moments that they are played. There is a very rare chance that you will dislike this game. I personally give it a rating of 9/10 because there is a some good moments but there is not enough player choice. Heart-aching game that really leaves you content with completion but begging for a sequel."
76561198210222515,Recommended,319630,23018103,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,pee NUT,"It's an immersive, episodic-choices matter, story-rich game that has a breath-taking atmosphere which takes you on a journey through the narrative view of Maxine Caulfield. You reunite with your best friend Chloe and go on adventures as you learn about your new powers to rewind time. Eventually, you are faced with many challenges as you progress through the game. Each choice you make will affect the game and those around you.Review:It has many of its moments where you may face dilemma (and some sad moments where you burst out crying like a little girl) but that is just what makes this game amazing. In my opinion, this may have yet been one of the most stunning games I have ever played. You get immersed in the game and establish a connection with the characters, Max and Chloe, and learn about their story. Don't forget the artwork and soundtrack. Art may not be loved by some, but I for one think it's outstanding. It gives off its own sense of unique-ness(?). And don't get me started on the soundtrack. I, personally, like the atmospheric music and the songs that they play throughout the whole game. Especially, Obstacles by Syd Matters. The ending,you guys know which endingliterally made me cry because it was... well, sad for one, but also it also makes you understand the emotions of the characters question if we were able to do that ourselves. REAL SPOILER-ISH:All the memories they had with each other is all erased but only remembered by Max.No, I am not an expert at reviewing or analysing games for that matter, but it still shouldn't stop you from playing this game. Overall, I give this game a 10/10."
76561198165339259,Recommended,319630,23060701,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Byte,"This is for sure the most intensive and emotional game i've ever played and will remain in my head and my heart for a lot of time. Everything of Life is Strange was thought to make you love this world: landscapes, buildings, musics, objects, details but especially characters; i enjoyed every single phrase, every single word, every single choice.  And you can also feel the passion and care developers put creating it, this is my new favourite game..."
,Recommended,319630,23079824,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,peter boii,best story ever gives me the chills
,Recommended,319630,23090315,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,normalsauce,This was the most immersive gameplay experience for me. So perfect.
,Recommended,319630,23336723,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Blood,I highly recommend everyone to at least try this game even if it isn\'t your usual cup of tea.So many choices. So many feelings. So beautiful.
,Recommended,319630,23363885,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Serbo,"Ready for the second season shaka brahIt's not everyday a game hits me as hard as this game did. I got this game thinking it'd be pretty good nothing to stella, oh boy,  I was so wrong I adore this game so much, best  story driven game I've played in the last 2-3years.Everything here is done so well down to:The Characters 10/10The Dialouges 10/10The Atmosphere 10/10The Soundtrack 10/10The Graphics style 10/10All that with and amazing story with fantastic writting you have got yourself a masterpeice. There is little to nothing I can fault with this game I love it that much.tldr;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4glXwP1nKo"
,Recommended,319630,20750426,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,One From Vault 13,"""There's always a lighthouse""Elizabeth, Bioshock InfiniteLife Is Strange is a proof that videogames can be art. Beautifully crafted story, likeable characters, almost hand-drawn visuals and amazing soundtrack capture you with the first sounds of main theme and never really let go until the end. This game made me smile, made me feel sorry for some of decisions and, damn, it almost made me cry. Without any doubt I can name it my best purchase in Steam. Through 17 hours of Life Is Strange I got more satisfaction than through some of the 100+ titles. Even though it has some little flaws like animation glitches I had in some scenes or certain ""decision"" problems I am totally sure that Life Is Strange is a MUST PLAY."
,Recommended,319630,20890873,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Diishonòr,"Life Is StrangeBasicly this game is beautiful and well made, everything is good.The choises you chose changes a lot in the story so think before you do something.There were some dramatic moments and some good moments, also i like the characters (AI)Story is good i liked it but didn't enjoyed the ending.Overall this is a short review i do recommend this game but still try it yourself."
76561198246740520,Recommended,319630,25707556,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,germin97,"Life is Strange is a beautiful game with a very good story.At first it starts off in a cliché way: Just a normal college with teen drama and stuff. After a little while, Max, the main character, puts in her ear pieces, and great music follows. This is the moment I fell in love with the game. The awesome music is always there, sometimes in the background, barely noticeable, sometimes it's all you hear, so you could sing along if you'd like to.Then the story gets quite hectic. The story gets really interesting when the mystery is thrown right in your face. The game grips you, and it won't let you go until 1 hour after finishing episode 5 (more about this later). The game alternates between mystery and teen drama, giving you a little break before going on with the gripping mystery. And suddenly the drama has an influence on the mystery.The characters are really great. Some are quite cliché, like Victoria, the popular girl who is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to everyone, or like Max, the regular girl. Other characters can be quite surprising, and some develop in an interesting way. The whole story is concentrating around the friendship between Max and Chloe, who haven't seen each other in ages. Their dialogue is quite amusing, and you will grow fond of them, just like you will be smitten with the rest of the cast.The choices appear to be story-changing in the beginning, but different choices don't mean different endings. This disappointed me. They do give replay value, since they change relations and events, and it's fun to discover all the hidden events. But in the end, everything is basically dependent on one choice between 2 alternatives. The best thing about the choices is that you do not have a time limit to make the choice, you can think on it for hours.The last episode is really epic, and keeps you wondering where the story will end. It keeps changing between victory and ultimate defeat, and in the end you have to make an ultimate choice, which will leave you weeping in a corner for over an hour after finishing, whispering ""Why?"" every now and then.If you want game with a good story, then look no further. The style is beautiful, the music is awesome, the characters are amazing, the choices are hard, achievements are fun to collect, the first episode is even free now and the story is life-changing. You can't just not get it!"
,Recommended,319630,27272698,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strobel09,"Life is Strange...Well, I guess we all knew that by now. Just think back when you were in school all the different characters around you and most of them unknown. What is their background? What are their true feelings?Life is Strange will bring you back to this era of your life. You will be introduced to new people and learn about them. To some you will most likely develop a certain bond even if they're just virtual characters in a game.The story is amazing and it'll surprise you every now and then.So if you don't already own the game play Episode 1 because it's for free."
,Recommended,319630,20395636,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Kasuya,"Attempting to write a suitable review of this game has illustrated to me the inadequacy of language in capturing emotional experience. Somehow any attempt to motivate my recommendation of it seems doomed to failure, and yet I feel compelled to write this for whatever reason. Never before have I written something like this and I do not see any reason to suppose that I will again, but this once I must. This is unfamiliar as even The Last of Us, the only game I can truly compare this to on the basis of emotional investment, I have been sufficiently distanced from to describe my experiences of.Thank you, DONTNOD, for an experience the word ""beautiful"" only barely begins to approximate."
76561198121019168,Recommended,319630,20386234,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Amberdust,"If you love video games, then you have to play 'Life is Strange' the first chance you get. This is how you turn a game into a work of art. Art is not ""perfect"", because it does not pretend to be. Art is something that overcomes you through an aesthetic experience, something that blows you away. And, trust me, 'Life is Strange' will blow you away."
76561198046968393,Recommended,319630,34324591,Posted: 18 August,all,Deal with it,"It feels so real, yet so surreal at the same time. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,34331167,Posted: 18 August,all,Syfe,"I initially wrote off Life is Strange as a game I had no interest in playing. Why on earth would a game about teenage girl drama interest me; a 25 year old guy? Then it just so happened that I started watching a playthrough of the game on YouTube and discovered that there was much more to Life is Strange than the vaneer of teen angst had led me to believe. Needless to say, I had to play it for myself.Whilst the game still has a light drizzle of cringe on top (the dialogue can be wonky in places), it doesn't at all detract from what's underneath. Life is Strange is the premier iteration of the ""Telltale Adventure Game,"" DONTNOD having stolen that crown right out from under the titular studio.While Telltale games are more than happy to tell you that; ""Your choices WILL have consequences!"" before inevitably ending the same way no matter what you choose, Life is Strange actually makes good on this promise, with events drastically changing depending on what you've done leading up to them. Of course, the ending is still going to go in one of two distinct directions, but I didn't feel at all cheated when the end finally came.The real star here is the time travel mechanic, which you'll use to either solve puzzles in creative ways, or alter the flow of conversations with an array of memorable characters. It elevates that game from what would be a dime-a-dozen Telltale-like game, to one I'd recommend above all others.If you like Telltale games, or are looking for games with engaging stories, then you owe it to yourself to give Life is Strange a whirl. If neither of these apply to you, then you can safely give this game a pass.Oh, and the music is great too!"
,Recommended,319630,25860410,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,.:Raicera:.,Story-10Gamplay-10level of detail-10Id like to say this was one of the best games ive played in awhile and i dont leave reviews for hardly any games lol
76561198025484779,Recommended,319630,16360175,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,General Fuccboi,Absolutely amazing game with interesting plot and great music.
,Recommended,319630,18675771,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,REDANNY,"No words can discribe how awesome this game is, if  u want a truly AMAZING game that you will remember forever this is the one your'e looking for!!"
76561198051303833,Recommended,319630,18717704,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SaR Thorin,"This interactive story is all about choices, and each choice has its consequences.  The butterfly effect is a very obvious trope in this game, and I think it worked for it.  I loved the characters, I loved the story, and I loved the world of Arcadia Bay.  I hope I get to go there again sometime, and I hope you choose to take this journey.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,319630,20208406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Caela,"A truly beautiful game, deserving of every praise, every award it has received. There are plot twists around every corner, bad endings in every conversation, and so, so much to explore. The graphics are phenomenal and the soundtrack too. This game really has a strong atmosphere during the entire experience, and you feel like you're in the game itself, living every moment.Every single little choice you make shapes the story in some way, and that is another thing that makes this game so hard hitting. When something goes bad, there's that overwhelming feeling that you did this, but also that you can fix this, if only you would start over, and that gives this game its replayability; ""What would've happened if I had done this instead? Would things have gone better?""An amazing game.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,20307662,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Slow Hollows,Life Is Strange™: Prepare To Cry Edition
,Recommended,319630,20425386,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Alphonse,期待season2
,Recommended,319630,20499372,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kalora,"Buying this game was a huge mistake and I may just fail my math test because I decided to play this game instead of study.  I started playing this late last night and I finished it tonight because I wasn't able to stop playing it.When I first started up the game, I didn't really like the way the graphics looked.  There was just something I didn't like about Max's hair and I never really felt like I liked it the entire time I was playing.  Kate's hair had the same effect on me.  Hardly anything that distracted me from the game though.  The more I started playing, the more I realized I liked the voice acting, the animations, the graphics, and the beautiful scenes and lighting the game has to offer.The characters were interesting enough to the point where I would actually choose to speak with them even though I didn't have to.  I didn't connect with a lot of the ""Side"" characters, but I cared about a good portion of more ""regular"" ones.The most exciting thing about this game was the surprise you uncover in the first chapter.  I'm glad I bought all 5 when they were on sale instead of buying the first one to ""Test the waters"" because I kept wanting to play more and more, episode after episode.  I loved how all the characters remembered the choices you made in each of the previous episodes.  I really felt like my decisions mattered, especially at the end.I would recommend anyone to play this game.  It reminded me a little bit of the anime ""Nana"", mixed with the movie ""The Butterly Effect"", and a bit of ""Heavy Rain""-ish gameplay, save for getting stun locked into button combos attempting to tie a dude's tie for 5mins.  It's a good game, I cried once, but I know some people who would probably cry a lot more."
,Recommended,319630,20977963,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nameless Pete,"Starts out as a fairly standard  decision-based, Telltale-style adventure game with a cool time travel gimmick thrown in.  Then it shifts from a missing-person mystery to character piece.  All along the way it morphs into the most intense emotional rollercoaster I've ever experienced in a video game.Life is Strange will stay with you after you walk away.  It lingers.  This is actually my second review, because I love it more two weeks out than I did immediately after beating it.More people need to play this game.  Then I'd be able to discuss it with them, maybe get some catharsis and hopefully stop ♥♥♥♥ing crying when I listen to the soundtrack."
,Recommended,319630,21162087,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,skat,"How to get the happy ending in 2 simple steps:1. Cry2. Realize you can't9.9/10 great plot, setting, atmosphere, soundtrack, character development, mechanics, etc. My only complaint is that it seems pretty out of place playing without a controller. It would be much better if it was possible to bind keys to choices (eg having left arrow be left choice, up be up choice, you get the drift)."
76561198037479605,Recommended,319630,21198092,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Boomtwack,"Telltale better step it up. This game is great, 10/10, 100/100, best game! Best game!"
,Recommended,319630,22683911,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kevinwars,AMAZING!At least 10 times I had to pause completely my choices because I couldn't decide what to do.All choices are important in this game and life.I was playing this with my gf and on the last chapter she cried like 5 times in row...It's just a beautiful game!!
76561198020398354,Recommended,319630,23861591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Picanha Grelhada,Nice game and nice music.Yes
76561198148440951,Recommended,319630,21108704,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Anton,Life is Feels™
,Recommended,319630,21330415,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,tomczk,"Ever wondered what it would be like to be in the movie The Butterfly Effect?Now you have the chance to experience that by playing as introverted high school girl Max Caulfield in this unique game.Life is Strange is a very emotional story-rich game with artistic visuals, great, fitting soundtrack, difficult choices, simple logical puzzles and interesting world to explore.I highly recommend this game, but you can get Episode 1 for cheap (especially during sales) and see what this game is all about for yourself."
,Recommended,319630,21452776,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,OPY,"I want to throw a stone up in the air, so that it hits my head, and i forget everything about the game to play it again."
,Recommended,319630,21520738,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TrashCat™,Kind of short game but really awesome!
76561198091317618,Recommended,319630,21863935,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,歩く悪魔,"Honestly, one of the best games i have ever played, though its depressing as ♥♥♥♥ but still a good gamei rate 10/10 to go through time again."
76561198082835892,Recommended,319630,21870093,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gogos_1987,"Life is Strange, as weird as it may sound, it seemed to me more like an advanced form of Remember Me, than a game which can be compared directly with The Walking Dead. DONTNOD kept and evolved from game everything it was worth, namely Memory Remixes (or else Butterfly Effect) and threw away features that didn't provide with something substantive the experience, namely Beat 'em up parts and linear narrative.Did the result justify their choices? The answer is definitely yes! Life is Strange is one of the games which gives you a lot of ""food for thought"" for days after its ending. There are not ""good"" or ""bad"" decisions here, but only causes and effects like in our real (strange) life!"
,Recommended,319630,21895238,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zatchaaay™,This is less a game than it is a work of art.
,Recommended,319630,22013580,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ayumi,muito bom achei 10 d+
,Recommended,319630,22057319,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MissCin101,"The beauty of this game is that it drills it into your head that your choices matter but they really don't. Only one does, killing Chloe or not. In either ending, you either go back so no one knows what you did in your run of the game or everyone dies so what you did in the game didn't matter. I don't know. I just really like that about the game.And hey it has a spoiler warning on it. Don't ♥♥♥♥♥ at me if you read it."
,Recommended,319630,22121585,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,RegularShowMemorabilia,"If you don't buy this game, there's something wrong with you.Clearly one of the best games of 2015, no question. One of my favourite games ever.This is how games should be done. I hope we'll get more from DontNod... *crying in a ball*"
76561198039895549,Recommended,319630,22242283,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mesmerized,Mind=Blown.
76561198091065954,Recommended,319630,22351192,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,danizinha_cris12,"this game was absolutely worth every second i spent playing it. it made laugh and cry and go ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and it changed the way i view a lot of things in life. it gets you to question your decisions and morals at every turn, and to question yourself and the kind of person you are. above all, it's about the journey and the characters and how you connect with them."
,Recommended,319630,22355657,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,kaminobatto,"A friend recommended Life is Strange, it turned out to be amazing and one of the best games I played in a long time.You take control of Maxine (Max) a young aspiring photographer who gets a scholarship at Blackwell Academy, a reputable academy located in Arcadia Bay seaside town in Oregon which has a mixture of students from different financial and psychological backgrounds. You sense early on that despite having a couple of good friends, Max is somewhat lonely in Blackwell.The storyline is very elaborate, it's about the choices Max makes in life and their consequences. She develops the ability to manipulate time and starts trying to go back in time to ""fix"" things only to realize that the more she changes the worse the consequences.After using her powers the first time, Max enters a journey of multiple possible alternative realities depending on the choices she makes (butterfly effect) and the way she manipulates time. The beauty of the choices Max is confronted with lies in the fact that they look very realistic and allow you to explore the journey from different prespectives with some really tough calls to make along the way.The game does not fall short on ""Aha"",""Wow"" and ""ooohh"" moments, the plot gets more and more complicated as Max uses her powers and discovers new things, including the fact that life is indeed strange in Arcadia Bay and is not as straight forward as it looks.The game has a very melancholic atmosphere and probably one of the best musical scores I've heard in a video game, which elaborates the gloomy and melancholic atmosphere of the game.Even the name of the game has a melancholic tone to it if you put it in context of events, ""Life is Strange"".The graphics are unique since everything you see on screen was hand painted. The storyline is very good and hooks you up immediately, some complained that the language used in most of the dialogues is overstated ""teen"" lingo that no one actually uses, that is by no means a deal breaker neither extremely noticeable once you dive into the story.Life is Strange is a psychological game in nature and it actually allows you to explore your own psychology as you guide Max into making her decisions, it's very interesting to step back after you finish each chapter to think about how your choices evolved the storyline and think about how you sometimes rush into making decisions based on gut feelings, perceptions and paradigms without actually analysing enough. The game does well in placing doubt in your heart about almost every decision you make as Max always reflects with a golden ""what if"" question.I cannot recommend this game enough, it really hooked me up to the extent that I binged on it until I finished it. I believe the episodic nature of the game serves the atmosphere and I wouldn't imagine any better form of presentation.A definite must have for any gamer who likes to try something other than shooting and blowing everything up!PS: I already finished the game on PS4 and now I'm having a rerun on Steam!"
76561198057105062,Recommended,319630,22360899,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Inspire The Liars,"This game is a treasure. I've played too many games to count in my life, and I know that this will be one of the few that will stick with me for a very long time. I loved every moment spent in Arcadia Bay. It's been two weeks since I finished my first playthrough, and every day since I've found myself thinking back on the characters, the events, and the world of this game. I honestly can't tell you enough how much I care for this game. Easily my favorite to date. My only regret is not experiencing this masterpiece sooner."
76561198002791232,Recommended,319630,22380954,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Plat4rmr,If you like story then look no further.  An amazing tale that leaves you wanting more.
,Recommended,319630,22478576,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,w1ll,"A very well game, I'm not sure HOW MUCH your decisions change the outcome of the game but all i can say that the game flows very well and a intersecting scenario is allways around the corner. (also great if roleplaying as a young girl is your thing) ♥♥♥♥ing creep."
,Recommended,319630,22634908,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ashley,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. Amazing soundtrack, concept and story. The ending is what did it for me.Coming from a guy who doesn't usually feel a lot when watching a movie, playing a game etc, this is the only game to have ever touched me to any extent.11/10 would life is strange againAnd just remember..... BAYOVERBAE"
,Recommended,319630,22874317,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DeathlyArt,I bought this game when Episode 1 first came out and I was hooked. I wish there was more; but it is so good that it does not require more.  I could identify myself with Max having been an outcast in school and now being a photographer. I hope many more will enjoy this game as much as I have.10/10 Would buy again and again
76561198278997953,Recommended,319630,22881556,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Milfhunter,"Absolutelly amazing game, one of the best i have ever played. Life is Strange is one of must have games."
,Recommended,319630,23054932,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,wubba lubba dub dub,"By far the best graphical adventure I ever played.Really touching and intense, with a huge range of feelings being put on the table. It gives you something to think about when you stop playing it. Not to mention the great soundtrack.A total must play for a genre lover, no doubt."
76561197979460956,Recommended,319630,23110240,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cunnedda,"At first, I had the problem identify my self with main character Maxine and american high school setting, but after few minutes I've been sucked into game. Grafhics arts has its own style, sound design is great and really BIG plus from me for dialogs, because they sounds very natural. Also soundtrack is beautiful.I'm guy over thirty and this game.......its story made me deep emotionally invested and I cried."
76561198137732247,Recommended,319630,23123046,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Smile,"The feelsThis game has the perfect atmosphere and the soundtrack for it fits perfectly.When playing games like this,Im pretty sure most of us has changed choices that we f u c ked up.And this game actually put that into the gameplay,which is hella amazing!I have never been hit so hard in the feels by any game or movie.Here are the reasons why I recommend this game1.Likeable characters2.Amazing sountrack3.Cool game mechanics4.Thought-provoking story5.Collectable mode:Where you don't have to replay the whole chapter just to get back some missed out collectables,it allows you replay scenes with missing collectibles.Here are the reasons why I wouldn't recommend this game1.Lack of soundtrack2.Not everyone can enjoy it(sadly)If you want the whole experience,you have to play it yourself whether its buying the game or download the game online,the experience you have from watching a play through is no where near playing it yourself."
,Recommended,319630,23192216,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Llednar,Best game ever. Highly recommend. The soundtrack even matches perfectly and engulfs you.
76561198142267488,Recommended,319630,23318965,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Shorty,beautiful game !! Have to play it !!!
,Recommended,319630,23513753,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheRoflcopter,"Probably the best Indie game I've played, not into the choices matter type games like the telltale series usually, but this game was excellent and i found myself waiting and waiting for the new episodes to come out when they did and i played it on console, bought it again on steam just to play and beat it again on here"
,Recommended,319630,21167143,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Squids have curves,"10/10 Will ride the roller-coaster of emotions again.- That's the first game where just like with a good book I actually had to stop reading/playing for a minute or two to wrap my head around what happened, or trying to imagine how it felt to be in that character's shoe, or (unlike books) to feel a curious sense of guilt because I end up giving people a miserable time because of a bad decision or to ponder about a dreading sense of doubt about what I'm about to do.- The story is simply amazing, and every time you feel you can predict the outcome or the truth BAM! Plotwist in your face.- The gameplay is simple, it's basically an interactive movie like a Telltale game, not much to say about it.- Beautiful graphics overall, the only complain I could give is  the occasional animation glitch where the mouth don't move when they talk, but it only happened to me like twice in the whole play-trough.- Also on a side note, the game's website has a page about support group and help lines, I admit I found it a bit weird at first but some events in this game were really hitting close to home and I can imagine how it could hit even closer to some people, I don't want to go all tumblr with ""trigger warnings"" but yeah, you catch my drift."
,Recommended,319630,21189134,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,wpt,10/10
76561198139481307,Recommended,319630,21248634,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Theoderic of Montfort,"Since I cannot write two reviews, I have made a Chinese translation of this review. 由于我无法同时写两份评测，我照着英文版写了一个中文翻译。Light spoilers warning, no specific mention of plot details but may still ruin some of the surprises. Discretion advised. 本文含轻度剧透，虽然并没有明确提及剧情细节，但仍旧有可能毁掉一些“惊喜”。建议慎重。It took me a while before I felt like writing a review, and I don't write reviews very often, so here goes:The game has it's fair share of flaws, like all video games. It has poor lip synching, sometimes repeative animation (dialogues are long in this game, and soon you'll start seeing the characters doing the same movements over and over...), occasional flaws in voice acting, sometimes forced plot twists (lack of build up for some of the plots, in my opinion), and of course, as many negative reviews pointed out, a not-so-good ending.我玩儿完后花了一段时间才感觉想写一篇评测，而我又并不经常写评测，所以内容如下:这个游戏，像所有的电子游戏一样，有着自己的瑕疵。它的嘴型和对话接的不好，它的人物动画有些重复 (这个游戏里的对话很长，因此很快你就会发现人物们一遍又一遍地做着相同的动作...)，它的部分剧情难免有些勉强 (一些剧情转折缺乏积累)，它的配音有一些瑕疵，当然它最后，如同很多负面评测所指出的那样，有着一个不是那么好的结局。The game features time travel, along with extensive use of/hints to the ""Butterfly Effect,"" which means that, to quote from Lorenz, ""the Present determines the Future, but the approximate Present does not approximately determine the Future."" Now, for a game in which you could freaking jump across time, like this, one (at least I) would expect tremendous freedom in plot and gameplay, like that of, if not exceeds Skyrim if you please, and I would be lying if I say I wasn't slightly disappointed when I found out that depite all the ""This action will have consequences"", for the most part the game is linear, and the choices you made may not be as influential as one might think, especially with the ending.时间穿越在这个游戏中扮演着中心的角色，游戏中同时还反复的用到/暗示到所谓的""蝴蝶效应""，也就是按照洛伦兹的说法, ""现在决定未来，但是现在的近似版本不能近似地决定未来。” 那么作为一个允许你在时间轴上欢乐地跳跃的游戏，它本应在剧情和游戏性上给与玩家巨大的自由度，至少是能够比拟甚至超越上古卷轴天际的那种，而当我发现游戏中虽然有那些反复出现的""这项行为将会有后果""的警告，它大体上仍然是线性的时候，我是略有些失望的。你在游戏中做出的决定也许并没有你想象的那么影响深远，尤其是在现有的结尾下。But, this game is not an open world sandbox game, it is neither Mount & Blade nor Elder Scrolls, it is Life is Strange, it is an interactive book put to the screen, a story about life and consequences, about gains and loss, and about pain and survival. Once you accept the game as what it is, that you are not so much as playing as you are reading, it is not difficult to enjoy it without being too bothered by the limitations, as there are plenty of excellent linear plot games out there.但这个游戏不是一个开放式沙盒游戏，它既不是骑马与砍杀也不是上古卷轴，它是奇异人生，一本在荧幕上的可互动小说，一个关于生命以及后果，关于得与失，关于痛苦以及生存的故事。而你与其说是在“玩儿”倒不如说是在“阅读”，一旦你接受了这一点，想要享受它而不总是被其线性的剧情所困扰并不难。 毕竟外面多的是非常好的线性游戏。For the most part, the game can only be described with one word: ""beautiful."" It has stunning graphics, so stunning that I took more than 5,700 screenshots after my first playthrough. The dusk, the morning, the night, the storm, each episode with their unique environments. It has among the very best soundtracks in any video game, with many memoriable songs and musics (loved the menu guitar melody) that, like a certain developer said, made up ""50% of the experience."" It has excellent voice actings that, despite it's occasional flaws, made the characters all that much more alive.大多数时候，我只能想到一个词来形容这个游戏：“美。”它有着令人惊叹的手工绘制的画面，以至于在我在第一次玩儿通时已经积攒了超过5,700幅截图。黄昏，早晨，深夜，风暴，每一个章节都有着自己独特的环境。它有着在电子游戏中最好的配乐之一，有许多难忘的歌曲和音乐（尤其喜欢主界面的吉他）。它们，就像一位制作者说的一样“构成了游戏体验的一半”。它有着杰出的人物配音，即便有着些许失误，它们仍旧使人物们活了过来。Still, it is the characters and their stories that made the game, and the characters in this one is, well I can only say, depressingly terrific.但是最后，一个游戏的成败仍旧取决于它的人物以及他们的故事。而在这里，我只能说，它们好到令人绝望。It is said that a tragedy is basically something that ""makes the most beautiful thing in the world, and then smash it mercilessly right in front of you."" It is the shy yet compassionate Max, the rebellious yet caring Chloe, the sweet (to quote from Max) yet depressed Kate, the jealous yet vulnarable Victoria, the nasty yet always mysterious Nathan along with the manymore colourful people of Arcadia Bay, their stories, their struggles and their troubles, that made Life is Strange such a beautiful game. And as the game progresses, the plot twists and thickens, mysteries to be solved and things to be corrected, that's what drives people to keep on playing. And ultimately, when you have invested so much time, so much effort and so much emotions on those characters, the game twists your heart out with everything coming to close. With the knots tied and the questions solved, it sort of leaves one empty, unwilling to bid farewell to Max and Chloe, to Blackwell and Arcadia Bay, to the birds and squirels and to Max‘s analog cameras and diary entries.所谓悲剧，就是做出最美的东西再把它们无情地砸碎给你看。是内敛却又富有同情心的Max，叛逆却又事实上很在乎的Chloe，温柔（按Max的说法）却又压抑的Kate，嫉妒却又脆弱的Victoria，险恶却又神神秘秘的Nathan以及许许多多的Arcadia Bay人们，到头来是他们的故事，他们的挣扎与他们的苦恼才使奇异人生如此的美好。而随着剧情向前发展，随着一系列的加深与转折，越来越多的谜题和越来越多的选择与失误使得人们能一直玩下去。而到头来，当你已经将如此多的时间，如此多的努力和如此多的情感花在这些人物身上时，游戏结束了。谜底已经浮上水面，所有的节也已经系上。最后到头来都是一场空，而你却不愿意向Max与Chloe，向Blackwell与Arcadia Bay，向小鸟与松鼠们或向Max的老式照相机和日记道别。My experience with the game was like that of a wild roller-coaster ride, both during gameplay (I progressed very slowly, thus it took me 42 hours before I finished) and after playthrough. This game is, you know, sort of Strange.我在游戏上的经历，无论在游戏期间（我玩儿的很慢，因此花了42个小时才完）或玩儿通后，都像过山车一样时上时下。这个游戏，你懂的，确实有些奇异。"
,Recommended,319630,21413676,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,jess,Good experience.
,Recommended,319630,21514520,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Sheev Palpatimo,"InLife Is Strange™you'll be dealing with many choices that will have an impact on the entire game and that are hard to chose - every choice seems to have it's goodandbad sides. Even with your almighty power of rewinding time you will notice the difficulties of defining and doing therightthing.The story will take your breath, pause your heartbeat and unleash your emotions even when doing just little things and it's also not the kind of story where you can guess the end a few minutes after you start.Life is Strange also has very nice artwork and a very fitting score. It's drawn style looks good and fits well.If you consider getting a game to relax with when you're being alone and feel like listening to an amazing and touching story, tryLife Is Strange™. Steam gives you the chance to tryEpisode 1before you pay the full price, so why not use it?"
76561198154912826,Recommended,319630,21870327,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ADRNTESPDR,"It's difficult to write a review that gives Life is Strange justice without giving anything away. It's a typical story based game that tasks you with making all the decisions for Max Caulfield--a young adult on the cusp of graduating from a prestigious highschool. The twist is Max's newfound ability to reverse time. It's a simple premise that I simply can't get into without risking giving away the story.However, the story Life is Strange tells is more than strong enough to support a twenty hour game built around it. Dontnod did great adding little details to make a linear world interesting and worth exploring. It feels like every object holds some significance in the grand scheme of things. There can be real consequences to being too lazy or nozy. It's this weight to the tiniest decisions that starts to make you realize how deep the roots of this game's choice and consequence system lie. It's a perfect reflection of how, in real life, you never know exactly how your actions will affect the future. The difference is that in Life is Strange you're able to fix mistakes you might make--to a certain extent. The game cautions you in the first episode that once you leave an area the decision you've made become permanent. Reversing time seemed nice to me at first, but I realized that it was also a curse. At times I sat at my computer in deep thought for several minutes thinking about what I had done and if I should have done it differently. There's more weight behind your decisions when they have negative consequences and you could had the power to make things right. A lack of a timer on your decisions doesn't help--you literally have all the time in the world to make your decisions. Choose wisely.While Life is Strange probably won't be winning any awards for its aesthetics, you can't deny it's a beautiful game. Everything feels real while you're exploring it, and that's can be difficult to pull off. I don't recall anything breaking me from my experience while playing. There are times in the game where the environment will get clever and unique. I won't spoil it, because it's probably my favorite part of Life is Strange. Just know that the game knows how to play with your head when it wants to. The soundtrack is also worth mentioning. The music in general is well done--especially during key events. Sometimes I just paused the game to listen to the music of the menu. Yes, I liked it that much.The supporting cast bounces back and forth between excellent and painful. Keeping in mind the setting is a highschool and you live in a girls dormitory--there are some characters that grate on the nerves a bit, though it's more some of the dialogue that got to me at times. In fact, this is one area I felt the game fumbled a bit. It felt silly when there was some big event going on and I was stuck having a casual conversation about who's cheating on who at the school. A few conversation feel misplaced, but this is just a nitpicky thing and only once did it truly bother me. That being said, you never know how these conversations (or if you choose not to have them) may affect future events.I feel like this is all I can say about Life is Strange, because I just want everyone to experience it for themselves. There are so many great moments to be experienced here, and the story and decisions you will have to make are unforgettable. When I played through Life is Strange I held it in comparison to The Walking Dead: Season 1, because that game changes my life when it came to story based gameplay. As I sit here writing this review, I can't decide which is better. If you're a fan of story based games then Life is Strange is more than worth your time and the full price for the full season."
76561198078120109,Recommended,319630,21881024,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Whitewave,"I've never written a review on here before, and that's probably because a game has never hit me so hard before. It's wrong to call 'Life Is Strange' a ""game"" - it's so much more than that. This is an experience. It's a piece of art. Something that will stay with you days, maybe even weeks after you finish.If you are looking for explosions and the usual game contents then you should look somewhere else. 'Life Is Strange' is like a Stephen King novel in visual form. It has characters you come to love, and some you'll hate. You'll laugh and cry, you'll try your hardest to make the very best decisions you can, and you'll struggle to fix everything when it all turns to hell...in essence, you'll experience life...but with a time travel twist.I honestly cannot recommend this title enough. It is the biggest and most emotional ""game"" I've ever played. In my opinion everyone should play this. Forget things like ""Gone Home"" which promised so much and delivered so little. Life Is Strange is the real deal. A powerful story, a thought provoking concept, great graphics, amazing voice work, and incredible attention to detail. Every action you make can (and does) affect the future in so many different ways.Don't wait, don't just put this on your wish list and forget about it... buy this right now. You'll experience one of the finest games ever made.100/10 - Would rewind time again."
,Recommended,319630,21892137,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Bliddy Mcdiddy Binny,I'm 26 and I bawled like a big Manbaby. 10/10
76561198135639828,Recommended,319630,22152608,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,guit4rm45ter,Life is strange is one o fthe most amazing games ever made and if you haven't yet played it you owe it to yourself to play this game.
76561198200860073,Recommended,319630,22153528,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Timberwolf1999,"This game is beautiful, brilliant, and difficult, not in terms of skill but because of the decisions you have to make. Life is Strange will make you question every decision you've made and every choice you have to make.Choose wisely.14/10"
,Recommended,319630,22194486,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DArK_BuZzArD,This is something i wanted to play after a while since most bullcrap games that came out since 2 or so years.It easily deserves a 10 out of 10...Expecting more from 'Dontnod' in the future.[UPDATE] July 2016 - episode 1 for free
76561198084197681,Recommended,319630,22228027,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CaptainPollo,A powerful game
76561198027187407,Recommended,319630,22244899,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tirick Fire,"I find it very hard to adequately describe this game. It isn't challenging, in terms of gameplay; iIn many ways it is as easy to navigate its artistically crafted sets as it is challenging to make choices and deal with the consequences of your actions (or inaction). It is intense and emotional storytelling at its finest, in the backdrop of a small down so disturbingly familiar, but hauntingly broken. I have one episode left, and feel that ache that comes from nearing the end of a gripping novel. It will end, and yet will have more painful layers to reveal.I cannot recommend this game more. It is easily one of the best stories I have experienced in a game."
76561198074500256,Recommended,319630,22250075,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,QueenLiz_MMCXII,"A very well written narative with engaging characters.  Some of the choices are quite difficult and I found myself challenged by the opposing paths.It is very refreshing to play as a female protagonist.  ""Life is Strange"" is easily worth the money, even if it isn't on sale and I highly recommend this game."
76561198002975621,Recommended,319630,23879419,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ars68,"A defenite must buy for anyone who is even slightly interested in plot heavy games. on the flipside though, if you do not like story in your games and would rather just have more action and fighting, you will defenitely want to look elsewhere. this game strives to be a storydriven game, and does not try to be anything other then what it is.really though, as for the game itself, if it's unbelievebely high rating (96% approval on steam as of now) or the gorgeous graphics, soundtracks and voice acting shown in the trailers (yes, all the trailers are showing actual gameplay. all of them) then I'm not sure what would convince one to buy this game.I picked it up thinking it was going to be a great game. I was not only not dissapointed, but even still blown away by everything in it. everything from the emotional rollercoaster that is the story, to absolutely beautiful backgrounds and areas that really do seem just as alive as you would think. a bustling hallway really feels slightly but never actually crowded. a middle of the night park area really feels empty and lonely. this game just absolutely nails the atmosphere aspect of games perfectly.something that is really cool about it though, is the fact that they really did there homework on just how places look in a videogame. how people respond. everything in the game is spot on in the sense that not once will it leave you scratching your head going ""that just isn't even possible"" some of the story points may seem a little unlikely, but never impossible.This is quite possibly going to become the new benchmark for story driven games, and for good reason.10 out of 10 emotional roller coasters, would ride again."
76561198031043292,Recommended,319630,23911499,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sharp Dressed Man,"Really loved the game, the ending could have been a little more polished but that didnt change the fact that it has been a real great experience overall, story is touching and it can plays with your feelings. 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,319630,23948123,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Almighty UnicoЯn,10/10 Story rich & great soundtrack.
,Recommended,319630,23990910,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ KEBAK^Karan,"Best game i've played, by far."
,Recommended,319630,23999935,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FistOfLiberty,"Oh, man.After making a few choices, I figured, ""I'll be sure to play the game again so I can find out what happens if I do this differently!"" And after it pulled my heart out and stomped on it a few times, I don't think I can play it again.All 5 episodes are only $10 until July 4th. Pick this game up if you've got some extra cash and tissues."
,Recommended,319630,24000998,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Me†ric,♥♥♥♥ing buy this game.
76561198097795319,Recommended,319630,24026439,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Silvy,"Incredible. I could not stop playing, and completed it in one go...it couldn't be helped.Life is Strange is one of the best games, particularly RPG's, I've played in YEARS.Admittedly, I was skeptical at first. Don't let the bright, cheerful graphics and perceived age group fool you. Before reading into it and giving it a chance, I made the mistake of letting myself believe this game was only intended for a pretty young target audience. I was sorely mistaken, and found this out the hard way as some very dark subject matter slowly began to reveal itself as I progressed.This game caused SUCH an emotional rollercoaster, and I found myself experiencing a full spectrum of emotions throughout the story. It's so well written that it's difficult not to become invested in many of the characters, and the thought of losing them can be stressful at times. For me, personally, that's a major characteristic of top-notch storytelling. Knowing your choices will directly affect the past, present and future makes it quite difficult to come to conclusions, and you're often forced to sit for a moment (or two...or three) to look at the situation from a logical standpoint. You're forced to take past events into consideration, while trying to remember who did what/who deserves what, all while playing detective. It was quite the brain exercise!That said, it wasn't perfect, but no game is, nor can it be (imo). You have to be able to ignore some pretty cheesy teenage dialogue at times, firstly. Some of the puzzles were a bit tedious/frustrating and took up a pretty hefty chunk of time to complete, and I was a little unimpressed with the seemingly limited options when it came to the final choice. It was also VERY open-ended with a few plot holes, and I feel like I was left without full closure, but I do understand why, from a developer's perspective.All in all, I'm so glad I finally caved and gave Life is Strange a chance. It was a unique and incredibly addicting trip through another world, and I can't wait for Season 2. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,319630,24040196,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bannarchist,do not play this game it will rip your heart out and eat it in front of you and you will cry until your eyes are swollen and you don't remember why you kept playing in the first place5/5
,Recommended,319630,24053343,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NrN,"An amazing game that rival's Tale Tell's best. I waited to buy this game till summer sale, and it would have been well worth the initial asking fee. Follow the lives of Max and those around her as she wakes up with the extraoridnary power to rewind time.  Choose your own fate with it's own set of consequences Butterfly Effect style. This game is a beautiful game, and immersive one too; You won't want to put that controller / keyboard down once the ride has begun. If you are on the fence about this game, don't be. It is well worth your money."
76561198072948720,Recommended,319630,24061400,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arrow,"Absolutely astounding. Such a complex and intricate story that messes with your emotions. If you're looking for gameplay however, this may not be for you. 9.5/10."
76561198064937939,Recommended,319630,24084484,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Typicaltofu,"This game was beautiful and compelling. I went into it being intrigued by the ability to turn back time and all the possibilites that could come with that power. But by the second episode I quickly realized that the things I said to characters really mattered, that taking time to explore the world and talk to all the people was important, and that the power to time travel was a heavy burden and not a fix-all. This game made me identify with Max and care about the people around her, and it straight up broke my heart over and over. I haven't been this invested in a game in a long time.On the critique side of things: the first episode and the last episode both suffer from bad lip sync animation."
76561198084315790,Recommended,319630,24117810,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BlaKeN,"♥♥♥♥♥guys, you really should buy and play this ♥♥♥♥ing game if you haven't do it yet.  It's, I guess one of the best thing that ever happened in video game industry, and I trully mean it. You HAVE to BUY it, if it's not already done, that's an ORDER !After this aventure, my mind was completely ♥♥♥♥ed up, I was sitting on my chair, like: the ♥♥♥♥ should I do now ?I didn't even see any default, this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing absolutely incredible in any detailsAll character have a really detailed story and a unique personallity and most of them (you'll know why) are really appealingGraphics are really beautifullStory is incredibleThe choice you make really have an impact of the rest of your journeyYou are completely throw into an amazing adventure.Really, you MUST buy it, this game is a GODDAMN MASTERPIECE !"
76561198229964940,Recommended,319630,24132536,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jupe,I wish i can rewind time and cry all over again
76561198302352803,Recommended,319630,24171647,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LeMilKa,"This game is just a MASTERPIECE. I've never seen a game like that. I used to love numerous games but this one is... special. The design is one of a kind, the fact that the 2 main characters are girls is rare and it rocks! Each character has his own personality, etc. The story told is very engrossing. And there's a moral philosophy, at the end I realised that our choices in our life are important, just a little decision to us can make a big difference in it and that we should more think before acting. Stop acting on a whim. (serry if there are mistakes, I'm french)"
,Recommended,319630,24228628,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Sithmaster,"Thanks DONTNOD for this emotional roller-coaster ride! If a game motivates me to explore every corner and every aspect of the story and leaves me motionlessly sit in my chair, keeping me preoccupied with it after it's ending, then the developers created a true masterpiece.Keep in mind that this is an interactive movie and no action game. If you're looking for a great story to dive into - with believable characters which you will love and hate - then this game is for you.I wish I could turn back time to experience this jewel for the first time again ;)"
,Recommended,319630,24372211,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kero,"THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING RUINED ME AND IT ♥♥♥♥ED WITH MY MIND BUT THE STORY IS VERY GOOD, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,319630,24447309,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GoldenTiger,"Would highly recommend, try the first episode free!! Depressed it's over."
,Recommended,319630,24452781,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Chancellor Vlad,"This Game Is A Solid 9/10.This game has a story that has emotionally destroyed me for the next few months. You get connected to characters only to have they be game of thrones'd away. This game also gives you questions and choices that makes you, at least made me, question what I would have done in those situations. The art is amazing, and just realizing that someone in real life had to make all of these pictures in the game is crazy. The voice acting of Chloe and Jefferson are some of the best I have seen in a long time.HOWEVER: There were some annoying graphic issues making me have to constantly minimize and maximize the window and only ever play in safe mode, and some of the options for things you need to do are out of the way that people who go b-line for the objective, like me, wouldn't pick up.The story, voices, and art all makes up for all of that is annoying in this game."
,Recommended,319630,24498192,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,XPhil,"If you like decision-bbased adventures like Telltale's, you have to play this. I never experienced such a close emotional bonding to main characters like in this game."
76561198045529918,Recommended,319630,25645658,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Kaz,"Im a finicky gamer in all reality. It hard to get me to fall in love with a game. Im guessing because the whole market is just saturated with about every kind of video game you could ask for.That being said this is unlike anything iv played before in terms of immersion, character development, design, story, i mean just everything about it was just overwhelmingly well done. even its less than perfect graphics seemed to lend a compliment to the simplicity of the beginning of the game.Now the personal side of my review. The designers of this game had a tap to real life that iv never seen captured in any level in a game before. Every feeling i went through at that period of my life encompased and realised in 1 artistic vision without going ""afterschool special"" on it like we have all felt these ""make your own choice"" games become, while seemlessly adding supernatural touches. Nothing is linear or obvious, every choice a cascade effect thats unpredictable. I like this so much and want to see more so badly.  Designers i would like nothing more than to meet and compliment you for your work and to anyone looking to drop the 20 for the whole story  . .  You will never regret a purchase less in your life. 14 hours on my first playthrough and i no where near completed everything. 10/10 . . never given a game that beforeEvery review has to have a negative. The photo focusing mechanic in a few parts of the game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥but they put a really seemless auto focus feature in if your struggling after a a min or so."
,Recommended,319630,23524196,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ol,tbh best game everr
,Recommended,319630,23665920,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,🌸 Koneko,"I honestly really love this game. It made me think about my life and how everything happens for a reason. It has such a powerful message and impact, it opened my eyes about the people around me and how much everything impacts me.I know this is just a game, but its not a normal game. it teaches you to take your time on making your choices and think about all the consequences."
,Recommended,319630,23716517,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MizZzAly,"This game is absolutely beautiful. It manages to capture every single one of your emotions and take them for a wild ride. I fell in love with the characters and the storyline, it is truly a masterpiece! Every decision you make alters the past, present and future. So choose wisely. This game is truly one of a kind, and it is worth every penny!"
76561197992027414,Recommended,319630,23869151,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[.:CF:.] Voyagerfan99,"This is one of THE BEST story driven games I have played in a long time. As I was introduced to the characters and got to know them, I felt an actual connection to them. There's also an infinite array of ways to complete the story, giving you many chances to replay the game and take different paths to change the outcome of the story. Highly recommend!"
76561198075473965,Recommended,319630,21309626,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Cole444Train,"It would be criminal for me to not write a review attempting to convince at least one other soul to experience this game. I know I don't have the right words, but I will try. This game is beautiful. It is haunting how beautiful it is. Life Is Strange is a masterpeice of story-telling. Purposeful story telling. Very few games have affected me as deeply as this game did, and I have played telltale games, and many other story-based games similar.Life Is Strange has taught me. It has taught me to cherrish moments in life. Small, the smallest, beautiful moments. It has taught me to look at people unlike I have ever before. Everyone has a story, everyone has secrets, everyone has pain, even if you can't see it. I was in awe at how this game shined light on areas I personally have never even taken time to think about. It attempts to address some very heavy, deep issues and succeeds.Before making some decisions, I couldn't help but pause the game and take time to process what to do. I'd even leave and come back later. The decisions you have to make are heartbreaking. Some people seem to criticize the ending. I will avoid any spoilers, but I believe the ending choice was perfect, and relected what kind of experience this really is. Beyond a 10/10, play this game. You will not regret it.Thank you, LIS."
,Recommended,319630,21336150,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,zuff,"A memorable ride with amazing visuals and music that guides you through a cliched teen's life. Great characters, innovative mechanics, and at a perfect 20 hours this game was fun start to finish. Great to play with a friend.ArtThe cartoonish-like cell shading gave this game a very unique and pleasing look. Some of the scenes look like vivid drawings. A lot of attention to detail (for example, the stero's visualizer dots move with the music). The 3D is great, too. Models have plenty of complexity and the faces are well detailed. Lip-sync could be better, but it works.SoundThe soundtrack, oh the soundtrack. Fits perfectly with each scene. Lots of licensed music, too. Mostly modern alt/indie rock and it goes with the emotional settings of the scenes. Voiceovers are great, give plenty of life to the characters.GameplayThe mechanics are very unique and expand episode by episode. Hard to describe them without spoiling, so I'll just say fun, innovative, and powerful. Lots of things to interactive with in the world, lots of things to accidentally missed. Each episode has a ""collect"" mini-game by having you take pictures of certain items. It's fun to try to find them using hand-drawn clues.StoryGood. I won't say great because it could be predictable to some, but overall a good story. Lots of crazy moments that have the possibility of blowing some minds. Each character is memorable and has very relateable characteristics that help you predict their actions. There's big choices to make in the game, though some of them lead to the same place. It kept me engaged and wanting to see what happened next.ControlsM/KB worked great, though a controller would be just as useful. A lot of invisible walls in some places but well-reasoned.PerformanceVery well optimized game. Does not feel like a port at all. Plenty of graphics settings and a frame limiter. Really excited to see DONTNOD's next work.ConsIf you're not an adventure game fan, this may not be your cup of tea. Lots of story, lots of dialog, lots of exploring.Very limited space to maneuver at times, but as I said before with-reason. The area that is explorable is well detailed.Lip-syncing and hand animation could be better.Focusing on photos minigame can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥ never got it to work.Some what predictable and cliched, but the cliched can work to its favor at times.OverallBuy it, for $20 you're getting a $1/hr entertainment that is unlike an adventure game you've played before. If it's on sale, definitely buy it."
,Recommended,319630,21379824,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Matty-Kun,"Alright, let's get some things out of the way. This game is not what it's hyped up to be ' Greastest game ever ' etc. It is a very good game but it's not the best. But instead of typing it all up how bout I just make a list?Pros:- The way the story is told- Choices, cause how else would you have a story driven game?- Graphics / Art Style is very fitting for the story.Cons:- Had a few graphical bugs here and there ( Might just be me )- Your decisions through out all the game do NOT effect the ending what so ever. ( Would of been such a good ending if you could change it )- Sometimes my objectives for ( Quest?, Missions? ) would get stuck and require a reboot of the game. ( Then again might just of been a bad install on my part. )Rating - 8 / 10Overall, It's a good game for one or two play throughs to do both endings, other than that the game is extremely over hyped for what it was. I would recommened picking it up on sale ( goes on sale often ) and enjoy the story in a quiet room so you can really focus in on the dialouge and characters, Enjoy this non over-hyped review."
,Recommended,319630,21408231,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,AddiCat,"I'm currently in a state of shock. If you want to play a game that gives you a perfectly good excuse to thereafter binge eat cookies, this is your game. This game will teach you that life is... weird. Beautifully crafted game, but please excuse me for cutting this review short so I can go watch more Pixar movies to recover innocence."
,Recommended,319630,21423968,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blank,"""Maybe I could sneak in and watch Final Fantasy: Spirits Within. I don't care what anybody says, that's one of the best sci-fi films ever made."" -MaxThis game gets a: -0/10idc wut anybdy says this is one of teh best sci-fi games evr made"
76561198165112719,Recommended,319630,21787961,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hamie.wang,i cried
,Recommended,319630,21877455,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Cedira,"Never forget..I'm not one to usually write reviews, but I just had to give this a recommendation to whoever reads this.This is not just a game, it's an interactive experience, and if you're one who loves game lore and can get really get into the world of a game, or novel, or movie, then you'll absolutely thoroughly enjoy this.When you play, listen to every dialogue, view every detail, think about every choice, and please make it all the way to the end. Youwillnot forget this experience."
,Recommended,319630,21880111,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Edtron,Life Is Strange™Tumblr: The GamePros:Great voice talent!Amazing atmosphere.Easy 100% achievements.Likeable female protagonist.The Rewind mechanic is cool!Music was fitting and appropriate.Visually appealing unique art style.Well-written relationship between the protagonist and deuteragonist.Cons:The pacing could've been slightly better.Overall Rating:10/10
76561197964174007,Recommended,319630,21880709,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Cheesesteak,♥♥♥♥ing emotions
76561197982142623,Recommended,319630,21884502,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Schosch182,Great piece of art! That's why I love video games....
,Recommended,319630,22057580,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,manko🎃,"Anybody who wants to go on an extremely emotional ride should play this. This has easily become one of my favorite games, and was the most amazing experience I've ever had while playing one. My heart feels empty now that I've completed this :(..."
76561198154801825,Recommended,319630,22150395,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ultra Rep++,"First of all I didn't like ""only story type (non action) games"" untill i play this. I mostly preffered fps games. I baught this game because it was on sale with low price. so I bought and install but didn't play it. almost 2 months passed and I didn't play this game (even after intall). The reason was simple, I am FPS game lover So didn't get much interest in it. One day suddenly came in my mind to try this game one time. Then finally I played and I got very much impressed by this game. It was totally different from what I expected. I love the way of describing story in the game.This game turn out to be a really enjoyable game and it also make me to took leave from my fps games for few days :) ."
76561198112129306,Recommended,319630,22163724,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,хиппи-бегемот,I love this game<3 It was so touching <3 this is just one game that you can only play only once because it's not so fun when you know the story.anyway I love this game this is my favorite game of all time I I cried so much when it ended<3 and now when I look at the trailer I almost cry<3
,Recommended,319630,22244797,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Snoopa,"This game is a must experience. It really hits you hard and, for some, can really hit home. I, barely, even want to call this a game. More of an interactive-cinematic experience.It's the story of a young college student who returns home for school. She discovers the ability to rewind time. From there, the butterfly effects begins. Choices are made by you that can ruin or save lives. You must play this to see the stories unfold. You will feel emotions that you didn't know you could feel towards a video game. I can't say much without completely spoiling the game. Just play it.Yes, I have teared up a few times in it.But don't think this game is all about sadness. You will experience a roller coaster of emotions. As I've said before: Just play it. You will be missing out on an experience if you don't."
76561197964235151,Recommended,319630,22385477,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mrhat,Great story. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,22505638,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Shakhar,"I've never played a game like this. A game that questions my very existence as a human. I know it starts as a hipster excercise and that was what I was aiming for. Obviously, the authors did not. And now I sit here crying and questioning my own existence. There never was a game that moved me more then this one. Thank you..."
,Recommended,319630,22748373,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Yaang,this was my top 2015 game and i loved every single bit of it.
,Recommended,319630,23047644,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Elerosse,"10/10. I think a quote can sum it up perfectly;'In the end, you learn to treasure the times when things go your way, and be there for the ones you love when they don't. And most importantly, you learn to accept that some things are out of your hand, but still, with so much of life left up to chance, you can't help but look back and wonder.... What if things had been different...?'. </3"
,Recommended,319630,23055493,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Origin Saint,"After two complete playthroughs of this game, I can honestly say this is one of the best games I have ever played.  It doesn't have intense gameplay and awesome mechanics.  It doesn't have mech-suits or guns or war.  It doesn't have stealth or an open-world.  But what it does have, is one of the mostkick♥♥♥♥♥choice-based story-lines I have ever seen, played or heard of.  Seriously, this♥♥♥♥♥♥blows TellTale out of the water and makes their Walking Dead games look like child's play.Firstly, do not buy this game if you don't understand what you're buying.  You are buying a visual/interactive novel, with a branching storyline based on in-game choices.  There are no guns.  There is no army trying to kill you.  Yes, you will walk a lot.  Yes it is anexperiencerather than a open-world RPG or an action-adventure shooter.  So don't come back to the reviews after you buy it and ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan and call it a ""walking simulator"".  You knew what you were buying, and if you didn't, who the hell can you blame but yourself.  Now that that's covered...I mentioned this game is better than the popular games from TellTale.  I say this as someone who owns and has played the Walking Dead games from them.  While those are good games, in terms of choice-based impact on the story and actual meaningful content from the game itself, it'd be damn hard to somehow do better than Life Is Strange.  Every single choice you make has a consequence (like real life almost!whaddya know...).  You forget to water that damn plant in your dorm?  It might die.  Water it too much?  It might die.  Should you warn that girl that she's about to get hit with a football?  Or not?  Do you help your friend confront her step-father about her Marijuana?  Or not?Every one of these choices has an impact on the game and the story it is telling, and believe me, you can definitely regret some of the decisions you make in the game.The plot of Life Is Strange does a very good job of keeping you on your toes at all times.  There are plenty of plot twists to be had and characters with very, very good development, and you have an effect on how that all plays out.  You can befriend certain characters or be their enemy, that's up to you.  You choose what crowd you hang out with and how you treat people.  The story itself will obviously follow a set path, so you will have to make choices that you would argue you wouldn't really have to make, but that's a bit of the beauty of the game.So the character development is good, the choice-based story progression is good, the plot twists and plot itself is good, what else is good?  The art style is just amazing for the game.  Not glamorous, but definitely nice and crisp and inviting.  The voice acting.  It isphenomenal.  Seriously.  Some of the best.All in all, this game is designed to be about the story it tells, and while I won't spoil anything for anyone, I can say there are plenty of plot twists, choices you don't want to make, and the game does a great job of really making youconnectwith not just the main, important-to-plot-progression characters, but also the auxillary characters there to bring life to the world they created.While I'm never surprised when Square Enix publishes a quality game with a quality story, this developer has certainly shined under their influence.  Dontnod's only other game was Remember Me.  A game with fairly mediocre/positive reviews.  In this game, they have shown what they are capable in crafting for an audience.  And they hit a home run."
,Recommended,319630,23084601,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ellen Page #Bahrieber,"This is one the best game I have ever played. It's a masterpiece.Awesome story, characters, unique graphics, and epic feelings.You need to play this game it´s a truly amazing game.10/10 I really love this game"
76561198140821899,Recommended,319630,23105316,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Fallrose,"Every aspect of this game is amazing. I just can't get over it. I wish I could play it again with that same oblivious feeling that I had my first time playing. I grew very attached to the charcters and I was so anxious to find out what event would come next. I have to admit, I thought this game was going to be just another high school drama but it is so much more than that. I would probably consider this one of the best games I have ever played. Great storyline but I am still devastated that the game had to end. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone."
76561198170182843,Recommended,319630,23136963,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,InformalSuitcase,"Life is Strange is an Extraordinary Choice Game that was Realeased Digitaly on Steam in 2014 and the Retail for Xbox One, PS4 and PC in 2015. It was made by Dontnod Interactive and published by Square Enix. Was the game Good ? For Me it was Fantastic and something New and Fresh, Something i hadnt seen for awhile. I Loved the game so much that when the Limited Edition came out i bought it again.You play as Maxine Caulfield a School Student returning to there home town Arcadia Bay and going to the School Blackwell Academy. You notice many missing posters around and things start to get wierd as You Witness Someone get shot, you somehow reverse Time and stop the girl from getting shot. Thats where the Reverse Time Feature kicks in. The Game is also a Heavily Story Driven Game with many Alternative paths to Choose from. Some choices are good while others are bad. The Characters are Fantastic and have great backstories with one of my favourite characters Samuel being very Suspicous but Kind at the same time. The Atmosphere is Spectacular with that one Dream sequence in Episode 5 being very Tense. The Ending is very Sudden and Unexpected. I was shocked and that was the first time i had no idea that something like that would happen. Many Plot twists lie within this Fantastic Game. After finishing this game i had 54 achievements, Getting them in offline mode which explains why my time playing is short.Everything in the Game Works Perfectly with in the end everything connecting and no loose ends.. Well mabye one or two but the game is overall a Solid Game.The Story is Great, The Style of the Game is Great. If there is one thing i could say about this game which i would have wanted more of would be the Length of the Game And the Final Chapter wasnt really the best, they could of done better. The game has a Great Length but i was so into the Game that i wanted more, But thats just me. I could say so much about this game but i dont want to spoil the game too much so i give this game a 9.5/10 I felt that almost Everything about this game was Fantastic."
,Recommended,319630,23137930,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Denocan,One of the best games I have ever played. Buy it.
76561198261056850,Recommended,319630,23222009,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Discriminatory Pawn,"Episode 1: Getting started, very interestingEpisode 2: Wow, this is getting really interestingEpisode 3: ERMEHGERD THIS IS AMAZINGEpisode 4: #criEpisode 5: This is the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,23332148,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,rikochette,"I really can\'t see why there is an actual 4% of this community - literally 500000 humans on this planet consuming earth\'s resources - actually made a negative review for this masterpiece. Generally I only have positive reviews, because I only deside to make one for a game which is worth it, but now it will be a bad one. I am extraordinarily frustrated by the fact that Valve made it possible for people to write negative reviews about this game.PROS:+ Excellent audio quality and an amazing list for the game\'s OST+ Amazing variety of story options to chose. I guarantee that your choise will be there. Not a single time will you think \""aww maybe it\'s B, but I think A fits my character more\"" NO, NEVER. The dirctors have taken care of the factor that everybody\'s decision will be in the game+ Flawless voiceacting. The motion capture and the voice acting is life-like and better than several nobel awarded actors+ Controller support+ GREAT F**KING STORY!!!!!+Pure shaders and life-like shadows. A good aspect when you are having a protagonist obsessed with photography...CONS:- I guess some people wont like the graphics engline\'s style. They are used to unreal engine distripute high-end shader-full graphics, well guess what NOT ALL GAMES NEED YOUR FANCY PANTS AWESOME EYE BURNING GRAPHICS! PUT YOUR GTX1080 UP YOUR A$$"
76561198041115663,Recommended,319630,23366257,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,King Dickie,"A choose your own adventure moive with 5 episodes about a girl that can rewind time.I dont want to say anything else because I am afraid itll spoil it.I cried in movies before.This game though, made me go into full bodies weeps several times. My body was convulsing from emotion.This may be the greatest game iv ever played. esp for a not-really-a-game game. This is a must own."
,Recommended,319630,23500941,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Moz86,"This is possibly the first game ever to actually make me cry. You can't help but feel connected somehow to at least one of the characters in this game. Totally immersive story, so real that it has made me question myself and my choices that I would make if put in a similar position. This game is a must buy and a must replay as well."
,Recommended,319630,23514184,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,funkadunkle,"Five words.I. ♥♥♥♥ing. Love. This. Game.It is the most emotionally intense game ever. At some points, it seems a bit drawn out, but making it to the end of all five episodes is definitely worth it.It makes you question yourself and reality, and the choices you make in everyday life. It has extremely in-depth and relatable characters with realistic decisions, which will be very difficult to make. You feel so close to the characters emotionally, it's almost criminal to play with a person's heart strings that much.Also, if story isn't enough for you, the graphics and art style for this game are so unique and beautiful, the cinematic sequences are breathtaking and complement the game so perfectly. One thing I have to say about the graphics is sometimes the animations cant keep up with the audio, I mean lips in particular, but the rest of the game is great."
,Recommended,319630,21802582,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Adnan,One of the best !
,Recommended,319630,21845693,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BlackScout,"This game is an emotional rollercoaster.It shows various sorts of problems people could/may face one day or have faced in their lifes, it deals with lots of difficult questions, conflicts... All this through Max's journey. I find it hard to describe...Wonderful soundtrack, wonderful story, makes you cry a lot, makes you feel some♥♥♥♥♥♥ idk, it's amazing...PLAY IT! YOU NEED THIS GAME!"
76561198020732791,Recommended,319630,22114885,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Khain,If you feel no emotions during the game you do not understand or are already dead inside.Not my type of game but a serious masterpice of art and nevertheless the best game i played during the last decades.WarningMay seriously effect your mood if you are playing all 5 parts during a weekend.May let you start thinking about life and values.12 of 10 points from me.
76561197989130622,Recommended,319630,22171600,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,lafargo,"Great game, just wow. Can not really say much just play it."
,Recommended,319630,22695221,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Polish Girl From Iceland Stream,"The world and things that happen around it remind me of Bully. There's that teenage drama that both games have, but instead of it being a parody and comedical like Bully, Life Is Strange brings some  serious drama that really make you feel  emotions for certain characters. This game isn't for someone who doesn't appreciate little aspects of the game and just feels the need to rush through it."
,Recommended,319630,23384883,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,parz,"I'm a sucker for a narritive driven game, and Life is Strange tells an amazing story. Right from the first episode, the game immerses you into a relaxing and familiar world with a few twists. The time travel aspect is great and adds some unique puzzles. The decisions are thought provoling, and can change the game depending on your choice. It is also a nice touch to see the world-wide percentages for each decision to see who else made the same choice as you. Overall, Life is Strange tells an amazing story and kept me hooked all 5 epsiodes. ""Replayability"" is high so you can make different choices you missed the first time. THe directors commentary is also a nice watch.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,23393129,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Vrax11,"10/10 I wish i could forget everything about this game and play it again so i can experience it like new again.too many feels for one game, make more, i have money, make more and ill pay you to make more, ya know?"
76561197976706827,Recommended,319630,23403655,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Michael,Definitely one of the best games  ever made to date and a sign that the game industry is finally growing up.
,Recommended,319630,23443878,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JojiVlogs,"This is a must have game! If you remotely like anything that tells a story, this is a game for you.Warning: Prepare for an emotional roller coaster.Recommended: Play each chapter in one shot. Do not stop mid-chapter.11/10"
,Recommended,319630,23929589,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DRUSUS,This game is amazing 10/10 must play!
,Recommended,319630,23957177,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Angry Piglet,"I'm still only done with the first episode, but damn, this is one of the most beautiful and interesting games I've ever tried. So glad I decided to buy it and try it out."
,Recommended,319630,24048851,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hazuru,I haven't cried like that since Titanic.
76561198043022382,Recommended,319630,24059453,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SmallBozrah,"Good game, very emotional and sad. Worth buying and playing because its writing and voice acting. I did encounter 2 bugs during on my game play nothing big just had to restart from last check point. I would like to see a part 2 of this game, and also maybe somthing from a male point of view.Also warren was the real hero of this game =-)"
76561198114942112,Recommended,319630,24114098,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gamer545,This game is totally awesome with her own story based on emotional choices.I absolutely recommend this game to all people who like strong and great storyline based on your choices so you can make how its your story be.And I hope it will be a second title soon :D
76561198038975986,Recommended,319630,24396913,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,demonruler,"<₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪>man ... this game is my guilty pleasure...It's bad in a lot of ways but i freaking love it !Let's start off by the things i expectid before starting the game.after playing a few telltale games i was pretty sure square enix would try to jump on this bandwagon succes and give it a shot with no ambition in mind and a time travel mechanic that would fail.So yeah my expectation where pretty low coming in this game.After playing it my opinion did changed.Now if we compare it with telltale,I can sum up multiple reasons why i mostly enjoyed this over there titles.If you're looking for a perfect game that expands with difrend storylines based on your choices you will most likely dislike this game, so calling it better than telltale might upset some people.Let's start this review and give you my reasonings whyStory:""Now tell me bro how does a girls high school drama beat a cool zomby apocalypse"" ...yes, you need to be in the mood for this kind of story before starting it, Hell... it opens with tumblr the game episode 1 but gets on the right track at ep. 3the time travel part of the story is ok but done better in other movies, but i think you could say the focus of the story is centered around the main character friendship and emotions.and of course some people might really dislike this.I have to admit it had it fair chair of badly written moments ridiculously cliche characters and plot whole's that can ruin your experience.chaos theory for example was only apyied to one scenario, time travel makes you teleport (in retrospect to other characters that seems oblivious to it) and characters could do some cringy $h*t, etc. but i managed to forgive them for itIt was nice they also put in some symbolism to forshadow or remark certain eventsif you can look past the minor mistakes and except if for what it is you get really absobt into it.gameplay:wow... teltale never even tried to put in some puzzels and this game did (shaking my head)even if they weren't alway's great, at least they rewarded you for paying attention to small details and gave you decen't investigation scenes,something the great ""inspector bigby"" never had-_-there is also just more to do and discover.at first the rewind option felt more like a hassle instead of a fun game mechanic but they made it better after episode 2choices had minor inpact but felt ok till epside 4You will have to except episode 5 is just a movie walthough  with only 2 option in the end.conclusion:decent story but nothing originalgreat melancholic music tracs i can keep lisening toNice graphic art stylechloe and max.Slow at times but followed by twists or clifhangers that pulls you back in.overall an nice game if you can look past the mediocre writing used sometimesI got an empty feeling after playing, i'm really surprised how much i like this game even tough i can admit its many flaws.I would still recomend you to check it out  ;)<₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪>"
76561198235825260,Recommended,319630,24508253,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dr. Evil,"Now I love the game and all but why Square Enix to delete the 2-5 season pass, I had been trying for 3 hours to get the 2-5 season pass and I am not happy. Ingame i tried to install episode 1 and it brings me here to Life is Strange Episode 1, no season pass, no nothing except to say ""Play Game"" but I do like the series but really Square Enix to delete the Season pass button, please someone for the love of God tell me how to download it, I know its not free and I had been trying to buy it.I am getting very frustrated and my head is about to explode, where is it Square Enix or Valve?!?!? I rather play Minecraft Story Mode than this (Just Kidding but seriously, get that button back Valve or Square Enix)"
76561198066380381,Recommended,319630,25504537,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,dampf_benutzer,"An emotional rollercoaster, even for a ""grown up boy"" like me... Great story, awesome soundtrack, and balanced riddles that don't interfere with the tale's progress."
,Recommended,319630,23930298,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Infranix.,"This game....THIS DAMN GAME.A story that truly gives and hits you in all the feel spots.A game that satisfies you for some of the decisions made.A game that makes you pay for some of the decisions made.And the player concept is something every gamer should experience.Just finished. Writing this review fresh after finishing the 5th episode.And my mind is so screwed up - I think i'll just....go.....sleep and crybecause I didnt save Arcadia Bay :(About the gameplay itself:Controls seem smooth. Not a single bug with controls have I ran into.The graphics are definitely good, and gives the entire game a unique feel that I cant really explain. It's not too realistic, but damn, it does a very good job at giving the game the perfect feel.The inclusion of various puzzles like Finding clues for mysteries, finding creative ways to get to places or get things, and finding codes for keypad locks give this game a unique way of getting the player involved. Reminds me of Elder Scrolls with all the locks. (No Lock Picking tho xD)Cons:> Scenes might be a bit too long for some. Kinda made me a bit restless during some of the long cutscenes. (Something YOU should decide when you play the game. Which you should.)>The characters that you run into put you into a lot of drama and gets you involved in the game itself. Whats wrong in that? The fact that the expressions are worse than GTA San Andreas, kinda puts you off while watching some of the scenes. However, I do consider this a very minor con, and it shouldn't affect you buying this game or not.Should you buy this game? Yes. And by Yes, I mean HELL DAMN YES YOU BETTER GET THIS GAME. SELL THOSE CSGO SKINS AND GET THIS.I'm gonna stop here. Now go, buy the game. You definitely wont regret this purchase. You won't.This game truly deserves a full 10/10.One of the Best Story Games ever. Definitely."
,Recommended,319630,23892302,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Art Baker,"Among the top 5 games i have ever played, enough said."
,Recommended,319630,23894080,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara,"This game is just beautiful, and has an amazing story. Just please... brace yourself."
76561198071712569,Recommended,319630,23930673,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,taiga16,"I just finished the game a few minutes ago and had to leave a review while it was still fresh in my mind.It has been years since a game has affected me on such an emotional level. This game pulls you into the story and makes you love the characters and believe in the relationships between them. It's a game that rewards you for talking to everyone and exploring everything. The choices you make matter. Most importantly, there are many choices that don't have a clear good or bad answer, and you have to decide for yourself what you'd rather live with.The dialogue between the characters and the way you can affect what they do later on has to be my favorite part of the game. Being nice to someone can literally save their life in later scenes. Also, the relationship between the two main characters is so incredibly real and amazing to watch.There are still tears in my eyes afterward. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes story-rich, choice-based games that are filled with emotion."
,Recommended,319630,23996555,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rubab,"This game is well-paced and has a very special theme to it, which makes it stand out. If you like games in which the decissions you make, have an influential impact on the futere, then this is a must-play.Pros and ConsProsGreat CharactersExcellent voice actingGood length of each episodeEmotionalWell pacedConsFacial animationsDefinitely one of the best story based games I have played.10/10"
76561198059139947,Recommended,319630,24045594,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Life,Life is Strange provides a distinctly human experience that will leave you in love with the world in which it tells its story.I haven't cried this much for a game ever.Nothing but praise for DontNod for creating this absolute work of art. Now back to wishing I had a Max in my life..
,Recommended,319630,24066969,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LostVegas911,"Wow. PLayed through the entire game in one sitting. Were some stale moments, but the plot/story was better than most shows I watch on Hulu/Netflix. Awesome game."
76561198060570492,Recommended,319630,24083509,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Snow Mexican,"After 12 hours of playing this game I can honestly say it is the best choices-matter game I have ever played. Very few games are able to achieve such rich character development and make you stop and think about your decisions so much. 'Life is Strange', simply put, is an excellent game and well worth the money paid for all 5 episodes, would recommend to anybody who enjoys story-rich games."
76561198174775655,Recommended,319630,24100775,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nasty,"Wow...Amazing lil game.If you ever played, The Walking Dead series or any other TellTales stories... why are you still reading this?Go get the ""Life is Strange"" now._____________________________________________EDITEDAfter finishing all the completed Episodes;_____________________________________________Life can very strange, thats a fact.But this game can be pretty disturbing to say the least.Sick in the head sometimes.The adventures of Max and Chloe were made for a mature audience and this deep story line it will be something you will remember for a long time.If you enjoy art in general, or sketches and photography in particular, this game is for you!Every decision you make will have an impact on the past, the present and the future of the story line.You will eventually regret most of them.Your jaw will drop at some point, and you´ll probably shed a tear or two.I know I did."
,Recommended,319630,24130470,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Viper,"when i first saw this game, i didnt think i would like it... i fell in love with the characters. i could never kill chloe, and through out the game i did my best to save her from all harm.   if you want to have your heart and all your emotions ripped apart and put back together in the wrong order get this game.  it makes you cry seeing some of it..."
76561198026249208,Recommended,319630,24146639,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Snake,"At first it may seem like it was written by a bunch of adults who are trying so hard to reach a teenage audience with some obnoxious cultural references (like ""selfie"" and ""memes""), but Life is Strange is actually a thrilling and emotional rollercoaster with an extremely interesting ""time rewinding"" mechanic."
,Recommended,319630,24178749,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bowlcut,"Beautifully crafted and highly affecting, Life Is Strange boldly goes where other games dare not look. An unforgettable experience. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24228909,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Everhell,♥♥♥♥ing amazing experience that hit me so deeply on multiple levels.  Most underrated game of 2015.
76561198039190860,Recommended,319630,24419251,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jag Wire,I cried.. I cried a lot.
76561198315205010,Recommended,319630,28421541,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Steffe,"I recommend buying the whole game, it's a fkn masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,28413604,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Galactic Spectacular,"If I could erase my memory and play this game again, I would."
76561198030316979,Recommended,319630,31257629,Posted: 20 April,all,Thorex,"Friend bought the game for me last year, 'cause I had some depression issues.Dyed my hair blue and get the Chloe tattoo.Guess it helped... :)"
,Recommended,319630,31246749,Posted: 19 April,all,emil_hedgehog,"Really well-paced and thought-provoking story based adventure game, like a mixture of the recent Telltale games and L.A. Noire's clue-finding. Set in modern day northwestern America, it follows the high school life of Max and her newfound time travel ability, leading her to uncover the mysteries surrounding the quaint town she lives in and developing the relationships with the people around her, especially her long-time friend Chloe. Brilliant writing, well done voice acting and stunning art direction make this an experience that will stick with me for a long time to come, and is well worth playing if you're looking for a good story to delve into. The first episode is free to play, so if you're still unsure about whether you'll enjoy the setting, you can give that a go to see if it will be to your liking :)"
,Recommended,319630,31524072,Posted: 3 May,all,snap,"Life is Strange will take you through the not-so-typical week of a High School Student named Max Caulfield and her adventure of internal monologue and do-overs. Rich storytelling and attention to detail allow the player to feel a connection to those in this town on a personal level. While the premise of time travel is not something people can relate to, many players can relate to the struggles Max has to deal with on a deeper level than other games.I found myself sitting for minutes thinking about what to do in certain situations, agonizing over the outcomes of a seemingly meaningless decision. The option to time travel eliminates some of this fear, as most decisions can be undone if you feel you messed up, but you still feel the need to pick the ""right"" choice the first time. The reality of it is that your actions will not always give you the outcome you were looking for, and it sucks. It sucks to think that you're doing the right thing and not get what you want."
,Recommended,319630,34238943,Posted: 14 August,all,jun,This game changed me...Gonna miss the characters.Made me tear up.Amazing storyline.Great soundtrack.Just 10/10
,Recommended,319630,23033861,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,blohm616,10/10 made me stand up from my desktop to avoid choosing on the last scene
,Recommended,319630,24552166,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Lara Croft,That was fun
,Recommended,319630,33529090,Posted: 13 July,all,PriceField,"Life is Strange is more than a game its an experience,i had super low expectations for this game cause for the last week all i played were choice driven games and the last game that i played was hella boring.Life is Strange is now my all time favourite game.Now about the gameStoryWhen i saw the pics on steam i tot the story had a high school drama/romance vibe and cause of this i tot i was in for another boring game,but once i started playing the game i knew i was soooo wrong.I dont wanna talk about the cast or anyhing related to the story,only then will you get to experience the game in its entirety,dont wanna ruin the story for you guys.I can say for a fact that this is one of the best video game stories of all time.The characters are sooo believable i love the castGameplayThe gameplay is the same as most choice driven games,i really loved that the choices that you made actually mattered,ive played a ton of games where u pick different choices but the outcome is the same no matter what,so yea 10/10 for that.There is another gameplay mechanic in this game which i love not gonna talk about it cause its story related.GraphicsSome would argue that this game has bad graphics,i ♥♥♥♥ing loved the graphics,the atmosphere of this game is amazing,the environment,the weather effects,the beautiful scenery,this game is by far the most immersive game ive ever played.SoundThe music and the soundtrack oh god dont even get me started ,it was sooooooo well done.I loved the licensed music that was used and the soundtrack was simply amazing,words cant describe how good the soundtrack of this game was(lol  my english vocab is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥.I wish they put the soundtrack for purchase insta buy.VerdictWhen i beat the game i felt like i lost a few good friends,ive never felt this way with games cause they are ♥♥♥♥ing pixels but the way this game was delivered,i wasnt sure if i beat the game or if the game beat me,it was an emotional journey,i felt ♥♥♥♥ing devastated,i wish the game never ended,lol one episode into the game and i was like can the feels train stop already,i wish i could go back in time to play this game without having any memory of it,this is the only bad thing about this game,ill never be able to play it for the first time again,i dont think ill ever be over this game,ill remember this game forever,this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed me up.This game made me cry sooo many times,bawling would be an understatement,i know this sounds cringy af but damn i really love this game,i am now an emotional wreck.I have soooo much more to say but i cant cause of my small vocabInfintiy/10,would recommend this game to everybody.This game has a 96% on steam.Plz play"
76561198088179991,Recommended,319630,19539784,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Emma,"At episode 1 I was still confused yet hyped for the next episode.Episode 2 was basic and I felt like all I did was walk around in the junkyard looking for the bottles that took me forever to find. Thats my fault though.Episode 3 was fun, more interractions and interesting changes to the story (the ending wtf :no_spoilerino:)I was so hyped for episode 4 and it didnt disappoint me, it was probably the best one in this entire game.Episode 5 was great too, a bit too weird ""puzzles"" for me at the end there. And the ending A ending B was kind of obvious imo. But overall a really really really + really good game, great story, killed lots of hours playing this without even being bored so thats positive I suppose. 10/10 would play sequel."
,Recommended,319630,30528343,Posted: 15 March,all,Dyomaeth,"This review is completely spoiler free.Adventure storytelling games have been a quintessential part of gaming since the artform took its first baby steps with the very first text adventures of the Space Quest type. I feel this is important to be noted in a review of Life is Strange because when the game came out it was quickly branded and thrown in the ""Telltale games"" bunch of ""walking sims"" or ""interactive movies"". This also affected me a bit because I was very reluctant to give the game a go until years later and here we are.I've sunk over 24 hours in this game by now and I've only done one playthrough and didn't even bother finding all the photos. The game just did a marvelous job of sucking me in, having me read every diary entry, listen to the music and enjoy the scenery. This is as good an effect as any storytelling or immersive game can achieve.And I do say game, because I think Life is Strange is one. At least 3/4 of the entire length I did feel I was in complete control  of the events and there were enough ways to interact with the environment and people. The mechanic which makes these interactions double interesting is the time rewind power. You can use it to speak to the dozens of NPCs, hear what they have to say, rewind and tell them what they want (or don't want to) hear. It's also the main way to solve puzzles, while also making them kinda fun and a breeze to get through.The last 1/4 is the only part of the game when it felt like a ""telltale game"" or a ""movie"". The very last episode is pretty much a nonstop corridor towards the end, patched up with quick time events and a very boring and tedious ""stealth"" sequence. Yes, the ending is sad, the last cutscene is heartwrenching, which is why I was hoping the game would end in a different way. The strongest parts were the ones when Max was alone with her thoughts, on the swing in that messy courtyard, on that log in the junkyard. These moments felt nearly spiritual, and, of course the wonderful music helped too.The other thing is the characters - so many of them felt multi layered, troubled and flawed, until the very last ending sequence when one HAD to become the hero, one HAD to become a stereotypical villain et cetera, et cetera...The game just had this masterful stroke when even its obvious influences from books, movies and philosophy (Twin Peaks, The Butterfly and the Catcher in the Rye being the obvious ones) didn't really show in any way except for the occasional tribute. The only exception is the Rachel Amber subplot, which was a little too streamlined and despite being one of the main ""mysteries"" I had it figured out about halfway before the final reveal really happened.It's just very disappointing because the game really had the potential to become one of these rare near flawless experiences which we remember for the entirety of our life, like a good book.It still is one, to be honest. This game did manage to connect with me very deeply on multiple occasions. Strongly recommended by all accounts. We just need more games like this."
76561198247438496,Recommended,319630,26004853,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The Clunge,"Two games... In my entire 21 years, most of which has been spent as a gamer, I have only ever experienced two games that made me feel completely empty inside upon completion. The first being the Witcher 3, also released in 2015, and of course Life Is Strange. If it weren't for the occasional text message from my girlfriend I genuinley believe I would have shed a few tears, having spent an agonising few minutes staring at my monitor, unable to make that soul crumbling final choice. Eventually I forced myself and I feel broken.What do you call something like this? Game doesn't seem to do it justice. To know that this game was sitting in my library for months before I actually decided to play it is a horrible feeling, but honestly playing it is the greatest decision I've made. If nothing else, it completely changed my perspective on so many things; friends, family, relationships. Hell, it even made me reconsider how I treated the people I don't like.If by the end of chapter 4 you're not completely in love with Chloe well, you and I probably won't get along very well. All I can say is buy this game. Play it as much as you can the first time, enjoy every detail, because if and when I play this game again, which I'm not convinced about because everything about what happened in my game was so perfect I couldn't have written it better as a movie, the feeling just won't be the same. Play this game, love it, lose yourself in it, learn from it and then never forget it . I honestly don't know how I'm ever going to play another game again after this... So, Life Is Strange, thank you for letting me experience part of your story and I hope the next person gets to live a slightly different side, explore something I missed, and love you just as much. As for Chloe and Max, Au Revoir."
,Recommended,319630,16093845,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Boopee :3,♥♥♥♥ you Chloe.
,Recommended,319630,18599167,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Marrz_ | Tallegg.ee,:'(
76561198008739230,Recommended,319630,18748872,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Eisscratch,"Best story driven game I have played so far.Never felt so connected to any fictional characters. This game really made me care and the choices you have to make are really hard at times. It deals with sensible subjects and does this in such a phenomenal way, that no other game has come even remotely close.The soundtracks are simply put awesome. They fit the gameplay perfectly. The voice actors, oh my lord, the voice actors. Possibly the best voice acting so far in any game.I know I seem way to hype, but this is game is really unlike anything else you have played so far. This game will affect your life, it literally will, you will see things with different eyes and the game won't let you go, even after you played the final episode. 20$ for 18+ hours of gamepley is a really good price. Please consider to pick this game up, to support the developers (who are still struggling finacialy) and to let yourself experience this gem of a game."
76561198051534062,Recommended,319630,16974495,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Yrthen,Hilarious. 6/10
,Recommended,319630,24611435,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Catfish Shotgun,I did NOT expect this game to be what it wasHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥Get ready to go on a mother-♥♥♥♥ing feel trip
,Recommended,319630,14721101,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Azorae,video game
76561198113198748,Recommended,319630,15688474,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Indiana Hoes,Hello everyone Including my freinds on steam I usually do not write reviews for games but this one deserves a review and i deserves a good one i would give this game a 10/10 and reccomend you to buy it i know that your trying to find a good game that doesnt cost much trust me im like that all the time this game has a good story a character that you can relate to and beautiful graphics plus if you water a plant it says this action has consuequences sorry im bad at spelling but it is great at hitting you right in the feels im not gonna spoil it because if i do it would be like spoiling half life and heavy rain because its so simalur to heavy rain the choices the graphics the great story it has everyting you would want in a game like this and its so good at making you really want the next part i hope you really enjoy pressing tha buy button oh and one more thing before im done with this review becareful what you decide in the game because it will affect the story so much thats all i have to say
,Recommended,319630,16729332,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nice-Job-26,"Its a very good tell tale game, and a lot of differend ways to make your own kind of stroy.Ofcourse the basic of the game is the same as by others, but you can make a different. the weird thing by this tell tale game is that you can go back in time to make instead the choice you made at the first place to take the second.So you know you did the right thing or the bad. however, every choice you made has it own respondebility or reaction on it. So be awere, nothing will go smoothly.The problem (if you want to call it) is that you have to buy the other episodes will you want to know how its going further or what is coming next... I recommend to buy the whole collection at once so you dont have to pay extra when you like the game (What probebly will happen anyway). What I was sayin is that its different like the rest of the ''tell tale games'' and thats why I liked it.10/10 ''A must have''"
,Recommended,319630,24715294,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,yogurt break,"Besides some lines are way too cheesy, it's irritating to hear a lovely character like Max talking trash. I know when you are 18 you get to ♥♥♥♥ing swear all the time, I did, still... maybe it's just that adults get nervous when the young do it.Making Episode 1 free was a good move, was staying away from this game but after getting into it I had to buy it and felt stupid for not playing it earlier, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant game. Recommended!There's one thing I'd add to this game, an ending that gets you in a loop to start from the begining."
,Recommended,319630,25295726,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vexon,its lit
76561198168020894,Recommended,319630,17844529,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Harley  Quinn,OK so still have only first episode (need to buy other ones too) but the game is so damn cool i really have not see better story well maybe in tales from the borderlands but this game is i think on level with that game really nice game
,Recommended,319630,18658540,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Yusseiin,And then you say that video games are not art...A MASTERPIECE.10 / 10Episode 1: Is so Immersive.Episode 2: Is so Exciting.Episode 3: Is so Eventful.Episode 4: Is so Breathtaking.Episode 5: Is so PERFECT.Thank You SQUARE ENIX <3
,Recommended,319630,15898185,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MTT,There shouldn't be a single person with a PC who does not own this game. Definitely amazing story  10/10
,Recommended,319630,33652056,Posted: 19 July,all,MI LANA󠀡󠀡,"Here we go!Life is Strange is memorable games you'll ever play and well worth the price.This game really made you wonder throughout the story. One of the best games that I played in long time. Cool character. Max's relationship with Chloe is very well done. The soundtrack is so amazing. (Angus & Julia Stone-Santa Monica Dream) one of my fav soundtrack. The graphic are nice, excellent enviroment, excellent art and the game full of difficult choices, that will make you think a lot. (your choices did matter) The game mechanics is simply, you just have to interact with the environment and solve different puzzles to progress. Sad ending espc the moment when they were at the cemertery. All the feels are overwhelming.﻿now i admit tht you cant change everything in life, even when you got superpower to alter time.p/s : i cant stop myself from press F12 bcs every moment matters :)"
,Recommended,319630,14252703,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,𝓚𝓪𝔂𝓽I❤️𝓮 // JealousKouhai,"This (so far) is probably the best ""click"" adventure game I've played to date.I will be comparing the ""choices"" you make with the likes of Tell Tales ""The Walking Dead"".I don't know about you but I have played a few titles similar to this where I wish I could ""go back"" and change my decision without having to replay the entire game or have to load multiple save points and lose track. Life is Strange does EXACTLY this on the fly.As the player progresses through the game they're presented with options/decisions. Once decided, the option you chose will have an effect on the rest of the games play through. In titles like the walking dead you would get presented with options that don't necessarily turn out the way you would have hoped. An option simply titled ""I think XXX is right"" could turn out to XXX killing someone and you're left going ""NOOOO! I didn't want that to happen!"" With Life is Strange, you can effectively reverse time and change your decision until you're ""satisfied"" about how your game is going.It's truly unreal.I will keep you posted with more as the game progresses!Thank you Dontnod Entertainment!-Kaytie"
,Recommended,319630,14254735,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Shadix,"Episode 1 is now free, becoming the ultimate gateway drug to pure suffering and agony.Its great you should join in on the F U N. TRUST ME. ITS FUN."
,Recommended,319630,18605072,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kazzi,"If you like Point 'n Click games with a nice and cozy story, this is for you!"
,Recommended,319630,15063654,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,KookosPahkina<333221,"I love this game, it's just plainly amazing, can't even describe how amazing it is.I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE EPISODE 3AMAZEBALLS"
,Recommended,319630,14904673,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ladyy Yennefer,"A point & click story game sort of like Telltale's The Walking Dead & The Wolf Among Us. The difference is the ability to rewind and make different decisions, if you want to. However, whatever decisions you do make, Life is Strange will remind you you can change your mind and make you feel guilty for every decision you make. Definitely a unique style with plenty of replay potential.In terms of story, the game starts off innocently enough but snowballs quite heavily. Lots of ""oh my god""s, ""oh hell no""s, and ""what the ♥♥♥♥""s to be had.Can't wait to unfold the rest of the story!"
,Recommended,319630,15904804,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Chuxclub,"Before Life is Strange I thought that no other point n' click could ever be better than Telltale's series The Walking Dead...I was wrong, so wrong...There's still no release date concerning the third season of The Walking Dead and I don't really care.Because all I want after this third episode is to rewind!100/10 I'm a dude and I feel like a teenager again waiting for the next episode!"
,Recommended,319630,20363060,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Alienpope,It will be a while until we get a game as good as this... If only... If only I could play this again for the first time.
,Recommended,319630,18592288,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Deltakilla,"A great game with an amazing story that sucks you right in, well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,319630,18661429,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LuckyCharms,"Life is Strange, simply put, is one of the greatest games I have ever played in my entire life. It captivated me from start to finish and I found my waiting anxiously for the next episode; each one leaving me with my jaw dropped.I wish everyone could play this game, just to experience it in first person. To hold each of the characters close to heart and try your best to help them all.This game makes you make tough descisions and forces you to let go of what you hold on to. Each episode covers this extremely well. Although the story gets a small bit messy, it definitley ties together in a wonderful array of sophistication. Please if you haven't already, play this game."
76561198059022426,Recommended,319630,17703169,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Green,"played first 10 minutescharacter said ""sad face"" out loudelicited enough emotion from me to rage quit10/10"
76561198072738123,Recommended,319630,17734820,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,kurosu_49,"What's there to say? I bought episode one on day one and loved it ever since. With every new episode that came out I loved it more and more. Honestly, there's not a single thing I dislike about this game. I adore the cheesy lines, the atmosphere, the unique graphic style, the nostalgic-melancholic music, and of course, the characters. Especially the characters. Max and Chloe are my favorites and they have such a beautiful friendship that I have to protect them no matter what.I may sound over the top but this is honestly how I feel about the game. It's had such a huge impact on me, more than I would have ever expected and it's made me feel so much that this game is just unforgettable to me. It's definitley a huge favorite of mine and no doubt one of my games of the year of 2015. I can't think of any other game so far this year that I've loved so much besides Life is Strange and The Witcher 3.So I encourage all those who are curious and are on the fence, to give this game a shot. Buy episode 1 and play it. If it leaves you even the slightest bit interested by the end, definitely get the rest of the episodes because it only gets better. And I assure you, this game will be different from any other game you played this year. It's a breath of fresh air from all the shooters, rpgs, and action games that are always crowding the gaming scene. And if you do play, hopefully you'll love it as much as I did."
76561198098425852,Recommended,319630,18589849,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TrashBoi,Im crying...this game is just...the feels...it hurts....im legit crying and i finished the last episode an hour and a half ago....best game ever
,Recommended,319630,18594437,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Salad Guy,Why are you even reading a review? Just buy it.
,Recommended,319630,18629334,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tomato,"Well, it's tough to judge clearly a story that makes you tear up, even for a little bit.Yes, it is a very girly story. Yes, it is kinda hipster. Yes, it is overly romantic in a way that only teenagers are capable for.Apart from all of that, the game itself is actually what Telltale are trying to do this day - it is an interactive story without much gameplay, which you influence at by making your choises. Except Dontnod do that the Right way, and here - oh yes, here all the choises do matter. And on top of that, all the choises feel almost too personal, cause you can't help but fall in love with the characters, and, well, it's their fate that is decided by you.Yes, the graphics is outdated, but is it really important when the characters feel so alive?Yes, this is a teenage drama, but who the hell cares when it is written so bloody good?Yes, you anticipate the final choise well beforehand, but does it matter when it is so beautifully dramatic?I hope Dontnod will continue making games like this one. But god damn it, I really need a break for a day or two now from all the feels."
,Recommended,319630,20671986,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Leviathan//Jumperpants,"This game is one of a kind and worth every moment of time, A game that traps you emotionally, attaching you to its troubles of realities. The only wrong choice you can make is by NOT playing this game."
,Recommended,319630,14260721,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,☢AlieN☢,Beautiful Game! Nothing more to say!
76561198042713223,Recommended,319630,23462265,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nick,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, that was the most surprisingly amazing game I've ever played. Went into it with no expectations, left it feeling like it was one of the best games I've ever experienced, easily.Play this if you're into story games, best one out there."
,Recommended,319630,21931802,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Fockerland,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,319630,22741924,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Wolf,"Life is Strange is a game that I really liked, so you should get it and play it because I liked it since that is how the world is like. I liked it a lot because of the way the game is and how it really like relates to my life and the things that happen in it are almost like the same as my life in reality. Nobody was like telling me to get this game or anything, but my friend was playing this one part in the game that he was really bad at, so I saw some of the main storyline without understanding what was going on in like the game's plot, basically. Then he actually progressed in like the game sort of and got to this one point where there was really this cutscene, I think, and that cutscene was like really what made me get the game even though the outcome of the cutscene was really spoiled for me already. It was like so relateable to my life that I had to experience it for myself and try to play the game for that cutscene. Things were happening in the story and stuff and one part was even able to make me like experience some kind of emotion or something that games today actually do not really do anymore. That's like another way of saying I like felt really sad or something, but I did not like cry or anything because it is just a game, so just trust me on this one. The game did not really like happen in the fashion that I like wanted to, which is both good and bad, because it makes it so that the plot is like not predictable, but it also was like sometimes absurd in a way that I can not really explain and you just have to experience it yourself. You like like the characters that you like and then you like the characters that you do not like and then you do not like the characters that you like and you do not like the characters that you do not like but like that is not always the likely case to be happening in the game, or so it happens to be. Overall, this is a likeable game that you will like because I liked it too so you should get it because that is how the world is like.I recommend that you play this game without reading any other reviews, because mine totally like explains how good the game is so you do not need anyone else's recommendation, okay? I also recommend that you do not look up anything about the game before playing through it. There are so many moments that are spoilable so be careful and listen to my advice, okay? Okay!"
,Recommended,319630,23418473,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Anonymous_,Seriously one of the best games (I ever played). Must play for casual players.You feel the story. It is so intense. I hope there will be game like this in the future. Sadly there is not at this moment...Just buy it. You won't regret it!
76561198085187299,Recommended,319630,22214647,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Piepsznik ^^,Best game ever <3
,Recommended,319630,23099488,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,PhysX | Chub,"An amazing game, fantasically made, spectacular storyline, and is key to make the right decisions! Choose wisely!"
,Recommended,319630,22643741,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Little Jacob,"I never thought I'd play a game where I actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥so much.Buy at your own peril, it creates a lot of feels."
,Recommended,319630,22933686,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,trebo,"This game was the best I have ever played in my entire life.I really love those Story Heavy games where I can make my own choices, I really get into those kinds of games.Life is Strange has changed my life. I can only advise you to buy the game. It is a Steal for 20€, you get 5 Episodes which only get better the farther you progress.It has an incredible replay value and has still got me hooked.I was really able to identify with the characters and really felt their emotions and was able to do what I would do if I were them.I have finished my first playthrough within 2 sessions. It took 13 Hours to finish the game. I sat down and played for 6 hours straight until I went to bed. The next day I thought I'd play another hour and then go to bed. I found myself at 7 am  sitting in my chair after I finished the game.It will really f*ck with your brain and leave you question yourself.After you finished the game, listen to thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW25Po5nwQsIt doesnt contain any spoilers you would understand unless you played the game or knew the plot, so you can watch it beforehand as well, but I still wouldnt advise you to do so.TLDR:This game is lifechanging and absolutely worth the buy if you love story heavy games which you can relate to."
,Recommended,319630,22995369,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sano,Reminds me of Butterfly effect but with a different perspective and universe.10/10 you need to buy this masterpeice
76561198118992898,Recommended,319630,23127468,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Profile,Best . Game . Ever .
,Recommended,319630,14572139,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,raidi,"This is an interesting one, and I'm hesitant to even cover it yet. I really feel like Squenix has a diamond in the rough here, but to delve too far into my reasoning would effectively spoil the plot. I'll keep this brief.This game is a treat, no doubt, but the real judgements will be made after the final episodes to the story where we see the true impacts of the game's suprisingly non-cliche time bending mechanic and also the lasting results of our gameplay decisions, which the developer has promised will be largely influential.Still, while I recommend checking the title out when a sale comes along, I feel that it's too early to give a rating on what was essentially the trailer or pilot episode."
,Recommended,319630,15941542,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,jungle.james,"I am splitting this review into two sections for illustrative effect.This adventure game is so random and EPIC. XDIt is awesomesauce.When an episode is over I'm all like, shitballs!I have a hella fun time rewinding my decisions and uncovering the plot. It's the protagonist's ""bubble-hearth"" trick.OK, now to the seriousness; if you find that the above mock review irritates you, I'd stay away. While the choices offered so far (I am three episodes in) seem to matter more than in TellTale adventure games, the setting feels artificial. One could even say forced without it being hyperbole.The game has everything -- the issue of suicide, daddy issues, social dynamics among adolescent peers, chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm's ""strange attractors"" -- but it does not have authenticity, at least in my view. Despite this, the presentation makes up for the angst and empty teenage rebellion.n.b. Chloe's aposematically blue-tinged hair and ""SJW"" antics may also bother the emergent reactionaries of our current era as well."
,Recommended,319630,25101304,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Remco32,"The Walking Dead: Season One has been overthrown as the best story-focused, decisions-matter game.It starts out in a pretty comfortable high school setting, where you play a photography student named Max. Episode one tricks you into thinking this is just a somewhat generic high school drama with a twist: Max can go back in time, limited to a few minutes in the past.The game then starts throwing twists at you, making the emotional rollercoaster that this game is really take of. I won't bother delving further into the story, as it is something you do not with to have spoiled.Please note that episodes are no longer purchasable on their own, which results in there being spoilers in the screenshots on the storepage.The artstyle is amazing. It looks like a water painting that is intractable. I've been taking more screenshot than the protagonist was taking photographs.The setting is done amazingly as well. There's a lot of teenage drama going on that fits really well and comes across to me as realistic. It is easy to wander around on the campus or in the school. It is really lively, filled with objects to inspect closer, making the game truly come alive.The characters are all feel realistic, acting like people with their background in their situation would do.The soundtrack is another thing that fits so, so well. It brings this game to another level once more.A minor issue is that the lipsyncing is wrong at quite some times. Which is the only real issue I can find with the game.It is also worth mentioning that the game takes some inspiration from the movie 'The Butterfly Effect'. It is wise to try to put that out of your mind while playing it, because there are similarities that can make certain plot points predictable.Something this game does that makes it stand miles above TWD is that the dilemmas and twists are done much better. Where the only trick TWD has is forcing you to decide between two characters living and dying, LIS is much more varied and way more unexpected.This is one of the best pieces of media I have ever consumed and can recommend it to all. Life is Strange is a masterpiece and a hallmark in videogames."
,Recommended,319630,14524182,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,☾☆ Ulû'l Emr ☆☽,"ENGLISHAmazing and spectacular.I another while playing the game, I don't remember enjoying.I finished the game twice.I'm looking forward to the second episode.I'm almost done %100 Turkish Language Patch for Episode 1.The second chapter comes out again, I'll turn into Turkish.10/10 with me taking a full score.(I'm sorry. My English is a little bad.)TURKISHİnanılmaz ve mükemmel ötesi.Başka bir oyunu oynarken, bu kadar zevk aldığımı hatırlamıyorum.Oyunu iki kere bitirdim.İkinci bölümü sabırsızlıkla bekliyorum.Birinci bölümün %100 Türkçe yamasını bitirmek üzereyim.İkinci bölüm çıkar çıkmaz, yine Türkçeye çevireceğim.10/10 ile benden tam puan alıyor."
,Recommended,319630,14436985,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,leo,Um dos melhores jogos que eu pude jogar nos últimos meses. Mal posso esperar pelos próximos episódios.
,Recommended,319630,14243750,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Shonicss4,"I watered a plant,*This action will have consequences*But seriously the game so far has a very interesting story that has me wanting to know more. There are a lot of small tid bits that seem like they go much deeper and you feel like you want to know. The time power helps get a lot of infomation as well.The only problem so far is lip syncing, but I can get past that.10/10 would water plant again."
,Recommended,319630,32780523,Posted: 25 June,all,Scorpion wins,Games like this makes me proud of being a videogamer
,Recommended,319630,20134522,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[SVK]RedBull | Knives2Keys.com,JUST SIMPLE AWESOME! :)
,Recommended,319630,17694307,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,bubble muffins,really big cliff hanger on episode 4...6969/69
,Recommended,319630,23333481,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,No ketchup,"I won\'t go into details, I\'m not very used to open up or share emotions, but this game kinda saved my life. Now you assume whatever you want out of that."
,Recommended,319630,22752929,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,arim,"If you're searching for a game with a great story and atmosphere, i think Life is Strange is the perfect game for you.You really get attached to the characters and the environment.It has a great unique style and is for sure the best game i have played so far."
,Recommended,319630,18596078,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,facusito,You just had to go full lesbian instead of going full pretentious.
,Recommended,319630,32758632,Posted: 24 June,all,BridgetFisher,"At its core this game is a mystery game more than a walking simulator.  Great for mystery vets who pay attention to everything in the world around them.   While still being forgiving to players who arent walking Sherlock's due to the gameplay features that allow you to figure anything out one way or the other without having to care about anything in the game.  It is not an action game, but a story driven game similar to a telltale game with its choice mechanics.The dialog and social dynamics as a slice of Americana are as real as can be like stepping into a modern Norman Rockwell painting.  The people feel real without that forced dialog or forced morality choices of other games.  No useless dialog preaching to the player makes this game a great choice for some real world escapism.  Outside the main characters, if there is a side character they can be interacted with or just ignored much like real life.  From the very start to the very end the same thing is there, no matter what changes, some things will always be there.For any gamer looking to break up the monotony of same gaming, this can fill that gap.  Game can probably be completed in a couple sessions if just play right through like a rebel with no looking back.  If want to explore then there is alot of minutia to explore all excellently crafted fitting a real world setting which few if any games ever pull off.    Since the game can be completed quickly it has decent replayability to explore other options or just revisiting the world.Being a story driven game makes it difficult to describe anything without spoilers.  Never bought into spoilers changing enjoyment a game, but google is a step away to get them.  Like anything in life even with spoilers of knowing what can happen, its always better to experience it than let life pass you by even if you know the final line or that crazy plot twist since its about the ride, not the destination.Rating for Mystery Game Fans: 11/10 Value: $24.99Rating Non Mystery Game Fans:  9/10  Value:  $19.99(Anything under $9.99 shouldnt leave any regrets....)"
,Recommended,319630,18639417,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Skullzcrusherz,i like this game beoz it got alot of differnt thing going on it a game i called my ADHD  *which i have * some is easy some if very hard   if you like mystery and weord ness choas you love this game  the story line is good just dont gwet to close to it  (many feel it depressing) whick oi also have but it not it a get in and think and play  really i dint find anything i dont lick bout it *it a me and my son play together  game it very cool ioif you havbe a partner  playing it  rember this >>study count and always bein a search mode  we up to starting  the 3rd one   i think  that this game slow  look for many signs  and have fun with it
,Recommended,319630,34725764,Posted: 3 September,all,altu {WEMP},"Best game series I played in awhile, on par with Telltale's episodic games. You play as teenage girl in a university who stumbles upon a sort of time-travel power. You must use this new power to help friends and gain an advantage along the way in your adventure.The game relies on your choices throughout the duration of gameplay up to the final scene, however, which is a two choice ending that do not impact on your choices made during the game.9/10-Excellent Story-Interesting Characters-Excellent Voice Acting-Pretty graphics style-Nice musicA must buy and a must play."
,Recommended,319630,34248650,Posted: 14 August,all,Vejita,"What can I say, it is great. Anything that makes my cold heart feel emotions is a good thing."
,Recommended,319630,16747633,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Shaft,"This game changed my lifeStill Waiting for episode 4 & 5Update:wow.... thats what i can say..DontNod studios thank you for making great game.the end of the story....just... wow.... truly shcok.. too much feelings to describe the ending..Gonna Be GOTY, verifed.amazing gameplay.amazing indie music.amazing story.10/10.this is A perfect game."
,Recommended,319630,14245839,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,【Silhouettes】,"After you finish the first episode, you'll want to find your BFF; grab them and proceed to hug the poo out of them and with a firm grip, you'll spin them around all over the place until you're both dizzy and fall into bed together."
,Recommended,319630,15897292,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sleazy,"Simply a MASTERPIECE, immersive like no others, worths every cent.You MUST play this. Do it."
,Recommended,319630,19196462,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[NoMvM ]Bubble,"10/10. Probably the best Point and Click butterfly effect game I've ever played. Feels is strong with this one, just like Macho Mann Randy Savage would say ""OHH YEAHH."" If you haven't checked out this game yet, you should.  Best 19,99€ I've ever spent."
,Recommended,319630,14326167,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Danial Sanger,I can't say anything.This game is freaking awesome with good story and art.GG best game so far I purchased to waste my time!
,Recommended,319630,31946379,Posted: 24 May,all,Charlie 5 Lives,"Music: 10/10Storyline: 10/10Graphics: 8/10 (lip sync is weird, but eh, whatever, the storyline did better than graphics ever can)Characters: 10/10Difficulty: Pretty difficult, since it forces you to choose between your thoughts and Max's thoughts.Setting: 10/10Playing with emotions: You're kidding, right?I got the first episode when it was free, then got the other episodes near Christmas sale because I'm that kind of gamer. Each episode got sadder and sadder as I progressed, not to mention stressful as hell. The amount of plot twists is decent, and unexpected as they should be.While things like watering your plant and talking to people seem weird or funny for actions having consequences, it will matter. There are many obvious actions, and twice as many subtle. You will expect to see yourself screaming at your screen or most likely shedding one tear that may or may not escalate to hundreds. So keep tissues and notify anyone in your house why you have tissues near your computer.If you're into games where decision making is crucial to the storyline, this game fits in perfectly. Overall, I'm excited that Dontnod is making a sequel, and I can't wait to continue the story, or start a new one. Whatever they have planned.I'm currently trying to hold in all tears after finishing the game."
,Recommended,319630,15081126,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,1k ping,"a highschool detective drama with temporal lesbians, what more could you want?"
,Not Recommended,319630,34320403,Posted: 17 August,all,valhakun,"As you can see, this is astory-based game. I'm one of the last few gamers on the planet, who prefer a single player game over almost anything else. I almost don't play online, and on those rare occasions when I do, it usually ends up being a 30-40 minute session. So yeah, I enjoy a relaxed, one-handed gaming experience after a long day. This game should be up my alley, right?Life is Strangehas one thing to do right. It doesn't have to have the greatest visuals (and it doesn't). And if some performance issues pop up (they do), they can be forgiven. The sound design doesn't have to be great (eh...), the atmosphere might not be very captivating (it's actually alright), and the overall production value should fall in line with the price (all fair there). Butthe story- this is something the game has to nail. You may not personally relate to the story - that's fine - you don't have to like it. And I did, I truly did want to like the story, once the premise was established. But the game failed me profoundly by quickly ruining thesinglecore principle the entire gameplay is built upon, and then proceeding to break its own rules ALL THE TIME. ""You had one job...""The game ends up being a mediocre experience - for what seemingly aims to be an interactive series, it is poorly written, unpolished, and resolves the story in an uderwhelming way(s). Can't seriously recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,23435182,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Porfavor,David is life Davis is love 💕
,Recommended,319630,14281427,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lehkeri,"Very pleasantly surpised by this game, even when I had high expectations following the announcements. The ""time travel"" aspect is well made and it works like a charm. The voice acting is good for the most part, though some character's voices are a bit off, in my opinion. Graphical style is in the same vein as in Telltale's Game of Thrones, it look quite nice. I think this game will age well.All in all, the first episode is a great experience and I can't wait to play the rest of the season. Dontnod entertainment, thank you for making this game.Totally recommended."
,Recommended,319630,16634565,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,stubar,"So, I played through the first three episodes on Life is Strange and it has so many extremely strong points : superb character development, realistic creepy atmospheric town, nice art style complimented by excellent use of lighting and an incredible story.Unfortunately, some of the puzzles are cumbersome (e.g stumble about collecting 5 empty bottles) but on the other hand some of the puzzles which involve using your abilities can be quite awesome.  There is a lot to look at within the world and a lot of it won't progress the game, but there for the purpose of increasing the world immersion.  At times, checking all the items can feel a bit frustrating as most of the game is fairly slow-paced.  Some of the cut scenes I'd recommend to treat as if you are watching a movie, grab some popcorn or snacks and relax.  Make sure you're in the mood to swap between the tasks of watching and playing.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=467114369Having said this, this is the only critism I can make, but it is one that lessened my immersion within the game at certain points.  Certainly not ruined it though.The strong points I previously mentioned hold together a fine piece of art that occasionaly plods along, but mostly has me believing this twin-peaks type game-world really exists!The last part of episode three was really fantastic, and now I get to wait like 3 weeks or so for the next episode.  I can't really wait.I thoroughly enjoyed and rated The Walking Dead S1.  I think Life is Strange could be on a par with TWD S1.  I will wait until I have played all episodes to call this though :)"
,Recommended,319630,33954406,Posted: 1 August,all,FazLa;,One of the best games I`ve ever played!
,Not Recommended,319630,18578843,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,beep,"Welp, was that a huge waste of potential."
76561198052555059,Recommended,319630,14283800,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Michlbert,"This game actually let's you repeat choices through time travelling, which is a very intersting mechanic, but which does not take away that fun, because no choice is either good or bad. Most of the time choices are simply grey and you have to decide for yourself if it was a good one or not.Looking forward to the next episodes!"
76561197976784116,Recommended,319630,14290161,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Braage,"I was hooked from the beginning to the end. This is an fantastic story driven game! I strongly recommend it. If you like the walking dead games, then you will like this aswel.. Now i just can't wait to get the rest of the story."
,Recommended,319630,14238559,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,一番キツネ,"finally i can play a grill, that game is beautiful.10/10 would photograph againEDIT:Episode 2. WHAT JUST HAPPEND?! MY MIND IS BLOWN. B E S T GAME E V E R.Edit2:Episode 3: what the ♥♥♥♥ have i DONE ♥♥♥♥. HOlY♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit3:Episode 4: i mean... that was unexpected i guess, that was some crazy cliffhanger... i think this game is my GOTY so far, cant wait for episode 5, FASTER PLS.Edit4:Episode 5... okay. that was the WORST episode by far IMO, but still ♥♥♥♥ING Awesome.... yea... ♥♥♥♥... just play it i cant spoil it"
,Recommended,319630,14234827,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wolfu,"Just finished the first episode, I absolutely love this game, it reminds me of Beyond 2 souls, I love these types of games and I wish there were hundreds of these, game developers should focus on the story like this. If you are debating about buying it, it's worth every penny.Rock on!"
76561198067453646,Recommended,319630,14510243,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sunset Shurbert #21,One of the best eposatic games i have ever played ~this game ♥♥♥♥s with your head man
,Recommended,319630,16299299,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,z3ta,"Beautiful, well composed. If you are an artistic person I can only recommend it. This game isn't about rushing along with it and then quit. When I was playing, I didn't realised the line between the game and my actual being here. The atmosphere and the chill it gives, you can almost imagine it like you were the main character in this story. Just like when you sit down next to a tree and think about your stuff, get lost in time. That's why I'm starting to get obsessed with this game, The warmth, the extensive range of colors, the relaxing and amazing soundtracks, the feelings you get, these are the things that make this game so awesome."
,Recommended,319630,19483108,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,razor041291,Impressive story! Must BUY
,Recommended,319630,24799541,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NameLess,love it so far
,Recommended,319630,16918411,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Windshock,TENOUTTATEN
,Recommended,319630,29513846,Posted: 26 January,all,Diego,"“When you water your plant and it says “This action will have consequences”, you know♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real.”"
76561198072892311,Recommended,319630,19836723,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,APTX-4869,Simply amazing
76561198101146258,Recommended,319630,27485479,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kruschtya,One of the best game i played a long ago.
,Recommended,319630,18666472,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,XXIV Rayne,"I just finished episode 5, and I am lost in thought. This game captures emotions that I have never seen portrayed in any media before. Everything appears simple and straight forward... but actually changes every detail about your experience. Even if something doesn't change the game structurally, it can make it feel like such a different story; it's like you've created a different reality. Such small details come to light. You can tell that this game was created by some brilliant minds who truly understand what makes a game so special and, at times, devastating; a perfect blend of light and dark to make a beautiful story. This game gracefully takes the position as the best game I have ever played and I am truly sad to see it end. Au revoir."
,Recommended,319630,15346855,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,President Jack,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. So many decisions to be made with so many consequences, and there's no right or wrong.Gotta love Square Enix."
,Recommended,319630,28999003,Posted: 3 January,all,LosingHope,"I feel kind of silly reviewing a game that's obviously well-loved, but I feel like this is my appreciation post for the game makers and developers.Life is Strange kept me up until 5 in the morning. It entertained me, it made me invested in the characters' lives, and, heck, it made me feel like I got an amazing deal for it (bought all episodes at half price during the Summer Sale of 2016).Most of all, it made me feel.9/10 would play this again (the other 1 is for when I don't have enough tissues to dry my tears up)."
76561198287005873,Recommended,319630,30112026,Posted: 22 February,all,SkyRunner626,"A great narrative that you play as a high school girl with super powers... How about that? Great graphics and good story telling. The game is similar to the telltale games. You make choices throughout the game play and your choices effect the story (Only a minor extent, you cannot change the basic flow).The story was intriguing. It remind me of  a Japanese Anime calledSteins Gate. You are a timeline shifter and you jump between time lines to save people you care. Eventually found out that you ♥♥♥♥ed up time totally.Then you need to choose between accepting your fate or make the change with great scarifiesI do recommend this game to young-aged gamers who want something to play other than CSGO or overwatch. But for old-aged gamers... this game... the story is a little too... young... and Chuunibyou..."
76561198100499100,Recommended,319630,15129422,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,gucci mane,"Life is Strange is a incredible, story driven episodic game. It's an emotional roller-coaster, with every second spent in the game, another idea, theory, or level of wonder is uncovered. With the magic and possibility of this game, the darkness seeps through in every part of it.The only (minor) mistake I would note is that the dialogue is occasionally dumbed down to appeal to a certain audience, and that the gameplay is slightly choppy, depending on your processor.This game is essentially about ethics and semantics. Someone who can change time to fix their mistakes, and make everyone like them and make themselves perfect, isn't default the ""good guy."" Every mistake brings a question, every question make it gut-wrenching to leave the game, anxious to get back into the questionable world of Arcadia.Overall, 9.5/10. One of the best games of 2015, and I look forward to see if it can become something huge."
,Recommended,319630,20203974,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Neo,"After playing video games over over a quarter of a century, I have to say this is among the best ever made. Great artistic choices all over. The story is very well written, the characters have a certain depth and realism you don't see very often, in places the voice acting goes from good to incredible, the soundtrack and graphical style really help create a cohesive aesthetic, and the camera angles, panning shots and overall 'cinematography' are amazing. Some of the scenes are just shining artistic mastery. As a writer, photographer and film student this game speaks to me on many levels.When the game ended, I left feeling forlorn because I'm so invested in the characters I don't want to say goodbye. I know that feeling can be confused by unsophisticated people (to be quite frank, if pretentious) as an indication of incompleteness or poor writing. There are many people who disagree with the ending, but those people are failing to realize that for all the same reasons they criticize the ending to this game, they may as well criticize the ending to their own real lives. The choices you make don't always lead to the ends you want. Life may not always happen to your satisfaction, nor even the way you expect it to. Life is strange."
76561198131783870,Recommended,319630,14313729,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Respawn,"if your unsure about the game buy the first episode. And if you like it get the rest of them.if you don't well it only something like £4.00 so you haven't spent too much.But if your a fan of telltale games, e.g. walking dead, i think you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,319630,29773917,Posted: 7 February,all,neptr,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. I felt so many different emotions after finishing it, I loved it so much. Thank you DONTNOD for this one of a kind journey.p.s. chloe + max 4ever <3"
76561198095263075,Recommended,319630,27020688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sour Shake,if you are going to buy get the season pass. the first episode isnt even close to the rest of the game. An experience to remember
,Recommended,319630,17920705,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JennEleven,When i got to the end of the 4th episode my mum asked if i was okay...I was not okay.
,Recommended,319630,18652313,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nice!,"An episodic story-telling game that will take you on an emotional rollercoaster.I certainly had one of the most perfect gaming experiences playing this game, through the journey of the game i was at the edge of my seat, gripping my chair, waiting in anticipation to see if the story plays out the way i wanted it to with the choices i made, which it did, all the time. In every step of the way this game displayed it's amazing and unique characters with solid character development that made sense.I played this game in one sitting from episode 1 to episode 5, i never felt a dull moment, as all the talking in the game builds the story and the characters.The ending left me in tears. This game will leave you emotionally devasted (unless you areedgy)A close to perfect game 8.5/10(That's a hugely possitive remark from me, i'm quite critical)"
,Recommended,319630,19203460,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,fragface,"This game is a single players dream. From great characters, to atmosphere, to unforgettable moments and a story that will pull you through the episodes it was an incredible ride. Well the game is not a technical wonder or does something totally new but it does everything in all aspects of a game right. I have a very good time with it and highly recommend it! Enjoy!"
76561198133723623,Recommended,319630,19167921,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,mutzy,amazing! telltale games are nothing compared to this. epic story line can't wait for  season 2
76561198018146174,Recommended,319630,19167354,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Deus Velox Nex,"This game is simply art! I have been playing a lot of games and this one is on my top 10 list of must play games. Its a ""Telltale"" game and nothing like the games I am usually into, but this game blew my mind. The atmosphere, the story, the chices you have to make, the details is unbeliveable! Check it out!"
76561198054523440,Recommended,319630,16032671,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,deadz,"Best game I've ever played. Amazing soundtrack, great cliffhangers and the main characters are pure love. Awesome, makes you feel like if you were really IN the game. Congrats 2 DONTNOD devs. I highly recommend this masterpieceeee <3."
76561198028079214,Recommended,319630,30530473,Posted: 15 March,all,Deimos,Life Is Strange is a decent game to play when you're waiting for a better game to come out or are bored. The game is easy to understand and has no real learning curve.Good Points1) Good story.2) Easy to play.3) Time travel.4) Arsenal.Bad points1) Teenage girly crap.2) Hint of SJW/Feminist development.3) Story sometimes drags on.4) Arsenal.5) Some dull game characters.6) Manchester united.
,Recommended,319630,30609554,Posted: 19 March,all,[SFW]Matrovska,"This game is perfect, i have lots of memories on this game.I feel sad about you Chloe, i'm really sorry to sacrifice you at the end after couple times i saved you in the past and always at your back to protect you, i didnt let other people hurt you because I do care about you.Chloe you will always in my heart, love you <3Worth to buy 10/10Story 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,16344631,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AyalaNaylo,"Rich story that takes your choices in account, doesn't ""abandon"" simplicity for overflowing supernatural even though it's supernatural-themed - hence it always stays relatable and relevant, characters are not archetypes of good / bad / anti-hero etc. even Max.Also mythology, humour, dialog, voice acting, music and ost - all is hella great."
76561197973941823,Recommended,319630,14671715,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Arkwright,It is nice to see this type of game from someone other than telltale.
,Recommended,319630,30492022,Posted: 13 March,all,Sin,"Max & Chloe“Max,don't you forget about me...” “Never ”"
,Recommended,319630,18587626,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Buseira,"Life Is Strange.  A game that has exceeded my expectations back when I hit the buy button for all five episodes.  It was a game that I found out about, read the reviews for, and in the end...again I wasn't disappointed.  If you enjoy a game with meaningful choice making ( not the junk that most choice based game give you these days )  with a very compelling and powerful story, and maybe a knack for loving alot of characters.  Play this game.  You won't be disappointed.  I felt bipolar at times when playing this game, and started to analyze situations more than I usually would.  This game has taught me to really embrace ""Your Actions Will Have Consequences"".  And I cannot thank Dontnod enough for this experience."
76561198133749059,Recommended,319630,19122485,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ShadowCrawler65,Amazing game loved it alot
76561198071307351,Recommended,319630,30606166,Posted: 18 March,all,Tbsp,"It's like telltale, but better."
,Recommended,319630,19101837,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Glitch Bitch,Prepare for feels.
,Recommended,319630,19079198,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MetaphorTheGreat,"With an amazing soundtrack, interesting concept and story, likeable characters and a melancholy feel to it, it's pretty hard for this game to go wrong.Buy this game if you want to feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
76561198196680106,Recommended,319630,29347416,Posted: 18 January,all,CamTheClam,10/10Great game a roller coaster of events and so intriguing that you dont want to stop.
,Recommended,319630,19221537,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dr. Happydeath,"Intense,"
,Recommended,319630,18581357,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheBigBoss666,"This is by far the best choice driven game ever released, even surpassing The Walking Dead season one, which says a lot.Telltale, as much as I love you, you've got to watch out, DONTNOD Entertainment is coming...I can't wait for more from DONTNOD.*SPOILER ALERT*This game made me cry like a baby, even more than the ending of TWD 1 and will probably make you cry too..."
76561198089353027,Recommended,319630,19248183,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Davdav909,this game moved me enough to write my first review ever and I mean the first. Its just not something I do. I honestly hope they make a secound one just as good if not better and if anyone didnt like this game you can honestly go take your preferance in games and shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,319630,19075686,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TheMaxrevv,"A game that made me reminisce of being a hormonal teenager, clutching my tinkles at the sight of the nearest breathing female.Enough about tinkles.The premise of time travel is cleverly implemented to the game's storyline and the characters are relatable and has depth to their personality and attitude. The theme songs are perfect. ""To All of You"" was perfect on its timing and enviroment.Enjoyed all episodes, but didn't really liked Episode 5, as the ending felt a bit of a downer. However, this is a personal opinion and looking at it subjectively, the choices were logical and made a lot of feels. Wished we've could've met Rachel Amber tho.Highly recommended for gamers who just want to take a step back from aggressive FPS and delve into a well-written story with characters you love and love to hate. And it has time travel! Who doesn't like time travel?! (If done properly, of course)"
76561198059112644,Recommended,319630,16631874,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Reptilmannen,Worth every penny. 10/10
76561198019631027,Recommended,319630,15123869,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LaceyM,"This game is different than all other adventure game ever made.It is not based on puzzle-cinematic-puzzle-cinematic walkthrough. Gameplay is much more dynamic. All other characters are not stay at a corner to wait you to solve next puzzle. You don't spend all your time while searching a piece, even if you do, you discover lots of amazing details about the game. Also environment is not stagnant, it's alive! Even watching the sunset is a special experience. Relationship between characters are observable. Purpose of dialogs is not just there to tell you the story. They also really tell you about the characters' interior worlds. When Max talks with Chloe in her room, or at the Two Whales, you fell really a warm talk of two old friends.The one more thing make this game special is personage of Max. She's not just a tool of player to play game. For example, In Walking Dead, we have really connected with Clementine. But how about Lee? He was just like a dummy. His feeling was too staright. We all guess what will he do. We learned about his past, his feelings about Clementine but not really his inside world. Game left us his personality to us but did not give a real chance to shape it. He was just a weak tool to protect Clementine.However Max is different. She is not only there to let us discover other things about game. She is also there to let us discover her own world. She is a living person!And finally musics, they're great. You should find the sountracks on spotify and listen them after you finished current episodes. Also there're lots of details and theories really interesting on YouTube. Have a look at them."
,Recommended,319630,18081773,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Yoona,"Opens steam store.Life is Strange is on sale.Looks it up.Reads review.Got curious what's so special about it, buys episode 1.Damn, got hooked. Buys 2-5 episodes.Finishes episode 4, the feels man.There is no way to describe how perfectly the game is made. Wonderful story, characters, soundtrack and visuals. This game is played out based on your decisions and there is no easy one, I tell ya. OneHELLAgame it is.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18127283,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ʲᵘˢᵗ ᵖᵉᵃᶜʰʸ,ouch </3
76561198119411662,Recommended,319630,27471598,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,malek,The feels hit me like an airplane in this game... 11/10
76561198181342663,Recommended,319630,27471811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,donnieliza,BEST GAME EVER!!!!TRUST ME NO REGERTS!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,18579634,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ThePianoGuy,"This comment is on the 5th episode (no spoilers)Holy jesus.... this episode is definitely the most intense yet, it goes from wtf to why????? so many timesThe story is just.... wow. If you thought the choices in the first 4 episodes were tough, you are in for a surpriseLipsyncing is still crap though"
76561198067239670,Recommended,319630,29128974,Posted: 8 January,all,Tressoli,More than a simple masterpieceI don't even have to give you a reason.I don't even need to convince you.Just play Life is Strange.DO IT.- Suns
,Recommended,319630,18601239,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dap-dap-di-di-die߷,"One of the best game I've played this year, the storytelling in this game easily outranks that of telltale. If you enjoy storybased games and also your decision mattering until episode 4 then I recommend this definately, the ending could have EASILY been improved to tie up the loose ends but maybes there's just enough loose ends for a DLC?We can only hope"
,Recommended,319630,15061687,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TIMUEL,.... the story is so good ....
,Recommended,319630,15713354,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cyrmes,"Interesting plot, great character development, nice art style, and a well thought out game.Recommended for fans of story driven games.EDIT: After playing the four episodes that are currently available, I 100% recommend this title. The character development and plot is outstanding and the way the game is set out based on your decisions really makes it feel like ""your story"". If you are considering it, BUY IT."
76561197967192328,Recommended,319630,27998549,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paladin,Check this out if you're interested in a good story and a game with a mystery/melancholy vibe. It has some replay value since you'll be interested in the outcome of other paths you might have taken. Since I was interested in a good story I loved it.
,Recommended,319630,15214854,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,sc00bie pern,Amazing game!
,Recommended,319630,29474253,Posted: 24 January,all,maxar,"This game is indescribable, Except through experience"
76561198058010148,Recommended,319630,19717444,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Peter Chambers,I've never played a game that makes you feel so... Strange.I can say this is one of the greatest games I've ever played in my life.Things that you will find if you play this game:1. A lot of emotions.2. You're in control of everything and every choice.3. You regreat or enojoy the choice you made.4. A lot of tears.Enjoy!
,Recommended,319630,16772265,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Woco,"Sidenote: This review was written when only 3/5 episodes were released.This game is something rather unique to me, having never played any telltale games before.Life Is Strange is the game were your choices do matter,and the game will reward you/make you feel sorry for the choices you have made.First of all, the story (first three episodes) in this game is simply amazing.Second, the music is amazing too.Third, character development. This game has it covered.The visuals are unique too, but I am a huge fan of the artstyle.At the end of each episode, you can also see what other people have chosen, which is amazing.If you like collecting achievements, this game also has that covered for you,in each episodes there are certain (hidden) things you can photograph for achievements.Having just finished the first three episodes at the time of writing this,I have a strong urge to play through this game again and handle things differently.For everyone who likes to experience a story by playing through it,I highly recommend this game to you, and if you're not yet sure whether it is worth your money,just pick it up during a sale (just like I ended up doing)."
,Recommended,319630,18811612,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[TW]LupaTheKilla,"Best game I had in 2015 and a very memorable experience. 9.9/10 (0.1 cuz of ending)Potential Spoiler Alert (?) DON'T READ IF YOU WANT TO WALK INTO THE DARK, BUT READ IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A REALLY REALLY VAGUE IDEASimple VersionLife is Strange is like a cake. The cake looks amazing. In fact, the cake is amazing. However, as you are about it finish the cake, it began to taste a bit bitter, but it is still acceptable. Finally, you finished that cake, you are not sure whether you want another or not. Like I said before, it is amazing, and it is still amazing.Not so simple versionI personally played the game twice (about to play it again lol), it is an amazing game. I like the art style, the humor, and the story. However, I don't like the ending (I don't dislike it either), it is special as in non-mainstream. Sometimes I like things that are mainstream, like how fairy tales end well (i.e. mainstream), but Life is Strange offer really tough decisions. You will see how they lead you to the ending, and they want you to go through a guilt trip for either decisions.Sorry if I made some grammar mistakes, second language lol"
,Recommended,319630,28404407,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mckenna10085,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ just got around to playing this game and all I can say is wow. This game genuinely kicked my♥♥♥♥♥emotionally. At the end, I had a lump in my throat for the first time in years. Never since Lee in Walking Dead Season 1 and Dom in Gears of War 3 had I been this emotional after a game.Like all other episodic games, there is the 'illusion of choice' but that does not bother me too much as long as the story keeps me invested and immersed and it did. It really makes what Telltale do childish and I love the Telltale series of games. But this story and graphics blew it out of the water.The characters are all well written and makes you care for every character, except the villain. But I felt that the dialouge was a little too much and OTT. Some very 'cringey' lines in the game, but overall I did not mind it too much and for some characters it was fitting. Which made the choices very hard as you will realise.Overall, I recommend this game to everyone who loves great stories, time travel and the butterfly effect. The writing, story, gameplay are all amazing. Not to mention the music. One of the best music soundtracks of all time. I can not do this game justice with words, just try it out."
,Recommended,319630,14485998,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Uguu~~mon,It's fun to play with little girls. AS!* AS* ......... with....*
,Recommended,319630,17741343,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,snekes 🐍,The best episodic game I've ever played
,Recommended,319630,17602996,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Fornad,"This is probably the most profound game I've ever played.It explores themes that you wouldn't imagine a video game could do justice to, without becoming preachy or overbearing. Its characterisation is spot on, story gripping, and choices absolutely meaningful. If I were to make any criticism of this game, it would be that the dialogue (especially in the first episode) - it can be a little janky and unrealistic. You get used to it fairly quickly though, especially as you become engaged in the story.All this combined with one of the best soundtracks in recent memory truly creates an absolutely unforgettable experience. Play this game, and be a better person for it."
,Recommended,319630,17624304,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Edrougen,Best game I have EVER played. 1000000000000000/10
,Recommended,319630,17755342,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Prince Berkut,seriously play this gamenot kiddinglook me in the eyes and play this damn gametruly a great piece
,Recommended,319630,17644902,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Brother Sharp,*Note:  Only Episode 1 so far*Wow. Amazing.  Once I play them all I'll write a decent review but so far I can say that this has been one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198070463454,Recommended,319630,16486742,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AAbattery22,Wish more people knew about this game. Such a great story easy to get into.
76561197977410928,Recommended,319630,16979565,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Eu4ia,"Well this is a peacefull game,you can lay back and enjoy a nice story.The music is pretty nice if you like those older songs and they are really nicely merged with the scenes.The concept of the game is to have you make many choices that`ll suit or hunt you during the game,since i have only episode 1,the consequences are related to the other episodes,but its a great concept cause if done right it can get a really good story and its replayable many times.The graphics aint that awesome,they`re good but you dont play this game for that.The downside is that the game is pretty short,i mean the 1st episode at least,so i wouldnt suggest a full price worth for it."
,Recommended,319630,14432375,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,ＣＹＢＥＲＢＡＫＡ,Best game from square enix.1/10
76561198081797372,Recommended,319630,17278121,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,XBryanz,Great game all around. i only play Fifa and league of legends but thought this game looked interesting. i bought the first episode and finished it in 3 hours. i loved every minute of it and instantly bought 2-5. the story is great so far and kept me wanting more.
,Recommended,319630,17260911,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Reagan Rayden,"This game makes me wish I had the power to reverse time. Once you figure out that the choices you make in the game actually matter it becomes a game of click goddamned everything and talk to everyone about everything, but doing so feels so rewarding when the payoff comes around.Life is Strange gives me that feeling like I'm playing an old point-and-click adventure game with a 3D mix. Solving the puzzles isn't hard as you can just reverse time at any point once you are given the ability to do so. The difficulty of this game isn't whether you're solving the puzzles or not. It's whether or not you're doing the right thing. At times it's obvious what the good choice is or what the selfish choice would be when given certain things to say to a character, but it's possible to make a moral choice and having it blow up in your face later on. The obvious moral choice isn't always the best one.The story may not be something that would intrigue everyone. It's your typical teen-drama with a not-so-typical time travel aspect thrown in. The typical teen-drama cliches are there, but the time travel of the game makes things different enough to stay interesting.I started this game when 3 episodes were already out and, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I could not stop playing this game until they were all completed. If you like games with story-driven gameplay then you'll have a good time. This game isn't for you if you don't enjoy games that are slow-paced with zero things to kill.tl;dr This game is good. Buy it."
,Recommended,319630,15206461,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,YongL,"It's beautiful and meaningful.. nuff said, definitely worth your time and money!"
,Recommended,319630,15191262,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Y o u k o,10/10
,Recommended,319630,14246075,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Thorheim,"(I payed for the 5€ Episode 1 not the whole season.)So I played the episode in a pretty steady pace. Did not click on everything  and remake everything because I was streaming at the time and was thinking about the pace for the viewers. The episode gave me 2½h and I think you might stretch it to 3h by being a bit more curious.In replay value I guess a second turn for alternative turnout may be fun since you can skip everything you just did.Overall I liked the game/episode I think it was a good pilot and I am excited to check out the rest!It is a ""d ouchebag-collage"" environment where everybody seems to hate you. But for the plot I guess it is kind of needed(?). And to be fair, many people relate to a douchbag:ish highschool/collage environment.I am not gonna nitpick and dissect it here, I enjoyed it and you will probably too! Looking forward to the next episode!"
76561198027469449,Recommended,319630,17340761,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Hans Bjarting,"Im mostly into strategy games (I have a few thousand hours on them), but just the few hours I played of this game was so much better than the 1k+ hours ive spent conquering the world. This game really makes you feel like you are a part of it. Making you feel engaged, or making a person like me who like games where you can become great nations and take over the world feel engaged in everyday conversations and read the journal and just lie in bed and listen to the music or water plants, is amazing. Ofcourse this isn't what the whole game is about. There are some really intense moments. But the gameplay is so fullfilling and amazing that you do not need some explosions and thousands of soldiers fighting for their homeland to feel amazed, that is truly amazingReally recommend this game for everyone. Like some say in the other reviews: ""There shouldn't be a single person with a PC who does not own this game."" Just gotta add that it is on consoles too :P"
76561198164958092,Recommended,319630,17343453,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,runnava,"The final chapter [5] isn't even out yet, and I can feel myself roiling over every decision. The story isn't predictable, and the choices aren't easy. I don't know how many times I'll need to replay. Easily the best story-driven game I've played, to date."
,Recommended,319630,17335662,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ziehie,"Wow. That's all I have to say. Square Enix, you did the best job you ever did in your whole life. This game. It's just amazing. The music during the game is so hearttouching, I haven't cried that much while watching some scenes. This game shows how hard your life can be, and how important that TIME is. So please buy this game, because you WON'T waste any time playing Life Is Strange. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,17344492,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The 6-Eyed Man,Max is the only good character
76561198148432264,Recommended,319630,17295070,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,csgoroll.com Sp1der,vary yummy
,Recommended,319630,15412720,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,NVS,"""I would rather live a life of oh-well’s, than a life of what-if’s”Everyone has experienced something like it, from the elated orange sunsets falling beneath the horizon, to the unforgettable moments that you share with those you love most in the world. Moments in time that we will never forget, moments that make us smile, and moments that take our breath away. It is this nostalgia that makes us remember our past as if it were taken like pictures from a camera, and allow us to capture these moments, making them beautiful; all those moments as we entered adulthood, around the bonfires, listening to stories of what our futures may hold.Time never waits, and has we grow older these experiences turn into memories, and the choices we have made in the past help to carve our future. But what if these life changing events, these blissful memories of youth and freedom, could be replayed, or altered?Life is Strange; a unique, story rich, visual novel by the French studio DONTNOD Entertainment, who brings to life these moments, and allows us to relive the moments of adolescence, both good and bad. We play as Max Caulfield, an introverted girl attending the private Blackwell Academy in Arcadia Bay, Oregon, under a photography scholarship. Max is a young adult, much like how we were, are, or who are going to be. Max’s character is beautifully drawn out, from her stride to her views about the world. One does not need to be a girl to relate to Max’s thoughts or her choices. The choices are realistic, so much that I could find myself making the choice before it was presented. But Max is more than just a normal teenager, she is gifted, she can reverse time. Being able to change the outcome of conversations; choosing to intervene, or choosing to avoid. These choices have real effect on the story, the relations she has with other characters, and the potential to change the outcome of events that we have yet to see.The environment, though slightly fictional, is smooth, realistic, and relatable. From watching the sunset at the light house to reminiscing about the past with your best friend while trying to balance along some train tracks. The more I follow Max, the more I get lost inside her world to the point where I don’t want to leave; to the point where I will play just to see Max sit under a tree and listen to her thoughts.The soundtrack is incredibly fitting. It makes me re-live those times; those long drives you took with your best friend; those soaring moments.Life is Strange is being released as an episodic series, at the rate of one every 2-3 months. The episodes have about 3-4 hours of gameplay and have many major and minor choices that can be made to change the outcome of the story. The entire 1-5 episode season can be purchased for $20, and is well worth its cost.This game more than what it seems. It brings to life the choices we make, and the effects that they have on us, and the ones around us. In short, it is life. It is what we live every day. From the sunsets to bonfires, to the moments, to the memories, to the good, and to the bad. It is life, and it is here, while rewinding time, re-living the moments of adolescence, of Max Caulfield, where we realize how strange life can truly be.TL:DR –-	Unique, Story rich visual novel-	Nostalgic, and absorbing story-	Masterfully crafted characters-	Enrapturing, and realistic environment-	Picturesque visuals and art-	Choices that really do make a difference-	Great valueIn three short hours Life is Strange made it to becoming one of my favorite games of all-time. Don’t miss one of the best titles in years, don’t miss the true power of storytelling met with gaming.9.8/10Thank you for taking time to read my review(There are currently only 2 of 5 episodes available at the time that this review was posted, and there maybe changes made as more episodes release.)"
76561197972783726,Recommended,319630,14247050,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tsumoro,"Not going to pull any punches here, this game is a darn masterpiece, thoroughly enjoyed it. If you are a fan of the tell-tale games you most likely will like this. Difference is that the illusion of choice feels like it has a bit more impact because you are in a way more directly responsible for them.Don't question, just buy it."
,Recommended,319630,15031932,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Squeaks,I originally bought this game pure because it is set in my home state. After playing this game I am extremely happy that I made this purchase.One of the greatest examples of the future of entertainment media with a great story and mechanics. This is definatly a must have for your collection!
76561198167660358,Recommended,319630,17284612,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,unni,Just brilliant!
,Recommended,319630,17284660,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The One Who Knocks,11/10
,Recommended,319630,17284679,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,profoundprocrastinator,Gives me chills and a rollercoaster of emotions. Genius and unique it has to be one of them best games of the decade.
,Recommended,319630,17282941,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperUltraMegaAdam5,Features real memes and recommends support groups to cope with the story.10/10 Would mentally implode again
,Recommended,319630,15513749,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MrLink | twitch.tv/immrlinktv,"Waters the plant ""This action will have consequenses"" ..... O_o World must be coming to an end."
76561198069996299,Recommended,319630,14347595,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Blitzy Kins,"Truly a great episodic game series In which I will look forward too when later episodes come out. After playing the first episode, I was impressed and just amazed! It had a really beautiful story, along with well written and interesting characters, big choices to make, and the enviorments in this game just look so beautiful!If you ever played any of the TellTale games, this functions the same way, only difference is that you have a unique ablility that allows you travel back through time!It's well worth the purchase if your into games that focus around story, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,319630,14543420,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Macerle,"I'll write a full review once I've played through the whole game (all episodes).But I'll let you know my thoughts towards this game for now:So far Life is Strange is very atmospheric. The music/sounds are great and very fitting. The graphics aren't top notch but they have a unique and warm style to them that I really enjoy. The story so far is great and got me hooked instantly, so far it keeps me guessing and I is quite unpredictable. Although I'm not from America and I don't know what high school is like there from first hand experience, I still feel like they have captured the ""high school life"" feeling really well.One thing that stands out to me are the characters. I have absolutely fallen in love with the protagonist and I'm genuinely interested in all the side characters as well.The gameplay itself is simple and straight forward. I played the game on a keyboard but I heard it works with a controller as well.I also love the options they have added. That you can choose certain areas from each episode and then start your game from there or play it in ""Collectible Mode"" which I think is a genius idea for all the achivement hunters among us that don't enjoy playing through a whole game again or mess up our original chosen path doing so.If the following episodes continue on this path I think this game could easily be one of my favourite games of this year."
,Recommended,319630,14684412,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GeoSniper93,episode 1  -   10/10
76561198065716313,Recommended,319630,17433647,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,W U B B Y,"Becomes best friend with a teddy bear when you swallowed his eye.10/10Replies text with ""= kek""10/10"
76561198023255585,Recommended,319630,17448386,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TouchTheFishy,First review that i maje on a game. And what game! I think this game has one of the best (if not the best) scenario I have ever seen. First when I played the first episode i was a bit desappointed. But then it gets better and better like th finale of the 3rd episode! And this is also the first game where choices really matter (unlike TellTale ones)Anyway I highly reccomend this game for anyone who wants to relax and enjoy a good story with all the feels and emotions that come with it!
76561198085882209,Recommended,319630,17440840,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,John Satan,"A++ game, I love all the things relating to Twin Peaks."
76561198074936301,Recommended,319630,17430051,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Marcster1,So im going to apologize in advance due to this being my very first review. I remeber picking this game up after watching Minx play it for the first time and being so overwhelminly impressed I bought it the very next day and fell in love with this game. This game continues to draw me back in every single episode with how well Max is fleshed out as a player character. The writing and art style for this game is great and the ability to rewind time just seals the deal. If you dont have this game get it now.
,Recommended,319630,17838251,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Random Linkz,"very god game, so many different ways to play, i don't think 2 save files is enough for how many times i'm gonna play this game through"
,Recommended,319630,14307008,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jufen,"We are not ""Free"" but the story is really good and choice are really better than TWD.It's really a good interactive movie.But gameplay is missing!"
,Recommended,319630,17377925,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Alvear_,"The only times I have ever had a favorite game was in 1999 when Homeworld was released, then in 2005 with the release of Shadow of the Colossus. Now, Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,17694508,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sodamnrowdy,"Life Is Strange definitely is high on the totem pole, after binge playing all the episodes currently available yesterday. Asthetically: The characters seem to be Sony console 2005 level of face expression, but completely ignorable with the asthetics, lighting, atmosphere, soundtrack, and dialogue that is true, crisp and some of the best voice acting I've seen in a game like this.  Gameplay: The interface is very user friendly, the journal that is easily accessible ffrom the ""tab"" button contains everything you need. I love the text message conversations that go on between the characters. They are scripted but if you pay attention to these, they can help you in situations.  The story line is so rich, and the decision making aspect of it is iincredible. I appreciate the fact you can rewind your decision, and use the information you recently learned prior. The rewind power is very useful but luckily it isn't over exposed, sometimes it is required when you're getting into a location or hiding. Character relationships are very  important as well, and not picking up a phone call can be the fine line between a character dying or surviving. Simply asking someone how their day is will change the future, or past."
,Recommended,319630,29914808,Posted: 13 February,all,3InchMeatMonster,"WARNING: this game will impact you on an emotional level you wouldnt think possible. after playing this game even hearing the music will bring on a strong emotional response. you have been warned, play at your own risk."
,Recommended,319630,29997608,Posted: 17 February,all,Luscious Luchs,"The story is very heartbreaking at moments and so emotional in general. I love the depth of the characters, it's worth playing all of the episodes. The game just knows how to pull at your emotions and stimulate your tear glands, meanwhile the artwork of all the textures and whatnot is quite good in it's unique style. This game is literally a masterpiece, I can't give this a 10/10 because that would be unfair to the developers, there is no suitable way for me to say this is a fantastic game, there are no words. The game will make you cry once for sure.I love this game. So ♥♥♥♥ing much."
76561198165930115,Recommended,319630,30349245,Posted: 5 March,all,bean_drew,"Life is Strange, as Heavy Rain and perhaps I might speculate most others in the story-as-game genre, is an imperfect opus. A monolith of an achievement that is nevertheless as fascinating for its flaws as its successes, and what those flaws tell us about the challenges of using the format to tell stories that get under the surface of what it is to be human.Complaints that the plot does not deal well with the time-travel story elements are a red herring. This game is not about time-travel. This is a story about friendship, memory, and regret. It is about the universal struggle of those, all of us, grappling with the inevitability of mortality. The game even manages to miss its own point, using a cudgel of a plot device to talk about the loss of innocence viewed as illuminated by that struggle with mortality, where the game’s mechanic posits the case unconsciously, making you live the question without needing to graphically explicate it.The time travel mechanic, as arbitrary as it is, is a welcome relief from the quandary posed by many adventure games, in which the player is tempted to save spam or refer to a walkthrough to traverse through segments up to the point of breaking immersion, but no further. It works powerfully when the outcome of this mechanic is ambiguous. It’s not so much fun and it’s not very interesting to keep replaying the same segment, digging for the “right” outcome. The game really comes into its potential when it forces you to choose between meaningful outcomes, when the long-term impact of those outcomes is unpredictable.The episodic format affords the flavor of some craft to the pacing of the narrative. This pacing is an important contributor to narrative impact, if all-too-often forgot in the go-go-grind relentless forward motion of most games . Even playing the game in one go now that the final installment has been in release for some time, the structure provides a compelling impetus for working through the narrative as it draws the player in, unfolds the story, and then propels the story forward.As well served as the game is by the use of the structure, it is also true that not every episode is equally compelling. In particular, the fifth episode discards much of what made the earlier instalments gripping, including the feeling that the player was watching meaningful choices being made and played out.Meanwhile, the fifth episode padded out its running time with execrable forced stealth segments, which the time-travel mechanic renders both pointless and inane. These segment are notable for how much of a bizarre departure they are from what came before.It was also a lost opportunity – having noted how the time-travel elements of the story were never really the point, the story could have benefited from wrapping this element into the denouement in place of the caricature of an antagonist shoe-horned in to drive the thematic arc that the developers wound up shouting at the player.2015 gave us Life is Strange while the 2016 entry in the supernatural sci-fi time-twisting teenage drama category was Oxenfree. It’s interesting to compare these two, because they both try to do very similar things – but in very different ways. Oxenfree was demonstrably less ambitious in its mechanical scope. This is no complaint – Oxenfree took a minimalist approach and turned in a flawless performance. Life is Strange was its maximalist counterpart and no less a compelling effort even If it does sometimes stray to the weeds."
76561198360500213,Recommended,319630,30379534,Posted: 7 March,all,rcbridii,"This is probably the most emotionally powerful stories I've seen in any medium. By making you complicit in the decisions and being way more immersive than the typical choose-your-own-adventure, the game gives you a strong attachment to the characters. While you can rewind time, you can't load from too far back, and many of your decisions have consequences that you do not realize until much later. Most of these (I think; have only played once through, but it seems like the basic narrative is fixed) don't have a huge impact on where the story goes in the end, but you will likely find yourself feeling guilty or foolish occasionally. As a result, unlike most games, this one has you really thinking about your impact on the other characters. I think htis makes the game a great example for what games can be. To hell with those who dismiss the artform.That's not to say everything is perfect. While the character development and plot are great, the dialogue is not of stellar quality. I was kind of annoyed by most of the music, but that is taste-dependent (not a fan of modern indy folk stuff). The last episode, not to give anything away, is both excellent insofar as pushing the story to its conclusion and disappointing due to being more linear than the other chapters, plus there is a weird nightmare scene that overstays its welcome and is kind of irritating--you will know it when you reach it.Overall, really worth it.I have not yet tried replaying it, so I am not sure about replayability. Definitely missed some things the first time around, and you have to at least play the last episode again to get both endings. There are also a bunch of achievements to get, particularly the optional photos, which don't really seem to have an impact beyond completionism.I think it feels more like a show than a game, so rather than replaying it right away, will probably go back to it in a few months or years.I hope that second season actually comes out at some point."
76561198175542806,Recommended,319630,17732516,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,lowlyhermit,Another game centring on the butterfly effect; one decision could lead to a massive plot point in the story.Great story and soundtrack but ruined by its bad lip animation if you can get pass than is all good.Life is strange gives you the nostalgic feels of high school and a new perspective on decision making gamestake that Telltale
,Recommended,319630,17382598,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Serilum,"""No. What? NO! Go back!"" - Me after every episode.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,15136134,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,♥ Moxy ♥,"I'll keep this short. Basically if you're familiar with and enjoy any of the Telltale style games (ex. The Walking Dead game), you'll love Life Is Strange too. It looks good, the soundtrack fits perfectly, the story is great so far, manipulating time is fun, and the choices have a heavy, meaningful impact on the game.10/10. Can't wait for the other episodes."
,Recommended,319630,17684313,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ginga-Snap,"This game is a work of art. When I first started playing, I wasinstantly hooked on the art style. Upon further playtime, I noticed all the small details that they really paid attention to! This is one of the few games that had me waiting for the next episode to come out. The whole, ""your actions will have consequences"" vibe, really works well in this game. When I first played, I wanted to be the good guy, you know, make all the ""right"" choices? Well, needless to say, each and every choice you make has such an impact on you and everyone around you that it's impossible to just play the ""good guy"" or the ""bad guy"". This game truely is one for the books, and for the excitement it has given me, I give it a solid 10/10"
76561198010761532,Recommended,319630,17534070,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Deace,Best Game 2015
,Recommended,319630,17166307,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tiara Kutchadikov,"this game is fun, you can play it over and over again and it never gets boring"
,Recommended,319630,14492544,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,@ft3rbuRn,"episode 1 was phenomenal, can't wait for the rest.."
76561198169336896,Recommended,319630,17061197,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jeffreyjpowell,The synopsis doesn't come close to doing this game justice. The Walking Dead was incredible but Telltale have really outdone themselves and we're only 3 episodes in. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,319630,17187110,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AdeoNeriola,Top #1 Game of the millennium.1337/10
76561197990636978,Recommended,319630,17207720,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LeoTheFinalBoss,"I Like this game, it is pritty good."
76561198000423824,Recommended,319630,16876207,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Vayneglory,"A story based adventure game with memorable characters, a believable and relatable setting, beautiful hand done visuals. Choices matter and can be genuinely hard to decide on at times. Not to mention a great original and licensed soundtrack that brings nostalgia and weight to the games world. Well worth the buy. This game has to be all the proof you need that games can be art."
,Recommended,319630,17152023,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ShaRkz,"I started the game because i saw a youtuber playing it and i thought it actually had a story that was very intriguing. I never imagined the game would be that good!!! The story unveils so beautifully and consistently ofcourse based on your actions which you can rewind if you are not happy with, there are twists int he story but exactly at the right moments like a good - written series on TV. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys single player and solid stories."
76561198046657401,Recommended,319630,17155827,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Juggynaut,"Great game, the more i play, the more i appreciate it. Totally worth the money spent on this game."
76561198042678090,Recommended,319630,17160148,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,pemaolca,Outstanding... was not expecting what I played.Mind Blowing.To not give You a Spoiler... Try it.It will Rock Your World.5 thumbs UP
76561198106322199,Recommended,319630,17091744,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ace,One of the best games I've ever played. I'm completely addicted. The music is great and fits the atmosphere of the game perfectly. This game has good replay value. Even though I know what happens I have replayed each episode over three times.
76561198131032948,Recommended,319630,15089877,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,:desik_,"Beutiful, magnificent game, that you´ll want to come there later. Good job creators :D"
,Recommended,319630,16404154,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TickL,"The first game that had me saying exactly what the main character said.""Oh my god"""
,Recommended,319630,14840306,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Breadbomber,"Life is Strange is a fantastic and unique gaming experience. It's childish and drawn looks give it a cool and ""teenaged"" atmosphere. Its story is unique and weird, its gameplay is just like the Walking Dead And the graphics are amazing (In my opinion) Overall I would suggest this to anyone because its a very unique game, it's story (So far) is jaw-dropping and its overall gameplay is amazing. 10/10! ♥"
,Recommended,319630,17522251,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,M4R7!NP,Moving story where every episode ends with a hearth-shocking cliffhanger and the phone number for your nearest suicide hotline.
,Recommended,319630,17478418,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,whiteraven1000,One of the best WHAT-IF-game I have ever played.I sometimes wish real life would be easy like this.Totally recommended to play10/10
76561198051603241,Recommended,319630,18421184,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Procrastinato,"This game is fantastic it really draws you into the world and makes you love the characters.Take your time with this game and have fun, read everything and talk to everyone.OMG CHLOE NOOOOOOO HURRY EPISODE 5Killed Lisa 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,19511509,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kumamon,"After I finished this game, I legitimately felt a hollow inside me. It has been a long time since a rollercoaster so emotional. Eyes truly got wet.""What a time to be alive. Thanks. A lot."" out of 10."
76561198143951690,Recommended,319630,14238702,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Thor Buttockth,"No game has ever enthralled me to the point that I sat for 2 hours ignoring my need to quench my thirst even while water sat a foot from my hand. The characters are all likeable and for once the time travel thing isn't just a gimmick laced into the story, but something the player will actually use. That alone makes me want to give this game a 10/10. Now I must only wait until March for chapter 2."
,Recommended,319630,19385681,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,LeClérc,"So much ♥♥♥♥ing feels.DONTNOD Y U DO DIS!?10/10 WOULD DO CHLOE, I MEAN WARREN, OH♥♥♥♥♥♥I'LL JUST DO THEM BOTH AGAIN."
76561198091405697,Recommended,319630,19386265,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Poot,Get this if you wanna be on a FEELS train.
,Recommended,319630,15072005,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BlueBerryNinjaX,"I just got the season pass for this game, and I must say it is grand. I don't know if I should start with the music, the charatchers or the story because they're all pretty grand. Given we're only two episodes in, but I'm a student and the gaps between episodes of this and Tales from the Borderlands is time I spend working on HW. So, be weary of that atm. It's not a complete season as of now.The time rewind mechanic is awesome. If you feel like crap after the last choice you made, rewind and go the opposite. The puzzles are also built around the time rewind mechanic as well and are very, very clever.The graphics are suprisingly great as well. I'm a big fan of Telltales games and the stunning visuals in this game were a refreshing change of pace. I can have my amazing story, hard choices, puzzles that I love from Telltales games and beautiful visuals too.The music is grand. It fits so well within the game. It's not some teenage, emo, crap; however, it does give you a sense of that angst. The music never felt out of place and was very well done.The only thing negative I can say about this game is the lip-syncing. It's complete crap; however, the amazing voice acting makes up for it. I never really paid much attention to the lips but the quality of the voices themselves.Overall, if you're on the fence about getting this game. Do it. It's 4 dollars an episode. One of the most engaging stories I've played in a while that didn't come from telltale games.EDIT / UPDATE: Now that I've had the chance to finish the game. Just wow. My initital comments still stand. Get it. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,319630,19429344,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AlukainCore,Hella recommended-Trama excelente-Gráficos y ambiente impresionante-Voces excelentes-Te enganchas con la historia y los personajes-Las decisiones si te hacen pensar-Soundtrack una de las mejores cosas del juego
,Recommended,319630,19445552,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Peruna-Juho,"I bought this game when it was on sale. I thought that I will try it out. I didn't read any comments about this game. I just have watched a few minutes of gameplay from YouTube.It impressed me that the story in this game was so interestingly weird and at the same time wonderful. It was the best story in any game what I have played. 10/10When you make progress in the game, you have to make decisions which will take effect in your life. At the same time when you make decisions in the game, the game puts you to think your own life and future.Over 60% of the game is dialogue. So if you just want action, this game is not for you.Anyway, I recommend this game to everyone. I played through the story in about 11 hours. Time that I enjoyed playing the story was the same 11 hours :D"
,Recommended,319630,19394118,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mr. Email,Oh wow.
76561198065293880,Recommended,319630,19370853,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Asvi,just EPIC
,Recommended,319630,19539143,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,_-Chy-_,"This is not just a game. It's a piece of art!It's a beautiful, stunning masterpiece that gives you such powerful emotional punches right into the depths of your soul over and over again.Never has a game given me anything even close the feelings that Life is Strange did.Such a mesmerizing journey this has been!If you think it is a bit slow in the 1st episode, please continiue anyway.You won't regret it! And you will absolutely never forget it!"
,Recommended,319630,19522061,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rustury,"F*ing hate thisgame..Why?I was about to go to sleep after the chapter was done, but it kept me playing as I said ""WTF just happened?!"" Now my heart hurts, and I'm going to bed. 10/10 would play soap opera prince of persia again.."
,Recommended,319630,30464752,Posted: 11 March,all,SleepyFishcakes,"Really good story, but poorly told in some areas and somewhat cheesy."
76561198039650062,Recommended,319630,30482078,Posted: 12 March,all,Naedeslus,This is a game about Hipster Timetravellers.Get it.
76561197981867244,Recommended,319630,14459735,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"APPLAUSEA return to form for Square-Enix, even if it wasn't their dev studio (to begin with). In fact, I may come to think of Life is Strange as better than anything their Final Fantasy team ever produced. Its stylistically and thematically beatufiul from start to finish. Decidedly dark, but very realistic for its subject material.The first episode is short and sweet, I'd say about five or six hours in length on my playthrough. There's plenty to observe, to read, to do and multiple options and ways to do things. Life is Strange also takes a unique approach to decision making, leading you to never immediately regret your choice; which is light-years ahead of most other dialogue driven games (LA Noire, for example).Life is Strange is probably one of the most intelligent and culturally intune games I've ever, ever played. Its very self aware, very meta, and practically always coming at you from the characters' POV instead of what the game developer wants to agendize.Nothing I can say will really do this game justice. I can't believe its only $5; that's definently a public service. We'll make awesome games so cheap, only the rich will buy poorly made ones? I hope this is the new trend."
,Recommended,319630,14472259,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Alcohealix,Hands down worth the price of admission.Pros:-Story-Music-Characters-DialogCons:-Graphics could be a bit better
,Recommended,319630,14446731,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,JoeMD,"The story premise and the time travel element is what drew me to this game originally. I'm happy to say that both are implemented very well. The story is intriguing and the characters are deep. It's obvious everyone in this game has some kind of dark history and it's great trying to find out all the dirt on them that you can.However, if, like myself, you're not a huge fan of American teen drama sometimes the language used can be a little grating. Maybe I'm too old now, being 30, but hearing someone say ""serial"" instead of ""serious"" just sounds incredibly stupid. The game play is pretty simple with only very basic commands to walk, run, talk or rewind time. Of course that was to be expected with this being such a narrative-focused game but some might find it too slow. For me, being a fan of games like Myst, it was no issue whatsoever.Two and a half hours of game play for only $5 is pretty good value, and I know I missed some stuff. The story is was will really pull you through and it's interesting enought that I've pre-ordered the following four episodes. If you like a good mystery and a great story I'd recommend checking this out."
76561198209082816,Recommended,319630,14503303,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TWDGTAETS2,"I felt that this game was very enjoyable.First it has a very good storyline.Secondly it's graphics are outstanding.Thirdly it is quite realistic if you think aboutt it.Fourthly the specs to what it has is low so almost anybody can actually play the game.And I going to give this game 9.5/10Most favourite game of the year, welldone SquareEnix."
,Recommended,319630,14506418,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Adamski,"Impressions from playing and completing the first episodePros- Well written story and diverse, interesting characters.- Max's special power(s) is a more creative alternative to QTEs in the ""action"" sequences (often developers of this style of game feel is a stipulation).- Detailed scenes to interact with.- Cinematic and unique art style.- Reasonable pricing for the length of the episode.Cons- The teen dialogue is a bit cringey, but easy to see past.So far a very promising first episode, looking forward to the next instalment."
76561197988610492,Recommended,319630,14612454,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rampant,"More of an interactive book than a game and because of that you can really see how much work was put into the story so far. I was originally worried that the time-travel mechanic would cause your choices to seem meaningless, but they handle it  so well that it lets you explore the other options without removing meaning from your decisions.Being released in episodes is a little annoying due to having to wait so long, but if they use that time to make the keep the story at its current level or better it will be well worth the wait."
76561198121438745,Recommended,319630,16589823,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Palmer,One of the best games I've ever played ! The story unfolds as a real series of suspense as Twin Peaks !!I recommend to all who admire series with good stories.
,Recommended,319630,16519206,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shiver💔,"Okay, so I won't lie when I say I've only played this game for just a few hours and immediately fell in love with it. The music, the atmosphere, the story. All of it's just amazing. I just finished the first episode and I can't wait to keep playing. My only con to it are some of the animations. A little clunky, but easily overlooked. Definite 9.8/10"
76561198141984384,Recommended,319630,16516170,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ginger Ninja,"Holy crap this game is fantastic. I've never been a big fan of the tales/episodic games but this game is just so surreal. Insantly the game paints a picture of a awkward and shy college girl, the kind of person who if they disappeared not to many people would notice or really even care. But what sets her apart is that she can rewind time and from that point all of your desicions matter. Do you try to play nice with the popular girl with her ego stuffed up her♥♥♥♥♥or do you laugh in her face as a bucket of paint falls on her? Do you intervene when a security guard harrasses your friend or do you take a picture so you can blackmail him later? After every major decision you have a choice to rewind and change your mind, but you will never the outcome until much later. I bought the game because it was only $2.50 on sale and hey, what game isn't going to be fantastic when it's that cheap? the graphics aren't the best, and it only took me about 2 hours to beat the first episode but it has such a compelling story that keeps you playing and makes you want more. The game even lets you see the percentage of people who made the same choices you did and the ones who made the opposite choice. I definitely recommend this game, even at full price it would be worth every penny."
,Recommended,319630,16516951,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,penguins!,I just finished episode 1.It was ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.
76561198135521671,Recommended,319630,16633468,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FancyPants,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game...This is no mere game. It is a piece of art. The developers and writes for this game are brilliant. The powerful meaning of this game is incredible. This is one of those rare gems, one of those games that can shift someones paradigm of what truely matters; It inspires to really think about who and what your actions can effect. I will be very sad when i complete the final episode of this game whenever it comes out. I bought this game in the summer sale with all the episodes for about 15 bucks, yet this game is worth way more than that. This game is one of those games that many people can relate to in a unique way. Do I recommend this game... Hell ♥♥♥♥ing yes I do."
,Recommended,319630,16821605,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Crazy The Small Dragon,To me this feels like the future of story telling.
76561197998697725,Recommended,319630,16860511,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AlyPickle,"Life Is Strange is an enirely unique game with a story that is amazingly detailed and a genre never before used in such a way. This game has the player fully emersed in the characters world that I could genuinely feel like this is a real school that I could have gone to, with real characters I could meet one day. The entire atmosphere of the game just gives off 'real'. Then, you also have reality crossing paths with breaking the third wall in Max's powers, but still managing to maintain the sense of reality behind it all. This game will have you crying and laughing all in the same minute, and truly living out every teenagers dream of by some miracle receiving super powers that allow you to change the world. In one phrase, this is THE BEST GAME EVER."
,Recommended,319630,16373340,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rin,Игра 10/10 Топовая. ждем еще 2 эпизода. Очень будет жалко то что игра закончится.Такие герои классные. Разрабы оч постарались. Люблю Хлою.Не жалейте денег. Пиратку не скачивайте. Дайте им мани чтоб они старались так же.
,Recommended,319630,15051326,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,A Happy Bromigo,"Theres nothing I can say that is worth making you play this game. This game is the sole reason why you should play this game. This is one of those games that are there for you to play. There's no chance of rating this game, or comparing this game. Just as you couldn't compare a Picasso from a Rembrant, you can't compare this to something else. Yes, its a bit of The Walking Dead and a bit of Gone Home, but if those two were unclear, this isn't... this is pure art."
,Recommended,319630,16227574,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mobius_Swag,"This is the future of visual novels, I think everyone shoulld play this game,"
76561198035197960,Recommended,319630,16347492,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Old-fashioned Hurgusburgus,I just finished Episode 3 and it literally took five minutes before I could form coherent sentences.Buy it.Just frakkin' buy it.
,Recommended,319630,15936354,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,KB ΩΔΦ,Interesting approach to choice making and rewinding to change your decisions. Reminds me of the Butteryfly Effect. Recommend it for sure.
76561198093331718,Recommended,319630,16918274,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Walleroo,Why do i feel like a little teenage girl?
,Recommended,319630,29043308,Posted: 5 January,all,Vipe,Such an amazing and emotional story.Truly a masterpiece.10/10
76561198168142375,Recommended,319630,17404338,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Protein Source,"This game looks awesome !!!!!!!!!!! you will get connected to it , in a way , you never felt before .the graphics are not bad , actually its facinating in a way,gameplay is easy , fun , and diverce in choicesyou will get hooked up with this game and the story , even the characters.I wake up everyday , excited just to jump to my desktop and launch the game.ypu should give it a try~~!!!"
,Recommended,319630,16112621,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,KING RAM,Love this game!
,Recommended,319630,17224478,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,pained_aggression,Great game!
,Recommended,319630,14257552,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Megafreak,"This game is a great buy. I had a nice 2.7 hour game and even then I didn't find everything. This game has quite a bit of replayability, and if you don't like a choice you made you can rewind and choose the other choice as many times as you want. It has a nice plot and the characters are extremely developed, keeping in mind this is the first episode. You can find a ton of stuff about the characters' pasts.For example in Chloe's house. You can also find out information which is story critical,like when you find out Chloe has a gun if you defend her, and then reverse it and the characters will be none the wiser.*Cough* Dana *cough*. So, if you are patient, like developed stories and aren't in need of constant rambo action, this game is for you.This is a great story telling game and I would happily recommend this game to anyone who is looking to get it.All in all, this game is around a 8.5/10 in my books."
76561198083618286,Recommended,319630,14538094,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TuckerTinTin,"Gave this a go out of the blue with no expectations and I'm grateful I did.Will surely not be for everyone, but is perfect for me.10/10."
,Recommended,319630,17031878,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,hafiz azani,one word : Incredible
,Recommended,319630,16610569,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sqwizzard Wizzard ~^-^~ Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"If you haven't played this yet, then do. Now. Borrow money. Get it. Somehow. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXsQAXx_ao0"
76561198130235626,Recommended,319630,29237743,Posted: 13 January,all,Shadow,"10/10 amazing game, must play"
,Recommended,319630,27603579,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chalupa007,"Final VerdictI instantly fell in love with this game, similar to the Last of Us. It was unique to me, I think it was because I am the same age as the main characters in the game in addition that I also run my own photography business and have loved photography for a while. The game has reached the number two spot on my ""most influencial games"" list - after the Last of Us. This is because the decisions you make in the game truly reflect life and death, this was obviously because of the immediate connections I had with the character Max. As the episodes went by I wanted more. I couldn't wait to play this game again because I had to figure out what deicisions I would make and how they would affect the universe around me. I hadn't felt this way about a game since TLOU and it even killed me more that my CPU broke in the middle of the came (upgrade issue on my end). After the completion of Episode 4 I thought this game couldn't get better and easily topped Heavy Rain (a favorite of mine in the ""butterfly effect genre"".With all the good that LIS provides it has its downsides. Average voice acting, outdated character animations, FPS spikes and the rewind system are the downsides that I didn't love. But the story, to me, was good enough to get over those minor issues. With that said Episode 5 did lack for me. Immediatly after Episode 4 was finished I couldn't wait to conclude the epic journey I began in Arcadia Bay. Without much spoilers in Episode 5 you can really only follow two paths, which seems really limiting for a game that depended so much opon your choices. In addition to this I feel like the devs didn't have a proper idea in mind to end the game, so they scrambled some flashbacks together had a few decisions and said ""its over"". I have watched the other ending of the game that I did not get on Youtube and to be truthfully honest I was not happy with either ending. I wish I had an option to conclude it a third way. In addition to that I wish Episode 5 made me feel badass and dectective like, a feeling the previous chapter gave me, which kept my adrenaline pumping. This final chapter was more of a ""whats going on..."" type feeling.All in all this game is great, from Episode 1 to Episode 5 it has its ups and downs. But I loved it, despite its shortcomings the game delivers well. I would (and have) recomended this game to friends. It is an experience you should not pass up, especially if you are still in High School. Look for the next sale on this game, I picked it up for $5 and I would've spent $20 on it!Opinion after first episodeWow.... Is all I can say. I became an avid fan of the butterfly effect games after playing Until Dawn. Life Is Strange has been on my radar for about 6 months now and with the recent sale (Episode 1 for free) I had to give it a chance. Being 18 I immediatly connected with Max and her classmates. Seeing the daily interactions between them and how they come together to influence your decisions. The flow of the game is solid throughout Episode 1 and before I even compelted it I made sure to purchase the game at its discounted price. With that said I have now finished Episode 1 and loved it.A few mistakes I made was not diving into the extra content right away. The journal that max keeps goes back prior to the first starting day of the game, Oct 7th, and it builds a bit of structure. You  can easily get lost in the world, which makes you rethink every decision you make wondering if you should turn back time.With all this game has to offer, I feel like its target audience is limited. If you are out of college I do not think this would be the game for you. The ""high school drama"" that this game is built upon is the main drive of the plot (so far). If you have grown out of the high school life and wish not to experience it again I wouldn't say this is the game for you. In addition to that the passing of the game is a little slow - you have to rewind time and go through dialog multiple times. You can skip the repetitive actions but it is still a pain in the ***.All in all for $5 you cannot go wrong with this game. If the other Episodes last as long as Episode 1 it would probably take about 5-8 hours depending on how in depth you wanted to go. Not a bad play at all and deffinitly worth my investment."
,Recommended,319630,17784690,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,☣ Broken Ninja ☠,"I've recently just started playing Life is Strange. The title nails it completely, all in the good right places. I always loved the tell your own tale stories in books like some of the old Dungeons & Dragons mini books with choose an option and turn to certain pages for the next outcome. This game lives to capture that escense with the perfect art & imagination of dream worlds.As soon as I finished the 1st Episode and saw its climax... It instantly popped into my head that this game took a huge concept from the two movies Butterfly Effect (1st, not the crappy sequels) and Donny Darko (again not the Sequel). To me this was a BOLD choice and unique for this story. Im sure its been done else where but Life is Strange has certainly captured both into one detailed, alluring, suspensful and emotional story. Yes, I said emotional. I hardly ever physical express an emotion towards video games and/or their sequences that happen. At least nothing major since the first time I and im sure most of us saw Aerith die in Final Fantasy VII, I was 12 at the time. I did cry the first time around seeing that and by the end of Episode 3 of Life is Strange, I started to cry... and im a near emotionaless (at least i thought until now) prick of a dude now too.For now, im going to hold off on playing Episode 4 until Episode 5 releases. Ive read 4 is fantastic and suspensful so, I will update my review again once Ep. 5 drops.So far I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Emotionally Deep Stories, Choice Options to direct the story, Butterfly Effect & Donny Darko.One last thing, use a Gaming Controller like a Logitec Gamepad or XBox 360/One controller. Keyboard controls were aweful imo and I usually play Mouse and Keyboard. Thats my only complaint.9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,18710839,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Morgan Mack,"A game about Time Travel, Art, Friendship & Mystery. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and pacing of Life Is Strange. It seemed slow as first but after a while that is what I began to enjoy about it. Taking to time to explore and converse without unnecessary action for the sake of action. It is very thoughtful and provokes you think about consequences and outcomes of your actions and conversations. The dialog is very good and helps to draw you in to the story and characters that the game is based around. The graphics are impressive, along with a modern art style that helps  to immerse you in this world. Would recommend. 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,18589463,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ETD,Probably the best game I've played.
76561198168601594,Recommended,319630,28815352,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,aThinShadow,"I don't think there are words to really sum this one up, dudes. It's just.. that good."
,Recommended,319630,29894734,Posted: 13 February,all,sambo.exe,"A truly excellent adventure game in the vein of the Telltale `choose your own adventure' games.The story is an brilliant rollercoaster following a girl coming back to her hometown after having left it for 5 years, and catching up with her best friend, who's since changed entirely given the events that unfolded during their time apart. The characters are deeply developed, and by the end I was fully engrossed in the town of Arcadia Bay and its inhabitants.The series' hook is the main character's newfound ability to manipulate time, which greatly enhances the game experience by allowing you to experiment with your decisions before locking anything in. It is also used for puzzle and conflict solving, where you would typically save-scum in other games to achieve your desired outcome.On a deeper level, the timetravel mechanic makes the player consider the ramifications of their timeline manipulation. If you had the choice to fix all your past problems, would you? What if your choice, instead, created even worse problems? Is it your job to fix every mistake you or the people you care about make? Should you have this kind of power? Who are you, to change what nature has put in motion?I can't see an ad for the game without Crosses by Jose Gonzalez playing in my head, and once again undergoing the rollercoaster of emotions that the game incited in me.An excellent game, a must-buy and must-play."
76561198068578646,Recommended,319630,19482472,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Imperator,"This is a great game, no great isn't the right word for it, it's perhaps one of the best and one of my personal favorite games. i love the characters and choices in game, and the story is beyond amazing. this game is perhaps the most emotional game i've ever played for both characters and story... i can't say more without spoiling anything but this was an emotional ride and i love every minute of it. again a must play!!This game is still on my mind..."
,Recommended,319630,14272864,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,bobrob48,"I had only played episode 1 before leaving my first review. Just finished 2-5. God dammit. I wish it didn't have to end. Not yet. I don't think I can properly articulate how much I like this game right now, but all I can say is get your friends to play it, get your grandma to play it, get your dog to play it. It's an incredible experience."
76561198030778236,Recommended,319630,28816320,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Whygee,"This game is an incredible journey. Like if you were playing a rich, fleshed out movie, as the main protagonist, making all the important critical plot decisions. And some of them are heart wrenching. And all of them matter.The fact you have nicely thought of puzzles doesn't hurt. And the soundtrack; don't get me started on how excellent it is.Amazing feat of entertainment."
,Recommended,319630,14278720,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ghrasee,"Such a truly beautiful game, as expected from DONTNOD and Square Enix.I had high expectations for this game, and I heavily anticipated it, and I'm proud to say that it went beyond these expectations, just for episode 1! Honestly, if I were to have the privilege to make a game, this is exactly how I'd make it. I've been waiting for a game just like this for way too long. I can tell that Tumblr has had a very big influence on this game, and as a Tumblr user, I am so excited; especially when I saw tumblr posts such as the pictures in Chloe's room, etc!As I said, I'm very excited for the next episodes, especially now that there could be LGBTQ+ character(s) - they have left the relationship between Chloe and Rachel open to interpretation in episode 1. Square is awesome for publishing a game that features female protagonists, I thought Tomb Raider was going to be all we got, I guess I was wrong, but we still have the burden of angry boys complaining about not being able to change the gender of the protagonist, goodness me, just play any other game if you're that bothered about being a female protagonist."
76561198053681535,Recommended,319630,15033483,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,pel99,A great game thats so fun to play9.5/10
76561198029248295,Recommended,319630,18588025,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,truebeliever2069,"Stunning game, visually beautiful, a story and characters you really care about. If you buy one game this year, make it Life Is Strange."
76561197976740157,Recommended,319630,19793792,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AxelFoley,"I have had this game and dlc in my game list for a while but never played it until ~10 hours ago. O my god!! this game is awesome. The story is great, characters are intriguing and I love the art style.The 5 episodes are like a rollercoaster, you roll on high speed through the story.10/10 MUST BUY, and play immediately and not wait a couple of months, the Idiot I am."
76561198098495939,Recommended,319630,26086774,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jessabela,"Ok, I'm going to jump right into it. While Life is Strange is a great game, and I definitely recommend it, I do feel it's overrated. A lot of people would have you believe it's a perfect game, and I'm just going to be honest. It's not.Here's a big pro: the plotline is VERY engaging and interesting, from the first moments. The mystery you have to uncover is very well put together, and I genuinely enjoyed the game because of this. I also like Max as a player character. She has just enough personality to be interesting, but not so much you can't relate to her.The time travel mechanic is also very well done - it feels slightly overpowered at times, as you can often rewind big choices you make if you don't like the immediate outcome. This ability can take some of the weight out of those choices. But this isn't something the developers didn't think of to a degree, and there's a cut off on when this can be done.Here's what disappointed me.As a story based game, you expect the writing to be IMPECCABLE. That's all these games really are. The writing in his game wasn't. The dialogue has its moments, for sure. But a lot of the time it fell flat. As a young person in the same age range as the main characters, the ONLY character who I felt had consistently realistic dialogue was the teacher. The students felt like caricatures of young people and the way they speak. The slang is overdone to the point of it actually being distracting, sometimes. I was eighteen in the year the game is set - so, the same age as the characters - and there were several moments where I caught myself thinking ""Yeah, if ANYONE spoke like that in real life they would be beaten up"". Mind that I'm not just talking about the main protagonists, who are meant to kind of be social outcasts (but not really, because a lot of people still like them), I mean the popular students too. This wouldn't be as much of a problem if the game wasn't eighty percent dialogue - but as it stands, it can be very difficult to take the characters seriously when they sound like a forty year old's idea of a teenager.The other thing that bothered me was the way a lot of the characters themselves are built. A lot of side characters are nothing more than stereotypes, even a lot of important ones who move the plot forwards. There's the nerdy robot building girl. There's the ♥♥♥♥♥y girl who hides a secret insecurity. There's the security guard who's paranoid because of the war. There's the wussy principal. There's the spoilt rich boy whose father ""owns this town"". Sound familiar? Two of the main antagonists are stereotypes. This kind of writing strikes me as lazy, personally.And of course, there's my main issue. The MAIN person in this game who you are supposed to like (Chloe, the main protagonist's childhood friend) comes across as a total psychopath. She's a criminal. She immediately turns on anyone who doesn't constantly agree with her and feed her ego, including you. She exhibits very little evidence that she cares about you at ALL. This is a massive problem, as the player is meant to form a close personal bond with her. (very minor spoilers here) It's difficult to form a bond with someone who tries to steal money from a CHARITY so she can pay off her debts - by the way, to my memory it's never really explained why she can't just get a JOB, except that she's an irresponsible brat no one would hire - then gets mad at you when you gently suggest that this isn't a nice thing to do. When the entire game revolves around the relationship between these two characters, the fact that one of them is blatantly unlikable ninety percent of the time is a bad thing.Also, a lot of people would have you believe that this game has more choice than Telltale. As someone who has played a few Telltale games, this isn't really the case. There are a grand total of TWO endings. I know for a fact there's at least one Telltale game with THREE endings. You could argue that certain events in the plot are changed by your choices - but again, not really any MORE than Telltale. A few characters live or die, depending on your choice. Lots of them are only ever seen again ONCE anyway. Most people you can help are totally unimportant. You still find yourself being funnelled into a certain series of events for the sake of plot - for some reason people HATE it when Telltale does this, but it's fine for LiS to do the same thing....I know this review must sound really negative (and I KNOW I'm going to get hate for this review, because the fanbase is pretty rabid), but I really did enjoy this game. And I DO recommend playing it. I just don't think it's the paragon of gaming that everyone seems to think it is. I feel like treating this game as perfect is a bit dishonest - it has some pretty glaring mistakes, if you look beyond the first layer. But I don't think those mistakes should be enough to stop you from playing it - just don't expect perfection. Don't expect the best game ever. Expect an engaging plot and an interesting mechanic."
,Recommended,319630,15210273,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Endlessly,"(Note: This review has been edited from the original.)Life Is Strange. The most artistic, beautiful game I've ever played myself. I was glad to have found this for myself and not watched some overrated YouTuber play it. I fell in love with the game from the first time I played it. Honestly, I'm pretty sure this game deserves the ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating it has. This isn't a video game people, this is art.The game had a few negatives:-I encountered a glitch where the screen had the border around it when you went into the first alternate reality when I looked a certain way (Episode 5, in the town, near the end)-Mouth movement stopped a few times, makiing the scene a lot less emotional.-Mark Jefferson's very existence.But the positives overthrow the negatives:-Amazing story, although the tornado is a plot device and not a danger.-Beautiful hand painted graphics.-Somewhat likable characters (Shots fired at Telltale Games...)-Time travel mechanic, although implemented well-ish, had one or two plot defiers.-If you chose to tell David that thing, Mark Jefferson... ""Goes away forever""-The soundtrack.-Motha ♥♥♥♥in' PriceField.-A lot of other small items and kinks that I found really cool.-YOUR CHOICES MEAN SOMETHING! (Shots fired at TTG...)-Warren friendzone. :DThis game gets an overall... 9.5-10/10 ign. :)"
,Recommended,319630,14776107,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Je Suis le Duck,"Episode 1 was really good. I like the eposodic type games and this one, so far it has a lot going for it. It's unique and the story is interesting and engrossing. Visually interesting and different.I bought the first episode first for 5 dollars, since I wasn't sure I'd like this game. It is worth the 5 bucks and I will be getting the rest of the episodes.So far this game is an 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,319630,18758067,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Grant,"It's a nice adventure game! It's by DONTNOD, but if you've played one of Telltale's more recent offerings, you'll pretty much know what you're getting. That being said:The graphics and soundtrack show a lot of love. The characters are young & not exactly mature, you may find this endearing or obnoxious. The plot involves time travel, which I like, but overall the science-fiction aspects take a back seat to emotional moments with the game's characters. Puzzles are fine, but again, not really the focus. Play it if you're on board for an adolescent coming-of-age story with time travel and a dark mystery to unravel."
76561198061610774,Recommended,319630,15909394,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bumblebee,"I don't usually write reviews because i haven't found a game worthy enough to take the time to write one. Life Is Strange is just an INCREDIBLE game. The only downside to this game is that it will eventually have to end. I am hooked, nay, ENTHRALLED by this game. But like all good things, they must come to an end. When this moment comes, it will be a sad day for me. I wish there were a better way of capturing and explaining the enjoyment this game has given me. So worthy of a 5/5 it should be the basis of what a 5/5 game is."
76561198130450076,Recommended,319630,16260139,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,A Ui' La',"Such a good game, glad I gave this game a chance now it is the best game I have ever played. Even though this is only episode 1-5 I really hope the bring out season 2 beacuse it would be a shame if they do not cosidering all of the best games I have played have been made by Sqaure Enix and will be such a shame if season 2 does not happen as from other reviews I have read it has a high demand. Besides that great storyline and full of differnet emotions. When learning about certain charatacters you get to understand what life has been like for them as people like me can relate to these characters and what they have gone through."
,Recommended,319630,16261333,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Xeneil,It's awesome just play it.
,Recommended,319630,15080186,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Cyrus,"Max is a time machine, i recommend you play this game and meet this strange life of her."
,Recommended,319630,15329864,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jevon-IngrainedKarma,"More games need to be like this, have an intriguing story like this, make me want to spend my money like this."
,Recommended,319630,14290058,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SomeRandomBullets (Zoma),"I love it, and not just because the game is using the Telltale format of storytelling for its basis, and not because I live in Oregon, but because they were able to make the game extremely immersive with good atmosphere, while using such an interesting artstyle (like someone trying to paint the world they see around them in an attempt at hyperrealism, but just doesn't get to finish, and the result is an interesting blend of realistic and half painted finishes in the background. Also, this is like high school/college simulation if you had time control powers~ Definitely worth the money for the first episode imo."
,Recommended,319630,14264219,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DoYaLikeWaffles,Just get this game and play it. It's going to be one of those games you remember forever.
76561198090606870,Recommended,319630,15507470,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Señor Foxie Fox Senpai,Best game <3
76561198156806248,Recommended,319630,15316916,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,kenggee,Interesting
,Recommended,319630,15316181,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,LEO,"Life is strange is one of the best written and well made ""Your choice"" Game I have ever played. The music, choices, and characters all were just impecaple and could not of been better. I would highly suggest this game for anyone who likes your choice games."
,Recommended,319630,15340287,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Quackkk,"Pretty interesting story along with really good music and awesome hand-drawn graphics makes this a must-buy!If you like episodic games, you need to add this to your collection.Can't wait for Episodes 3-5."
,Recommended,319630,15417233,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Patta,"Life is Strange, but this game is awesome..."
,Recommended,319630,14306349,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,totjup5,"Beautiful visuals, original story, well developed characters, and amazing voice acting. Simply stunning. Can't wait for episode 2."
,Recommended,319630,14895342,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,♫Qplayer♫,"If I could give this game a sideways thumb I would. This game has so much potential to be something incredible, but the experience is dragged down by some very annoying design choices. On the good side, the idea of a chose your own adventure with the ability to rewind time is very fun, allowing for the exploration of different routes in ""real time"" and allowing what is every utilitarian's dream, observing the consequences of every possible decision. The few time rewind puzzles in the game are simple so far, but I'm sure they'll be more complicated as the series progresses. The events that are teased in the first episode seem to make for a compelling story arc, but being the first episode, those events weren't explored yet. The teaser for episode 2 was way more interesting than almost anything that happened in the first episode, but it's difficult to tell if it will live up to the hype.My main problems with the game are in the atmosphere created and how the characters have developed so far. This game has to be one of the most pretentiously hipster things I've ever seen. Every song is some indie guitar strumming ballad. Every piece of art, every character design, nearly every shot in every cutscene bleeds ""LOOK AT ME I'M COMPLEX AND RELATABLE."" Perhaps this is just my subjective reaction to the director's vision, but I think the game lacks any semblence of subtlety when it comes to its world. If you enjoy that subculture, this game is probably heaven, but if you're not a fan of bands you've never heard of and dank modern slang then this game has a lot of cringeworthy moments. Even the non hipster characters are shallow and cliche. Every adult in this game is blockheaded and unhelpful (EXCEPT FOR THE DREAMBOAT HIPSTER PHOTOGRAPHY TEACHER OMG SO DREAMY). You would swear that this game was written by a 16 year old girl who is moving from that awkward transition from emo 15 year old to hipster 17 year old (which also, by no small coincidence, perfectly describes our protagonist).Overall, the game did provide about the same amount of entertainment as a 4 episode arc of an average anime, so I can at least give it credit for not being a complete waste of money. Whether or not it is actually worth continuing is something I will still have to consider. I probably will keep playing as the story and gameplay have intrigued me enough to want to know what happens to these mediocre characters."
,Recommended,319630,15227856,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,CELT #MAGA,"Life Is Strange is a point and click adventure game that follows you through a week in Acadia Bay where you attend school, meet new people, meet old people, make friends, or make enemies. This game looks very good, using a hand-drawn style to illustrate a very well done perspective. And Acadia Bay is one of the nicest video game environments that I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. The woods and water in this game look fantastic, and it makes me wonder what exactly this game would turn into if there was an open world element. I'm not saying that there should be, or that it would even work, but it would sure be one hell of a great time. It also has a strange system which the plot centers around which involves the fact that you can go back in time to change choices that you made and try new ones. This works very well in letting you truly explore every single thing available to you in Acadia Bay, as well as letting you have something to strive for after you've finished the game: 100% completion. This game also has one of the best soundtracks in video game history, perfectly describing the challenges that the characters face. It is also extremely well written, with vivid, beautiful dialogue that perfectly paints this game's setting. It is, however, a short game. I cant see it taking most people more than three hours, but there are still tons of achievements to keep you busy. I have completed the game, and have only unlocked three of those achievements out of about fifty, so you won't get bored. I have only played the first part, and I got it on sale, but I am truly impressed. I would say that part one is probably a perfect game for what it is, and one of the best that I have played all year. I cannot wait to play the next chapter.10/10"
76561198062544064,Recommended,319630,15329623,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,All-American Reject,"I cant get enough of this game the soundtrack is just amazing and fits perfectly with scenes, ive found myself tearing up at some points. It really grasps real life highschool and real world problems and i can relate a lot to my life (not time travel though, i wish lol) i defenintly recommend you buy this game, i dont think we will get another perfect game like this in a long time..."
,Recommended,319630,14256404,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,afBeaver,"One of my favourite games for quite some time! I really like the atmosphere and the story. The lip-synch is a bit off, and the puzzles are very easy. But those things don't really take away much from the experience, in my view. It feels like watching a movie/tv-series and being one of the characters. And if that sounds appealing to you, give the first episode a try! I'ts really amazing!"
,Recommended,319630,15481873,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,thatWhitegirl21,This game is one of the best interactive story games I've played. This game is way better than the walking dead games and this is only ONE of the reasons so many popular youtube channels play this. I like the story of the game and It is so hard not to share any spoilers!!!!! But seriously if you're thinking about buying this game do it already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,16032945,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[SGB] FlupKe,"The 3rd episode, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game guys. It's so brilliantly done, the unique atmosphere, the music, the graphics and your choices change really important stuff, and it's terrifying because the story and the characters are so detailed that you ♥♥♥♥ing care. It is about growing up and becoming a person, making the right choices, it's so awesome.It blows the walking dead out the water, and I loved the walking dead. I've rarely been so immersed in a game before."
,Recommended,319630,16028589,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,dYEEz! ツ,I think I died a little on the inside.I can't.thanks for making me cry like the baby i am 10/10 would replay this game over and over again
76561198117651379,Recommended,319630,16033968,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zedrack,"awesome game. endings can throw you through a loop... especially the end of chapter 3. i'm still going ""holy crap"""
,Recommended,319630,15142860,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BadCat -clan Gangrel-,i never had this number of emotions in a game. awesome.
,Recommended,319630,14857747,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,NIX,Honestly the story is so amazing and makes you want to play through multiple times. I can't wait for the rest of the episodes.
,Recommended,319630,16070142,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Doctor_Overlord_Bandit,Hands down in my opinion has the best plot twist ever. You want to reach an emotional point it has that. This movie... sorry game has everything.
,Recommended,319630,19644613,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,whit ⋆,"Life is Strange is an insane mix of romance, mystery and suspense. There's crime; murder, drugging, etc.. If you're looking for something to get obsessed with, something insane, this is it. You'll probably make some♥♥♥♥♥♥decisions. It's crazy. It's so hard to describe to be honest. 20 out of 5 stars at least. You won't regret.Romance, murder, drugs, time travel, butterfly effect, high school drama, photography, suicide, friendship and more tbh."
76561198073268614,Recommended,319630,19742938,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Limp bizkit,This game made me get up and walk around for 30 minutes contemplating a choice. Buy this game
,Recommended,319630,15910448,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,The State of Texas,"I'm always down for a great episodic story game, and Life Is Strange is no exception.My complaints for this title are short; for one, I wish the facial animations were better, but it's not awful. At other times it's not quite clear how you should go about completing objectives, leading to some frustrating segments (and not in the 'puzzle' sort of way) but these are few and far in between.Things I especially love about this game is the unique time rewind mechanic. It adds a whole new layer to the world that the played can interact with. Did you say something you know you'd regret later? Easy, you can just rewind time and undo a decision. The story fantastic, characters are well developed, the environment actually makes me want to explore and find out more. I'm finding myself actually taking the time to read all the journal entries / text messages (which is something I almost never do).Overall, if you're a sucker for a good story, buy this game: you won't regret it."
76561198005774360,Recommended,319630,16089956,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pezzle,"A simply stunning game, no point in writing a long post. 10/10 would rewind and play again fresh."
,Recommended,319630,16243544,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,neersighted,One of the most powerful point-and-clicks I have ever played. The plot starts out rather abruptly and with little explanation but it is quite immersive and quickly segways to a great story.
,Recommended,319630,16222196,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[CPC] Seboss,"Lovable characters, compelling story, great art direction, superb voice acting, smooth and nostalgic soundtrack, and a cool and interesting gameplay twist. Undoubtedly a fantastic interactive story, and one of the best game I've played in a long time.I can't wait for the last two episodes, and hopefully a Season 2. If there is, I suspect the game will be an anthology and it surely will be heart-breaking to leave Max, Chloe and the others. But I'm sure I will love every minute of it anyway.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,319630,14317062,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Platypus,"I have only just finished Life is Strange and I already want to go back and play it again to see how much different actions have an impact on the story, and to find things that I've missed. There was one decision I agonised over for ages, and knew I'd made the wrong one, but stuck with it anyway. That had a bigger emotional impact on me than I was expecting, which shows just how well-written the game is.You might think that being able to rewind time makes the decision-making process obvious and easy, and that this is a straight-forward game because of that. You would be wrong. Of course you're given the freedom to play the character of Max how you choose, but if you want to go down the path that you think is the best for her, it really isn't always easy to decide what that is when you know each decision will impact on other people too.As far as actual gameplay goes, I had issues with stuttering a few times, which could be my PC's fault (my processor isn't the best), and the subtitles weren't always easy to read. Otherwise it was absolutely fine.Also, I would absolutely love a soundtrack. I really hope the music over the rest of the series continues to be as good.If you want a game that will get in your head, and is well-written, beautiful and leaves you wanting more, buy Life is Strange now!"
,Recommended,319630,15701304,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Antilli,"Ah this game... It's very beautiful. It's very relaxed, mainly because of the genius soundtrack, while at the same time it can hit you hard emotionally. At the time of writing, I've finished Episode 1 and 2 and am waiting for the 3rd episode. The end of episode 2 is simply genius, no matter what happens.So, you play as a teenage girl with the power to reverse time. This allows you to test multiple choices in the moment and potentially make a better decision as to what is going to happen in the future. There's only so far that you can reverse time, so in the end there is a lot of room for speculation and doubt, which keeps the game very interesting. You do feel like your choices affect the outcome. It can be the difference between life and death. It goes a lot deeper than just teenage drama, and you can get a lot of time out of this game. If you easily get depressed however, I don't know if this is the best game for you. It has its fun moments, but also its dark moments. Just saying :)The game is not without its flaws. One of my major annoyances is the lip sync, which is bad. But I got used to ignoring it after a while. But other than that, I think the game is great."
,Recommended,319630,15985741,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nat,"One of the best games this year, square enix did a good job with the story and character development, even the choices you make actually matter whereas with TellTale games they might not.-water the plant *this action will have consequences* well sh!t!-belgian waffle or bacon omlette (this took me the longest time to decide)Also the ending of episode 3 totally reminded me of the butterfly effect, can't wait for episode 4!"
76561198043436253,Recommended,319630,15045188,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,raptorr118,First and now second episodes completed. I absolutely do not regret getting this game at all. The heavy story accompanied by unique gameplay and progression really put a nice twist on any game I have played in a while. I love the fairly realistic characters and the attention put into many of the details. Personally this game is a must buy. 25 USD is a pittance of a cost in comparison to the quality this game provieds.
,Recommended,319630,14265803,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Legendary Bibo,"To start off withI could describe this game in one word:Comfy. The story has a nice blend of Juno-esque teen drama, and Donny Darko time traveling concepts with a touch of the Butterfly Effect all packaged with Telltale's style of point and click adventure games like what you see in The Walking Dead. The time traveling concept is a nice touch because it lets you rewind and change your choices or you can use it to see what the other option does. It's nice because if you're trying to keep everyone happy, it makes it easier to determine what choices you'd like to stay with. I haven't finished the first episode, but I like how well the characters are written. On the surface a lot of them have cliche stereotypes, but depending on your choices you can see another side to them. Square Enix did a pretty good job of giving their characters layers.GraphicsI would say this is probably the only area the game suffers in. I like that the game has what looks like painted textures everywhere, but I would have liked to see better detailed models. The game has its own style so I'm not picky on the environments or look of the game, but the character models could have used a little bit more work. Even at max settings they look ugly.Audio/MusicThe audio work is really well done, and I like how the developers seemed to have found the right music at several points in the game. The introduction part where you put your head phones in and listen to music as you walk through the hallway in the school was really well thought out.StoryLike I said earlier, I like how well the character progression was written in this game and time travel is an interesting concept, and the writers really executed it well within the story of the game. The game gets a little dorky with the teen drama stuff or just how they talk sometimes, but overall, the big picture is great.Overall, I would highly recommend this game."
76561198107403141,Recommended,319630,30506356,Posted: 14 March,all,RACISTRECTUM,"Awesome game... not really for the gamer type. If u watch movies and dramas u might be into this one.  After playing this game, you will understand more about life, but that does not mean you should give it to your child. There are innappropriate content. The choices i have made leaded to one final big one, where it was very hard for me to choose. In the end, tears filled up my eyes.... recommending u to get this game..."
,Recommended,319630,14981971,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Crouton,"Definitely getting the next episodes when they come out. Very rarely do I like episodic story games, but this one has really captivated me, not only with the quality character development, but with the music, art style, and the decisions you have to make. I'm really looking forward to the future episodes, and I hope they make this awesomeness a habit throughout the episodes!"
,Recommended,319630,15959121,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Aniken,I believe this will be my first review of any game but this is one game that is worth reviewing.Life is Strange was a game I first saw as a popular streamer was playing but after watching for five minutes I had to turn the stream off because I did not want anymore spoilers. Immediately after I bought the entire collection and the next day played it through. As the first story telling type of game I have ever played Life is Strange was definitely worth starting as I was hooked before the first scene even finished. It immediately had me hooked into wanting to know what I had just seen and why I'm seeing this. As I moved through the game it didn't feel like I was watching just a movie or playing a game. I had just enough interaction to not feel like I was watching a movie but also not like I was playing a game. I felt truly immersed in this game and in the story I was controlling. Everytime I made a choice I thought long and hard about how It may affect the rest of my play and whether I should have or not. Not only did my choices affect the game they always kept reminding me about those choices later as I played and It was incredible. I never felt a wasted moment in the game and I can't wait to play more. I'm not really sure there is anything I can say I disliked about this game because if there was no chapter ending scenes I may have stayed in full immersion until someone or an alarm or something reawakened me to the real world or I finished entirely. Truly a game I will remember and I highly recommend to everyone who feels they may truly be able to enjoy this genre of game and even to some who are uneasy should at least try the first episode out because you may just like it.TLDR I can't shorten it because it is too much for one sentence.
,Recommended,319630,16065814,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ledben,Very good game
,Recommended,319630,20021063,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KaiZettaSlow,"This game has gameplay similar to a book being written. Not a bad thing at all, so I like it.This game is also story heavy, and involves you using a ton of Attention to Detail. Your choices in the game will affect the story, I've tested, and it is true. This game is not for those who just want to spend money on for a game that they can screw around in. You can't. This game is not meant for those audiences. It's meant for mature audiences, it goes through troubles that are very REAL, such as Date R-a-p-e, Drugs, and even Suicide.It's not for the faint of heart, but is still a beautiful game, it's going through the life of a student who finds out that she has super powers, and struggles to figure out how to use them. Despite the whole super power thing, some of it is relatable if you've gone through harassment in your life, and if you've gone to a new school.Sound: 9/10, really matches the game, and the events at handGameplay: 10/10 Yes, it's really that fun!Graphics: 9/10 Looks beautiful, even on the lowest settingsControls: 8/10 Definitely not bad, but you might sometimes find yourself pressing the wrong things, especially if you use a controllerStory: 9/10 Everything is fresh, and a new idea. Clever writing, with humor sprinkled in at the correct times. Only once will it minorly confuse you.Gameplay: Only half way through the game, but will take 14-15 hours at mostTotal: 9/10Buy this game and all 5 Episodes when you have the chance. It has a ton of replayable value."
,Recommended,319630,20206272,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Okay.,"Amazing game, I highly recommend it."
76561198155530730,Recommended,319630,20208096,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ela,this was a great game and all but it had a LOT and ALOT of CUSSES XD
,Recommended,319630,20212281,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,AwkwardPixels,Great Game! The soundtrack is pretty good too.
,Recommended,319630,20161887,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,EAsyPavs,"The Game is really cool. It´s like watching a movie but you tell the character what to do and can remake your choices, the negative part is that the real game isn´t just episode one so if u bought only this one i´m sorry you have to buy  the Season Pass episodes 2-5 ..."
,Recommended,319630,20194809,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hlxPL,"This is easily my Game Of The Year. I tried almost all big(ger) titles that came out in 2015 and this one gets the prise.This is easily one of the best, most emotionaly impactful games I *ever* played.I was hooked after just few minutes. Both the story, the magical realism, the art direction - all of it was just perfect. My only gripe is that I've finished the game and I can't remind time and play it again for the first time.There is a demo it on Steam. No reason not to try it."
,Recommended,319630,20062888,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,brks223,"Very good story based, advanture game. It is a teen drama, but I liked every minute of it.Recommended"
,Recommended,319630,20123082,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,k0rvex,"This game is just extremely well made, the graphics are amazing, the storyline is absolutely incredible, I couldnt even imagine how it was possible to make a game so emotional and stunning. Great job. Definetely an amazing game."
,Recommended,319630,20136328,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bossycontrolfreak,If we don't get a second installment I will feel robbed of all joy.
,Recommended,319630,19793228,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MrHonestFool,"this game made me think bout all the fun i had growin up with my bestfriend back home...i loved every moment about this game. it reminded me what i had as a kid and what ive missed while i was so god damn busy growing up. i remember the first time i met my bestfriend while he was climbing a tree in our playground with his late brother, and after his brother left it seemed like i had a responsibility to take care of the lil fella...  to fill in his brothers shoes..  i know i could never replace him but i tried..  and by doing so it made my childhood something worth holding on too... a year back after being apart from my bestfriend for half a decade we finally hung out again right beside the tree we meet as kids and he told me if ever he felt lost...  he'd climb up that tree and wait for ume again...  at that moment i had manly tears... and this game reminded me that bestfriends will always be bestfriends no matter where they are... love ya man ♥"
76561198018905282,Recommended,319630,20143651,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wolf J Flywheel,It takes a little while to get into in terms of the actions and trying to work out what you should do but the storyline is good. It is not too long and if it is on offer it is really good value.
76561198036031453,Recommended,319630,20143306,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JFRFC_123,Quite possibly the greatest game I have ever played. Simple as that.
76561198030744948,Recommended,319630,20143467,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Midnight Light,"This game was, without a doubt, the most incredible and amazing game I have ever played. I wish I could rewind and play it for the first time again. It was beautiful, and heart-breaking, and extraordinary. Thank you so much for this game."
76561198022706301,Recommended,319630,14408061,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,joeytman,"I just finished playing through Episode 1 because of TotalBiscuit's video, and damn, I enjoyed it. The writing is pretty good, its not the greatest writing to ever grace a video game story, but its definitely good. The art style is really beautiful, I quite enjoy how the game looks, and the rewinding time mechanic just makes so much sense for a game like this. In games like The Walking Dead, people like to make new save spots at every decision so they can come back to it. Here, you can just rewind time, at least to a certain extent, to change the decisions you have made. Very interesting concept. The only true issue I have with this game is the lip syncing, which is nothing short of atrocious. It's really, really terrible, and I had to make the effort to not look at the people's lips as they were speaking, to avoid complete loss of immersion."
,Recommended,319630,19833918,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lukicho,"Best game I have ever played, 10/10.A complete rollercoaster of emotions, can't wait for season 2"
,Recommended,319630,30668328,Posted: 22 March,all,Dante,Nice Stories~
,Recommended,319630,20366086,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ovan Tanaka,"It has a great story, with unique style, setting and incredible atmosphere, sucked me in from start to finish. With more interesting puzzles (although still too easy), and with a greater incentive to explore every nook and cranny and interact with everything you can, in special to that possibility to rewind time."
,Recommended,319630,18862330,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,0ø Miriam ø0,Not gonna lie...After episode 3 I ended up hating Max... BUT.. I love the game.I know some people are really disappointed with the ending but I think it was really good...It makes you think about many maaaany things about real life and well...The story is just amazing.8/10 (Max...)
,Recommended,319630,20278748,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hyp3rdream,"Every action has a reaction.Great game, last episode was pretty messin' with my head.Many memorizeable moments, totally recommend."
76561197970933842,Recommended,319630,17272165,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,KaninKanon,"This is the one game that has ever effected me emotionally, and that's from someone who have played Tell Tale games."
,Recommended,319630,15133504,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,U-bahntretter,"Super Awesome Game! The cliffhanger aren´t that hard which i love, cause its and easy way to bind people to your story. The Autor in this story did a great job so far (Episode2).  The Music is also awesome."
76561198025699979,Recommended,319630,15091601,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,KiRa900,"Finished. Much more interesting than I started. So I'm good impressed and then I edit this review from bad to good.It's a good storytelling game, and for 5 euro I think it's a good deal, even if the other four episodes have a cost of 17 euro but I think it is a legit price, it worths the money.If you like games with atmosphere and much storyline this is a valid game. For 5 euro you have at least to highly consider this first episode!"
76561198084849356,Recommended,319630,18980706,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,One Million Troops,This is waaay too good! such a good storyline with a good mystery behind. Love it! I hope i can do the time travel thing too! haha
,Recommended,319630,17381279,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,2σ,"Much of this game is like being shot point-blank with both barrels directly in the heart with feelshot.It seriously makes you care for the characters, who actualyl seem like real human beings, and the story has a really nice balance of hope and fear that ramps up a ton as you reach the end.I should note that I have yet to finish the game ,as only Episodes 1-4 are out yet.And I am so terrified and confused and dying for the next episode. I have not had this much desire to continue a game since Mass Effect."
,Recommended,319630,19539975,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Apparition,"Amazing game with a disappointing ending. I would still recommend it, since episodes 1-4 are incredible, but 5 felt like a hasty wrap-up."
,Recommended,319630,17350284,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,OBookman,"One of the most amazing, emotionally moving and well written adventure games I've ever played. I can only wish it was even longer and had more and more details... The soundtracks are also amazing."
76561198020341561,Recommended,319630,16353971,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Best Guy,"The atmosphere in this game is incredible... the music, the lighting, the grapichs, the background,...All in all a very amazing game."
76561197996066645,Recommended,319630,20361226,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Zanshin,"""That's another dollar in the swear jar!"" ~Life is strangebut in all seriousness the game is awesome."
76561197970936257,Recommended,319630,16933462,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Amok 808,"This game has a really fun concept and great atmosphere, but awkward game mechanics and cringe-worthy dialogue. Overall, it's still pretty fun and I would recommend it with a warning. 7/10."
76561198068875097,Recommended,319630,14259063,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Vatrena,this game really is like a stealth public opinion research based on your in-game choices :)
,Recommended,319630,17453404,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Little Rocket Man,This is the game that gave me diabetes.
,Recommended,319630,14362477,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Crying Freeman,"First of all I thought it is one of those ""right or wrong"" games but then it surprised me with that .... DON'T WANT TO SPOILER THING ... Aside some poor dialogues it is a cool game to play alongside.Really cool game and every decision has its consequences - can't await episode 2.I think it is a good value."
,Recommended,319630,18791430,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Icepanther,Really nice game i would advice you to buy all the episodes definately worth the 20 Euros.
,Recommended,319630,15887018,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Frostbite,10/10
,Recommended,319630,19536033,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Brolaire,Some decisions in this game is the reason behind the event of Captain America : Civil War and Batman vs Superman.Great game. Hope for the sequel.
,Recommended,319630,17739905,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,lexxingt0n,"Quite possibly the most meaningful Computer Game ever made.Superb writing, breathtaking grafics, surprising twists, well thought-through characters (even if the protagonist seems too quiet and shy to me), thoughtworthy topics and gripping choices."
76561197992798339,Recommended,319630,18681453,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Winston Wolfe,"Oooooookay this must be one of the weirdest games I've ever played with defintitely reaching the durpdiedurp level in episode 5. You're bound to go daaaaaa-faq!?!?!This game rocks for one minor (well major) irritation: why do you have to play a teenager? Supposed to be 18 but looks more like 12 or so.Anyway, closest thing to actually playing in a movie and really impacting the story with your decisions. Just try it."
,Recommended,319630,19459839,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MeTT,It twisted my twisted idea of plot twist
76561198093078781,Recommended,319630,19483336,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,✪ pork chops is sexy,"So i've played many different games this year but this game definitely wins Best Story.. The game is funny, touching, full of twists and I enjoyed every bit of it. The game has so much feels in it and I really like how it allows you to make different choices because there are so many different possible outcomes to the game! surprisingly, this game almost made me cry at  the end :OThis game really is damn good !! 10/10 you must get it ! Total about 13 hours gameplay for episodes 1-5 but much more if you choose to explore the different possibilities in the game"
,Recommended,319630,19544936,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,lmaonade,"Made me go ""smh tbh white people"" a lot and ending kinda blew and was weak. but i got to time travel 8/10"
,Recommended,319630,17306702,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mesmerized,"From episode one, it's clear that Life is Strange has potential. By the ending of episode three, it's clear they've reached it. Going into episode four I was wary, but curious. It felt like a premature end was coming, but the brutality of the fourth episode's content has shattered that misconception. There is still so much going on at Arcadia Bay that hasn't been explained, and I'm sitting on the edge of my seat with baited breath. Before I ramble further, here's a few pros and cons;PROS:+ Max and her classmates feel like authentic people. They show impressive growth and understanding, and represent the absolute stereotypes of generic American high school.+ Max's ability is a fun twist on the choice-based mechanic of these episodic games. I'll discuss a part of this in the cons as well, but here I'll highlight the brilliant use of rewinding time to undo a social disaster or something as small as keeping one of your classmates safe from stray footballs. Also, the moments where your powers are blocked or exhausted are critical and heart stopping.+ So far the story has gone from a typical high school drama to a full on marathon of Criminal Minds. And I love Criminal Minds.+ There are small details in everything, and figuring out the angle for the optional photographs is something that, I admit, consumes me.CONS:- When creating this game, DONTNOD was facing bankrupcy, and as such the audio synch with character's lip movements is off or sometimes non-existant due to lack of funding. It was something that bothered me early on in the game but I've grown accustomed to the charm of it.- Max's rewind effect sometimes cheapens the weight of decisions, especially larger ones. No matter which you choose, Max always makes a mental argument for the opposite after the events have played out. While sometimes this helps players solidify and stand by their choice, it made those choices feel less important.- There is a particular issue that I feel is handled poorly. Someone's recovery seems too neat and tidy for my tastes, having gone through a very similar experience myself.- On the odd occasion, if the player rewinds and resumes time too often in the sequence, the game sometimes ( read: often ) glitches and freezes while rewinding, leaving you stuck and unable to resume time and forcing the player to restart from their last checkpoint.What LiS lacks in smooth engineering, it makes up for tenfold with well-rounded characters and gripping story, all packaged in an End of The World box. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,319630,20344997,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Happy Razzle,"Ultimately this is a good visual novel, it has great characters an interesting if not really new look at time-related powers.  The overarching plot line is engaging and the major twist at the end actually caught me a bit off guard.  The puzzles are clever as well without being too time consuming to keep you away from the story.My only complaint is that in the end I did not feel like my choices mattered much in the end but that can also be a positive since if I were to play again I would simply make choices naturally instead of agonizing over which one would yield a ""good"" ending."
,Recommended,319630,27860416,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Knu,10/10 would flap the butterfly wings again
,Recommended,319630,29737786,Posted: 6 February,all,TheUniporn,"You play as an 18 year old photography senior who discovers she can rewind time. I really liked seeing the world through the perspective of the main character and for me it was the best part of the game. You can make some decisions here and there but they rarely hold any real weight. This is not the kind of game where you get stuck, it's much more like a linear story that you are a part of. The player can't save for whatever reason and checkpoints are too far apart, especially seeing how you can't skip as much stuff (dialogue) as you might want even though you have a ""skip"" button.Rating: (cool+2*meh+""why can't I skip this???"")/4Recommendation: If you're into visual novels and don't mind time travel mumbo jumbo, it's a cool game.http://pixelloot.com"
,Recommended,319630,14442950,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Amphetamine|Jas,Wonderful in every possible way.
,Recommended,319630,14293225,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,RockitBootz,"Socially awkward girl gets super powers, and like Peter Parker found out before her, Ms. Main character realizes it just makes everything even more confusing.Love it. Engaging characters. Captures the feeling of those awkward teen years perfectly. Incredibly charming and relatable story with the familiar branching path system of TWD and TWAU.two negatives:-Too short (then again i did only pay $5)-Lip syncing isn't grand. It's noticably off in a few areas.If the series continues the trend set in episode one it's a must have."
76561197997880448,Recommended,319630,15889334,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pixelz,Highly recommended! Cannot wait for next ep!
,Recommended,319630,16611347,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[DS] godcheese,"Worth it. Buy it. - Definitely Buy It -I had read a whole lot of hype about this game, didnt read any content because of the hype. All I knew going in was that it was a similar ""visual novel"" type of game to what The Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us are in the Tell Tale Games lineup.Its really hard to write anything about this game without giving spoilers up, so I will do my best.You play as Max, a teenage girl with the power to rewind short periods of time and either solve puzzles or get out of precarious social situations and turn them for the better. You attend a reputable art school for photography and are Average Jane to the core personality wise... at least until you start making decisions for her. You will very quickly learn that unlike some games, you cannot please everyone and work all of the angles... with with super powers to rewind time, you're decisions will have consequences.OH yeah... the main draw of this game. MEANINGFUL CONSEQUENCES. If you make a decision you can change your mind with the rewind power... at least until you leave the areas. But think carefully... and the protagonist is sometimes her own worst enemy as she will internally comment and make you feel bad for the choice you made her take. Still though, the scope of decision making isn't black and white. Some have immediate consequences, but there are a couple that don't have consequences until later episodes... and we aren't even done with the game fully yet. The decisions are the main selling point of the game, that they have an actual impact on the story. The only thing I can say is... yes. Yes they do. You have to take my word for it that they do, but they do... I don't wanna spoil anything for anyone reading this. This is an A+ story telling mechanism some are small, some are large, but they all have some impact later in the game. AAA Studios could take a lesson about gameplay elements from this IMO.Great soundtrack... nuff said. Doesn't require an indepth explination.The graphics and art style of the Unreal Engine work for this game so damn well, they crafted a convincing environment in a pretty small scale without it feeling like it was cramped. Half the time you don't even notice because you're so enriched with dialog and decision making that you don't even notice you're in a rendered parking lot with no much traffic or foot traffic in the background. A good job in that regard. I also love the way they present it, smal bayside village where everyone knows everyone... you don't feel the need to go explore everything because its all pretty meaningless to the protagonist.Some of the support cast are ripped straight from prep school tropes, not a bad thing, but kind of meh as well. I do love the characters, each one adds something to the story of the game. Each and every one. From the prissy princess who bought the world, to the girl who's constantly in the wrong place at the wrong time. The world around you evolves with you and it is all delivered with great dialog.The voice acting for said dialog is... hit or miss for me. Some of the characters are really well done... I feel like the protagonist doesn't have much emotional range in her voice though, its like watching a Kristen Stewart character come to life... can look past it since the engagement of everything supercedes it and the characters are at least interesting.Episode 3 left me mouth a gape and wanting more... little regret playing it when its ""incomplete"" but it will make the release day that much more savory in my mind. Cant wait for Episode 4.EDIT***Spoilers***So I just finished episode 5 and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I stand by everything I said in my review at the end of episode 3. This is story telling done right... its not a snooze fest and the characters aren't boring. The cause and effect system they use is exceptionally well done and the ending... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the ending strips all of that away...Dont get me wrong... this is a great game. But the tornado at the end of the game is really a decision making cop-out. I mean spoiler alert, everyone dies or one person dies. There is no inbetween from what I can tell. Dontnod really had a great thing and they ruined it with the final choice... this really feels like Mass Effect 3-syndrome. Its the ultimate ""None of the decisions you made throughout the entire game mattered in the end"" All of those times Alyssa was helped with her accidents, dead. You convinced Victoria to stop being a colossal ♥♥♥♥♥? Dead. Convinced Joyce to forgive David? Dead. David? Dead. All of the talking, all of the decision making was obliterated by the final decision. Saving Kate Marsh... pointless. Sacrificing Arcadia Bay is the ONLY way to make Max Caulfield make sense - giving a rise to that selfish love story of ""I will destroy anything in my path to be with you"" including sacrificing everyone else at the cost of that feeling. It is the ONLY thing that makes sense.But wait, if you pick the other option, and sacrifice Chloe... then your decisions didn't mean anything... the entire reason for doing what you did was asininely removed at the end. You were saving your best friend/love interest (maybe/ I like to think). You pulled the trigger on Frank for nothing, you went back in time to try to save Chloe's dad for nothing...Every decision felt real, it felt like it affected the world. Until the end of the game. Then they took that power away from the player, they took the feeling of consequences and cause and effect, the entire basis of the game and♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.STILL a great game STILL recommend you buying it and playing it, but the ending felt copped out, and they couldn't loop everything together in a way that made sense so they went with the ""your choices meant nothing"" route. Which is infuriating."
76561198031875543,Recommended,319630,18602290,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Poliban,"I love this game, it reminds me of a Quantic Dream's game, it's one of the best games I've ever played and the music it's just the icing on the cake"
,Recommended,319630,18602700,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hamdemon,"One of the best games I've ever played. I mostly play shooters (CS, bf4, etc.) but this game is so intoxicating that it can't fail but draw you in.The art style is amazing, the storyline fantastic and, despite what some of the other reviews say, the ending is pretty great too. Although the choices you make might feel slightly negated by only having two endings, the fact that they can wrap up such an expansive game with two simple choices is a feat in itself.There are certainly flaws in the game that could be improved upon. The scripting sometimes comes across as a 50 year old trying to sound like a teenager, but these problems don't affect your enjoyment of the game.I loved Remember Me, and I enjoyed this immesurably more.Great work, Dontnod!"
76561198077497394,Recommended,319630,18683964,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dust,"Beautifully Sad. I hate it when good things end. I literally felt sick for a couple days after beating this, but I'd do it all again. Can't wait for the next one."
,Recommended,319630,28873982,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jim Rustles,"I've seen and heard many things about this game and finally decided to pick it up and see what the hype was all about. The game is amazing, I literally have no words for how well built, well thought and well made this game is. Just get it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,319630,14243605,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mercedes,"Great game, totally worth it!"
,Recommended,319630,17978940,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,capkoh,Awesome game! It is all about life around us and difficult decisions.
,Recommended,319630,16507540,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ferrán,"It's a very stiry driven game, the characters are solid and you can relate to them easely, plus you can travel in time."
,Recommended,319630,18208059,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,St. Elmo's Fire,"Life is Strange is easily one of the best games I have ever played. The incredible story will keep you wanting more, and the soundtrack is absolutely amazing. It's an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,319630,14592342,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AdoraXel,"oh my god, i loved this game so much, the artstyle is so beautiful and the game itself was great. I loved how you were able to just look around at things as you went and didnt just have to follow the storyline."
,Recommended,319630,18214631,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,B1GB34R,Stop procrastinating and play this game. Today.
,Recommended,319630,18048324,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shrunken Ned,"The story is so unique and creative, characters so lovable and detestable. There's plot twists and suprises. The setting of the Oregon coast is beautiful. This game is just absolutely incredible.Kate ♥"
76561198116012228,Recommended,319630,18011612,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Kallandra,This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,319630,17251202,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Iulia,"This is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. Pretty nice graphics, very interesting and exciting story, makes you start thinking about the decisions that you make, the ones that seem insignificant but can have a very big impact on your life."
76561198083392352,Recommended,319630,30530684,Posted: 15 March,all,[gg] CapriCorny,"Never felt like this when playing a game. This game is pure feelings and emotions. I've totally identified with the teenage girl! And the soundtrack is amazing; I am still listening to it almost one year after finishing the game.Regarding the last choice of the game, for me it was an easy one and haven't had any doubts :) I believe based on the last choice you could make someone's pshichological evaluation :) along with other choices in the game."
,Recommended,319630,18022245,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TheGwardian,"Life is Strange is a fun, story-driven game about choices and consequences. Much in the style of telltale games. There is very little action, most of the game is presented through story and narrative rather than large climaxes of action. I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a decent story."
,Recommended,319630,17764872,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Twinclaw,Hint. No choice is perfect. Have fun >:P
76561198045456404,Recommended,319630,15924731,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,alphazero1990,"This game is really really good for the price. The world is so ""alive"" and detailed. Love it from the first 5 minutes.  :D"
76561198038324563,Recommended,319630,14331322,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RedFox,"Awesome game, excellent atmosphere and great dialogue, lots of choices and a few mini-puzzles along the way. This is a must have for people who love story based games."
76561198055359056,Recommended,319630,18202243,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Merinsan,"I am torn with every decision. It occurs to me I might be ruining someones life with every choice I make. And then I do.I fixed everything wrong in Chole's life, but at the same time I somehow ruined it, and I have no idea how I did this. I know I will burn for this,,,I shouldn't have this power...."
,Recommended,319630,29498066,Posted: 26 January,all,Spicy,got it for $1 so its good?!?!?
,Recommended,319630,18245479,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Brosef,Lay in bed while listening to Bright Eyes simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18506165,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Afraid of Heights,"Review after completion of Episode 4 for the PC: (~SPOILERS~ Obviously)Life Is Strange is a game that, on the surface, is incredibly pretnetious.  The protagonist, Max is a Hipster Mary-Sue.  She also has a unique power that lets her sometimes rewind time, in order to fix mistakes, or to gain access to areas without being detected (as well as other powers that are introduced in later episodes).  Her best friend Chloe appears to be a stereotype of teenage rebellion.  Together, they try to solve the disappearance of Chloe’s friend, Rachel Amber.However, below the surface, there is a shocking amount of depth that is introduced in later episodes.  The emotional reaction the series has garnered from me shows me that all the stupid surface drama was intentional, and the subtleties allowed me to have such a response to the game.Do not get me wrong, I did enjoy the first 2 episodes.  While I found it pretentious, I enjoyed the art style, the setting, and found the characters, for the most part, engaging to interact with.  Max’s rewind ability never felt gimmicky because the developers spent a lot of effort making it seem useful as opposed to just a “cool mechanic”.However, the game really surprised me with the events that turned Episode 3, and the beginning of Episode 4, into a truly complex work of art.  The character Chloe, despite her appearing as a walking stereotype, begins to show a lot of depth, especially regarding the death of her father.  There are moments sprinkled in the first 2 episodes, but it becomes apparent towards the middle of the episode how much her father’s death has truly affected her.  It is done in a really authentic, believable way.This is when Max discovers a new ability.  She is able to temporarily transport through a photograph and is able to alter history by preventing the death of Chloe’s father.  Once she is brought back into present time, it becomes apparent how much her decisions have changed her life.  Unfortunately, while Chloe is surrounded by both loving parents, in this timeline, she is permanently paralyzed because of a car accident, the same thing that killed her father in the previous timeline.This is where the game truly got me.  I didn’t cry, or even tear up, but just the way the developers handle this is perfect.  They never overplay their hand, they simply present the situation as it is, and allows the player to truly understand what their decision has done.  Regardless of your efforts, your friend’s life is destroyed in some way.  Coming from a game that’s entire premise is built around decision making, it gives the player this hopeless feeling that they cannot do anything to truly save “Chloe”, and I think it’s masterfully done.  In the end, you are faced with a hard decision to either end Chloe’s misery, or to not accept your friend’s pleas for help.  It’s gut wrenching.In the end, you are able to revert back to the timeline in which Chloe is alive and healthy, but the time you spent with Chloe paralyzed has forever changed Chloe to me, in a complex way that makes me feel more connected to her.  Throughout the game Max consistently talks about never leaving Chloe, and by the end of the situation, the player truly feels as if they cannot leave her as well.After those emotionally devastating events, you are thrust into a full on murder mystery.  The second half of Episode 4 pieces together a lot of missing clues revolving around Rachel’s disappearance.    It is enthralling, and pretty much comes to an “a-ha!” moment where everything comes together and you finally think you know the truth.  Until the ending where everything you thought you knew comes crumbling down at the last moment.Unfortunately, the game is not immune from some legitimate criticisms.  The animation is, for the most part, pretty good.  However there is a lot of polishing that could be done.  There are issues with clipping and some of the textures are pretty half-heartedly done.  The hair textures are also incredibly static and could really use some work.  Graphically, my biggest issue is the lip movement.  There is literally almost zero syncing between the dialogue and the actual movement of their lips.  It’s distracting to the point where I choose to read the text instead of watching their mouths move because it’s just really off.  On top of graphics, I have been waiting for something to really take Max off the pedastool of perfection.  She is nice, kind, sweet, dorky (but not too dorky), shy (but possesses amazing social skills).  I like her, but I want some genuine flaws that make her feel believable.These issues fail in comparison to the overwhelming quality of the game though.  Definitely recommended to anyone who loves story driven games."
,Recommended,319630,30562220,Posted: 16 March,all,Graviga Wreck,"If you somehow still don't know what this game is about, please don't try and find out. I went into this game completely blind, and I'm so glad I did. Imagine the best Telltale game you've ever played, but even better. It hits a lot of chords that resonated with me, namely trying to make everyone happy in hopes that they'll like you, and loneliness.Loved it."
76561198024742781,Recommended,319630,18515685,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,jacquesfrost,"I don't like this game.... I LOVE it!!!! The game really sucks you in! It's like watching a TV episode that you're in it.Thought I'd just buy one episode just for the heck of it, now I'm left with buying the rest. =D"
,Recommended,319630,30534137,Posted: 15 March,all,Sillycats,"Just an incredibly great story with an amazing sound track! For those of you that are story driven, please try this game out! you will truly enjoy it! <3"
,Recommended,319630,14856174,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cookie Wookiee,"I picked up this game following off the heels of Telltale Games' The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us titles. Life Is Strange does the storytelling genre well in its first act. It's claim to fame, the time manipulation mechanic, takes a concept of meaningful choice, and makes the metagame of choosing your choices the focus of your thought. After each choice, Max's ruminations may convince you to alter the choice, and no matter her actions, she will have second thoughts. It's up to the player to weigh her choices and, ultimately, use the mechanics to set her future. An innovative spin on the choose your own adventure format, playing to the player's doubts. It reminds me of Alpha Protocol in that way--no right choices, only consequences, which as of writing have yet to be determined."
,Recommended,319630,19157655,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Queen,"I play a lot of choice driven adventure games, especially from Telltale, but never have I played a game where I felt almost every decision I made impacted the story in some way. The continuity in this game is brilliant across the episodes, reminding you of the impactful decsions you made both subtly and directly, and it truly forces you to make some difficult decisions. The writing, the music, the art style, and the brilliant performances of the voice actors and actresses are second to none. Dontnod has achieved something truly special with this game. It really sets the gold standard for this genre, and I cannot wait for the announced sequel. As a final note, without giving away a single thing, if I had to make all the choices over again, I think I would end up in the same relative place. The fate that I eventually chose felt that important to me in spite of its heavy burden. This was a beautiful experience, and I was glad to have had it. Highly reccomended for anyone who loves these types of games or just great story and writing in general. 10/10."
76561198038048692,Recommended,319630,15034078,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Comedian,"This is a great game all around, but what makes it really stand out from other Telltale-like games is that your choices really matter. I highly reccomned it  - almost everything in it is perfect: the visuals, the soundtrack, the characters. This game gave me feels."
,Recommended,319630,29260028,Posted: 14 January,all,Abynate,"I never expected that this game in particular would mind♥♥♥♥ me this hard. What and incredible emotional rollercoaster.Bugs here and there like getting stuck when you need to rewind, but love the ""simplicity"" when it comes to the controls. You'd think it might restrict the story line ...... but ermargerd this♥♥♥♥♥♥goes deep, lol.(PS: Watch some funny cat videos afterwards, it helps to clear the mind)"
,Recommended,319630,18782582,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mirao3o,"Warning: may have spoilersThat was a great experience.Life Is Strange is my very first game to complete in Steam, so I'm not sure how objective my review would be, but I would like to leave one, since I enjoyed playing this game.First, I was impressed by the little details. Being able to change small things like a friend getting hit by a ball, a small bird dying.. Also with the changes in the characters' dialogue and attitudes according to my small choices.Next, the storyline. I liked how the story generally flows, and the moral behind it - every choice brings a consequence. When someone wins, someone else needs to lose. When there's a bright side to something, something horrible is going on in the shadows.The characters. Each character had a unique personality and it was interesting to see how they would change when different decisions are made and they are put into different situations.The ending did wrap up the game well, though I think it could have been a little longer. I feel like it was a quick wrap up of everything by just saying ""then they happily lived after."" Maybe it's because I personally prefer happy endings, but I wish there were more happy scenes at the end. It felt like an open ending, leaving the players to dream of whatever they want. (like, what happens with Warren....? How do Chloe's parents recover from Chloe's death..?)Overall, it was a great game worth my bucks, and I would recommend this game. I am happy this was my first game to complete in Steam."
,Recommended,319630,25623321,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lionroar123,"This game is amazing. I played it to the end, and ended up developing a bond to the main character, and crying real tears, and smiling with the ups and downs of the game, and I am someone who didn't even cry when bambi's dad died.(i know im really hardcore). Honestly. I recommend this. 14/14"
76561198098418608,Recommended,319630,14263928,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Arne The Milkman,This is what i call a real good game. I normaly stay within shooting games but this game was really good! What i loved the most is how much you can find out about people if you want
,Recommended,319630,18113720,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sergio Alonso,As intense as TellTale's Walking Dead. Sometimes better.
76561198079525205,Recommended,319630,14362054,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mirror of Kalandra,"Truly a good game, totes worth the $5.49.Can't wait for episode 2!10/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,319630,15911159,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,god loves his children,♥♥♥♥♥ do not mess with FrankOr meYou got a snack?best line ever 69/10
76561198001135490,Recommended,319630,17508199,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,BabyCakes,"Best game I have played in awhile.  Although made by SquareEnix, it has the feel of an Indie game.  Best music and atmosphere.  Great story that really pulls you in.  5/5 Stars"
,Recommended,319630,17508921,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,The Legendary Professor Ping!,"So many reviews, won't bother adding to them. But this is a  gem. 5 thumbs up."
,Recommended,319630,14266873,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,alison,"Important note for tablet owners: in almost all the scripted sequences of this game, the speech and sound effects stutter annoyingly. Changing down to lowest res and lowest quality does not help matters - the interactive parts of the game are smooth and perfectly playable, but the scripted sequences really lose a lot of impact. Be prepared.Aside from the performance problems, this is a fantastic game. It feels like an interactive Pretty Little Liars, or walking around in a CW drama. The characters are very natural and believable, and it is a delight to explore the world. The puzzles aren't tough, but the story, music and overall atmosphere is really great. Looking forward to the upcoming episodes."
76561198141411541,Recommended,319630,14311783,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,komoki_emrys,"Reminds me of Beyond Two Souls and Heavy Rain a little. This game is like a choose your own adventure kind of game. Your choices have consequences although having the ability torewind timemakes it seem like less of an issue if you mess something up. So far there doesn't seem to be a limit to your powers and that in its self makes the main character slightly sue-ish. I'm very impressed with the game so far and can't wait to play more episodes.Right so episode 2 is now out and there is a limit to her powers. So she's less of a sue now.Oh man Episode 3! They always said messing with time had consequences but I didn't expect this!Episode 4: My first reaction: What have I done? *Starts sobbing*Episode 5: Having tochoose to sacrifice Chloe someone who is either your best friend or loverdepending on your choices was hard enough, but having to choose to sacrifice the lives of an entire town for said best friend/lover? Either way it's a lose lose situation.You'll cry either way."
,Recommended,319630,20280937,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fuzzbox,just finished episode 4 and its been an emotional rollercoaster. such a amazing story and a true contender for best narrative/story driven game. i never thought i would get so emotional over a game but i was genuinely moved and il gladly say i got teary eyed at one point. please pick up this game and give it a try
76561198193329391,Recommended,319630,20278220,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LOOK! A Bear,"Just like life. Sometimes, decisions meant something. Sometimes, they don't. And most of the time, they don't.Nature."
76561198018684573,Recommended,319630,14296370,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PortableSlipper,Already played through episode one twice. The only negative thing I can conjure is that I have to wait for episode two.
,Recommended,319630,14278848,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,the Bear,"This game sets a new bar for adventure games. In some ways it really bests the Telltale games. Most especially in graphical quality, and gameplay mechanic. I truly enjoyed my short experience with this title.The only negative point I have is that the lip syncing is sometimes quite strange. Mostly I'm able to let it slide as I watched cartoons as a kid and my brain is familiar with letting roughly shaped opening mouths represent speech, but this game has moments that even test that.The episode felt short, but all episodic games do to me; I think that speaks more about how much I got into the game rather than it actually being short. The soundtrack is amazing, if you like folksy indie music it's solid gold.I heartily recommend this game, at least dip your feet in on the first episode.4/5"
,Recommended,319630,18586238,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tippaah,yes hello no tears in my eyes here
,Recommended,319630,19470507,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,PMKNKAEK,Best Game
76561198135603508,Recommended,319630,17806527,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,kongreate,"++ Interesting story and characters++ Beautiful hand-painted visuals++ A soundtrack that makes you feel good++ Rewind the time and try something different++ Interesting story, can't wait for next episode!- Bad lip sync- Game can glitch out(rearly)Edit:My GOTYty so much DONTNOD for making this game"
,Recommended,319630,14426362,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,solecynic,Great game!  It's nice to see quality games like this are still being released.  Can't wait for the next episode
,Recommended,319630,16311342,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Killer Queen Gray,"If you have played and liked Telltale games, you will like this game even better. With time travel as a main mechanic of the game, you don't have to play through the whole thing over and over to know what your conciquence your choices will have. You can make a choice, rewind time and try a different one if you don't like the results of your choice. This eliminates the problem I had with Telltale games where sometimes dialogue options are presented unclearly, and you end up making choices you didn't want to.Another improvement on Telltale games is the unfixed camera. Trying to explore areas and see all the details in the world is much easier with control of the camera.But enough of comparing it to other things, looking at the story. I REALLY love a story that can do time travel well, and I believe this game handles it rather well. As a mechanic and story element, it just works really well. I don't want to spoil much so I can't give many examples, but there are some interesting Groundhog Day-ish scenes where you can talk with people, get to know them, rewind, and start a conversation with someone for the first time for them knowing all this information about them.But on the topic of talking to people: the lingo. Some of the things these characters say are cringe worthy at best (who the hell says ""ubercool"" or ""nosh some food""?) and that is one side of this game that seems like either whoever wrote these lines is 50 and thinks this is how kids talk now-a-days, or they had an actual 18 year old helping with the writing and that IS how kids talk now-a-days, and I don't know which option is worse. But I don't think it takes away too much from the game.Overall, so far through the game (Episode 3 is the last one that has been released so far at time of writing) it has shown itself to be a very well made game and is absolutely worth buying. I personally can not wait for the final 2 episodes to see where this story goes from here."
76561198071161241,Recommended,319630,20256010,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nasty Nate,Yes
,Recommended,319630,17062163,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ufeia,"Great game with a lot of replayability, it enjoys giving you choices though you could always rewind to explore even more choices. I manipulated all the students into loving me in the first episode much unlike how much they'd hate me prior to rewinding for information.The game allows you to focus on something and do it a lot to prove your point or not even touch it or pretend it doesn't exit!Have fun!"
,Recommended,319630,18637624,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,eyesofashes,Talk about a game that plays with your emotions. I absolutely loved this game and really hope they come out with another one. I could not stop crying at the end.
,Recommended,319630,20062083,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,phir,"This game is awesome, incredible, if you can handle the format it's a must-play."
,Recommended,319630,20056747,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,K1mster,Just buy it. NO QUESTIONS. JUST BUY! :3
76561198027252867,Recommended,319630,18591161,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bohimen,"This is a beautiful story on friendship and growing pains in every teenager. I can't say anything else about it without spoiling anything so. . . if you like a good story - buy it and play it. It has certainly made me think about how fragile life is, which was more than I was prepared to do, after every episode. A truly heart-wrenching experience."
76561198170448926,Recommended,319630,15482481,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,'The Falling Soldier',"This game is beautiful. So beautiful. It makes my heart sigh from the beautiful art style, wonderful music, and choices that feel like they really matter. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:1. Beautiful atmoshpere2.Crazy good music3. Great graphics4. Very intertwined story5. AMAZING POWER6. Makes you really regret your decisions7. Realistic charactersCon:1. A few minor glitches, but they are not very noticable.This game overall gets a 9/10 from me. A MUST buy. This was my game of the year for 2015."
76561198090223108,Recommended,319630,18108948,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Yames,Its SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD
,Recommended,319630,18716464,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Action Froggo,"Wow. Ending felt a little weird in the nightmare segment, but a spectacular game overall."
76561198080782075,Recommended,319630,19154453,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,p_b_irish,"This is by far one of the best written storylines for a game I have ever experienced, I HIGHLY reccomend you buy it... NOW! IT'S AMAZEBALLS"
76561198025488494,Recommended,319630,19154900,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Caelin,It feels wrong to refer to Life Is Strange as a game.  It is an experience that has evoked every emotion I have and made me think long and hard about the choices I have made in my life and the things I regret both doing and not doing.  Life Is Strange is the greatest mechanism for self-reflection I have yet encountered.I have recommended this to everyone I know and will post here as well to recommend it to all of the people that I don't.P.S.  Great soundtrack and Chloe is hot.
76561198160026619,Recommended,319630,19155636,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MsUberRawr,"I'm just about to dive into Episode 3 of the game and I have never felt so intense in playing a decision making game in a long time! Eveything coming at you all at once and whether or not if you should do what you feel the game is the safest route of go with your own gut instinct. Everything is so amazing right now, it is hard to put words to all the feelings you get from playing this game. 10/10 And with the annoucement of ""Life is Strange 2"", what can be better then that????"
76561198008385508,Recommended,319630,30591386,Posted: 18 March,all,polyethene,Bae > Bay <3
,Recommended,319630,19157589,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,qaz,"My personal faviroute game of all time. Although some of the puzzles are a little obscure, The game is truly captivating and has great replayability."
,Recommended,319630,19022799,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,|51st|.Lt.MarkvA,"Play this game. The first episode is somewhat ""slow"" as it's heavily focused on building characters and the world. I personally thoroughly enjoyed that episode as well, but I can imagine that some may consider giving up there: don't.Life is Strange is a game that touches you on so many levels. You care about the characters and the world. You're immersed in it. I don't think there's any media out there that has ever touched me like this game has."
,Recommended,319630,19021994,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Negaro of the Nigers,"How can I even put into words what this game is and what it means to me. This is a game that in 2 out of 5 epsiode endings made me cry and then cried again twice in Episode 5.I'm not even sure what makes this game so investing. Could it be the fantastic music, ranging from space rock to post rock to eerie, surrealism reminiscent of LIMBO. Or the gameplay and story, a game with actual consequences, unlike some other games and developers. *Telltale*Could it be the unique parts of the game, filled with ridiculous hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, which could get on your nerves, if it wasn't for the full package effect of this game. It all works and it all fits.So what makes this game great? It makes you care. Its emotional, philosophical, funny, depressing, tragic, triumphant. This is Life Is Strange.10/10"
76561198096052288,Recommended,319630,19005503,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,danielg927,"Dat moment when Bright Eyes comes on the radio and you're cuddling in bed with Chloe in that epic ""post sleep"" coziness with the morning sunlight flooding the room.Why on Earth would anyone ever get up from that. Just stay there forever. ♥♥♥♥ time.10/10, would explore getting my emo heart ripped apart and getting mindblown by time's relativity all over -- IN FACT, I can't wait to play this again now I can do all 5 episodes in a row, without the month wait in between each. Should add a totally different flow and feel to the game."
76561198041426008,Recommended,319630,19010784,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Volpi470,"The Journey of Max Caulfield and her friend Chloe through Schools, dark rooms and much more, is probably one of the best adventures that I have ever experienced,  the game keeps you captivated throughout even the boring parts, You always want to know more, you always want more photos, and you cannot wait for the next chapter. One of a kind, trully incredible.Happy Rob gives 9,7 / 10"
,Recommended,319630,19013269,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sylt,"Description of my thoughts playing the game ""Hey this game is pretty, i like the characters, oh some feels, uh-huh characters are developing, more feels, i think i am out of tears, OH MY GOD THE FEELS, STOP THE FEELS SOMEONE PLEASE, oh it's YOU, *heart stopping*, T.T"". People who tend to relate to character too much, be warned of this game."
,Recommended,319630,18961616,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BubbaG,This game will put you in a glass box of emotion
,Recommended,319630,16677196,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Surtr,"I played the first episode of Life is Strange, and I want more.I just picked it up off the Steam sale for two dollars because, hey, might as well give it a shot, and the world the game thrusted me into was pretty damn interesting. The story is pretty catching. I like how they incorporated time powers. In a way, it’s pretty much a rewind button that you can use in case something doesn’t go as planned. But in another way, it’s a way to see how everything plays out before you make a choice. Time rewinding or not, you’re still stuck with one option, and I like how they made the choices have plenty of impacts, and the subtle, long-term, implications of your actions.If I were to criticize it, I’d say that the protagonist (and a large degree of the cast for that matter) is rather… bland. They have their own dimensions and story, but none of them really stand out. Just the usual high-school tropes (Introverted loner, ♥♥♥♥♥y rich girl, punk rebel, jackass jock… Etc). Stuff you haven’t seen before. Which isn’t abadthing, just that it makes it harder to really - you know - care about the characters. Other times, I’d have to say that the writing/dialogue is wooden, forced, and contrived sometimes (Especially when they use the slangs. Please God no.). And the controls are… pretty awkward (Very hard to get used to). Well, I only played the first episode, so things might be different in the other episodes. Dunno.I’d still recommend Life is Strange if you want a storybased game. I’m pretty engaged in the story, and I want to see more.… I just have to wait two weeks before I get money again."
76561198087603125,Recommended,319630,16656498,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[BL] T-Fez,"I've never played a game like this, ever. I've played through a majority of all the ""the story is controlled by your actions"" games on steam (The Walking Dead, Wolf Among us etc) but for me personally, this game beats them by miles. I've lost sleep over some of the decisions I made in this game!And with the rewind feature, it adds a new element to puzzles and solving things. It's also an incredible tool if you've made a decision by accident. It gives you enough space to know what could happen without revealing the entire consequence of your choice. It's not the typical malevolent or righteous choices, each decision really has an effect on the story, either in the present or in the long run.Plus the polaroid camera stuff is cute as hell =)"
,Recommended,319630,16562975,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Unidentified Flying Cupcake,"I don't quite know where to start.without giving anything away, this game is so amazing.Everything about it, the characters, the graphics, the scenery but the most important of all, the pure emotion you feel with the characters. The end of Episode 3 left me and I think most people who played this game in shock.This game ruined my life...But seriously, the writing is incredible and so awe inspiringI don't care what kind of gamer you are. Play this game!!"
,Recommended,319630,16691751,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Phatman,Solid-me
,Recommended,319630,16705793,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cabbagest,Emo simulator 2015
,Recommended,319630,16622432,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Keldron,"An amazing story, would recommend it to everyone who likes games with a meaning!Episode 3 will literaly blow your mind, let's hope episode 4 is released soon!"
,Recommended,319630,16697762,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iLikeToast,it only gets better
76561197990826738,Recommended,319630,16628893,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mr_Q,decent story but buggy as ♥♥♥♥
76561198126718655,Recommended,319630,16699989,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Thomfoolery,TWO GIRLS JUST KISSED 9/11 I'M SOLID
76561198175310607,Recommended,319630,16699591,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Danmeddeg,"Life is Strange is like a box of chocolates; You are so eager to enjoy it the more intensely you can, but still, you wish it would never come to an end."
,Recommended,319630,16766171,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sufyanmukadam98,The only game where choises truly matter and one of the rare games with an amazing soundtrack.
76561198041253395,Recommended,319630,18139001,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,El-Producto,"The dialogue/slang is dated and cringey at times, the character's are a little too on the mark and cliche'd but to be fair, it's still early days for videogames and this is a bonafide classic.This game is truly the first of its kind with it's lush saturized mise en scene/cinematography and it's tough choices/clever plot. The characters, although cliched do feel incredibly genuine, the reactions feel real and measured, this is a game that pays attention to the film scene especially the fields of realism.Pick up this piece of history on a sale, it won't dissapoint you."
,Recommended,319630,17797150,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shootin Pootin,"There is only one word that describes this game perfectly: ""Wowser"""
76561198041396270,Recommended,319630,18650146,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,aezekiel,This game brought forth feels I never knew I could have. And then it destroyed them all.10/10 would let this game wreck emotional havoc on me again.
,Recommended,319630,18591144,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ashleigh,This game has scarred me for life
76561198071521270,Recommended,319630,15975832,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Frog,This game is so full of emontion I just cant
,Recommended,319630,18432999,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,shinobukyu,"JUST BUY IT!DO IT!Yesterday you said you want to play an amazing game. Don't let your dreams be dreams. So, just do it.Honestly it's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. The graphics are ok but not the best.Price overall is amazing for the quality of product and anything tho.The story is perfect, and never boring...I love the characters :D especially Max... holy ♥♥♥♥ I wish I had a Max hahahaha :D"
,Recommended,319630,18684933,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,dagger,super gay and i love it
76561198062729091,Recommended,319630,18670132,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SpazMastaJackal,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. If you haven't picked up this game, now is the time to do it. All 5 episodes are out now and you need to play this game. Every episode has gut-wrenching decisions that you wish you didn't have to make, but that is what makes the game great. If you've ever played the 2 seasons of Telltale's The Walking Dead, then you know what heartbreak feels like, but The Walking Dead seasons compared to Life is Strange makes the Walking Dead seems almost more like a comedy and light-hearted game. Life is Strange seriously wants to make you cry at the decisions you make. These choices can and WILL drastically change the way the game is played. I was torn after each choice I made and wished I could just make both of them or neither of them. Overall, Life is Strange is a must play for anyone who likes a great story-driven game. Life is Strange should seriously be considered for game of the year. I recommend that everyone play this game."
76561198161919007,Recommended,319630,18618268,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Thumb475,"Now that all 5 episodes are out I whole-heartedly recommend this game. Yes, there is a bit of a drop off in Episode 5 but that doesn't mean you should not play it through to the end. This game is cinematic and unique in the best possible ways. The only problem I have with the game is that those that start playing the game now will not know the torture of waiting between episodes. Epic cliff-hangers!"
,Recommended,319630,18133772,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bubble Buddy,"This game hugely exceeded my expectations. It is incredible in terms of Athmosphere, dialogue and characters and is easily one of my favorite games. Dontnod knows exactly what you expect and how to ♥♥♥♥ with your mind. Playing this game has been an incredible journey from beginning to end."
,Recommended,319630,16880068,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Enwrong,"This game is a true work of art, in every sense. It's the first game I have played in a very very long time that totally captivates you. So far, it feels like every choice you make has a consequence & after you've made that choice, you ponder whether or not it's the right one. The visuals are great, the music is beautiful & relaxing the characters seem pretty stereotypical(& great) & the game doesn't feel like a chore, you actually want to read everything in the game. It's probably the first game I've played that makes you also consider how your choices will impact on other characters & you also can picture yourself in their shoes.A true masterclass & I'm only finished episode 1.More of the same, please!"
,Recommended,319630,16848654,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Bagel216,"I highly reccomend this game it is a piece of artwork. This game has beautiful graphics, perfect music choice, and a story that is absolutely incredible. Its story is written similar but better than The Walking Dead Game and The Wolf Among Us (which if you haven't played I highly reccomend those too.) Life is Strange is the first game I haven't had any complaints about. Hopefully you will buy this game and enjoy the beautifully written story and all its characters."
76561198018527454,Recommended,319630,15114757,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,randylvc,ok so I admit I was not exspecting much from this game.. seemed like it was going to be a chick kind of game..  I play loads of shooters and so on..This game.. sucked me in...  made me think and double guess every choice i made....The sesons are pretty fast I've run through both of them twice in about 4 8 hours of playtime....The storyline is magic.. my mind is still trying to put the main plot together.  Any game that has you thinking about all the twist and turns it could take.. is a winner to me...  This is a great little time killer!  fun to play and far better then i thought it would be...  It's a nice break from the point click and reload games that i tend to play all the time!
,Recommended,319630,18687415,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,voidindex,"One of the best games I have ever played ... and I really mean it!Like Max (the main character in ""Life is strange"") I felt like travelling back in time - I was feeling like a teenager again ... when I played games like ""Monkey Island"" and ""Maniac Mansion"" back in the 90's - I don't mean that this is the same style of game - it is not a point&click adventures or something! What I mean is the enthusiasm and the general feeling while playing this game. Yes, sometimes the story is a bit predictable and yes, sometimes the dialogues are cheesy and yes, the ending(s) is indeed kinda strange and still ... ""Life is strange"" is just ... just ... just play it!I can totally recommend this game!10/10"
,Recommended,319630,14342689,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Limão,Awesome story. Awesome interaction. Awesome character. Awesome game. Dontnod did an awesome job with this one.
76561198039864379,Recommended,319630,18715163,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus,"Fiction terrifies me, I’m not the same person anymore. The very nature of my reality, my thoughts, my morality, have changed because of a fiction. A lie, a god damn lie, a beautiful, terrifying, and shocking, lie. In the end though it was worth it more than worth it, it’s the best game I’ve played this year and even with other titles yet to come out I don’t see that changing, I was hesitant to spent the money on this game but now that it’s over I would spent double the money then that again. A fiction that changed me in a way fiction hasn’t for years. Art is something made to be beautiful or to evoke emotion, well this game is beautiful, and it has evoked the kind of emotion I can barely handle, made me feel in a way I thought I couldn’t. If anyone wants to know why video games are art point them toward this, this wonderful, horrible, impeccable, lovely, impossible, unforgettable, fiction."
76561198043536388,Recommended,319630,18600534,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Brock<3,So good that i get the feels again when i listen to the sound track
,Recommended,319630,18625948,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,REVOLVER OCELOT,"""Thank you for playing Life Is Strange - season 1""Ok...I feel hella better now."
,Recommended,319630,15899209,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,hannik,"Amazing game, Great story, Awesome Graphics.I would definitely recommend people buy this game.About the ending of Episode 3 (personal opinion): It is a really sad ending and I really hope that the things that changed at the end of the episode will go back to normal by the end of the game.But all in all I love this game and really looking forward to seeing what happens next!!!"
76561198049061151,Recommended,319630,18670723,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Koura,I wish that the decisions made in the earlier games affected the gameplay in the last episode more. Great game overall!
76561198177539499,Recommended,319630,16901624,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mizako,"This game completley inserts you into Maxine's world at Blackwell Academy. Its so fun and bright, it just makes you feel all warm and fuzzy :D i love how the choices in the game reflect on the story so much so, that in the end, it is to every players liking, and hence, NO BAD REVIEWS!!!! Really brilliant game, that is in fact, ""for everyone""."
76561198043108078,Recommended,319630,16936187,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ikagun,Hella good
,Recommended,319630,16925065,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Aleforge,"35 year old man here who was shocked how good the game was. I felt a little odd playing a 18 year old girl in highschool. But soon you start to realize we were all teenagers at one time going through lifes struggles like Max. Thats how it pulls you and very quickly makes you have nastolgic flash backs. Then things just get better from there.I wasn't sure how the time rewind feature really would play out. It ended up much simpler and your able to use it often. So if you don't like how dialog for instance works out you can start the conversations over. And of course it allows you to solve puzzles, which are fairly clear and enjoyable.There is an early part where Max puts her head phones on and indie music starts playing as your walking around observing. Indie music is integrated throughout the game and it makes the game feel like the flood of popular movies (indie) of the 2000's. This is actually pretty nice.I love the art style of the game, after completing all the telltale games I really welcome the change. The 3D movement control is adequate, and the scenes well designed. After the first ""dream sequence"" you end up in a classroom where little dust particles float through the sun rays. It just felt very immersive.I can't reccomend this game enough. Even if this type of genre isn't usually your thing I think it will win you over."
,Recommended,319630,16930777,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,FLOWEY THE FLOWER,"I never really expected this game to be this awesome. Every Life Is Strange™ episode leaves me wanting more. Nice and calm soundtrack, epic storyline, awesome gameplay, very much fulfilling experience.A must-have!"
76561198149493687,Recommended,319630,16924881,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sa3fan,I love this game
76561198072946960,Recommended,319630,16918564,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,pi_lambda,"In essence, this is a modern adaptation of the ""choose-your-own-adventure"" genre. You guide the protagonist, Max Caulfield, through her decisions and interactions. The wrinkle that Dontnod added is that Max has the ability to reverse time, thereby allowing the player to undo the most recent decisions and to experiment with the different choices and their respective, immediate consequences. As the story plays out, however, this mechanic reveals the fascinating paradox where even one with the power to manipulate time cannot control the future. A pleasing soundtrack and art style complements a story whose atmoshere alternates between mellow and mysterious; there's Max's typical school life but also her investigations into her powers and the connections between her school and the disappearance of a student months prior. This isn't an action-packed game for those who want to push a lot of buttons; it's more like a movie where one gives the occasional input but mostly sits back and watches the thought-provoking story unfold.Things I like:This is a game that rewards players who are patient and explore everythingA soundtrack so good that I sometimes just leave the game inactive and listenA story that's briming with mystery and intrigue, and characters with more personality and depth than typical gamesThough players may dislike certain outcomes, the game isn't about morality and doesn't force players to make a ""right"" choice to continue. There is no right or wrong choice. You make decisions, decisions have consequences, and life goes on. It's refreshing to have a game that shows a world that isn't binary.Things I dislike:The colloquialisms. Maybe young adult women really talk and write like that. I wouldn't know.If one were really trying to nitpick, one could raise issues with the matte style graphics and the lip sync issues. Personally, however, I like the art style and find the lip sync no worse than anime. (In either case, the lip sync doesn't bother me.)"
76561197973187387,Recommended,319630,16829117,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,RedStorM,This is what I've been searching for a long time!Great game!Keep up the excelent work! :D
,Recommended,319630,17037726,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,seriouslaci,this game is worth a million words
76561198239722690,Recommended,319630,17117918,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,steph01mami,"Love this game!!!! Great story,controls,just beautiful. Impatiently waiting on episode 4"
76561198028077955,Recommended,319630,17119625,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Death58,"I am exhausted, but I must say that this is one of the most intense video game experiences I have ever had in my life.Pick this game up if you get the opportunity. It will change the way that you look at the world around you, and it's amazing to see a video game that has the ability to do that. After you finish, in the words of Cowboy Bebop, ""You're gonna carry that weight. . .""Play this--PLAY IT.I give it a 5 out of 5."
76561198071393090,Recommended,319630,17121395,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Onion Kung,"Cool game indeed, best chance to practice the one dream we all have, ""what if we can relive that one time when we do that stupid thing/ decision and undo it''"
,Recommended,319630,16031665,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Fogwalker,"One of the top 10 games I have played, the story is wonderful and you very quickly build feelings of empathy towards the characters. I am excited to see what happens in the next chapters."
76561198200537471,Recommended,319630,17308594,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lex_Luthor,"Such an amazing game, the immersion is so strong I felt I have developed such strong connections to the characters that I really care about the choices I make. Visually beautiful with an amazing soundtrack, I will be replaying Episodes 1-4 over and over until Episode 5 is released If you are looking for a beautiful point and click WASD adventure, with phenomenal storyelling Square Enix delivers with this title! 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,16606086,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Arkh,"A beautifully written adventure game - and a worthy alternative to Telltale's recent titles for certain.Life is Strange combines a very atmospheric charm to a multi-layered and fascinating story, complete with flawed and nuanced characters.While the animations might not be top tier - the lip synch being the main offender, it shouldn't prevent you from trying out the game. You might just get sucked in - and it's a memorable trip."
76561198124580685,Recommended,319630,17406837,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,bubblekitten12,It's easily one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198014531889,Recommended,319630,18599296,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,el_Vik,"I got into this game after a friend of mine told me I could like it. He knows I like the setting, this high school cliché kind of thing. I started playing it without much of a certain expectation. But I was blown away as soon as I was half into episode 1. The game also somehow managed to get more awesome, interesting and thrilling episode by episode.As I just now carefully rushed (I'm still really confused) through episode 5 I decided I had to write my very first review on steam. THIS GAME IS AWESOME, YOU HAVE TO GET IT."
,Recommended,319630,18599828,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,💨 Stilly,"===Written after finale.===TL;DR, buy the entire game, don't just buy the first episode. It's worth it.==Review==The way Life is Strange expressed its story gave me more chills and emotions than any other game. The last game that gave me such a strong vibe was Bioshock Infinite, which was a master piece imo. It's perhaps better than any other episodic games like Telltale's work.#PLOT - PositiveI'll try not to spoil much but it's basically this. The main character, Max Caufield, learned that she could manipulate time and did lots of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥with her friend, Chloe Price, who she hadn't met in years. While it sounded like a simple plot, it's not, at all. They discovered way more when Max was messing with time.#Gameplay - PositiveSo that's the plot, how about the game? The story felt vivid and real for me. Especially with the game's OST, it's brilliant. Don't even get me started on the details; man, were they spot on. Every posters, every objects, they took the time to add subtle details everywhere. Even the foreshadowing throughout each episode. The rewind mechanism was unique,and the ability to rewind time.#Gameplay - NegativeThere are also very limited choices at some situation. It's like you're forced to do a certain storyline. There just isn't enough freedom in my opinion. But again, that happens in almost every episodic adventure games.#Visuals - NeutralHowever, this is not the game for you if you're looking for AMAZING IRL GRAPHICS or AMAZING ANIMATION. Oh and, just a heads up, if you heard anything bad about the lip-sync in the recent months for the first 3 episodes; don't worry, it's fixed in a recent patch, all of the lipsync issues were fixed.Aside from all of this, from an artistic standpoint, the game looks amazing. It's got its own style and everything.#Plot / Ending - NegativeNow there are still a couple of flaws in this game, the most notable one is the ending. Man, did they ♥♥♥♥ it up.Please keep in mind that there are spoilers here. So please, if you haven't played the game, please don't read the spoiler part.The episode 5 ending was basically this.""guys we did it we solved the whole blackwell students missing case, woo""""nvm i forgot about the storm""&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥now i'll have to decide bae over bay or bay over bae""It's the typical GOOD and BAD ending. And all of our choices in the previous episodes does not matter in the end.It's either bay dies or bae dies.Lots of people over at /r/LifeisStrange argued that it may be the budget cut or lack of time.EDIT: Confirmed, team said it was due to budget limit.Our choices were supposed to matter in the end, or should have given us a third ending. There's nothing.It's just ""lol look i saved chloe and the entire town just got destroyed, no big deal bro,"" and they just drove to the sunset, SMILING. Note that I went for the save the bay ending, I just watch the other on YouTube; it's not good enough, Chloe did not react to the fact that she just tore the bloody photo apart at all.I would have loved more different endings, but then again, I don't know what I had expected. I guess something like Heavy Rain or Beyond: Two Souls level, where there are more than 5 endings and choices does matter in the end.That was not to say I didn't enjoy the game. I hella did. The ending still made me want to cry, so did many scenes throughout the season. It's just that I wish they had made a better ending.I DO hope that there's a Season 2, which may happen although may be a different set of people rather than Max and Chloe. Really loved the Max and Chloe ship though, oh well.===================To conclude this review -Pros -+Offers multiple profile for saving, and able to start from anywhere in a chapter+Fantastic soundtrack+Beautiful storyline+Great VA+Lots of details put into the game+Unique style+Unique gameplayCons --Limited choices-Rushed ending"
76561198118179701,Recommended,319630,18505793,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,JohannaStein,Choose wisely because in this life unfortunately you don't have a chance to rewind.This game definitely got its own brilliant and fragile style.BTW soundtrack is really something!10/ 10 selfies
,Recommended,319630,18071186,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ante,"Reaction:Episode 1: Hey it's a fun game, I like that graphics and characters !Episode 2: Mmmmh, it seems it is going far deeper thant expected.Episode 3: Oh. My. God.Episode 4: W-W-W-Whaaaaat?? Why?Episode 5: I'm not crying... No... I...Pros:- the graphics- the soundtrack- the story- the ability to rewind time, which can help you make descisions- the impact of each choice you make- the voices- the charactersCons:- bad lips-sync- it endsIt is really a GOTY for me. 10/10. My life will be empty now. But for new people: the episode 1 is kind of a lie, because you just can't expect the storm that is coming into your face."
,Recommended,319630,18620711,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kobeboy™,"The game overall is a magnificent masterpiece. The last episode fell a bit short in the sense that, all the choices that I have made that have been leading to this very episode didn't have that big of an impact in the concluding chapter. However, I don't see that as a major issue, just a minor one. What matters is the overall game, and it saddens me that my journey has finally ended. Life is Strange is a game I often recommend to my friends for its story and simple gameplay mechanics.""It's not about the destination, but about the journey."""
,Recommended,319630,15684720,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Wicked,At First if you based the game purely on Episode 1 I would of told you that the choices didn't seem to have much effect and that it felt like your choices didn't matter in the slighest however now that episode 2 was released it is 100% Clear that your choices do have a massive effect on the storyline and if they continue this trend with the next 3 Episodes this will a truly amazing game.Even with the two Episodes that are out now I reccomend everyone to try it out as even the first two episodes are great!Just my two centsWicked
76561198025484706,Recommended,319630,18621401,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Larsue,"Life is Strange is one of the best games that I've played in many years. Everything from the writing, the voice acting and the visual imagery are masterfully done. And the soundtrack is an excellent compliment to the experience.Choices in this game matter as I've learned during my time in game. The concept of time travel is there but it is not a mechanism to change everything but merely to explore immediate alternate possibilities in some cases.The game is incredibly moving and I found myself crying in many instances throughout my time in-game. You know an experience is truly exceptional when you can really identify with the characters, grow to love them and feel a sense of loss when the story ends as your time with this magical endeavor has ended.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves story-based games where choices matter."
,Recommended,319630,18586230,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Teraxas,"One of the best episodic adventures. Both calming and thrilling at the same time.Unlike Telltale games, where the first episode is the best, Dontnod managed to make every episode of Life Is Strange interesting and of high quality. Having bought seasons pass after trying out the first episode, I've never felt like quality of the game dropped.There are some minor problems. The dialogs sometimes sound a bit silly. And the ending for me wasn't as detailed as I expected. But all in all the game is a must buy and totally worth every cent you pay for it."
,Recommended,319630,14371044,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Prophetweb66,nice game. it's a must play
,Recommended,319630,18597666,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hamlet,"The last episode of Life is Strange came out yesterday. I've been really rooting for the creators and hoping they will manage to deliver a satisfying finale for this game.And they did.For those unfamiliar with it – it’s an episodic ‘drama adventure’, as they claim. It is basically like a tv series (pretty good one) but with a lot of interactivity. The choices you make either have a huge impact on the story or at least they are very good at pretending they do – either way it works for me.(Don’t laugh). Life is Strange tells a story about a girl who discovers she is able to rewind time. At first she uses this ability to solve stereotypical High School drama problems, but with every single episode the story gets deeper. And darker. Don’t be fooled by the beginning. It’s not, of course, a Lovecraft level, but not so far from King's.What else I can say without spoilers – it’s really good. Made me wait (2 months each!) for the next episodes to come (cliff-hangers…) and cause serious deficit of sleep today. All episodes were fine, but the second one destroyed me, I don’t remember when I was that emotionally engaged in a video game. Also, they thought about the story from the start, so there are no loose ends.I highly recommend.Also – the soundtrack is pretty good !"
,Recommended,319630,18578330,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Victoria The Eternal,"Do you love to cry? Do you find yourself thinking, ""my eyes are too hydrated, I need to cry more""? If so, Life Is Strange is perfect for you. This game is perfect for cleansing eyes with fresh tears. I sure do love crying."
,Recommended,319630,15181651,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mac DeMarco,"luv this game so much, recommend more people to play it , i rate this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,14368471,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kinetic,"Well, that was really entertaining... Sort of makes me wish i had this power. Imagine all the things you could get away with. Like punching that one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at a bar and reversing it afterwards with great satisfaction, also without the borken nose of yours."
76561198174431199,Recommended,319630,18596543,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Emilykg28,"Wow. I've just finished the finale and I can honestly say that it's the best game i've ever played. The story, the music, the gameplay... All of it was amazing. The characters were very detailed and that meant that it was easy to get attached to them (seriously, I cried three times). It was extremely immersive and the endings of each episode were perfect. I loved how even the smallest details mattered in the end, eveything tied together. (Speaking of endings, that was so emotional! Get the tissues out!)I 100% recommend this game, please please play it!!"
76561198231794636,Recommended,319630,18596814,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CatzGalore,"10/10 would recommend this amazing,  heart warming game, it actually made me cry in a couple chapters. Overal would love to see another game like this!"
,Recommended,319630,17770049,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Flatbush Zombies,10/10 would sacrifice an entire town to be a lesbian.
,Recommended,319630,17562879,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Postmodern,I do not regret the choices I have made. Only those I have not.
76561198040856982,Recommended,319630,18528808,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hozerkiller,This game is so close to perfect it's not even funny. Everything from the visuals to the characters and the story but what really ties it all together is the soundtrack of the gem of a game. There are moments where you will just want to chill and listen to people make small talk while a wonderful song plays in the background just because everyone feels so real.
76561198035347517,Recommended,319630,18009519,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TigerPaw,"This game is AMAZING! Only tried the first episode. However, I'm so hooked that I have to buy the rest! Really excellent storyline and gameplay. Very unique, 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,319630,18604929,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ηє××i,"Besides the slightly botched ending, one of the best gaming experiences i've had. If you like games with a heavy focus on story, character development and a bit of puzzling, this game is for you."
,Recommended,319630,18037650,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lala Pixie,Played my first epi - OMG Loved it Dont know why it took me so long to buy this! <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,319630,24923424,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Sassy Sloth,"I just finished playing this game, and I've gotta say that I've never been so emotionally impacted by a game, ever. But this game, oh this game has everything, a good background story that keeps you from quiting the game until u finish it, amazing graphics that makes you appreciate them in such a deep level, and the music, it gives it a special touch that you can only achieve with certain types of melodies like those shown in the game. The voice actors are amazing btw, i dont know how they capture so many emotions with only their voice and each voice in my opinion suits the charatecs perfectly. If you are reading the reviews to check if its good enough, it is trust me and I really hope it makes you feel emotionally happy, just like it made it feel. Congratulations to the developers, artists, voice actors, script creators and all of those who contributed to the making of these art piece. Me and probably the whole community thanks you for this. Thank you for all."
,Recommended,319630,18577234,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shmil,great game so far
,Recommended,319630,16613279,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Quetzalcuetzpalin,"Smart, intriguing and brimming with atmosphere and just *feeling*, know what I mean?just played through Episode 3 and might as well start some more playthroughs while I wait for 4&5. Though some dialogues may feel forcefully 'trying to fit the times' they aren't as immersion-breaking as one might think (the game itself pokes fun at its own script and usual clichés of its genera)If there's a problem with it, it would be its pacing (even without exploring all options it does feel a tad bit lagging from time to time) and the few times when decisions fall into black-and-white choices.That said, this game has made me actually *think* for a few minutes before deciding on something. Almost every time I see that butterfly indicator (great nod to 'The butterfly Effect') I get this mixed feelings of both dread and intrigue;'What's going to happen because of this? Who will get hurt? Will this actually help or hinder an antagonist's plans or a character I care about?'I don't want to spoil anything, but if you're a player who wants to experience a story where the narrative reigns supreme and don't mind the down-to-earth gameplay and pacing... It seldom gets any better than this!A fair warning though, the story tends to not pull its punches and can get very dark and bleak depending on your decisions, I do believe even if you go as good as you can, it is not a happy tale... It does know when to lay-off the gloom when it's too much though.9/10- Can't wait to explore the story possibilities, even if some might make me cringe or cry!"
,Recommended,319630,16639132,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Petroph,"I loved the Walking Dead Season 1 and Season 2 games. Just got drawn in and loved that decisions can affect the story in almost every way. Life is Strange is definitely not Walking Dead, but the story is just as good if not better. The best part, you can “Rewind” and change the outcome of something you possibly did not want to say, something I wished to have a great deal in any game based on big decisions.The soundtrack is spectacular! The game introduces its outstanding soundtrack in various parts of the game. Sometimes I tend to “fully” explore the area while listening to the sound track. The soundtrack goes quite well without interrupting any commentary while observing and hearing the thoughts of Max Caulfield, the main character.The story is breathtaking! I honestly didn’t expect the story to grab me very quickly. From the very first moment of the game, I was compelled to explore every corner of the area to hear what the character was thinking and what she wanted to say. Talking to the various students, bring a sense of life to the environment of a school showing you that each character has their own personality that slowly begin to understand as the story progresses. I, for one, can’t wait for all episodes to release, so I can just replay the entire story again in one fell swoop and possibly another time to go down various story paths that I may have not seen before.The gameplay is unique has never been done before! At least on any game I’ve played. As said above, being able to rewind a conversation and start over really gets you thinking about the story path you want to take. Make a mistake, just rewind and do it the way you want. Make a major decision, and didn’t like the outcome, just rewind and try another path. Unlike The Walking Dead games I have played for many hours, I don’t have to “restart” a checkpoint to change a potentially wrong decision I was not happy with. This gameplay mechanic really helps you out in certain situations as well.The graphic art style is great! You won’t see graphics that make a high end graphics card sweat, but the unique art style really brings life to the game. The vivid colors used and the environment is crafted in great detail.With every episode the story gets deeper and draws you in. This is by far one of the best singleplayer experiences I’ve ever had the pleasure of playing. I literally can’t wait until the entire season is released. My only hope, is that after all 5 episodes release, there may even be a continuation of the story, as the characters that have developed so much after the current 3 seasons that are out as I type this. I would hate to see this completely end. Definitely a must buy regardless of the price!"
,Recommended,319630,15040262,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,smile,Awesome.
,Recommended,319630,14288314,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Elly,"At first i like ""oh maaaan, another telltale♥♥♥♥♥♥like drama"" but then ""U CAN REWIND TIME LIL' ♥♥♥♥♥""Would play again. 10 / 10."
,Recommended,319630,16603375,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheLadyOfWar,"This game is really awesome! The Mistery history, the caracters, the graphs, the soundtrack sz. I recommend the game, do you want mistery and and anxiety, (because of the expected episodes) BUY THIS GAME."
76561198086386427,Recommended,319630,16729450,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,♕NEVER♕,once I play this game I just forget my life temporarily
76561198113916506,Recommended,319630,16666547,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,omar-obaid1,i recommend this game (the best)
,Recommended,319630,16660758,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FLaw<,"Really engaging story. Sometimes the main character can be annoying, but if you enjoy consequence and interesting plotlines, play this."
76561197979264787,Recommended,319630,14362353,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rain Wizard,"A lovely game, tailor made for story nerds who don't want to be arsed with new, witty and ultimately unnecessary game mechanics to thin games out (yes, I am talking about QTEs).Life Is Strange is pure exploration, monologuing and decesion-making, much like the well known Telltale games, so the players will know exactly what they're getting when buying this game.I'm not going to cover it on sunshine and rainbows though, because it is not a flawless game. The most obvious flaws being that of the terrible lip-syncing and the minimal amount of facial expressions by the characters. It is of course possible that this will be corrected, or at least improved upon, in the later episodes. Only time will tell.To finish this off, I'll give a quick (not really) summary for the TLDR people and leave it there. Good luck, and have fun. =)>>> Thumbs up <<<Well thought out storyline and clever writingLarge variety of things to interact with and explore in the worldNO QTEs (thank you so much for this!)>>> Thumbs down <<<Some of the characters are fairly generic and unoriginal (I'm not going to say this is bad per-se, but it means you can predict where their story is headed from a mile away, which is not a good trait either)Lip-syncing needs massive improvements. I advise just not looking at their mouths while playing, because it simply does not match with their voice at all.Final score: 84/100"
,Recommended,319630,17445775,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Anderson,"A really solid Episodic story game. Though the first episode has it's hiccups (cringeworthy dialogue, uneven character models) the game really grows on the player as well as the many characters in it. The story has a good balance of whimsical fun and intense mystery, and the story lays itself out really well.Major props to the amount of detail and explorable little things in the game. It really enriches the game as a whole."
76561198022977765,Recommended,319630,18641271,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Майкл,Being the big bowl of blubba that I am I cried like a lot during the last scene.Emotional trauma/10
76561198030830121,Recommended,319630,18640556,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lauchboy,"While playing this game, i asked myself ""did i miss my chances?""Life is Strange is a game worth playing!!You are constantly asking yourself, if you took the right choices.The whole game shows you emotions that you wanna and dont wanna feel.Life Is Strange 10/10"
76561198192323321,Recommended,319630,18640712,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,NeonNinja,so emotinal epic and amazing you should try again
,Recommended,319630,18640789,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,JRufu,"Life is Strange is a game that left my brain scrambled after every episode. Not that every twist is suprising or that the game is perfect, but on an emotional, cerebral level, it gets in there and makes you end an episode and have to just take a moment to... process.A great experience."
,Recommended,319630,18641996,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The last second breakfast,"i have never felt so much like piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ after playing this story. if you want to spend alot of time buling a story and getting to know all the people in this world, just so you can get♥♥♥♥♥♥on... then this is the game for you... one of the best games i have ever played. 11-10"
,Recommended,319630,17854556,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,mooly,"Just played Eps 1-4.Analyse every single thing that pops in the game; I MEAN IT XD. There are already so many theories by fans out there since this game is not meant to be upfront but hey, that's the fun part: The abduction and induction that goes inside your head in trying to decipher all the pieces in this story. ENJOY <3"
76561198041647201,Recommended,319630,18602168,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Otaku Tako,"A teenage girl that has the power to rewind time sounds like the stupidest and cheesiest storyline, but don't let that fool you. This game was emotionally heavy, intense, and completely unpredictable. I loved it. If you're looking for a point and click with a nailbiting storyline, this is the game for you. Bonus: great soundtrack. 5/5"
,Recommended,319630,18632018,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BOT Vegan,"This game. If you like a sort of visual novel that changes with your decisions; welcome. This game has stunning graphics, (although a bit pc intensive) and an amazing story behind it. There were several key points thoughout the game where i was left with my mouth wide open in utter shock of what had just happened.Every episode is masterfully crafted to go along with the story, but still manage to flip it on it's head at the same time. Episode 5 really took the risk and pulled out all the stops when it comes to story. The dark room, the storm, and many other storylines all come together and pan out how you want them. It was a little hard to follow at times in episode 5 when reality breaks apart, but i think thats what they were going for.Overall, This game is one of the most well made games i've ever played. If/when life is strange 2 comes out, ill be sure to pick ip up in a heartbeat.10/10."
76561198135123401,Recommended,319630,15941294,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Skraye,Absolutely Amazing.Soundtrack really makes it.
,Recommended,319630,18633140,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Versas,I wanna to play that again for the first time just to feel all those decisions again.Definitely worth it.10/10.
,Recommended,319630,18637556,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Twop3nny,oh man... this game. I know it won't appeal to everybody but Life Is Strange really hits you deep. There aren't enough games that do such a great job at drawing out your emotions. So if you're into that kind of thing you will not regret playing this game.
76561198147650286,Recommended,319630,18637675,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Yarin,lets say i cried alot :P worth the money
,Recommended,319630,18639175,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SWEtea,"Strong story, good content, nice environment.About strong friendship, bullying and drugs.It gave me tears in my eyes a few times.10/10"
76561198079771640,Recommended,319630,18589631,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheRedFinch,Honestly one of the best game i have ever played the detail an story are 20 out of 10! You get sucked up into the characters fun an mind bogling puzzles. The game gives you a diffrent perspective on how to approach things. You become emotionally attached to characters an cant help but get hit by the feels in some parts. The only con so far is the lip sync with the aduio but its not bad enough that it dosent take away from the game. The choice of music is amazing an fits this world harmonusly. The choices are heart wrenching. Most deffinatly one of the best games I have played 2015 an I am thrilled to hope to see much more from Dontnod
,Recommended,319630,18600988,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Firefly11211,Wow what a game. From episode one this game grabed my attention and i thought it would be good. I however when i first heard of the game i did not think much of it till i watched a play though of the first episode and then i was hooked. This is one of those games that grabbed my attention and was perfectly done for me.This game clicked with me so much. i loved every part of it (even the ending tho i hate them for it while loving they did it). I have never played a game and captured by it like this game and if you are willing to put your self in Maxs shoes and go though it feeling the burnden and choices she has to make as if it was you will be crying at mulitple points. I cannot recommend this game enough for me it is simply one of the best games ever made (tho biased because it did click with me).I hope this review helps
,Recommended,319630,18587393,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TedD1,Mind blowing. In a good way =)
,Recommended,319630,18633751,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing game. I mean, really. This isn't a game about some strange girl who gets some magical power; it goes from a typical teen drama to something more real and heartbreaking than that. It's about people and the lives they lead while you're away. Love, loss, peace, sonder. ♥♥♥♥.The soundtrack is fantastic, too."
,Recommended,319630,14323859,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DoggyFluffyFace,"Long story short, this is the best game I've ever played. The universe and atmosphere are so interesting and lively, the story goes from cutesy highschool drama to really dark themes very quickly and finally, and most importantly, this game made me feel something. I genuinely cared for the wellbeing of the two main characters which is more than I can say for any game I've played previously and this only adds the the emotional devastation that comes from some scenes. The only one thing about the game I could say I dislike is the endings clearly limited by time constraint and budget but otherwise, the experience was one that I'll not soon forget. If you're thinking of buying this game, stop thinking. You're only wasting the time you could be spending playing it.9.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,16744967,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Luxo,One Of the Best Single Player games Out There right Now. I Strongly recomend it
76561198085568319,Recommended,319630,16738649,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Electrada,"I only played the first chapter, but I'm definitely getting the rest! I loved this game. It's atmosphere, its story they are amazing! Haven't played such a great game in a while :D Plus who wouldn't want to be able to rewind time, right? ;)"
,Recommended,319630,16736188,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Hitch,"Back in the 90s there was a boon on dull, lifeless and ultimately frustrating games, these were termed the ‘Point ‘n’ Click’ genre and they were incredibly popular at the time despite being filled with endless puzzles, bad humour and a plot that nearly always tailed off halfway through leaving you with a mess of inconsistency at the end. Many people still enjoy this genre, I however disliked them back then and dislike them even more now. It was with this in mind that I ventured cautiously into the world of Max, a student who discovers quite by accident that she can alter time and finds that Life is not only strange but also incredibly exciting.Beyond knowing that time travel was somehow involved in the plot I knew nothing about this game, perhaps that is why I was so trepidatious in the first place and believed I was about to experience my most disliked genre of gaming. Turns out my fears were not only unfounded but also very wrong. This is not a Point ‘n’ Click though it holds true to certain gameplay aspects of those games, neither is it one of those ‘experiences’ that whilst often engaging tend to lack any real aspect of actual gaming. No, Life is Strange is, for want of a better description, a cinematic adventure and, boy, the game takes you on quite a ride of emotional consequence as you walk Max around her limited but detailed 3D world, interact with items and people and watch the everyday lives of those around you and then, when you choose to do so, affect the lives of those characters be it through an initial choice or the power of time.Effecting time is not a new thing to gaming and the way one changes the timeline in Life is Strange has been done before but unlike any other game I have played in which you can control outcomes in such a way, this one feels like it matters. Sure, some of the outcomes are forced upon you but this is merely to continue the story and even then it is a joy to discover the correct path but where it really exceeds is when you end up with a multiple choice of outcomes, neither one right or wrong, where Max, and your own moral ambiguity, will result in a fractured path towards the end-game. One such choice affected me greatly and I spent a good ten minutes rewinding over and over again only to find that my final choice left me open to even more decisions and I questioned whether I chose for the protagonist, Max, or for myself. I then realised we were one in the same and the game had truly melded my own consciousness with that of the games. To date, no other game has ever done this to me. Truly, choice and consequence matter in Life is Strange.The way in which you change time is a simple right click on your mouse and by holding down the shift key time can be rewound even faster. I did notice that when I used shift, Max seemed to take quite a hit as if it caused her pain, whether or not this will be a feature later in the game I cannot say but I did find myself preferring to take the slower option just incase! There are also checkpoints, if you will, within the timeline that you rewind so you can change a little or all of the choices you just made. This adds subtlety to those choices and shows that thought went into the mechanic and it makes it feel less of a gimmick and more an actual tool.Beautiful to behold, the game lures you in with a popular graphic style that resembles a digital watercolour, sharp detail yet soft colours that compliment the real world. The world around you is also busy and filled with character interactions which you can, if you wish, choose to avoid or dive wholeheartedly into to experience the sub-plots and general gossip of life in a high school environment. You have every typical teenage anxiety and worry living and walking around you as you meander the school grounds and dormitories and whilst I, as an older gamer found myself quoting The Breakfast Club’s infamous line “I don’t even speak your language” you cannot fail to listen in awe at the sound design and voice acting at work. This is a world fully realised and it is this which, in part, helps seal that ‘choices matter’ feeling you get as you decide the fate of friends and enemies alike.The games beauty does not require a monster PC to run and has been optimised wonderfully for all levels of computers. The graphic options ensure all levels of detail are catered for and have a wide range of sliders for everything from shadows to anti-aliasing, resolution and more. Audio is less catered for but given the high quality of the sound available this is less important in this particular game than some others. I did experience a fairly common issue when loading the game the first time but a quick perusal of Google and I found a fix by reinstalling the Visual C++ redistributable provided for me in the games folder. This is something Steam normally does on a games first run but for some reason this was broken for me. A minute later and a quick reboot however and I was good to go. Given the nature of day one patches of late for triple A games this is nothing and should not detract from your enjoyment of the gameLife is Strange is an episodic adventure game with currently three of five parts available now and the fourth part ‘coming soon’. So far the release of the next episode has been at roughly eight week intervals with little to no delay so those of us who fear an unfinished game seemingly have nothing to worry about, though of course with releases of this nature it is always something to think about though I feel there is already enough game here to satisfy any fear of value for money many of us will desperately want to experience this story to the, possibly, bitter end. I finished episode one in approximately two and a half hours and at the end was left with stats on the choices others made and a desperate need to just get on and play the next chapter, which as I was live streaming at the time I could not do. If I was merely playing this game on my own with no spectators I fear I would have stayed up all night and played one through three in a single session, like a good book it is simply hard to put down.I honestly cannot praise this game enough and Dontnod Entertainment deserve high praise for such a perfect gaming experience. Can they maintain this level through all five episodes? This I cannot answer but I have faith and that is far more than I do for most game of late. If you value choice, choose this game."
,Recommended,319630,16741229,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Banana Molester,Buy this game and tissue you will need them
76561198210470720,Recommended,319630,16618580,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,stevepeters11,"I played the first three episodes within a two day period of time.  This might not be a good idea.  The game gets in your head and your emotions.  It does get real, so be warned that way.Apart from (and including) that, the game is a great accomplishment, from the acting, atmosphere, grahics, enviromental settings, music, realism, social critique, -the dead on depiction of the pain and cruelty of adolescence- its all there.But you're not there to watch.  The main character maybe someone who just likes to observe and take pictures of things, but the game won't let you do that.  You have to get involved, care about the characters, make hard-core choices.  It makes your feel responisble for the outcomes, as if it were in real life.  You feel sadness, excitement, joy, guilt, pain, etc.,So that's...pretty amazing for a video game.  Highly immersive is a serious understatement as far as this game is concerned.  It just has all the right elements to draw you in.The world that the main character lives in, is actually a strange one.  Even after episode 3 you still don't know what's ultimately behind the main mysteries of the storyline.  In some sense it seems like you're getting farther from finding out, the more the game goes on.  Its a bit frustrating that way, as though the game is constantly dangling these elements of mystery and questions in front of you to lead you on to some understanding which you can't possibly guess at.If all of that just turns out to be some kind of giant analogy, as in ""this is what life is like"", instead of some concrete explanations, I might wind up a feeling a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  But maybe they are just showcasing how weird and mysterious life actually is, and I guess that's fair and worth it in its own way.  Think the Brother's Karamazov,""Brother, life throw's at us nothing but mysteries.""  That kind of thing.  Or pehaps it will all be explained and sensibly resolved...we'll see.Anyway, that's what the game experience is kind of like, if that helps you make a buying decision.  In my opinion, it is a remarkable and worth it game, one of the best I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,16616533,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Miles,"This isn't your average adventure game, although it might be classified as such. There are some rudamentary puzzles that use the rewind mechanic, but you won't find yourself rubbing things on other things to see if they work. No, this is a game that holds itself up entirely through decisions and dialogue. If you find yourself in need of an action rush, there's nothing here for you, but if you're a fan of storytelling plain and simple, this is a gem.The story is a simple and sweet tale of everyday life with the time reversal twist to give it some spice. The characters all feel very much alive, and even minor characters have meat to them. They're instantly relatable because they connect readily with people we all know from real life. The decisions that have to be made are also well implemented. There's very rarely a ""right"" decision. It's often a case of choosing the ""least worst"" outcome.tl;dr: Each episode has had me wanting more, which speaks volumes about the game."
,Recommended,319630,16672840,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,such a powerful impact of a story which made me  shred a  tear or two.
76561198234076704,Recommended,319630,16633944,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,^1Find^5_^1Me,This game has a interesting and fun story to get into. Best single player game ive ever played.
76561198050061718,Recommended,319630,16641041,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Enpassant,"The expressions are a bit clunky, but I love the art style. Dialogue seems pretty fit to its theme, which not a lot of games do, even if it seems a bit much. Story is intriguing and wonderful so far."
76561198102143738,Recommended,319630,16643207,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jarithom,"It's a great game. Someone has put a lot of thought into the game, and hence it makes you think. The characters feel real. The female characters are not portrayed as sex objects like in so many games; they are portrayed like real people with personalities, and histories, and likes and dislikes.The only off-putting thing about the females is that their bodies are so pre-pubescent, but that is far better than bosoms and buttocks being gratuitiously on display. I am glad to see that some game developers acknowledge that not all gamers are male. Not that I'm interested in looking at male bodies when playing games: I don't play games to watch totty in action. Back to the subject of bodies, it is refreshing that there are several overweight characters in Life is Strange, reflecting an acknowledgment that gamers might appreciate characters that are more representative of real life. I certainly do.This is a game for thinkers; people who enjoy pondering, philosophising, considering the rights and wrongs of things, and who can think in grey, not only black and white; who can perceive that people are imperfect, and that things are not always as they seem.This sort of game is a dream come true for gamers like myself who are looking for a fresh approach, moving away from games characterised by extreme violence, blood, gore and endless fighting or battles.  It gets to the point of sadism, if you ask me. I know lots of people like that kind of thing, but there are also lots of people who don't, and we need developers to give us what we want. GAmes like Life is Strange are like jewels glinting in a wasteland: precious and rare."
,Recommended,319630,16643440,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Epitapapaya,"An engaging story with interesting puzzles and descisions that have actual impact on the story. 10/10, would recommend."
76561197982167745,Recommended,319630,16644310,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,red_enferno,"""Life is Strange huh? Well it's on sale, why not add another game to my steam collection that I'll never play.""*Boots up game on a whim*""Oh I get it! I have this rewind power to allow me to make the choices I want. It is even added to the cannon of the story for emersions sake. Gotcha, I see where this is going.""*Finishes episode one*""I totally see where this is going, no major surprises here. This mystery seems pretty straight forward, got a couple of suspects, but I am confident I know where this is going.""*Finishes episode two*""Why are there tears on my controller? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥teen girls are angsty.""*Finishes episode three*""What. The. ♥♥♥♥.""Life is Strange is definitely a game I thought I wasn't going to enjoy. I underestimated it at every turn, rolling eyes and being overconfident in my deductive abilities. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was I wrong. Once you begin to take the game slowly, explore the areas you're in, and commit to decisions I promise you will love the game. Choice oozes out of every aspect of this game. The time rewinding ability comes off as a simple ""fix"" mechanic at first. The more you delve into the choices and ability to use new information after every rewind the game opens up. Just having finished episode 3 I am in awe of the story's depth, direction, and potential.I seriously can't recommend this game enough. If you love stories that make you think and second guess what you know you'll love Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,16644524,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KidN0thingBoy(Jimmy Bates),"Only played the first episode so far, I can honestly say I'm going to enjoy the rest.For fans of Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls."
,Recommended,319630,16644612,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Heofonfýr (Cedarwood & Oakmoss),Fantastic plot and a world I'd like to lose myself in.
76561198072893356,Recommended,319630,16645417,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Flo,"Some Dude asked me to let him draw me. Didn't have the option to say ""Draw me like one of your french girls"". Sadface69/420 would be sad again"
,Recommended,319630,16645800,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,urikiri,"10/10 b0ss - pink guyLet me be clear here. This is infact my very first review on a game here in steam, probably because I mostly spend my time playing one game and not care about others lel.So... on to the review thingy.To be fair I only bought the first episode this monster sale because I am indeed a pleb that does not have any kind of money to spend. But hey first episode or not the plot/story is crazy insane(no spoilers boss but powers are powers and♥♥♥♥♥♥man powers are cool)Imagine saying the wrong things to a gril and get slapped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the b1tch inside you... welp I could just rewind and try again in a different approach. That's the main course of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is flowing inside this game that you will witness, and ofcourse it has a bit of a ""slice of life"" approach... (nostalgia trip everybody) where you will see a couple of things that you might see in those movies or what you are currently facing in school right now or something.So... yeah buy the game or.................not. (well ♥♥♥♥ you then) :'^)"
76561198106912550,Recommended,319630,14254455,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ZoSo06,This Game is seriously amazing
,Recommended,319630,16223867,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,cash city,could be gayer but otherwise 10/10
76561198043019749,Recommended,319630,16019422,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,M3rlin2,"I don´t usually write reviews, but this game got me to do so! It has been quiet some time since I played a game comparable to this one. The scenery is really nice and the story is great. Also the amount of detail is incredible. When you get to the end of one episode there is a summary of what you did and what you didn´t do and I have yet to play an episode where i didn´t miss anything!So overall this is a 100% recommendation for the game!"
,Recommended,319630,16028296,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DiGBYGaming [Damion Walker],love this game
,Recommended,319630,14249568,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Naklonat,"I went into this game totally blind, and now I can't wait for the second episode.  I really like this game.  The story is cool, the artstyle is interesting, and the characters are unique.   While I didn't use it too often, the ability to rewind time and change a decision you made is a really neat touch.  I'd definitley recommend this to anybody who is a fan of point and click games and interesting narratives."
,Recommended,319630,16555607,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tenchuu Khan,Fantastic game so far.Though I recommend waiting for the series to be finished in August as its rather painful having to wait for new episodes now.
,Recommended,319630,16556697,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Perilix,10/10 tbh binge on the feels
76561198011733404,Recommended,319630,29153560,Posted: 9 January,all,Kiyoko Pen,Good Game.
,Recommended,319630,14657393,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rainbowfyres,"A compelling exploration as you move through your new high school you observe many things some very out of place.The dialogue is very realistic and the deeper you go the more the mystery grows.I am greatly looking forward to the episode in the series, and I will be going back through many timesto change my answers for different results and for the achievements.Excellent game, now I need another. I cannot wait for the March release."
76561197995050618,Recommended,319630,14396778,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Galacti-Kid,"Beautiful setting, Heavy Rain meets Tumblr, consequences because of watering a plant like everyone is pointing out is interesting and it's probably the only thing I'm wondering about.. All in all 10/10 Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,319630,15942118,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Genei | 엘케,I absolutely love this game. I completely lose myself in it while playing. That's what a game should do. At least for a while.
,Recommended,319630,15894256,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,dobbs2000,Life is Strange:A game that pushes the very limit of time.A game that asks you all the hard choices.A game that makes you think hard in desperate situations.Overall Rating (After Episode 1) : 10/10
,Recommended,319630,14279631,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Host,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,319630,15088988,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,memory.of.a.dream,"I'm not saying this lightly but Life Is Strange is probably the best game I have played so far.I've seen games with better graphics or with stories that are more epic or with more complex user interaction but the overall fell of this game is what gives it its value.Before starting Life Is Strange I would not have believed that I would be drawn in by an American teenage story.This game however is more than just a story. From the music, to the lighting to the small details you notice all around Arcadia Bay, everything is carefully arranged to create a distinct feel you won't notice in many titles.The complexity of the story is also overwhelming. Where other games sometimes give you a feeling of unfulfillment, of blindly following a path laid down by the developers or of missing options in completing certain quests, this games feels complete. The evolution of the story seems in tune with the symbology of the tornado, where you are accidentally caught in this seemingly random flow of events. In spite of the huge measure of control time travel bestows on the player many times you find yourself helpless, yet every decision, every posible user interaction is crafted in such a way that you feel nothing is missing from the gameplay.The characters also seem more alive than in most titles and interactions between them and the user natural. Even the thought of Max, often displayed throughout the game add a more natural feeling and a sense of completeness.There are a lot of games which focus on providing endless quantity of playable content and in this aspect Life Is Strange also exceeds most titles out there by providing not a lot of content but a well-balanced amount of high quality content.From graphics to story to the finishing touches everything seems to blend in harmoniously. All in all this game is a masterpiece and I eagerly await the release of the next three episodes."
,Recommended,319630,14859923,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Andi Risaldiansyah,This Awesome Gameplay
,Recommended,319630,14816399,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Genipher,First episode was great! Can't wait for episode 2 ♥
,Recommended,319630,14429043,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Burt Macklin,Life is Strange is simply mesmerizing. An amazing story coupled with top-notch voice acting and a beautiful art style. Add to that an interesting time-travel mechanic with emphasis on player choice and you have a brilliantly executed game. My only complaint is that I have to wait for the rest of the story.This is easily my favorite game of the year so far and I highly recommend everyone buy it.
76561197970890969,Recommended,319630,14843687,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Rick,"I once heard it said that ""it is easy to create 'characters' but very difficult to create 'people'"", this game is one of very few that I believe has truly achieved  relatable, human, individual people with whom - within one short episode - I find myself already swept away with.This game is artistically beatiful, and truly an emotional experience to play.I'm going to rewind now, and play again."
76561198004917427,Recommended,319630,15104905,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Janos,"So I wasn’t too sure what to expect when I first decided to get chapter 1.  I mean, sure it looked good, but as we all know, games like this can go one of two ways, they can be engaging, engrossing and captivating experiences, or they can…well, not be.And I’m glad to say that Life Is Strange is definitely the former.  I played Chapter 1 a few weeks back and found it great. Just finished playing through Chapter 2 just there. Many small details stand out in the game, how you can affect so many small things, and people remember.  They really do mean it with that whole ‘player-choice driven’ thing, I was seriously impressed by that aspect.The choice and consequence is amazingly done, coupled with Max’s power to rewind time and for you, as a player to try out other choices with Max retaining all knowledge of what she experienced before in other conversation ‘branches’, plus that notification if something you’ve done/said will bring about a major consequence is something that’s rather helpful.  But even out-with those major choices, there are small things you can do that other characters in game remember.The game manages to draw you into Max’s life and whilst at first it seems like a whole bunch of teen drama, after a while you find yourself actually giving a damn about the lives of all of the characters, about what’s going on, and as ever, I’m always impressed by a game that can pull of such levels of immersion.The graphics are pretty, but of course that in itself doesn’t mean much.  What does is the art, and the choices it makes regarding which direction it chooses to go in.  And I have to say, I’m rather pleased with that.  The mood of the visuals, as well as the audio matches the mood of the storyline, syncing up quite well in order to deliver an enjoyable experience.But don’t just take my word for it.  I seriously recommend giving this game a go for yourself, if you like story-driven games (Telltale Games-esque, in a manner of speaking), then you’ll enjoy Life is Strange ."
76561198008558667,Recommended,319630,14253729,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Damp Wolfsteak,"I came into this game new to the genre, and with my first impression I was quickly immersed. The game really makes you think on your toes but wonder about your decisions. very captivating, down to earth, yet abnormal. A must try."
76561198061180240,Recommended,319630,15100774,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cersei,"Amazing game.. 5/5, I think people who like being invested in and exploring a world, characters, and storyline will love this game. If you're looking for a game that will give you instant gratification and fun this is not one of them, it's a journey and takes time.It also follows a mainly female perspective (at least the first two episodes) so if you aren't into young women having life issues etc. then I'd give it pass. I'd challenge you to be open minded though, because the game is excellent."
76561198115081397,Recommended,319630,15032340,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,john.art.man,"10/10 I think this is the best game to come out in a long time and I have only played episode one, can't wait to see where it goes from here and what's next for the studio"
,Recommended,319630,14239497,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,daballsak,wow what a awesome game not only realy fun but wowza g8 stroy so far only played episode 1 can't wait to play the rest so good not one thing bad at all to say about this game not one
76561198107655520,Recommended,319630,19797642,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Commander PON,Best SMS i recieved is from Pompidou69/10 would replay again#SAMUELxSQUIRRELS4ever
76561197999301272,Recommended,319630,19790398,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,jasse,"Emotional, sometimes surprising, although other times quite straight forward. In any case a cool experience well worth the time."
76561198060328156,Recommended,319630,19795758,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Asiankid29,"I really Do not know where to begin with it....This game is Beautifull...I mean...They portrayed modern teen culture, as well as social anxiety with the protagonist as well as a ever growing character.Dontnod has captured my heart with this game.From its amazing story that tore at my emotional heartstrings to the unique Rewind feature to get the ending you want.The visuals in my opinion were stunning. Not realisitc but was more like watching paintings tell the story.It Completely captured my heart.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,17733853,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Season,"Aside from the slightly off lip syncing, this game is amazing. I personallly love the graphics and its design, the story, just basically everything. I especially love those options where you can just sit and stare at the scenery, ahh it's so pretty I could honestly have Max sit there forever if my computer wouldnt over heat. Id really recommend this games to those who love/enjoy story-based games with plot-twists and crazy events."
,Recommended,319630,19705552,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Harry Shan,"Nice try telling a good story. The only problem is that the ending is quite boring.With such a time travel ability I'm actually expecting more possibilities. But seems all the choices I made only matters to small things like how people talk, details in the environment...There are some shocking moments like killing or injuring someone I didn't wish, But still, the point is that's no big deal to the mainline story.Hope steam has an option between recommend or not."
,Recommended,319630,19536765,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Juba,"Just like my life, where I keep wondering if I made all the right choices.The difference is that I can't get back in time.The game is pretty amazing and has a nice flow, despite the slow begining, but be prepared to make some REALLY difficult choices that the game will make sure to remind you untill the end of it."
76561198042482654,Recommended,319630,19592650,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Serenity,"I just recently beat this game, and though its more of an interactive movie than what people would normally call ""a game"", I really enjoyed it.  It plays out a lot like a ""choose your own adventure"" novel, where you always have your finger on the previous page, waiting to change your mind at a moment's notice.If you've seen the movie ""Butterfly Effect"" with Ashton Kutcher, the feel to this game is somewhat similar.  Your seemingly small choices can make big changes, and sometimes changing what you thought was right changes everything for the worse.I would say that it is a bit ""chick-flick-y"" and because of this, some guys may not be able to get into it.  But for anyone who isn't affraid to get emotionally involved in a good drama, this game delivers.The only other criticism I have is that the ending is kindof a letdown, I'm not going to spoil anything, and I did really like the entire game, including the end, but it felt like nothing you did up to that point mattered, it could have been handled a lot better.Overall, a beautiful game, and an emotional rollercoaster, I probably had tears in my eyes for most of the game, which is a telltale sign of great storytelling."
76561198158144237,Recommended,319630,14307207,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cohen,nice game
,Recommended,319630,19436702,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Recksinn,Episode 4 had me crying
76561198079304181,Recommended,319630,24950676,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Blossom,"Where to start? This game is bursting with emotion and character, and the intricate world of Arcadia Bay feels very alive. Even with the sci-fi cliches and short play time, this game is a powerhouse that will hit you relentlessly, especially at the end of Episode Two. I'm still feeling it after. It's more of an experience than a game. 9/10."
,Recommended,319630,24902660,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SuZi-Q,Excellent game.  Great story.
,Recommended,319630,24895312,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Plot-C,Best game i ever played
,Recommended,319630,18581579,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ExLee,"F*ck this game, I love it :D9001 / 10Buy it now, do it ! It's only 20 bucks ! Seriously you have to play this. The amount of feels is just to much to handle. Play it all the way through til the end. Yes episode 1 might be boring and the lip-sync might be off but who the f*ck cares. Just bear with it through the whole thing and if you don't cry or feel anything by the end then you're not a human being..."
,Recommended,319630,24945261,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,j0hannes,"Only played the first episode but the feels man, the feels..It's beautiful, on emotional level and the visuals are amazing.Gimme more!"
76561198085395134,Recommended,319630,24908352,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,synzation,one of the best game so far !!! recommeded i you type of player whos enjoy heavy story line
,Recommended,319630,24916109,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,OceanMan,i wasnt sure about this game until i tried the first ep for freei immediate bought the other episodesep 1 is quite weak and ep 5 is ♥♥♥♥ed up but a really good story driven game9/10
,Recommended,319630,24968256,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,HappyBeluga,"I blew it but I fix it, but I'm still screwed.......what kind of review is this?"
,Recommended,319630,24968941,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bed,"Life Is Strange has out-TellTaled, Tell Tale. It has an excellent story, but keeps a decent level of gameplay, being exploration and puzzle solving. Excellent stuff!"
,Recommended,319630,24970552,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Gnodax,"Beautiful art, great soundtrack, interesting story. Not very challenging, so if you're looking for a relaxing and entertaining game, this is it. Each episode take about two hours to play."
,Recommended,319630,24970801,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ball.mdr,I tried to play this game again.I recommened this. It's awesome.
,Recommended,319630,24766964,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,EMPEROR KARL FRANZ,HELLA FEELS
76561198200725345,Recommended,319630,25101136,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,HPbaxter,If you like Adventures Games this is a must play.
76561197992756019,Recommended,319630,25078290,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ForTex,One of the best and most touching stories.
76561198162658377,Recommended,319630,25060424,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,NaCl,Great experience.
,Recommended,319630,25050738,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BATmobile_27,Belive me I'm not this type of games fan i really do not like this type of games but after i played first episode of Life is Strange and that because of it's free on steam but after that i just cant resist my self to play another episode of life of strange and i just bought my first steam paid game and that was totally worth it in every minute of this masterpiece..............so bye it no need any for second thought........and this game is not girlyy type becude it's look like that....goo for it................
,Recommended,319630,18592467,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scheeps,Harrowing.
76561198008109819,Recommended,319630,14421032,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OzoneGrif,"It follows Telltales' steps by offering a good interactive storytelling. The approach is slightly different by using your character's ability to rewind time. This first episode was really enjoyable, with a good atmosphere. Although some of the NPCs are over stereotyped sometimes, a youngth defect probably."
76561198113037795,Recommended,319630,16070931,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PsychoFox,Not since playing Shenmue have I felt so immersed in a story. The perfect blend of reality with a bit of strangeness to make things interesting.
,Recommended,319630,16538201,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,"Great characters, great story, great gameplay mechanic (manipulating time to grab items, make dialogue choices and redo ""mistakes."")Incredibly enjoyable experience. Looking forward to the last two episodes :)"
76561198048927557,Recommended,319630,24749657,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,мини-путин,"It's been a long time since i have played a game this good. It has affected me in a whole new way. When i have played this game i have lived in the game, when i haven't played the game i have had it in my mind wondering what will happen next and longing to come home and play it. It's difficult to explain how good this game is, you have to play it for yourself!"
,Recommended,319630,20251783,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Serfonz,"I don't normally review games, I just play them. This was an exceptional exclusion to the rule. I highly suggest this game, prepare for a ride on the feels train."
76561198182658082,Recommended,319630,18650738,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,hannah.burkhart,This game is great and it rips your heart out. It's so deep and complicated and full of drama and makes you really think about your choices. I love it. 10/10
76561198046105661,Recommended,319630,20171895,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,lxu,"Very Nice game. I recommend if you are looking for a good story and want a game where you make choices.There's no much action, and gameplay control is limited, is all about choices and a good story.Until it isn't.Unfortunately, it seems to be pretty difficult to create a game where you can truly have several choices that affect multiple aspects of the game, till the end.This is the biggest problem of Life is Strange, doesn't matter what you do since the beginning, you will end up with two different endings, and that's it.The story is nice, but is a little short, you don't need that many hours to finish it.I will be looking forward to find similar games in the future that can evolve this genre to the next level."
,Recommended,319630,15976034,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Shampoo,"Diddnt think i'd be writing a review once i saw this game initially, well over the value of $20 for the season passthe game has got one of the most in depth stories ive played in years 10/10 and its just so pretty"
,Recommended,319630,14418307,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[TLR] semetsu,"Life is Strange is what happens if you have a choose your own adventuresque teen mystery/drama mixed with quite a few elements of Donny Darko. A very immersive movie-like experience that draws you in and makes you part of it due to you controlling what the Protagonist ultimately does. If this is the future of Adventure Games, then I think we are in for some real treats in the future. I eagerly await the remainder of the story and to see how all the different choices effect the proceeeding chapters. While in the first chapter there seems limited replay , by the time it is all over I'm sure there will be tons of different consequences in later chapters. The game was totally worth the price and really does show that Life Is, indeed, Strange."
,Recommended,319630,20290068,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,YesItsBurla,"8/10 plot9/10 story telling8/10 characters10/10 trustworthy and realistic world9/10 puzzles, gameplay, entertainment9/10 so many choices, actions and consequences, which have a better impact than in Telltale games10/10 would rewind time to play the game again for the first time"
,Recommended,319630,14411551,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Current Mood,"If you liked the Walking Dead, Tales From the Borderlands, etc -- you're bound to like this game. It's very unique in the way it tells its story, though it's just barely begun at the time of this writing. So far, the puzzles have been awesome and I'm very excited to see where this goes."
,Recommended,319630,14410616,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,FeloGrafix,One of the best game I have paled in a long time… ^^thank you for this nice story line and I love the music its working perfect with that game also the environment looks amazing love the characters and I like that fact that this game don’t have to many clues on how to continue so the player can actually decade what to do without someone telling him that he is doing something wrongso Thank youFelo
76561198018818932,Recommended,319630,15325485,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,EtherealTeknoman,An experience worth having regardless of what kind of gamer you are.
76561198044430140,Recommended,319630,20241094,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,uhh hello????,"I recommend this game to ANYONE who has a heart and thinks of their life all the time, no matter where they are, who they are, or how their lives may be going. I cannot emphasize my gratitude and amazement from this game and all the choices that it makes us do.In a matter of personal background, I find myself being a very stubborn and naive person. I, like many other seniors in high school, think we have life all figured out, even though many of us are going through some life changing experiences. This game makes you realize the beauty of free will, the consequence of almost every single decision that you make in your life, and the fact that no matter what you choose to do with yourself in your life, there is a negative and a positive reaction to it. I have received so many notes and messages, from God, the Universe, peers, and miscellaneous notifiers, that I have so much potential to do things in life, much like the main character in this game.Life is Strange cannot not have a sequel or a continuation of the series, for it has helped and reach out to so many people with all sorts of things going in their lives with these mere five episodes. This game is beyond great, very worth your time and money. God bless you, the reader, DontNod Entertainment, and Square Enix for creating one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,28158668,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,I'm Batman,One of the most touchable story i ever seen...
78554565665555445,Recommended,319630,15365915,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mac Demarco,"Great game, am i the only one who thinks there max and chloe should get together ???????????????"
,Recommended,319630,15807611,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Makoto,"I want to thank you for making this game and i want the game that so realistic ""Life is Strange"" the best game in steam and i hope you will add more episode asap thx Donmod xoxoxo :D"
76561198074714024,Recommended,319630,15931157,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bennschu,"So ladies and gents everyone who loves emotional games or other games of that kind, needs to play The Life is Strange. It's in my opinion of the best games since gaming became popular, I would even go one step further and say it's among the Top 5 of the best games of the world. From the beginning to the last scene of every episode, it kept me excited every second i played. I enjoyed it so much, that it's been such a torment to wait for the next episodes and it still is. You begin as girls called Maxine(Max) and you get a force after a short intro (actually you're totally brainf**ked because you know nothing). After the first and second episode you know almost everything about everyone. After few hours you create different relationships to every character of this game. Of course there some persons you really like and some you don't and trust me you get special feelings for every character. The games crashes you into a lot of different situations some are very emotional, some are pushing your adrenalin and some others are just extremely beautiful. The really special about this game are that every decision has consequences for the future, so you have to choose carefully. How I already said there are some really beautiful moments and the graphic is awesome, i mean for real you didn't expect that by a newcomer like that. All in one is the game just awesome, it's a lot of fun even if get emotional (yeah you really do). I just can recommend  to everyone who loves 3D-Adventure games.(sry for bad english if its bad)..."
,Recommended,319630,18228466,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ⓈⓄⓂⒺ ⒻⓊⓇⓇⓎ,I turned my best friend into a vegetable and got to look at two half naked boys throwing a water noodle at a slightly overweight girl that fell into the water.This surpassed my expectations.
76561197969421529,Recommended,319630,18752637,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Twistcap,Amazing point and click story. The best since walking dead season 1.
,Recommended,319630,20347996,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ファンタジー,awesome would rate 9/10 thrilling exp.
,Recommended,319630,18594917,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shadowcat,"This is the best game I have ever played, in terms of how intensely emotionally invested I became in the story and characters.I wish I could rewind and play this whole game again without knowing what happens, it was such an incredible rollercoaster! <3I need another!"
76561198050685474,Recommended,319630,19859446,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dakingofwar,Grab some tissues for the feelsicoaster 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18276991,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Crizzz csgowitch.com,2 sexy girls
,Recommended,319630,28879212,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Strange,"Life Is Strange is a Telltale-style episodic adventure. With time travel.Pros :- Excellent character works- Supernatural twist- Intriguing final sequence explores Max's fears and doubts-  A few powerful, sad moments between charactersCons :- Disappointing delivery of its apocalyptic stakes- An awful stealth sequence drops the tension- Final choices feel divorced from decisions you've made so farSummary :I like Life Is Strange, but it's not that simple. It's an uneven production that lacks consistency across plot, tone and design. It's an episodic adventure game in the Telltale style—the emphasis being on choice and consequence, not puzzles and inventory management. Dontnod's production isn't as polished or well-paced as The Walking Dead, and yet I think I prefer it. There's a lot that Life Is Strange does wrong, but it can be powerfully affecting at its best.Life is Strange is a hand drawn work of art and every action enacts a butterfly effect - but with the power to rewind time, what would you change? And would it turn out to be a change for the better or worse?"
,Recommended,319630,18257143,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,David S. Pumpkins,This game is incredible! You will question everything you decide. Looking forward to the final episode in October!
,Recommended,319630,17934435,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Amonlord,A really beautifull game with an exciting storyline. Excellent to delight sunday afternoon. Couldn't be less than a prime artwork from Square Enix. I'm just amazed.
76561198252986488,Recommended,319630,18326084,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Accio_Kay,Interesting plot with likeable characters. Made me laugh a few times. Would r8 8/8 m8 sik
,Recommended,319630,19051061,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Papa Leon,It's alright.
,Recommended,319630,19066209,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,kkum,Seriously the best game I've ever played
,Recommended,319630,16571401,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shapeup,"Brilliant immersive story. Original, fresh, and beautiful visuals. Cannot wait to play episodes 2-5."
,Recommended,319630,24630168,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SpatialAnomaly,You play this game......you finish it.... you will still think about it months after!11/10
,Recommended,319630,24630224,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hardcorekila,"If you like Telltale games, then you'll love this"
,Recommended,319630,24614219,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,P0TAT0,"Just played Episode 1.  I have to say, there is hardly any other game where your actions and your choice affect the story of the game so much. The game is one of the most immersive games I've ever played. The story and the ambience of the game just pulls you in.Square Enix doesn't disappoint.Recommended"
,Recommended,319630,24589039,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,leXith,I started playing off the free version.  I was captivated by it.I continued.  Time moved forward.  Forward still.There were rewinds and mistakes left and right.I was confident in my choices so I didn't go back to fix them.After many choices I reached the final choice.........I don't know if I chose right... Maybe if I made a slight adjustment back then...?I don't dare go back...I wonder if I never used the power....?........................................................Those are my thoughts on the game.  Definately worth the purchse.  The story will continue to haunt me.  Very well written.  Don't hesitate in the purchase of the further episodes... they're great.Damn this game.
,Recommended,319630,24588063,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Vunak,"Amazing game, well done. Masterpiece"
,Recommended,319630,24588703,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FalkonLink,"I liked everything about the game. After playing the first episode, I wished I had purchased the game prior to the first episode going free-to-play, because of how good it is. The story is amazing, the gameplay is great. I have only one complaint about the game, not enough episodes. I am aware of the upcoming live-action spinoff, but would rather have more episodes."
76561198151951361,Recommended,319630,24585838,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kozomo,"this game was so awesome along with the other episodes, first the story was incredible and very touching, you can say that it was happy and sad at the same time just a perfect mix between them and i honestly felt a bit empty and sad when i finished all the episodes but these days were the best gaming days of this year. If you like a good stories with good built-up characters then i highly recommend this game!"
76561198171807922,Recommended,319630,24582868,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TIGentleman,"Why?A question I frequently asked myself. Why do I have to make these kinds of decisions. Why are the outcomes so unfair. Why, why, why...The story really forces you to get personally involved. You have to learn all the characters, think ahead of what your actions may do and eventually decide the outcome of people's lives. And as the events spiral out of control, you can do nothing but sit and feel helpless. If you think you've discovered the solution, you are going to get a crippling shock.Gameplay is really fun and I love how you can interact with almost anything. The camera can be a bit of a pain sometimes, but then again, it would make some aspects easy.The characters are excellent. Each one has a decent backstory and, like everyone in life, is a bit damaged. Some more than others. I loved how I could unravel each character's personality and story amd how this game makes a animetd cluster of pixels seem so human. Well done on that, to the developers.Visually the game wasn't breathtaking, but it luckily it also wasn't minecraft.Ultimately, I really really enjoyed this game. I got to get involved in complex characters and see what consequences my actions had and how some reacted. Besides the feelings of being helpless, the moral of the story becomes all the obvious as you near the end: Life is Strange."
76561198099603982,Recommended,319630,24579934,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,KaffeR,"I don't do a lot of game reviewing but this game is something else...In one word: IntensGreat character-building, in a very good story. Finishing it made me feel weird for a couple of days. Long time ago that I had this experience from a game.Great soundtrack as well, fits right in with the game. Perfect !10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24581665,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Splash,"This game is truly amazing, with the in-depth story and amazing character development that will honestly get you feeling like you are living the game. The game is full of plot twists and difficult choices that will make or break a situation in the near future. Then, there are certaintly going to be parts that are going to tug at your emotions, the price is great (20.00 cad) for an amazing game like this one. Easily one of the best games I've played."
76561198028890626,Recommended,319630,24598166,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Stehno,Very intense. Deep. Worth remembering. Worth buying. Music that masterfully underlines the story told. It felt that I really had the power to set a course of the story (it doesnt matter how little in the end). I will most certainly play this again after some time. And see if I can do better now that I know it all.If there is one game I would recomend for the impresion it leaves you with... its this game without a doubt.
76561198035647800,Recommended,319630,24502001,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Samuel Hartley,"Beautiful game! Can't relate at all with any of the characters but heck, it sure is pretty. Kind of reminds me of Heavy Rain with its use of choices. I have completed the game now and...Yeah...Wow. I'd say money well spent. I didn't cry but i wanted to...It diserved a cry."
76561198025937365,Recommended,319630,24601077,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,tom.96,"This is great! I've played games for about 30 years and this is genuinely very original and addictive. It just draws you in to the story, you feel like you're in a film. Fantastic, works great on Ubuntu too."
76561198059353669,Recommended,319630,24600644,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ɍythm,I've recently played Life Is Strange. I hadn't watched any videos of it so I din't know what to expect. But I gave it a go. I got hooked in after the first episode like no other game have done to me. I played the game for 12 hours straight without a pause (toilet break not included). I'm even thinking about playing the game from the beginning again. I can tell you without a doubt that I'm going to buy Life Is Strange : Rewind and Replay (Life Is Strange 2) when it releases. I'm absolutely recommending this to eveyone who likes a slower paced game with beautiful artwork.
76561197998907838,Recommended,319630,24597600,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Xenon,This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. It's even better than Mass Effect... The other reviews already speak for themselves. JUST DO IT!
,Recommended,319630,24602209,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Matz,"On its genre, this is the best game I've ever played."
76561198174904114,Recommended,319630,24595950,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,lolfilip777,"10/10Amazing story that makes you feal for all characters.Great graphics.Great gameplay.Choices realy make you think.Awsome soundtrack,fits into the story.It made me cry A LOT.One of the best games i've played in a while.It's a must buy."
,Recommended,319630,24595486,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,emilio1244,"This game is by far the most beautiful and emotional expreience i have evewr played. The closest i have ever come to crying at a book, movie, song, or videogame ever. Absolutely amazing. You have no idea what videogames can be until you play this."
,Recommended,319630,24628672,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Heroic,Very atmospheric and sensative game.10/10 xoxo
,Recommended,319630,19407568,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BarBaard,"**** my mind! **** everything!Usually not my kind of game, but if you feel like watching a great movie in wich you have control over the outcome, this is worthy! (good tip: dont get high while playing this in a single run)"
76561197975051066,Recommended,319630,25841442,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,OverThrust,"A game like I've never played before! I love it. I'm mostly into first person shooters, and I didn't think I would enjoy this game so much. I'm buying the other episodes."
,Recommended,319630,28089275,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pig honey,great game so far!
76561198074489968,Recommended,319630,27255761,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arillev,"'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award, Let's go"
76561197966105913,Recommended,319630,14301567,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Revixy,One of the best games I've ever played!10/10!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atOvYJW6t48&index=1&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHx8jI-iCT1vg3xnNnAhaC-0
76561198090026403,Recommended,319630,28319144,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,actingman101,"I finished this as well all the other episodes. This may be my favorite game ever, or at least it's up there."
,Recommended,319630,25028768,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fall™ | King Lethargy♔,"This game broke my heart, ten times over. A real tear-jerker, combined with excellent ways to devastate and conflict the player. 10/10 would sob again.Chloe, get over Rachel and date Max, please and thanks.The feels I done did felt while playing this gamekilledme. However, I calledwho it was from the beginning, so I am so proud of myself. And still devastated."
,Recommended,319630,25779512,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,€in€r vØn vi€l€n,This is the 4th iteration of my review for this game. And now I'm gonna avoid any possible mistakes!Did a squirrel just fell from the tree?
,Recommended,319630,29002265,Posted: 4 January,all,König der Hunde,"TL;DR: Feels simulator.+story+feels-slow to develop in just one episode-memes, memes everywhere (though not thrown in your face, and maybe this helps set the scene of a current high-school?)Don't worry, I've taken care to not put a single spoiler in my review.This is less of a ""game"" and more of an interactive story/narrative. You basically do a lot of walking similator and make various decisions like a ""choose your own adventure"" book. It plays sort of like an adventure game where you do lots of walking around and interacting with the environment. So if you're someone of short attention span, or looking for another GTA - you might go into this expecting something you're not going to get. I will still recommend it to you, because it will present you with lots of situations that will have you second-guessing yourself, and your morals.Honestly, when I played episode one I was gonna be a bit snarky with my review, because I found it very had to relate to the protagonist, a senior-year high-school girl. I kept saying things like girl-drama simulator, or snooping-sim - because many of the initial scenes are a bit silly and catty (things I guess high school girls would experience?). By episode 2 the characters start to develop more, heavier drama starts to unfold, and the decisions you are forced to make start to become heavier. Episode 3 had hit me squarely in the feels and I found myself either tearing up, cheering, or brimming with pride. Episodes 4 brings the WTF moments, and episode 5 just had me spinning on my head - seriously asking you to make choices that will have you, the player, questioning your own morals and character.Each episode will give you about 4 to 5 hours of play, and while there is a little bit of replayability to be had (by going back and pursuing different decision-trees) I found the inability to fast-forward through dialogue you've already seen in your first play-through to be a bit off-putting.I bought the bundle on-sale, but after playing it, I'd say the 20$ they are currently asking for full-price would be worth it for the feels-driven story you will get out of it."
,Recommended,319630,17635843,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mr.,The most unusual and exciting game for the past 5 years. Impressions are amazing. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,319630,28547125,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sky Rizzo,"100% amazing on everything.Nailed the graphics, the motions, the story, the scene,This game has to be 1 of my top 3 games ever!I got Episode 1 on Steam free, and I fell in-love with it, so I bought all 5 Episodes and can't wait to finish them.This game truly is amazing! +1 from me.Recommeded.This game also took a lot of turns throughout, parts that were hard to handle.Every choice you make effects this games future, past and present, and if it gets corrupted things go really bad. People die, your head goes wild, paths open up, people turn on you....Its an amazing game with a very good stratagy. I loved playing this game, all the way to the end. I made mostly the right choices, but it was hard deciding some.9/10 rating - Game could be a little longer.HIGHLY VOUCHED!! - Purchase if you want a good game to play on Steam."
,Recommended,319630,27057201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elkones,"You'll cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ by episode 3, and you'll be really interested in how they are going to resolve and explain everything thats happened and that is happening in only 2 more episodes.They don't.Its still a good experience though"
,Recommended,319630,28239940,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ifirid,"I am writing this just after having finished the game, so my review could be partial. Now, to the topic.Life Is Strange has what most of the common games doesn't: a strong emotional value. You'll be happy for people, sad for them, and you'll want to never hurt them. Or not. It is, in fact, totally your choice. This is why I strongly reccomend to not follow any guide for this game, and let it do the job. And I'll be damned if it doesn't do it perfectly. The soundtrack is absolutely perfect too, every track is set in the right moment of the game, when it's needed. I was almost crying at some scenes, and in others I could feel my heart crash. Because this is a game that makes you feel emphaty for the characters. Every single one. And I could say that I've never played something like this.I love this game."
76561198185897669,Recommended,319630,28899156,Posted: 1 January,all,ShanSalvo,Damn ninjas cutting onions.
,Recommended,319630,27331244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lucky s u c c y,This is one of the five episodes that brought a whole new meaning to time manipulation and story-based games...I have never played a game so interesting that had touched every single emotion known to mankind...I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a story-based and fun game that could appeal to any kid over 12...This game is a must buy...
,Recommended,319630,30341448,Posted: 5 March,all,ミシェル,"It's like a mini series/novel story, which you, as player, are the director. Amazing Story and concept. Magnificent and Fascinating Gameplay experience & Atmosphere, also very unique. It's uniqueness makes it a game-changer.This is one of those few games that you can't give a full review, they just have to be played and experienced by yourself. And Most certainly would be worth it. 9.1/10"
,Recommended,319630,19395239,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TealHatCat,"Heart Wrenching, best game I've played all year."
,Recommended,319630,15042478,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,WilkyWay3000,Only game to make me regret not remembering a passage out the bible.
76561197977339652,Recommended,319630,18678542,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,themblan,Hella.
,Recommended,319630,18679036,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,WillSilva98,"Brilliant, one of the best games I have ever played. If you love a good story and well developed Characters with twists and shocks, aswell as emotional scenes this game is for you. Highly recomended. Buy to support the developers, they deserve it."
76561198091210341,Recommended,319630,18653091,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,pinkpinnn,"GET THIS game and play it if you haven't already!PROS:Simple yet engaging gameplayCompelling story telling in each of the episodesGood character developmentThe choices you make do amount to something, and made me feel accountableAmazing soundtrack !!!Scenes and environment is beautiful. Sets the right mood in every moment of the story.CONS:Sometimes the hiding scenes can get a little annoying (especially in the last episode)Wished that there were more things/people/ places to explore and interact with. (More side missions?)The TellTale team should learn from DONTNOD- release your episodes within a set timeline, and don't leave your players waiting for an unknown amount of time before you come out with a new (+mediocre) episode - You lose momentum and interest very quickly like this."
,Recommended,319630,14461493,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lucifer,"Much Better than expected from the price.Not going to write an in depth review or anything, there are plenty of those.But Bottomline, $5 Is really worth it.It's short, (almost every second of my play time is the story+gameplay [1.9hr as writing]) But not that short.Obviously there is going to be more.. hence the rest is available for purchase right now.$20 total will most likely be entirely worth it considering this one episode is worth 10-15$ by itself to me.Buy it."
,Recommended,319630,18594691,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nick,Best feels trip i've ever had.
,Recommended,319630,17052864,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ace,Illuminati everywhere.Would recommend.   /\PRAISE ILLUMINATI  /o\
76561198091201900,Recommended,319630,18580954,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,B-A-B-Y,"(little bit of spoilers) Amazing game up until the very ending if you want a good and fun experience where your choices don't matter then go for it. But if you want a TellTale killer don't get it in the end your choices don't really matter much but doesn't mean the story is bad in fact the game was really good up until the ending so...(The Bad) Choices don't matter much even though the game keeps saying that your choice WILL matter, Cringe-worthy dialogue once in a while, Lip-Syncing is pretty bad (though they did fix it too some type of degree which is nice).(The Good) Nice soundtrack, Enjoyable characters, Good voice acting, nice art style, Good story (up until the end), very nice atmosphere, Each episode will make you want to play more.-If you were hoping choices matter and wanted a game that actually impacted the story if you made the wrong move don't get it.-If you want a game to be a REALLY fun experience up until the end then I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,28704426,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Minemac,"Out of all the games I've played this year, this is the only one that I couldn't stop playing for a second. The developers put you in first thing but you feel like you are her. You get to be your player making your decisions, while following the story line. For me personaly, this game takes place in my backyard what is really cool. I personally love this game for being able to relate to the school setting and having to deal with all the school and freind drama. If you aren't sure to buy the game besure to play the first episode and you will be sold."
,Recommended,319630,29087035,Posted: 7 January,all,Samothrace,Just remember this: BAE or BAY
,Recommended,319630,29804370,Posted: 9 February,all,0N$AMAND3R,"Where to begin with this game?Its honestly one of the best games i ever played,In comparison to a telltale game, your choices do matter or they seem to doThe music is amazingly fitting in every scene, it never feels out of place or weird,Every character has a purpose, no one feels out of placeIt feels real as you play it and has a amazing replayability value eg. going to see the other choices you could make or playing it to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to everyone,the overall plot might be a tiny bit predictable but has you doubting yourself right till the endand my god, that ending choice is wow.......I love this game so much and it has left me feeling angry that i cant whipe it from my memory just to play it from scratch again."
,Recommended,319630,27492182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CyberMac,"Best Game & Story ever!(Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award.)"
76561198169887505,Recommended,319630,19646421,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tsub-baka chan,"Absolutey beautifal, this is a game you should play. It has got me in tears so many times."
,Recommended,319630,19454950,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Kayden,"One of the best story-rich game i've ever played.Great soundtracks, amazing characters, and the feel train is real."
76561198134219443,Recommended,319630,27020590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lightning,"It takes a lot to make me cry but this game did it. 11/10 Would Recommend to everybody. The story is amazing. Edge of the sit mystery. Sad Story but change the way I looked at the world.Pros:Good StoryChoice Making GameTough ChoicesMean GirlsGraphicsFriendsMust BuyCons:You Will Cry At the End of the GameLike a 10-11 Hour GameSaddnessAll in all, just buy it. You can always return it if you don't like it. Heavy Story, Tragic End, Shockers, Mystery and it is revilationary."
,Recommended,319630,18592072,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Greve Sparf,At least they kissed in the end
,Recommended,319630,27359129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,theFEARhunter,"Nominated for ""I'm not crying, there's something in me eye"" award"
,Recommended,319630,16193492,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,w33d3d,The game is absolutely amazing.  Every choice I made had me wondering how it will change the rest of the game for me. The end of Episode 3 really threw me for a loop. I didn't expect it to end up the way it did.
,Recommended,319630,20075021,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,WILL SING FOR SKINS,"The story and the gameplay of this game make it one of my all time favorite games. Playing the first episode made me want to immediately buy the rest. Thank you for making such an amazing game,"
76561198002631172,Recommended,319630,20264837,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hrkn,"Life is Strangetells you a story - or rather has you tell yourself a story - that has high emphasis on social interactions. Choises you make have immediate and long lasting effects on your surroundings, but most of all people. The characters are very lively, really human, realistic; colorful instead of black & white. How you see and consequently treat them affects how they see and treat you in return (and that's not to say they treat youexactlythe way you treat them, just that it make a difference). The story is touching, rather well written, and the dialogue is great. The main character grows along with the story, the biggest change being between the first and second episodes, I think. It might feel hard to identify yourself with the protagonist, but you can get over it quite quickly. In each episode you make some major and minor choices. The minor ones can be mandatory or optional. Sometimes this means nothing more than choosing to talk to someone, or not to.Pros:-Story.-Characters.-Dialogue.-Mood.No choice-based achievements that ""encourage"" you to re-play and ""increase content/playtime"".Play once, and make that you're story.Cons:-There are some actions you might not want to perform (because frankly they're stupid), but are forced to in order to continue the game (to keep the story going).-Not being able to rewind during a scene or to skip them when seeing them for the first time. You might have to wait for a whole cutscene to end before doing so. This was honestly annoying at times when you knew after a second you wanted to make another choice instead.-Not being able to perform some actions until you see what happens when you don't, then rewind to be able to do it. These feel like artificial situations where you have to apply the rewind mechanic, just because the mechanic exists."
,Recommended,319630,25332929,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,chemicalsam,Now my absolute favourite game in memory. A beautifully made story about relationships and being a young adult. Not sure how to pick the right words to describe this amazing game. Just play the first episode and see what all the fuss is about. Everything you do will impact the characters around you.
,Recommended,319630,17029757,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Elliot-,"Just finished this game, feels like losing some friends, but seriosly the end is just......12 ducks/10"
,Recommended,319630,18582272,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,NoFreeGaming,best game ever
76561198101312795,Recommended,319630,18582454,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kaiju Ninja,"Worth every penny. I got it on sale but, in hindsight, I would have gladly paid full price for it! Every second of the entire game made me think. Like really think! And not even with problem solving like most games do, but with real emotional decisions that actually feel like they matter to the story. Every decision felt like it carried actual weight and I found myself actually stuggaling to decide which option(s) to choose. From now on, every game that claims ""choices matter"" should make this their goal to aspire to. Please, buy this game! Support these wonderful, creative, inspiring people so they can continue to make more fantastic games like this one."
,Recommended,319630,18582738,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mr Egocentric,♥♥♥♥ing Excellent. One of the best choice-based games I have ever played. In-depth character development with an unpredictable storyline make the choices in this game feel like they carry a  genuine weight. Just buy it.
76561198136567905,Recommended,319630,18581332,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ryarth,Episode 5 changed my life. It will change yours too! DON'T GET TRAPPED
,Recommended,319630,18581699,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mykmyk,10/10 this game is kooL
76561198120819191,Recommended,319630,18580722,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,BloodBirD[TH],BUY IT!BUY ITTTTTTTTTT!
,Recommended,319630,18580805,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nuzuro,"No words can describe how much of a masterpiece this game is. 100/10. Btw I picked the "" left "" ending and dammmmnnnnn, I went through so many boxes of tissues."
76561198204657071,Recommended,319630,18580115,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,noahwhite,"Hell yeah! Just sat down at my PC to do some work and suddenly noticing Stream downloading in the bg episode 5 of this Game- FINALLY!!!!I cannot recommend ""Life is Strange"" hard enough to anyone out there. It is such a beautiful, inovative, emotional and suspensful game. It is not the first game that makes use of the ""choice system"". But it feels so much more diverse and independent that other games of this genre/mechanism. I tested it out at more than one occasion how various choices indeed change whole parts of the game and effect others heavily. (smth where others games often just appear to have choices but still lead to the same path (more or less))The characters are very dimensional and it's often really hard for whom to decide.And one big point (imho) to play this game is Chloe. She is just the burner! God, I love her so much! The relationship between her and Sam is smth that I haven't seen anywhere before and yet it feels more real than so many other game-relationships. (SPOILER ALERT: chapter 4 was such a heartbreaker... but damn, so so good!)It is simply beautiful and funny and tragic and everything one could want in a game of this genre.And now I'm waiting impatiently for the download to finish and for the afternoon to come so I can play :D(srsly hope this won't be a Hamlet-like-ending though  .___.)"
76561198051942849,Recommended,319630,18580207,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hagen,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,319630,18580303,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Black Rabbit of Inlé,"It's far from perfect; the dialogue in particular tends to be a bit clumsy with its choices of words, especially when it uses slang.But if you look past the small stuff, what is being achieved here is pretty great.Between the game's design (eg, the use of licensed songs by well known artists like A&J Stone and Alt-J) and the story's themes (eg, demystifying suicide and mental health), I think this might be the best choices-matter-episodic-narrative game to date.Hopefully this becomes a game-changer in digital literature."
,Recommended,319630,18580620,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lt.Dan,♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT!!!
76561198090007037,Recommended,319630,16234263,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,mishril,"One of the most fulfilling, atmospheric and engaging games I have every played. I highly recommend this game to anybody looking for a story rich, choice based game with in depth characters, a unique story and a beautiful general look."
,Recommended,319630,16928625,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,veyonce,"while this game pushes the limitations of every kind of story telling, surpassing many movies and tv shows of similar content, it is not for the faint of heart. it is a gut wrenching story that only gets more difficult to walk through with each episode added. it combines sci-fi with well-known dramas and traumas.when I really enjoy a game I play it through twice for the full effect, Life Is Strange makes it nearly impossible to pick back up only because I don't wish to experience the agony of reliving these moments. you will fall in love with these characters and they will break your heart.THIS is storytelling at its finest... made even better, or more stressful, by your own decisions.Post Episode 5 Edit: WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME??????????????????? DONTNOD????? WHY???????"
76561198014247149,Recommended,319630,18935372,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sylv,"Hope they make a second season, seriously."
,Recommended,319630,18918783,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Asuka Langley,"I initially bought and played through Life Is Strange on PS4, but I loved the game SO MUCH that I had to buy it on Steam as well!I won't make my review especially long, but I will say that in my opinion, this game is an incredible experience that asks you a surprisingly difficult question: If you had a second chance, would you change anything?The intense, emotional plot combines perfectly with a chill, relaxed atmosphere, providing a unique but immersive take on storytelling. The entire game, including the way characters think and act, changes and evolves based on the decisions you make throughout the course of all 5 episodes. The subplots in particular change very significantly depending on how you approach them (or if you approach them at all, which I do recommend exploring everything). While Life Is Strange does have a story to tell, it is still your own adventure; you're free to do and say what you want, to the point where you can even just sit down and collect your thoughts if you wish. Some of the game's best moments come in the form of just sitting around, hanging out, and taking in the beautiful scenery.Even though Life Is Strange is not perfect in every single way, everything about the game, including its imperfections, blend together so well that the result, in my opinion, is a perfect experience. Other than a childhood favorite, this is easily one of, if not my favorite game of all time, and I've found that this is not an uncommon opinion amongst other players as well. I consider myself lucky to have been introduced to the small town of Arcadia Bay and all of the friends I made there, and I would encourage anyone reading this to become Arcadia Bay's next ""Everyday Hero""! Needless to say, I will never forget Life Is Strange.Now, if only I could stop saying ""Wowser""..."
,Recommended,319630,18919606,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"One of the best games ever.!. I had times when I couldnt wait to see what would happen next and times when I didnt want to turn the game on because I was afraid of where things were going. The Final chapter I couldn't put down, my computr crashed twice while playing from reasons unrelated to the game but I was pacing waiting for my computer to reboot so that I could get back to being polarized!An absolute must play for anyone in this life.P.s. even tho the global choice data is cool, I feel alot of players cheat or use a guide to have proir knowledge to help them make the choice they want to make."
,Recommended,319630,18920851,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Belgarion of Riva,"This is a bit of an awkward review to write, given its episodic nature, so I'll ignore that and treat it as one big game.~~ Mild, general plot spoilers ahead ~~First of all, this is very different to Telltale's stuff. There are no QTEs, you can um and ahh over the decisions a lot more and it is ALL about talking it out with very few actual action bits. That can be good and bad, as it does the talking phenomenally well, but it gets sooo bogged down in it as the game goes on. You could even be forgiven for thinking Episode 5 is just a cutscene with token interactions added to make it a game. Because that is exactly what it feels like.Continuing the Telltale comparison, the character animations are considerably better at the cost of making the faces and lip syncing beyond terrible. Yeah, the faces are pretty (well...most. Some are just zombies), but as 75%+ of this game is watching characters talk, the lip syncing should have been a hell of a lot better than this.The game also takes a lot longer than the average Telltale. This is due to long walking scenes (which admittedly set the mood and atmosphere very well) and 10 collectibles per Episode (complete with a collectible mode so you can go back and get the ones you missed), but it’s also because the characters talk so slowly. They say something, then they say it again and then hit it home just once or thrice more just to be sure. As the game is essentially a time travelling detective game, facts are important, but you rarely have to actually remember things as you get prompts and limited dialogue options.Speaking of the time travel, it is a fantastic mechanic that is usually implemented very well; it allows creative solutions to problems, allows you to redo conversations you messed up and adds a third layer to the ‘consequence’ decisions of other adventure games. It does, however, create colossal plot holes where rewinding at key points would overcome problems a lot easier than the way you HAVE to. These limitations mean you HAVE to do certain things the way they want, despite them being stupid, dangerous or outright impossible within their own canon.It’s hard to explain what I mean without going into details of the plot, but it’s mouse-breakingly frustrating for characters to ignore obvious solutions in order to follow the dev’s plot.On the subject of the plot, it seems to be gearing up a nice detective story in the early episodes with characters falling into place to play their roles, but then takes a neck-breaking turn at BioShock Infinite Junction into pretentious reality-hopping pseudo-drama that causes characters to have a calm conversation about their feelings while the world LITERALLY FALLS APART around them.If a character says ‘I’ve always wanted to be special’ within spitting distance of a natural disaster, something went wrong in the writing department.As mentioned above, the vast majority of Episode 5 is spent in pointless false realities that have no bearing on the plot and actually detract from the story by hitting you over the head with nightmarish situations that come from nowhere and go nowhere.Again without giving exact plot spoilers, at one point you go back and change one detail that should only have affected one minute aspect of the world, but instead it undoes literally everything you just spent an hour doing. That was when this solid recommendation began to crumble a bit.I like time travel. I like time travel stories. I really like these time travel mechanics, but if you establish a canon of how they work, you 100% MUST stick to that. Ignoring, changing or adding new bits to suit the plot is lazy and serves only to make me not care about or believe in the drama.And there is a lot of drama. The cast are late-teen art college students. Apparently they ARE drama. Wouldn’t have guessed that, having done a writing degree at university, but apparently that is the case.Overall, this game has some fantastic ideas and sets up a beautiful scene and world with characters you really care about. But the plot’s insistence on being ‘dramay’ and pretentious beyond compare (it actually beats out Infinite, if not just in weirdness) means that you might not even WANT to finish the final Episode.Through writing this review I’ve been trying to decide if it’s a positive one or a negative one, but I’m gonna go with positive because this kind of interesting, unique mechanic deserves to be played...if only to learn from the plot mistakes.This is a fun game with deep – if not repetitive – leads and stunning visuals. Seriously. It’s damn pretty."
,Recommended,319630,18921057,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,[OpTic]LittleGamerMomo,"Really Goood game, good graphics, and a beautiful planned plot. This Game is Amazing (totally worth your money). This game is truely is one of the best games I played. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,319630,14273660,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RockaRayne : Triggered Edition,"If I would gone far as to buying this game ( Complete Season ) instead of downloading it off from some torrent website, then you know this game is THIS good."
,Recommended,319630,15896914,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,nowelltuitt,"Beautiful story, well written, voice acting is ok However your choices matter"
,Recommended,319630,17727723,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,BooleT,"I know that everyone is comparing this game to Telltale game series. I won't be original too. But you know what? I am sure that this game actually should've been released before any of them. Because it has much more of all around known classic quest games than of interactive movies. And it has one more thing that Telltale games have never aquired. An autmosphere. Or it's own style. Call it however you want.This game doesn't push you hard on choices (proving that in most cases there's no right choice at all). No. Instead it tells you wonderfull story, the story that only slightly changes based on your choices. Instead, your choices serve to solve many good mini-quests that are based on your ability to ""rewind time"". And it's very,very unique experience.For a first time, I was stunned. How, my choices don't matter almost AT ALL? And if you got to be wrong, you can ""rewind"" your last choice instantly to correct your mistake? What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is it! But later I understood. This game is not based on your choices. It's not full-time interactive movie like TWD, for example, but instead it's very good and stylish quest that will still hold you by the monitor for a long time. And it would be actually better if you never knew before any of Telltale games at all.And it's very much re-playable too!"
76561198073877461,Recommended,319630,17728508,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,『It-Must-Have-Been-Rough』,"This game is amazing! I had my doubts at first, because of the hipster vibes it gave off, but the game turned out awesome. The hipster vibes actually make the story feel a little more realistic and it helps you relate to Max as a character but the way you get to interact with everything in the world around you makes the game for me, you get to see the people of Arcadia bay go about their daily lives and how your decisions effect them personally and it's also a nice touch to the game that you can rewind and see the other choices you can make, it actually gives you confidence in the answers you choose. The choices in the game are really tough as well, they make you realise that everything you do matters in this universe. The story is an emotional rollercoaster that'll have you laughing and crying all at once and it is well put together, with hardly any loose ends to tie, if you want there to be loose ends you can also do that too and considering how the game isn't done yet is amazing. All in all I find this game to be what a lot of people actually want in a choice based game, great relatable characters, amazing story, tough but rewarding choices and so much personallity. so you should give this game a try, even if the hipster vibes turn you off, I can guarantee that you'll love it."
,Recommended,319630,17600499,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ner,Great Game !!
76561198113459480,Recommended,319630,17393065,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Desolate Eden,"I haven't reviewed any of my games before, but after playing through episode 1-4 of this one, I had to write a review.(Sorry about the badly structured review in advance, try not to bleed from your eyes whilst reading this)It's pretty hard for me to put into words how good this game is so I'll try and explain bit by bit.Life is strange starts off really slow, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The game does an extremely good job at making itself feel ""real"". I mean, the way it's presented, how you walk  around the school campus, attend your lesson, actually sit at your desk and listen to the teacher speak, all in real time. It feels so real and immersive. You can interact with almost everything in the environment, examine it and hear your character comment on it. Life is Strange also references real life titles of movies, videos games, anime, you name it, which connects you even more to its world. When you have a classmate text you asking whether you've watched Cannibal Holocaust, or when you read your diary and notice that the main character likes anime like Fullmetal Alchemist, you can really relate to the world and the people in it. The amount of detail that the developers put into each and every environment you explore is huge. I mean you can just wander around the school halls and read posters or notices on the boards talking about extracurricular activities you can join or some guy trying to sell a bike, these little things really flesh out the world and make it feel like you are really there, living out the life of a Blackwell Academy student.As for the story, I won't say much on this topic as I don't want to spoil anything for potential buyers, but the story is good and I mean really good.  Like I said, it starts off slow, you just got accepted into Blackwell Academy, you're going to live your student life in this great school, etc etc, then about 15 minutes into the game, certain things happen and you discover that you're actually able to rewind time. From that point onward, the game becomes really interesting, the story slowly starts moving towards a more gripping and mysterious plot and it's exciting to just see what's going to happen next. It really grips you and doesn't want to let go. You won't want to put it down.And this brings me onto gameplay. Life is Strange is much slower in terms of pace compared to a lot of games you might've seen this year. You'll spend most of your time walking around interacting with things around you, talking to people and just being nosy/curious. The biggest part of gameplay is the rewind power. For example, let's say you spoke to someone and said something that you regret. You're able to rewind and repeat the conversation and say something else this time for a different result. There are even puzzles which require you to speak to people and use the rewind ability to obtain information or certain items. The way it’s done is really smart and the amount of choices you can make and the different results they will have later on is incredible.I mean Life is Strange is really fantastic, this review definitely doesn't do it justice, but here's something that I really enjoyed in the game that blew my mind;There are moments throughout the game where you can find places to sit down and when you do, your character begins thinking of things that have been happening lately and or sometimes reminiscence about the past, just sort of summing everything up and thinking about how she feels about everything. During these moments, the camera changes angles, sort of showcasing the area you're in and you get some sort of slow peaceful music in the background (The music is fantastic in this game by the way).It's during those moments that I realized Life is Strange isn't just about following the story, it made me see the big picture it's trying to paint. Seeing life as something that is actually quite strange. Realizing that these small or even big everyday choices we make have an effect on the future, on the people or the world around us. It made me see how life changes from being a kid to being an adult. You know, sort of seeing the transition you went through but on someone else and then looking back on yourself and thinking ""Damn a lot has changed"" It also made me realize that every person has their own story, I know it’s a cliché, but it really made me see that everybody has their own issues and reasons for why they are the way they are and that we should never really judge a person too quickly. There's just so much it has opened my mind to that I can't possibly explain without looking like I'm repeating myself or making no sense.I'm not sure what else to say here, but I really, really recommend you to buy this if you've even thought about it a little bit. Life is Strange is a nice change of pace and it will definitely not disappoint if you're patient and enjoy taking a game slowly.TL;DRBUY IT!"
,Recommended,319630,17587679,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ling0r,This ♥♥♥♥ing game man. This is one of the few games where I actually got attached to characters and the plot. I would very highly recommend it.
,Recommended,319630,17589827,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Jones,The best story I have played in the last 25 Years.And the most emotional one. Period.
,Recommended,319630,17603180,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,RoneSpeak,"This is one of the best story games I've ever played, it gets inside your head and starts tugging on your heart strings all the while keeping your eyes glued to the screen"
,Recommended,319630,17577336,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Süß Zeus,"What you need to know before buying this game:----------------------------------------------------- You will get sucked into it and undoubtedly end up buying all 5 episodes- You will probably scream. A lot.- You may or may not cry a few times- ♥♥♥♥ gets real- You will probably rewind after every decision you make- PLOT TWISTS!!- Each episode hits you harder in the feelies- Get used to hearing the word ""hella"" a lot.So with that said...Buy this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,17509848,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,birthday sout,"Don't let the occasional bit of funky dialogue, greasy-haired character models and high school setting fool you; this game is hella good."
76561198082990396,Recommended,319630,17515223,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kuznetsov97,"I really have a good time playing this game.A really good soundtrack that really bring up the mood.Every ending of each episode always make me feel like"".....what?""Well, there's a few bug after rewinding a major event / decision.Always panic when saw the butterfly ""This actions will have consequences"" on a small thing. I hate decisions. But that's life... Life is Strange"
,Recommended,319630,28181942,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,D2!K! ⚡➹,"Trzeba w to zagrać, bo nie umiem opisać jak epicka i klimatyczna jest ta gra. Wielkie nrawa dla twórców.Only what I can say after end this game is 13/10 <3"
76561198088947898,Recommended,319630,24946618,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Eggsy,"One of the best, most charming, hella-awesome games I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,28752358,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jtipt,"This game is exceptional, I have never seen a story this good. This is not just a gmae its an experience."
,Recommended,319630,28986616,Posted: 3 January,all,[DMT],Amazinggame! I wish I could rewind my memory and play thismasterpieceone more time...
,Recommended,319630,28951673,Posted: 2 January,all,мαι∂αησ🅱,Самая лучшая игра в которую я когда-либо играл!
,Recommended,319630,24804109,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Irusiyo,"I loved the game. I felt that I was about to cry a lot of times, the story is well written and I was able to relate to a lot of characters. Awesome soundtrack as well! :)"
76561198059749561,Recommended,319630,32770223,Posted: 25 June,all,Nadski,"Got episode 1 for free and immediately bought the rest of the game after finishing it. This game was a true masterpiece and I couldn't recommend it enough. 10/10 story, soundtrack and visuals."
,Recommended,319630,32772516,Posted: 25 June,all,itj skinhub.com,would kill best friend again 10/10
,Recommended,319630,30063816,Posted: 20 February,all,plorant20,"I've never taken the time to post a review before.  This game though I feel I need to.  I didn't really know what to expect when I first loaded up ""Life is Strange.""  Sure, I read some (thankfully spoiler free) reviews here and there.  It was cheap so I gave it a go.  After the first chapter, I knew I was hooked.  I couldn't wait to keep playing.  I've never played a game where the dialogue seemed so real and unforced.   I didn't cringe after hearing teenagers interact like so many other games or tv shows make me do.  The music that accompanies the gameplay keeps you spellbound.  I've actually added a few tracks to my Spotify playlist.  By the end of Chapter 3, I took a long break from the game.  What had just happened had affected me so much.  I didn't want to see the game end.  I recently came back and finally finished the game.  It was well worth every emotional gut wrenching moment.You can just tell when a development team loves the game they are making.  I almost feel like DONTNOD shouldn't make another game. They will have a hard time topping this."
,Recommended,319630,32749521,Posted: 24 June,all,TTay21,Play the game just to be able to make out with Chloe.♥
,Recommended,319630,19800838,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Saries,"I'm usually too lazy to leave reviews but I just finished this game and I need to leave one.This game affected me like no game ever has. I am in my thirties and I've played video games since I was just a small kid but this game is something else.It's special and it touches your heart. There aren't a lot of games that have this much heart anymore.Get this game, you won't regret it. You will laugh and you will cry. You will FEEL for these characters and the plot twists will leave you staggered.This is a game you can go back and play over again not just because you have multiple choices but because it's just so beautiful. You'll want to go back to Arcadia Bay.Get this game and never look back."
,Recommended,319630,32783889,Posted: 25 June,all,AD,"An **incredibly** hesitant reccomendation. The first four episodes are great and well told, but episode five is possibly the single worst tire-fire of an ending of any videogame I've ever played. Go in at your own risk, but don't expect any decent resolutions to anything - and definitely don't expect your choices to matter."
76561198064802438,Recommended,319630,32787826,Posted: 25 June,all,Grand theft zombie,This game reached to me on a emotional level with some events and the mystery behind it wanted me to keep going just to solve it and the choices you have to make can be as easy as moving your mouse but others are difficult to make having me sit in front on my computer for 15 minutes min and up to half an hour just to contemplate what I should choose. The emotions that the characters portray are also well done making this emotional rollorcoster of a game very enjoyable.
,Recommended,319630,19818509,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,denetii,"While there isn't much 'game' to it, Life Is Strange offers a story that is solid and well-told in absolute terms, along with likable characters and a beautiful, interesting location. Compared to other video games - which, on average, still struggle immensely with telling a good story - it is one of the best experiences you'll find out there."
76561198124299069,Recommended,319630,16879921,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,leumao,best story game ever and Max is so cute too ! Good job Square Enix :thumbsup:
,Recommended,319630,19724810,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bluebird,"This feels like something that will stay with me for a long time.It's absoloutely beautiful, a work of art as well as a challenging game. Some of the themes, particularly in episode 3, hit close to home. I went to bed heartbroken after that, but in a funny way, this game has changed my outlook on some important things in my real life.I listen to the music tracks occasionally and when I close my eyes, I'm laying on Chloe's bed with smoke swilring over my head. This game made real memories- as if the characters are some of my real friends."
,Recommended,319630,32726169,Posted: 24 June,all,oscar7070,yes very good game i want Life is Strange before the storme
76561198171069775,Recommended,319630,15096128,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JinX44,amazing and breathtaking!! life is strange is worth every penny!!! every choice has an impact on every episode so always know what too choose or karma will backfire....
,Recommended,319630,31733666,Posted: 13 May,all,bryce0110,"This game is currently tied with Witcher 3 for my favorite game of all time. This is actually one of the best experiences I've ever had.I had chosen to play this while waiting for GTA 5 to finish downloading. I do not regret this as I was instantly hooked.I, personally, felt the ending was really good, despite the large amount of complaining from it. Just because there is technically no ""Happy ending"" does not make it a bad ending.The games art style is really ♥♥♥♥ing good, one of the best looking games out there. Only complaint about this is the quality of the lip syncing. The game was low budget and most of the budget was spent on writing the story and the VAs, which really well paid off since those are the best qualities in the game, so they get a little excuse for the low quality lip syncing.The character design is wonderful, having so many loveable characters and so many hated characters. I was surprised by how accurate the character development seemed to be.Overall, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and, since the first episode is free, should be a must play. Atleast try the first episode, because this game is really good."
76561198121689496,Recommended,319630,32782418,Posted: 25 June,all,M870 Rush B!,"Max and Chloe and RachelSometimes, you want to keep time slowly.Sometimes, you cannot change anything.Sometimes, life is strange.R.I.P RachelCrying again..."
76561198256908968,Recommended,319630,30948293,Posted: 4 April,all,Michael Wazowski,"This game is really one of a kind. If you have the opportunity to get it, the do it. You will not regret it. This is an extremly well made game and I am glad i have gotten the opportunity to play it"
,Recommended,319630,27336977,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThatWhiteGuy,"Don't ask a question about Max's sexuality, you're not gonna get a straight answer."
,Recommended,319630,25697583,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GridNo,"Life Is Strange is perhaps one the best games that i have played. It is an emotional rollercoaster where every decision you make will have a true consqeunce. The audio and visuals are beautifully balanced that you'll lose yourself in every episode wanting more after each one. If you dont own the game I highly recommend it, but if you do own and have it on your backlog list; i suggest you move this one to top of list and make it a priority. Great game, a must play. Heart Warming Tear Jerker."
76561198141095395,Recommended,319630,32850531,Posted: 27 June,all,Pellez,"One of the best emotional game i've played so far, it's a real must-buy:Story10/10Everything of the story is bonded and perfect, the dialogues of the main characteres (Max and Chloe) as well as what happens around according to the choices you choose are unique and touch you in the heart.Every choice you're going to take will change the past, present and future and therefore you will be deeply feel connected to the game since you made those decisions personally.Everytime you finish an episode you can't wait to play the next one. Trust me. And when you'll finish the episode 5 you'd like to not have played this game.Graphic8/10You don't have to play this game for the ""graphic"" because it's obviously a rough graphic compared to other games that we're used to play. However the graphic of this game fits perfect for this genre.Music9/10The Music fits very well in every part of this game especially also for the end of it.Bugs9/10Luckily i encountered only 1 bug when sometimes Max doesn't articulate the mouth properly or not at all when she talks with someone on some important dialogues. (This however doesn't change anything of the story impact itself). But overall no bugs found.Conclusion10/10Best story i've played so far. This game is a masterpiece in game history.LIFE IS STRANGE...AND ALSO THE FEELINGS AFTER YOU'LL FINISH THE GAME."
76561198126128893,Recommended,319630,24948828,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TimeTravelMax,"This game really draws you in the first time you play. You'll have to know more, know how everything happened, and what kind of choices make each effect. In a word, its addicting! (In a totally good way). I recommend this game strongly to anyone who likes in depth plotlines and discovery games."
76561198042597381,Recommended,319630,32802491,Posted: 25 June,all,S7ЭV1И,Best story/game ever created...
,Recommended,319630,27827128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zyx`Freeze,The Best Story Rich Game Ever!!!
76561198275788783,Recommended,319630,29306222,Posted: 16 January,all,Chin kee,"This is an AMAZING game. It was one of the first games that I played where I got attached to the characters. I fell in love with Chloe and Max and loved watching them develop through all five episodes. It was a great story and all of the characters had a great personality. By the time that I had finished the game I had been emotionally changed, I had many different emotions throughout playing this game. There was a so many times that I feel like the game just went ""You played yourself"" and made you think about the choices that you had made. All in all this is an amazing game and I would say that anyone who likes story games should give this game a play. Replaying it again and having just as much fun."
,Recommended,319630,27902246,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,QuimbyDogg,Great adventure game.  Manipulation of time makes for interesting puzzles.  Good story and voice acting.
,Recommended,319630,32914324,Posted: 27 June,all,Dan,I don't want to feel anything ever again. 10/10
76561197988549978,Recommended,319630,28994622,Posted: 3 January,all,Bakterium,-this game made me cry like a little baby two times-nice twin peaks easter eggs-great soundtrack10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,32903201,Posted: 27 June,all,MLGPROPLAYER,Best game ever I cried.
,Recommended,319630,32911996,Posted: 27 June,all,QuinnBravo,dude this game is awesome. totally worth it
,Recommended,319630,26967233,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheInferno3210,"Worth more than the price of admission. While many may herald it as simply good or meh. It is by far my favorite game of all time, and the most emotionally charged game I've ever played. It has completely changed my outlook on how to properly design games and play them.Life is Strange is beautiful. Life is Beautiful. Sorry but not sorry."
,Recommended,319630,15595270,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Loz,Just buy this game. Then play it and if you aren't happy reverse time and choose not to buy it.Wait that's not part of real life is it? I lost myself in Life is Strange...
,Recommended,319630,20272803,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,trickکhot » NOOB_Kain,What the Store not mentioned before: You will recive an army of onion cutting ninjas.This Ninjas are trained to cut more and stronger onions as you play through this game.11/10 - would cry again (like a B**ch)
,Recommended,319630,32871643,Posted: 27 June,all,Static,Only played the first chapter but it hits the feels
76561198063377949,Recommended,319630,27396238,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Mats,"I´m only posting a review to get the badge for The Steam Awards. But seriously, it´s a great game."
,Recommended,319630,32761336,Posted: 25 June,all,Asqiroz,This was a really great adventure!I'd recommend it to anyone..I have cried so much in this game it isn't even funny!Proves to show you should never f*ck with Time!Sad it is over :'(
,Recommended,319630,32763749,Posted: 25 June,all,◭FauxJeNeSaisQuoi◭,"Wow... I just finished the game entirely, and it has to be the most powerful story game I've ever played. Let me list why.(First part is from an artists perspective, scroll down if you just want the gameplay review)FROM AN ARTISTS PERSPECTIVE:I write a TON of stories and am fascinated by art. The amount of emotion revolving around the main character alone is incredible. I felt like I was in their shoes since the start. The way the game is structured, the episodes, the superpower- It all connects beautifully and incredibly. To think that there are people in the world going through similar situations in which they could have reversed time and changed something, it hurts. As much as it hurts, this game puts it in perspective as to how it would actually be. One little thing goes wrong and you destroy an entire city. Butterfly effect. I love the fact that literally every action can change the future. Perfectly and brilliantly laid out for a slightly old game.FROM A GAMEPLAY PERSPECTIVE:I know there aren't very many hardcore 'artists' out there, so this section is for you. I find the gameplay to be extremely immersive, and the fact that every little action impacts the future, it adds onto that addicting and expectation factor. You may find yourself getting a bit emotional at parts (at least I did), but there is a thing called 'karma'. I think that gamers of all types will fall in love with this game, and the concept that you can rewind time and reality.WOULD I BUY THE DLC FOR IT:Ha, yeah. I bought the entire thing in a heartbeat; and it's only 5 U.S. Dollars. I find it impossible to play the first episode and not want to move onto the next ones right away. I suggest buying the DLC beforehand, as it takes a long time to download.MY MESSAGE TO THE COMMUNITY:I thought I'd leave this in, just because I know that this game will heavily impact some people on an emotional level. If you're going through any type of drama or bullying, things will get better. You're worth more than what bullies tell you. Be happy they're targetting you; because they're so insecure about their lives that they have to push it onto people who seem better than them. Things will get better, and I know it's said a lot, but it's true. Stay strong.Much love, Fitz."
,Recommended,319630,17265185,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rising§well,"I'm a person who you would typically find playing fast paced games like Counter Strike, League of Legends or Rocket League. The speed an excitement of those games is brilliant. That is the kind of person I am. The games I enjoy. I thought that you should take that into consideration when I say that this is, without a doubt, the best game I have ever played in my entire life. It's amazing. The amount of things you can choose to, or not do, is incredible and nearly all of it makes a difference. Even down to the small details, like your potted plant.Highly recommended to anyone ever. ∞/10"
76561197997664168,Recommended,319630,17265453,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,adsamcik,"After the whole game is released, I think it's time to rewrite my review. The game is not perfect, but it is  closest to perfect episodic game yet. I enjoyed every episode and got hooked up since the first one. This game was something different, it's setting is somewhat stupid but genius. The game got me so occupied by the story, that I forgot about thing I tend to notice in TV Shows. It has beatufil art and the first time I played it, it amazed me, but now I am worried, that the second time won't be as good, because I already know how it ends, what happens, but that's problem of every single story based game, the replayability values is just low, if you experienced pretty much all the content before, I might however make more sucky decision just to see if anything changes."
76561198037319961,Recommended,319630,29791785,Posted: 8 February,all,zkurvenej debil,This is hands down the best game ever.
,Recommended,319630,32874895,Posted: 27 June,all,SayWhat?,Made me cry. That's all you need to know.For maximum effect...no spoilers!!!Recommended 10/10
,Recommended,319630,32872635,Posted: 27 June,all,プロキシ猫,The best movie I've ever played.
09876543122134567,Recommended,319630,31862514,Posted: 20 May,all,LPW7,"Absolutey brilliant game. Excellent story, amazing and unique characters and very hard choices. Some don't like the ending but I didn't mind it. Highly recommend to anyone how likes this sort of game, and it doesn't require a super fast computer! 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,25109786,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mr1996red,"-Hey Chloe, this is ♥♥♥♥in awesome!!! (^_^)-Maxine no emojies!I recommend this game , u won't be dissapointed, I promise u."
,Recommended,319630,32866098,Posted: 27 June,all,Xenon,Hella good
76561198111296049,Recommended,319630,26994667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ms. Marvel,"I absolutely love this game as a whole: compelling characters, engaging and emotional plot, phenomenal soundtrack, progressive ideas, the list goes on. There were a couple of things I did NOT like -- the ending felt a little bit like a let down after everything, and there were a couple points, especially towards the end, where the play style would abruptly shift and it would be like you were playing an entirely different game for five minutes. But, overall, this game is stunning and absolutely, 100% worth playing."
,Recommended,319630,18304687,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Constantine104,One of the most captivating stories i've played for quite a while.  The magic of Life Is Strange is how it pulls you in and makes you belive you are really a part of this world.
76561198067761889,Recommended,319630,18108349,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Austin Powers,"10/10. It's one of those games that you play and it slightly changes you, then you dont see anything in the same way again."
76561198067608490,Recommended,319630,18095495,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MrMilkman254,"One of the most captivating games I've ever played, I highly recommend this to everyone"
76561198233193616,Recommended,319630,28120183,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,PARENEK,хорошая игра
,Recommended,319630,17948880,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,mother_of_pearl1,"Absolutely mind boggeling game. There have been moments in it where I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off, am in awe of the visual aspects, and cry my eyes out. This game takes you on an incredible adventure, unlike any other. Can't wait for episode five to come out, I'm excited to see how things will end. Don't question getting this game, just get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,319630,32888737,Posted: 27 June,all,Zarozax,"This game really hits all of the marks for interactive fiction:The sound design, scoring, and world building created an incredible atmosphere of suspense, tension, and occasionally hopelessness. The acoustic soundtrack for the game is extremely fitting to each scene and is very soothing and melancholy.The visual design is really aesthetically appealing. The artists for this game had an excellent sense of color, lighting, and framing for cutscenes. The art style made the game something very pleasant to look at. The only visual flaw I would say the game has is the facial animation. The lip sync is often REALLY bad and can occasionally bug out and not happen at all. The facial animation is a bit lacking which kind of dampened the impact of really emotional scenes. The voice acting, however, is incredible and makes up for most visual flaws. The voice actors are incredibly skilled and expressive, and it makes the world feel so much more organic.The narrative is brilliance and is a whole lot deeper than it appears on the tin. I think a lot of new players will jump into the game, hear a few ""hella""s and ""amazeballs""s and believe they're just playing some generic high school game. It really is so much more. The choices presented to the player are difficult and impactful to the course of the story. Though the choices don't make much difference to the actual ending, they really shape tons of events that occur throughout the story, creating a different EXPERIENCE every time. I would argue that is very valuable in fiction even if the ending isn't as impacted."
,Recommended,319630,26061063,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Krosh [Ger],"I am a grown man plus I am German, so I was born without any feelings. But damn this game touched my heart! Every character has a story if you take your time and read all the notes, see the small details and talk to them! The story is great and you cant stop playing because this is a truly wonderful gem of gaming, no, of art history"
,Recommended,319630,32886356,Posted: 27 June,all,ill.oOminated,I got introduced to video games by my dad when I was 5 or 6. That was almost 25 years ago. I've played hundreds of video games since then - but never EVER has a game had an impact on me like this one did. I'd call this a masterpiece and I can't remember any better / more influencing game in my whole life.TLDR: By far the best game I've ever played - and I played LOTS!
,Recommended,319630,32797425,Posted: 25 June,all,Meh ッ,Music : 10/10Art style : 9/10Story 9/10Voices acting : 10/10totally would recommend this
,Recommended,319630,32882418,Posted: 27 June,all,BobaBrett,"Easily one of my favorite games. Beautiful story, great soundtrack, emotional roller coaster."
76561198007792602,Recommended,319630,32865828,Posted: 27 June,all,Parr,Absolutely fantastic game. Couldn't recommend more highly.
,Recommended,319630,14293281,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,EveLikesCereal,One of the most enjoyable games I've played in a long time. Great attention to detail and the setting and characters are fantastic. Pretty much godda try this if you like story orientated games.
76561198096117345,Recommended,319630,14427977,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,clovexr92,"First episode is plain brilliant, it has you hooked from the very beginning to the very end. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,14613677,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,eightdivines,"I played and finished the first episode a couple 'days ago, and I really enjoyed, AND liked it! I'm gladly awaiting the next episode.10/10 Would play this game again."
,Recommended,319630,14248762,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Alex,"warm and comforting soundtrack, interesting characters and great writing from what i've played so far; can't wait for the second episode."
76561198073987650,Recommended,319630,14273111,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,★Matsy★,"This game is very ""wowing,"" It's very much like a interractive TV show but has the choice making aspect (quite liek that of a Telltale Game) but the thing that made me worry about choice making is the choices are never really black and white, the conquences are unknown until it's too late, yet you can rewind and try the other, but it may end up worst than the first, that and many other reasons such and the characters, the setting, the music, all make this game very interesting and I can't wait to play more in March: so far 10/10!"
76561198087027489,Recommended,319630,14541239,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Rowanbunni,"A great northwestern mashup of Twin-Peaksian supernatural mystery and the youthful vibe (and jargon) of Juno, with ""Pornstache"" from Orange is the New Black as a petty (yet very frustrating) villain.I was amped up for more after the first episode and definitely wouldn't mind another playthough as well. Quite a progressive and positive step for Square Enix."
,Recommended,319630,14357584,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JohanWolfrikZ,"I find it refreshing to be able to play as a female protag with a fleshed out backstory, her strength doesn't hinge upon her being tough, she's a strong female character in the sense that she is complex. I really look forward to playing the upcoming episodes and recommend this game to others."
76561197984536710,Recommended,319630,14323291,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tAk,"Once in a while the game industry shows us that there is still space for gentle and poetic narratives, that gaming isnt all about blood, explosions and violence: it is, of course, a field that requires fantasy - real life is often dull, so, playing any sort of video game is, in a way, a retreat from this world to a more vivid and interesting one.Still, this game tells the tale of a youngster, dealing with growing up, ostracism, loneliness, facing dreams about what life could be and the terrible fear of the ever dream-crushing reality. We've been there. Some of us are still dealing with it.  Some will never leave this painfull stage of life. But Maxine can rewind time and, by doing so, she can change the course of her own history and that of those around her. Learning to say the right thing in the right time, and gaining infinite opportunities to try and try again and to go on, not only knowing that she did the best she could, but knowing at least the immediate the results of the choice she chose not to make. That bit of fantasy is what defines the strangeness in ""Life is Strange"". without it, the title would be, perhaps, just real every-day dull life."
,Recommended,319630,14278996,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ricc,"Life is strange is a narrative-focused game with strong influences from contemporaries like Gone Home and The Walking Dead. What it excells at is presenting a well written story that's unfolding right along side you.Their novel approach to choice, which  lets you rethink all of your decisions before actually committing to them, made me feel in control over my character while still retaining all the qualities of a strong, authored narrative. The game never made me feel like I just missed out on some content or want to reload to see an alternate dialogue option. That doesn't mean that there are no hard decisions to make here. They just mostly result from the dramatic events in the game instead of from a feeling of uncertainty, which I enjoyed a lot.All of this is sold through superb art direction, character animation, voice acting and environment design. The personal spaces they present for some of these characters are among the highlights. They feel interesting and lived-in and made me want to know more about these people and their relationships. The high quality in audio-visual presentation not only makes the game an aesthetically pleasing experience, though. It also affords them the luxury of letting the player actively participate in all of the plot points and not having to rely on events told through flashback too much. This makes the story feel suspensful and immediate.Overall I'm very impressed with the first episode and definitely will keep playing more as they are released."
,Recommended,319630,14507154,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,keepcalmandwearthongs,I'm in love!!!!
,Recommended,319630,14531406,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SkiesBleedAshes,"Life is Strange is an amazing addition to the library, which reminds me heavily of The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, Indigo Prophecy/Fahrenheit, Beyond: Two Souls and Heavy Rain. While choice and consequence play a significant role in the game, your character has the ability to reverse time and try again. This ability may seem overpowered but it isn't, considering the fact that you only have a short amount of time to reverse and many of your actions' consequences won't reveal themselves until later, when it's too late to go back and change the action.An awesome, atmospheric title which focuses on current social topics such as teenage bullying, gender specific bullying, possible kidnapping and teen substance abuse. The game gives you a similar feeling to that of movies like Juno, which fits very well for the setting. It also maintains an awesome sci-fi/fantasy feel and if you're into photography or art, you'll get a nice history lesson on those subjects as well. There are so many different choices you can make, with each one changing the story a bit. In fact, there's one significant secret which you will only discover by acting in very specific ways. It'll be hard to have two Let's Plays play out the same.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=394789179"
,Recommended,319630,14533999,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hammer_Bunny,Very interesting and original.
,Recommended,319630,14251659,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MoonSafari,Amazing story line and a great idea for not only the story but the game details. highly recommend!
76561198048378980,Recommended,319630,14239267,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Paul,I preordered Life Is Strange on a whim and its one of the most suprisingly brilliant games I bought (or atleast IS so far)I have been a little bored by Square Enix in recent years but this is something I think I can genuenly invest in.I look forward to watching my Max's story unfold.
,Recommended,319630,14562144,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cr¡kosin,"Life is Strange is a great 5-part/episodic interactive game! Though, theres a lot of bugs like the movement in talking doesn't really match up with the lip-syncing but although this is a great game! A very interesting dramatic storyline that gives you suspense and pretty much everything a teen drama-story needs. You get so involved in this game it's just unbelievable how fast you get engaged in the story. It makes you want more and I just love that feeling because now i know that each episode will be even better as I play. This seams like a game Tell-Tale would make and I believe that's what Square-Enix was trying to obviously do since ""point-and-click's"" are a pretty good layout and game style right now. I reccomend this to whoever likes dramatic Science-Fiction storylines."
76561198150805535,Recommended,319630,14457204,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,norkzilla13,"For a first episode, this is a great way to open a story. Something out of a teenage novel? Maybe, but look at the ages of the characters! Max just turned 18 and from what I can remember, that doesn't mean you instanly turn into a grumpy adult. Anywhere past 18 a person is still questioning everything they do. Makes it even harder when you can revierce time. Ooohhh the anxiety!I would also like to point out that the art style almost makes me feel as if everything is a moving painting. Every movement is a magical stroke.  The two and a half hours that I put in does not nearly feel like it's enough to actually enjoy everything. I've worked with Unreal before, but I had no idea this was a possible outcome.I am hungry for more. More action, more art work, and more character development! This is actually a tell-tell game I want to play. I have been recomending this game to everyone since I've caught wind of it. Heck, my whole department is going to get spammed by me starting Monday!Thank you for the wonderful and beautiful experiance. When I make my first game, I forever look back on this for insperation not just from the game play itself, but from the impact that it has left many of us."
76561198006607418,Recommended,319630,14743847,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,dycemaster,"If you you like games that are very story/ plot heavy and truly immerse you in an amazing world outside your own, almost like watching a film, then this is a game for you. Only in this film you have to make the choices and consider the consequences. The graphics are amazing, the movement is smooth flowing and the controls are relatively basic and easy to control (even more so if you are using a console controller). A story/ game where you can play it over n over and never quite do things the same way twice...even if the story itself does follow the same path."
,Recommended,319630,14313878,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,i8x4t,"If you like Quantic Dream or maybe even Telltale games this is a must have. Highschool felling mixed with mystery. Max is an outstanding character and the Unreal engine creates the right graphics for this ""indie"" experience by Sqare Enix."
,Recommended,319630,15989020,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,obk,))
76561198282677826,Recommended,319630,32664742,Posted: 22 June,all,ANDRI-_-,very god story mode
76561198069846749,Recommended,319630,32736093,Posted: 24 June,all,blurryface,"This is probably my favourite game of all time. I've never had a game impact me as much as Life Is Strange, the story. characters and atmosphere of this game in my mind are perfect.In fact I love this game so much I had already bought and completed this on console and decided to buy and play through it again on PC. The great thing is, because choices really do matter and impact the way certain story arcs go, while replaying it and choosing different options I got a different take on the story.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys games with an amazing story driven style. 10/10(I cannot wait unti LIS: Before The Storm!!!)"
,Recommended,319630,31912778,Posted: 22 May,all,Frankarlo,Play this game and watch 13 Reasons Why. You will be more grateful about your life.
,Recommended,319630,32794758,Posted: 25 June,all,LOLME,"Life Is Strangeis really frustrating,the story is really deep and your action affects how you continue.however i don't want to spoil anything about the game.It's like a movie series.Worth every penny,but i'd still recommend buying it on sale for 4.99$ Because it's really worth the money.Hope you are having fun!"
76561198068030549,Recommended,319630,32750774,Posted: 24 June,all,Ryan,Absolutely amazing. Can't wait for Before the Storm
,Recommended,319630,32702018,Posted: 23 June,all,Tokan,"Interesting story, layered characters, Rewind mechanic, beautiful set pieces and a great OST make this a must buy, especially at the low prices it frequently goes on sale for. I've played many ""episodic adventure"" games and this is by far the best one so far. My only negatives would be the sometimes poor lip sync (At one point in the last episode I had Max speak for a conversation without her mouth moving) and the sometimes cliche dialogue. Recommended!"
,Recommended,319630,32730968,Posted: 24 June,all,Badman v.p90only = noob,"nice :,v"
,Recommended,319630,30758280,Posted: 26 March,all,MI | MiguelCapurro,It's just so good. Also very hyped for the next game of dontnod called Vampyre <3
,Recommended,319630,18779047,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MoonShade,"For anyone wondering if Life Is Strange is worth buying, well here's the deal: not even the slightest flaw. This game could be a ""feeling generator"", and the more you play it, the more you'll wish to stay still in front of the computer, tasting every flavour its story gives you to try. Displaying a rich and accurate story, Life Is Strange could be defined as a true hand drawn masterpiece, a refreshingly different coming-of-age drama that takes your decisions seriously. Moreover, this beautiful Telltale-esque knows how to surprize you, in fact, while you're playing it you'll be definetely wondering: ""how did something like that even happen? What will come next?"".Having said that, LIS basically resides on its narrative, combining it with gameplay moments. The development of the characters and what they're supposed to be going through will definetely leave you speechless, because of the story's intensity, which, as a matter of fact, shows up shades of darkness, touching moments, laughter, heartbreaking scenes, dramatic turn of events, friendship, love, and life in general. Yes, as many would say, we're talking about an emotional rollercoaster. An intresting, entertaining and delightful game you could become addicted to, no joking.Let's say it outloud: DONTNOD and Square Enix have done a wonderful job with this video interactive novel. Adventurous, compelling, outstanding. What else?100% recommended to anyone, especially teenagers.Are you ready to begin a journey through a lot of different emotions?"
76561198045504707,Recommended,319630,32728935,Posted: 24 June,all,ndgt510451,awesome game
,Recommended,319630,32887674,Posted: 27 June,all,bagel collector,"One of the most beautiful games I have ever played, both visually and in soul. The emotion and weight you carry throughout the series keep you engaged and eager for conclusions. I got the whole series on sale for $5, and honestly, I wish I could've paid more.10/10 visuals10/10 story (the plot holes are easily filled when you consider the importance of the characters)10/10 gameplay (they do NOT skimp out on the branching storyline, every decision has real weight)10/10 characters (every character is 3 dimensional and has a fleshed out backstory, it's magical to see their worlds collide)10/10 soundtrack (they get indie band music to cue out emotional parts and the picks for some of these tracks will give you chills)Just 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,20259276,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kagekam,Really good game!!!
,Recommended,319630,32935951,Posted: 28 June,all,BBatty8,10/10 This game is really gorgeous and amazing. Give it a try. Don't miss it!No matter what happens you have to play this game. I'm serious. Love this game so much.
,Recommended,319630,32910905,Posted: 27 June,all,Vizeth,"este juego destrozo mi alma y corazon, me destruyo mentalmentetus decisiones no importan.... te va a destruir...es hermoso! ♥"
,Recommended,319630,18654641,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kid Zombie,"A+ game, 10 out o' 10.Engaging plot, likable characters, and wonderful execution. Graphics are nice and smooth.Def would recommend."
76561198154001367,Recommended,319630,18622874,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,C0DE_28,Life is Strange is one of the best games i have ever played. After completing all 5 episodes i cant find the right words... so i wont say any more.AMD 6300 6 core16 gig RamEVGA gtx 960 FTW editionFPS 60
76561198121710121,Recommended,319630,32971697,Posted: 28 June,all,Xd,Life is strange is a milestoneIt's all about the historyA must play for sure!
76561197974280587,Recommended,319630,32966696,Posted: 28 June,all,WiKiD,Love this game
76561198185721753,Recommended,319630,15126255,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,KinglessPotato,Potatoes İs Good Man !!!!!
,Recommended,319630,18600747,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Missy,Amazing story.
76561198151083793,Recommended,319630,15894747,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jaghman,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198118800374,Recommended,319630,15895017,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Syr'ina Rhaegal,"I don't believe I've ever actually written a review before. All I have to say is, if you will only ever buy one episodic game series, buy Life Is Strange. I'm a major fan of telltale's TWD series, but Life is Strange's story is so complex and gorgeously done. The artstyle is awesome, and the story fairly unique in today's current gamestream. I just watched playthroughs of this series at first, but it's not the same. Buy the game and you'll see the amazing that is Life is Strange."
76561198069974479,Recommended,319630,15895951,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Captain_Battleaxe,"Honestly?  This is one of the greatest games I have ever played, now this is as of just finishing episode 3, but i highly doubt my opinion will change if i already love two thirds of the game.  Life is Strange is an every choice matters game played very well, similar to that of Heavy Rain, except I think the exicution here is a lot more crisp and controlled.  I would definitely recommend this game to any gamers, whether you like shooters or point and clicks, I truely think that this game, though not completely released being an episodic game, has crept its way into my top 5 favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,319630,14245214,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Aceman67,"This game had me floored. I haven't been this glued to a game since the original Mass Effect on the 360 when it was first released. I haven't been so engrossed in a story since I read Stephen King's 11/22/63. Absolutely phenomenal. If you like Telltale games, then this is right up your alley, because these guys are doing it better."
76561198037385293,Recommended,319630,15923255,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Aeon,"It's rare that I review games. Its also rare to come across games that evoke such a strong emotional response. Gone Home, Beyond Two Souls, and Life is Strange. If you know what I'm talking about you will love this experience. Please for the love of dog, developers, make more interactive emotional dramas. The world needs it."
,Recommended,319630,14267436,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Facsimilii,Hooooly♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just need to say that this game is amazing. I can't wait for episode two!!
,Recommended,319630,14341863,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,GFPJX,"This game..... I dont really know how but this game speaks to me the most. I remeber confronting teenage life(im 23). it was so hard, and the choices in this game really stick true to what i remember of school. when you would get in trouble you always had the option to throw your friends under the bus. Or deal with the guy whose to cool for school. This game is a must, if you like choices and a great AND I MEAN GREAT story, you have to pick up this game. I highly recommened it. I can not wait fro the other episods to be realesed and i am really looking forward to this story."
,Recommended,319630,15151317,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,babyhen,"A game in which your future is decided by the decisions you make. If you make a bad decision, you can rewind time! What could go wrong?Great game, story is great, beautiful art and music."
76561198070383080,Recommended,319630,15240002,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kuesu Jinguji,Its a game that gets you curious about what will happen next and just might get you to play through the entire game in a couple sittings.
,Recommended,319630,14812084,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mr.Rampage11410,"Well where do I start here........ it was great. I really loved the first episode of this game. The game mechanic was interesting to play around with and I must say I like it. It is mostly like most point and clickers so the gameplay most players will be used to. I can recommend the first episode if you are looking to just sit down for a good story, nice simple gameplay nothing too complex or over the top and just something to just relax and play, and at £3.99 its not an awful price for the first episode and if you liked it the season pass is there for you to continue the story and if not well you dont need to buy the rest of the game and spend even more money."
76561197960344143,Recommended,319630,33107249,Posted: 1 July,all,Sir Swagalot,"Jesus Christ! What a ♥♥♥♥ing great game! I didn't know what to expect and this game is just epic. Emotional rollercoaster all the way. There where minutes where I just sat infront of the PC saying ""Oh ♥♥♥♥, oh ♥♥♥♥, oh jesus, oh ♥♥♥♥,..."".For me one of the best games I ever played only behind Witcher 3 and maybe Zelda: Ocarina of Time."
,Recommended,319630,33109615,Posted: 1 July,all,swaggy,"Bought this during steam sale, (episodes 2-5) for 5.00 after playing episode 1. Great story, it had me hooked into playing more right away. Would definitely recommend buying/playing this."
76561198098137511,Recommended,319630,16852138,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,FordPrefect,Cannot over express my love of this game! The story keeps you wanting to play more and the choices/ consequences are almost all satisfying/ fulfilling.
,Recommended,319630,33024337,Posted: 29 June,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,319630,33076155,Posted: 1 July,all,9iner,"One of the best episodic games I encountered on steam. The story, characters, dialogues, graphics, everything lies in perfection. I will never regret buying it."
,Recommended,319630,32823148,Posted: 26 June,all,life is disaster,good
,Recommended,319630,33075708,Posted: 1 July,all,User2894,Cool!
,Recommended,319630,28690429,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ÖyesterRixed,whoa
76561198134880467,Recommended,319630,32744490,Posted: 24 June,all,XavierFlugel,"This was so amazing!I really recommend this to everyone! If you don't like these kind of genre's.... Just try it! Episode 1 is for free, feel free to explore this game! You can always but this game later! ;)For me, it was a really strange thing to buy a game like this. Normaly, I play a lot of games like Duke Nukem, Serious Sam and Dark Souls or Mario. But games like this, never though about it to try it out. And believe me, it was totaly worth it!There is so much going on in this game, but what makes it great? The storyline!  It was so sad, and also so enjoyable!This game really impressed me! The light effects are so nice! The art style... Well, ones you get used to it you will love it. And the dark areas did looked the best!But this is not about graphics! Because I really want to tell you more! One of the big things that impressed me was that this game have such a good story, that I even had to cry on some points!For me, this is really one of the best games I have ever played! I am looking forward for the ""Before the Storm"" release! ^^9.5 out of 10!16.5 hour of gameplay! (No speed running, just playing the game on the way we all should do! ;D).For me: The best game with the best storyline of all the other storyline of other games."
,Recommended,319630,15946539,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TheMightyPikachu,i got the complete season and cant play 3why?
,Recommended,319630,32391437,Posted: 13 June,all,catdiscducks,"my absolute favorite game of all time, can't wait for the sequel"
,Recommended,319630,33126211,Posted: 2 July,all,mattiejas,"A butterfly flapped its wings, and so ""Life is Strange"" entered my life!By total coincidence (basically, I misclicked), I watched a developer discussion of the game on youtube about this fascinating game, so I added it to my wishlist. By further coincidence, a few days later, the first episode became available for free on steam during the summer sale.I just finished the last episode yesterday, and oh boy, rarely have I had such satisfying and intense gaming experience. The game essentially consists of three different elements:- A strong emotional story about love, abuse, bullying, life, death, and art. Playing the game is much like reading a great story. But it is also a lot more.- Exploration. You have to take your time, walk around, and interact with everything you can interact with. The game is quite slow in this respect, but therefore no less intense. The slow pace helps absorbing all the impressions and emotions that you will be exposed to.- Solving puzzles. Usually, this comes down to using common sense. The time travel aspect makes for some really interesting puzzles. However, you have to remember things. Clues are given throughout the game, but sometimes you don't realize you're given a clue until much, much later in the game. I quite liked this aspect. I remember standing on a roof and knowing I saw a picture quite a long time ago that was relevant to make an extremely important decision. That feels very satisfying. Have eye for detail, and you will be rewarded!I'm certain that this game won't be for everyone. However, if you enjoy the above three things, then I guarantee you that this will be the best money you ever spend on a game!"
,Recommended,319630,18087901,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sir Buttbumski,"This game makes me question my own existence in reality.I mean that as a compliment.Starting at Episode 3, the end of each episode leaves me wandering around my house going ""What?"" for half an hour.Yes, this game and its story are that good.A definite 10/10 for all the moments of joy, fear, whats, tears and the overall mind blowing, deep, very much player choice affected story."
,Recommended,319630,29108844,Posted: 7 January,all,Jim Chaos,"Great story, so good I played it twice back to back. 10/10 would bang Chloe ( I have a thing for b*tches)."
,Recommended,319630,33118410,Posted: 2 July,all,bearmann,"With an amazingly grippping storyline and exciting and interesting game elements, where your choices hold a very significant weight, I abosulutely loved this game! Worth the buy if you are a lover of story games."
76561198325756197,Recommended,319630,33126279,Posted: 2 July,all,SalmaX33,"This game is just mind blowing, for anyone who likes story games and wants to get into it you have to have this honestly, the emotions and the characters are pretty much all intresting and well thought out, the puzzles are decent however what really stands out is the story, I strongly recommend it to players who love a good story."
76561198130298009,Recommended,319630,27098398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Earl Megget,Best Soundtrack ever!
,Recommended,319630,30170587,Posted: 25 February,all,Measie,A great game. And i really enjoyed soundtracks aswell. The only thing i didn't like was the ending choices.
,Recommended,319630,18671414,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"There are many summaries of Life is Strange out there, so I'll skip over that part.Well, it's a decent enough game for the most part. The story and characters - the selling point - aren't exactly mindblowing, and they (probably) won't offer you groundbreaking, intriguing life philosophy, but for what they're worth they're generally quite relatable and enjoyable. I myself loved - still love - Chloe in particular, for being a wonderfully rendered example of how troubled characters should be written. The art style is beautiful, albeit with technical oddities (lip syncing in earlier episodes comes to mind...), and the music is always heartwarming.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this game if not for the last episode (Polarized).Spoilers abound, and I won't conceal them even behind spoiler tags - plenty of discussions can be found online for that. Suffice to say that the ending more or less destroys what the game advertises itself as and worked towards - and this is after a marked drop in gameplay quality already found in Polarized. For what was quite a promising story, the letdown sours my opinion of the game considerably, perhaps more than it should.Do I still recommend it? If you like the concept and the setup, if you like Max and Chloe - sure, check it out. If nothing else, you'll get some funny and heartwarming moments out of it.If you're looking for a life-changing experience, if you're looking for insight into the nature of time travel and consequences, if you're looking for a game where your choices really matter - then don't bother."
76561198144833622,Recommended,319630,19013159,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Kitana,"This game is absolutely amazing. You will get attached to Max and Chloe, and the ending will emotionally crush your soul.Pros:-time travel-AMAZING story-YOU CAN KISS CHLOE-everything is just amazing 15967657456/10Cons:-the game needs to be longer because it's fabulous-you can't actually have Max and Chloe as your best friends, I'm sorry (I know we'd all love it)-DAMMIT MR. JEFFERSON I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS-JEFFERSON Y R U SUCH A BAD PERSON OMLOh and have I mentioned this game is amazing?"
,Recommended,319630,16198770,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Orgasm 4 Jesus,"I like stealth games, I like shooters, especially FPS games, I like games with a lot of action.  This game is slow paced, contains no action, no shooting, and no stealth.  So, you probably guessed, just from those sentences, what I thought about Life is Strange Ep 1.  This game is absolutely incredible.This game is not my style, I should hate this game,  but I fuc*ing love it!  This game is masterfully put together.  I wouldn't call this game fun, I would call it immersive, creative, and interesting.   The story is about a socially awkward time traveling teen with relationship problems.  This sonds stuipid and borig, hell, I have no idea why I even bought it in the first place, but I did, and thank god I did.  The characters are amazing, interesting, and very well crafted.  The story keeps you interested.  Once you start, you cannot stop.  I am going to buy the rest of the episodes ASAP.My favorite part of the game, by far, is that unlike every story driven game ever made, your choices ACTUALLY matter.  What you do is very sginficant.  The events of the game are determined by your choices.  The mechanic of the game is time travel.  Let's say you talk to your friend and you ♥♥♥♥ up and say something that ruins their day.  Fine, you can time travel back and fix it.  It is very cool.Square Enix completely outdid themselves with this one.  This is a game where they put a lot of time into the story, and it was time well spent.  This was a very un expected masterpiece, one that everyone should buy.  Even if this game sounds boring af to you, get it.  It sounded boring af to me, and I ended up loving it!"
,Recommended,319630,15895442,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Biron5k,"If you hella want to totes play a hella hardcore game with some wicked sick decisions that are hella intense, this game is for reals the game for you."
76561198080858133,Recommended,319630,16253644,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,So Much For Subtlety,"An interesting marriage between interactivity and story-driven gameplay. I've seen it done before but I'm not sure I've seen it done better.Is this anything like your highschool experience? Probably not, I think we all forgot to water our plants, who knows where we'd be today if we hadn't?"
,Recommended,319630,16154598,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,lil corny cob,This is a pretty simple game to play with a captivating story. The lines occasionally come across as cheesy and are definitely a modern styled jargon; something you have to have a particular taste for. The characters all have their own mannerisms and characteristics which makes the game play interesting and fun (be careful not to get too attached to the characters though). Life is Strange has an alluring atmosphere and is very difficult to put down!
,Recommended,319630,14247977,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Baron,"Life is Strange is one of the best games I have ever played, alongside Gone Home.After just finishing episode one, I'm eagerly waiting for more.The soundtrack is amazing and amplifies every single emotion, the storyline is rich, interactive and brilliant and the gamestyle is like Gone Home with Walking Dead decisions and a little bit of Sands of Time.On top of all this, the pop-culture references are remarkable, and I found so many characters relatable. (I loved that she said she'd watched Scott Pilgrim a million times, with me being a die-hard Radiomaru fan) as well as mentioning Akira, Final Fantasy and so on!Despite strongly disliking photography, I found the photo element clever, and I was eager to hunt down all the photo opportunities. On top of this, i normally dislike text yet I found myself reading every journal entry and so on.Roll on episode 2!"
,Recommended,319630,14301661,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Big Tim aka Large Timothy,This game gave me a terminal case of the feels. 5/5 would play again.
,Recommended,319630,14249397,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DJ D3falt,This game is in my opinion one of the best in this year. The story is worked out wonderfully and lovingly. I've played through it on a slip and I'looking forward to the second episode. The story is really awesome and very fascinating and it can easily keep up with the game beyond two souls. I'm from germany and I think that these 20 euros for the complete season were a very good investment. The game is recommended for people who likes profound stories and take time to enjoy this beautiful game.
76561197990809971,Recommended,319630,14268186,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Wardog,"Great music, characters and plot. I can't wait for the next episode."
76561198060072449,Recommended,319630,14571826,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Endless Abyss of the Void,"This game is great, especially if you're a fan of any of Telltale's titles like The Walking Dead game, The Wolf Among Us, or the Game of Thrones game. Strongly story-driven and super interesting. 15/10 would play like twelve more times."
76561198068283550,Recommended,319630,15035822,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,☭ Mutualist Sasha ☭,EMERGED
,Recommended,319630,15037602,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Coldmixo,"Didn't have the time to review this, all i can say now is This game is Amazing!!, the Story, the characters (some of them are dumb but that doesn't matter), the enviroment, how your actions change the world, i've played The Wolf Among Us and TWD season 1 and 2 (those are great too), but this is by far one of my favorites. The time traveling is more like ""do - fail - repeat"" and add a lot of interesting thing on the gameplay, sure it's not perfect but still is good enough to enjoy an evening after a lot of work in the office. I hope Dontnod and SquareEnix don't dissapoint us with Episode 3 - 5, so far so god with EP1 and 2 and i can't wait to see what happens next.9.5/10"
76561198021172694,Recommended,319630,14635047,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Latakotten,"amazingly beautiful, great story and a looot of feels.. If you love adventure's, feel god movies etc, PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,319630,14335407,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kaylee Frye,"WOW! i wasnt sure what to expect with this game. All I can say is, f^&ing awsome job!!! I very much love games that are actions have consequenses type games such as indigo proficey, heavy rain, and beyond: two souls. The voice acting was great, (not all, but the majority) the choice in music really set the tone for this game as well. It really set the right mood and feeling for the setting you are in at the time. This game really makes you think about the choices you make as every choice has consequenses, good or bad. i hope it has relationship choices as well. so far I havent seen anything on that. either way, this game is quickly becoming my favorite. it is a must buy for anyone that likes choice driven games. (be warned, this isnt a fast paced game by any means) Also, never has a game left me with such a cliff hanger ending that has left me wanting more. Not to mention, you can play this game over and over and over again and end up with different outcomes. very high replay value.Ok, since playing episode 2, this game continues to amaze and awww me. The developers really nailed it with this game! Everthing from the music selection, the characters, the writing and dialog, to the voice overs and overall feel of the game just draws you in like an acadamy award winning movie. You will fall in love and even want to cry with the characters, you'll feel what they feel, and you'll find yourself actually hating some of the characters while simpatizing with and needing to help other characters. The only thing i dont like, alyssas voice. (she sounds like she has a mouth full of cotton) and that i have to wait 2 MONTHS between episodes. I really hope the developers put relationship choices into the game and the romance develops with your choices to the characters you interact with. I NEVER write revews on anything, but this game seriosly deserves massive praise. I didnt even write a review on Mass Effect and that is my favorite game of all time. (untill now that is ;)  FANTASTIC JOB DONTNOD! pleeeease dont screw it up like bioware did by killing off shepard (meaning killing off max or chloe)"
,Recommended,319630,14676539,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ubojiti kim zvijezda,"Best game ever !Can't wait for part 2,3,4,5 :D"
,Recommended,319630,14829943,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Candie,I love this game ! I love it soo much and i like to role play with max a lot xD Walk around explore things! (I'm weird)I can't wait until next episode comes out! It remines me a lot like walking dead. Btw is this game by the same creators ofThe walking dead? Tell Tale Games?
,Recommended,319630,14763873,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Admiral_Potatoes.MV,"This a game not everyone will easily pick up and love right away. It is very calm and slow paced game as a typical adventure narative game. If you get into this game you will love how immersive the environment of the game , the story complelty heart warming, and the intriguing in a good way.Get this game if you love dramatic thriller with twisted story. :)Maximum Victory!!!!! xD"
,Recommended,319630,17909110,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Draconicrose,"TL; DR - If there ever was a need to prove that games can invoke powerful emotions, then Life is Strange is that proof.StoryThe story is about a teenager who discovers she has time travelling powers. Not much more can be said without spoiling it and this is a game that absolutely lives from its story more than its actual gameplay.Life is Strange deals with strong themes so discretion is advised.GraphicsThe characters look and behave in a believable way and I was never really pulled out of the story by wonky animations or strange expressions. The world looks normal yet fantastic which I think captures the essence of this game really well.GameplayYou walk around, interact with things, pick dialogue options and rewind time. There was only one mechanic where I felt like the gameplay wasn't well explained or obvious and that was the 'focus' ""minigame"". I cannot say more without spoilers.SoundEverything from the soundtrack to the voice acting is amazing in Life is Strange, which is fortunate because this game NEEDS to deliver the story. The voice actors did an amazing job in this one. The world sounds alive and people sound emotional.OtherWhen asked if games are art I definitely have no reservations in pointing out Life is Strange. This was an absolutely gripping story with more than enough ""game"" in it to keep me interested and feeling like I was in control of Max's fate.Score5/5 - Great"
,Recommended,319630,14279237,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sizmy,"This is an amazing game - though most will tell you the gameplay is lacking, this is the type of game that's supposed to have light gameplay. This is a story - set time aside to play it, take your time, and you will get maximum enjoyment..I'm not going to compare this game to another. This game is well made and beautiful in it's own right.This isn't a game about feminism.. there is no lesbianism displayed in the current playable game like everyone is making it sound like. There's nothing feminist about this game, just because it's a game with girl characters doesn't make it feminist, get a grip. This game is amazing and judging it on what gender is portrayed is down right stupid.If you are of a sensitive nature, like me. Theres a high chance of you crying at this game - like I did.I can't find any flaws with the game on the current release. The balance of story-telling and gameplay is done quite well.Others say that the rewinding time mechanic is flawed because you can go back and change your choices. In reality your gameplay is flawed, the problem isn't the mechanic, it's that people are programmed to think there's a right and wrong choice - there are no wrong choices. Think your decisions through and stick with them, you shouldn't have to use the ability this way - this is how I would recommend playing this.If you don't like games that you have to take your time with, and don't have the attention span to retain a story, this game isn't for you."
,Recommended,319630,14269180,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chantelle,I love the concept. Can't wait for the next episode.
76561198081032253,Recommended,319630,14343716,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,gxsmith,"Excellent, great game, really put's you there, highly recommend."
,Recommended,319630,14347170,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Zyoxx,"I love that companies other than Telltale are getting into these Episodic, story telling games. I think that it's a fantastic work of art and it's definitely worth playing."
76561198070508846,Recommended,319630,14282337,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sexy Jesus,"Obviously having only played the first episode so far I can't say what the final game is going to be like. However I can say that I would very much recommend this episode.Fantastic story, fantastic art style, fantastic voice acting, fanatastic soundtrack and genuinely engaging characters who you actually care for, even after such a short time. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys telltale style games (because let's be honest it basically is one) or a good indie film story."
76561198076129001,Recommended,319630,14237842,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chris1A,"This game is amazing I highly recomend this to anyone who playes games for there story, there is a plot twist at the end that made me go WTF in suspense."
,Recommended,319630,14896767,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The Hiketeia,"I feel that the aspirations of this game and realizations of those aspirations don't quite line up. This game strives to work like a Gone Home or Telltale title, but the engine is clunky and less intuitive. The premise for the story is interesting, and I do think there's enough of a foundation in the first episode that the game will prove interesting story wise. Overall, I recommend it, but I would advise players wait until a full package is offered at discount either this summer sale or next winter."
76561198068467095,Recommended,319630,19817508,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Fantastic game, it crushed my soul."
,Recommended,319630,14253812,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kier-Tor,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198061075959,Recommended,319630,16337998,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DeadKnight,"I honestly never write game reviews because I rarely have anything to say. However, I felt I had to say something about Life Is Strange. This game is way different from my typical games like Dragon Age and Metro: Last Light but I absolutely loved it. Its almost like a novel with numerous themes depending on how you interpret it while also having alot to say about growing up as well as life in general. People's personalities and hardships make everyone seem real in a sense and the game itself is truly beautiful. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone interested"
,Recommended,319630,27448630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AanFaasnuDovah,"I love this game, clear winner of the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Someyhing In My Eye"" award for me.The ending maybe is not perfect, but I like it.I absolutely reccomend it."
,Recommended,319630,19482277,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vallhalla,"It's.......... perfect.I really liked the setting of the game above everything else. Currently on Episode 2 but it is very good imo. How Max interacted with and observed other people felt so surreal, I think it's not that often that you see a well-made video game protagonists like Max, moreover in a slice-of-life interactive game.The scenes, the soundtracks, the dialogues are great. Even during the prologue, when you woke up near the lighthouse and saw that huge♥♥♥♥♥storm, it was breathtaking. The option to sit down, relax, and reflect on your actions and the reactions of other people towards your actions, along with a beautiful soundtrack, made me want to put my hand away from my keyboard, sit back, and relax.Edit : Finished it. Clocked around 15 hours till the end and I binged from Chapter 2 to 5 in one, 512 minute playthrough. The feels though. The feels.TL;DRTotally worth the money, and the time I spent downloading this with a 125 kb/s download speed? It was worth it. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18589509,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lazzerino,This was too good of a game to be left unplayed.I wish I could experience playing it for the first time again;and again;and again...
76561198120779084,Recommended,319630,18152011,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ace,"Life is Strange is a pheonomonal emotional adventure. The game is beauitful, and soothing. This is a game with a type of quality that you don't see everyday. By far, the best game i've gotten invested in, in a long long time. Play this game and fall in love with this world"
76561198079503289,Recommended,319630,19459690,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Not Emeriick,"I went in hoping for something that would scratch that telltale itch I've had for the last few months and I was left with one of the most beautiful experiences I've ever had in gaming. Beatiful is that only thing I can describe this game as by the time the credits of episode 5 started. It was a privilege to be able to play this game and It's the only time I can honestly say I wish I could experience it all over again for the first time.Buy it, trust me."
76561198243401300,Recommended,319630,29792141,Posted: 8 February,all,sØmêTîmës,"I love this too, but the DLC are so much money :'ccc i just one the 2nd only pls"
,Recommended,319630,14265080,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tuxy Fluffyclaws,"Very good narrative, at times it seems a bit disconjoined, but all in all it's a beautiful game with probably one of the better storries I've had, the time mechanic feels nice, it lets you explore multiple paths and see how the choices pan out, you still can't over-do it though so you can't see what that choice will do futher down the line will do, but you'll see the immediate effect, which seems right at the time, but later on you learn that even though it seemed like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag move at the time would have helped later.Definitley woth the money and looking forward to the next episode, until then I'll probably play through a couple of times more to see how the story pans out when I do the other choices.Dontnod: I'm happy you made this game, and I really like what you have done so far with this game.SquareEnix: We love to hate you, but thank you for not forcing Dontnod to make Max a male character."
,Recommended,319630,20001681,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mishka,"Such an amazing game, It's not perfect but it sure is amazing. Excellent story and really good choice of music. As a guy that never liked drama and emotional stuff, This game almost makes me cry XD.And that's why i rate this game 9.7/10"
,Recommended,319630,15085071,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Roxas,"One of the best games out there, shows you that life really is strange."
,Recommended,319630,16426982,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,napkin,Brilliant. What an experience.Please more games like Life Is Strange!
76561198051096918,Recommended,319630,18683783,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LotsOfLore,When I'll have time I'll make a proper review. For now this will suffice:A ... W ... E ... S ... O ... M ... E.That clear enough?!Play this game. Now.
,Recommended,319630,15099937,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,fladderdån,Amazing...A must buy!
,Recommended,319630,15140614,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Spock,Awesome game!Beautiful story and great soundtrack!I'm totally in love with it.AND no bugs!
,Recommended,319630,30668301,Posted: 22 March,all,Luidy,"Although there are a few people complaining about the small influence your decisions have to the ending, I really appreciate the way this game is structured. Especially the last 2 Episodes are so breath-taking and mind-blowing, which make this game so awesome.There is few games, which made me feel so sad and happy at the same like this game.For anyone who didn't play this game, I highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,319630,15915716,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Robin,"Incredible story telling, edge of the seat sort of game. Only struggle has been to wait for each new episode. Came for the fun, stayed for the feels.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,19772909,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Pizzer123,"Absolutely brilliant, slow to start but trust me stick with it."
76561198043152018,Recommended,319630,14346876,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kent the Butcher,"This is a great game.  Playing as Max, one feels simultaneously powerful and vulnerable.  You know that you can reverse time if you get caught snooping, but it still seems so exposed to be going through a person's things and wondering if they'll  come back and catch you at it.  Or what if you make the wrong choice?  It's almost as if giving Max this truly amazing power merely highlights the fragility of human life and, even if you can reverse your choices, how much can you do so?  I mean, how much can you really foresee the consequences of your actions?  Even with the ability to reverse time, you sort of run out of time and have to make a decision without fully understanding the possible consequences, and Max's power highlights that absolute limit of human control.  Sorry if this sounds pretentious, but I'm enthralled with this game, and care about its characters."
76561198077434372,Recommended,319630,14344687,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mindshadow,"After playing episode 1 of this, I can definitely say this game was made with a lot of love from its developers. The world of Arcadia Bay is very well realized, the characters are believable and the mechanic of Max's powers is intertwined with the game in a way that feels natural once you get the hang of it.It's like someone noticed the practice of ""save-scumming"", ie, reloading a save in a game whenever you get an adverse outcome from doing something, and said, ""hey, let's make that the character's *actual power*"". On a meta level, it's pretty amusing, and it provides for a well balanced power - while Max can fix obvious mistakes, the limit on how far back she can go to change time means she can't always foresee the larger complications of her choices.The main character herself is adorkable and thoroughly believable as a protagonist. She does second-guess every single major decision no matter what she chooses, but when you have the power to retry something as many times as you want trying to get it ""right"", wouldn't you?Cons:* It took me an embarassingly long time to figure out the 'click and drag' action mechanic. Maybe I just needed more coffee?* The game goes way too far with having a literal popup saying ""THIS ACTION WILL HAVE CONSEQUENCES!!!"" at major decision points. If I carelessly leave evidence while searching someone's secret files, or rat out the school's richest kid to the authorities, I shouldn't need the game to tell me that this may come back to haunt me. It's a good thing to have a game where your choices impact the story in meaningful ways, but ""show me, don't tell me"" applies. An option to turn this off would greatly improve the game.* The lip synch of the character models can be a little jarring if you pay too much attention to it. Which isn't helped by me pointing it out. But there it is."
76561198151698880,Recommended,319630,15034126,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ITellMyselfSecrets,"I really do enjoy the concept of this game, making choices and watching the outcome.. The only problem is, the episodes are pretty short. With how long we all wait for the next one, I can complete an episode in just a few hours. PLEASE MAKE THEM LONGER! This game doesnt seem to be too long if the episodes are so short!"
76561198092273263,Recommended,319630,14704883,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Not Putin up with you,Never has a game affected me more than this one.Whether thats a good thing or bad thing I cannot say. But it is a game that you must play. I would go as far to say it is purely brilliant.
76561197966230331,Recommended,319630,15704735,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tazzmaniac,"Hi there GuysI was skeptical.I really had the feeling, it would just be some 'Telltale-Clone', that I didn't want to play.The it hit me, Tumblr showed me pictures of the graphics, and I was hooked.I mean. REALLY! I wanted to play it and enjoy the graphics.I had heard zhat there was some case of hard♥♥♥♥♥♥going on at the end of that one episode, but i didn't think i would care. I usually don't.I Played the first episode blind and happy, and then somehow i was stuck with this game.I couldn't stop to explore all this things.And I wanted to play it more but the third Episode is still not out....... AAAAAAH!Buy this Game and enjoy the sweet pain of playing a game with wonderful Graphics and a deep story full of surprises.Don't buy it if you don't want to get triggered."
76561198008866004,Recommended,319630,19172231,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,AF~Luthanor,"I wasnt sure if i should buy this game, thinking i wouldnt get too much play time out of it, BUT the time i spent playing this game - WOW - the story starts off a bit slow and goes at a pace where you arent overwhelmed by the speed of the story and the plot twists. They are spaced out enough to break your heart when it has started to heal again.It feels like the choices you make really do matter, and i honestly think they do to a degree - but there are a few where it is part of a story you have to follow and makes it seem like you have a choice in it, mainly because they story would miss alot and make the end a simpler decision i think.Also, regarding the end, ive seen alot of people unhappy with it, but to be honest i enjoyed it in a sadistic way, i cant imagine how hard it would be to make a satisfying end to a story like this.In short  - enjoy it for what it is, be ready to love and hate, cry a little. Might be replay value for some, then ending kind of makes that a little irrelevant in some ways, and i dont think there is a huge variation in the storyline regarding to how your choices can change it. But i loved it!8.5/10  a game i will never forget for the things i loved about it and wish were different <3"
,Recommended,319630,14379271,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,qianqin11,"I'm easily immerged into the game. It has been really fun being dragged into the life of a shy teenager and be faced with all these big and little decisions of her life.The graphics is awsome. It combines real-life scenes with a touch of paintbrush, adding a bit of surreality to reality, much like the art of photography which the game features on. Some songs in the game are cool, too. These things together create a lively atmosphere that makes me constantly wanting to open the game, even after I've finished it.There isn't much to say about the gameplay yet. The time rewinding ability has a lot of potential, but the puzzles are so far not worth noting. But it's not Braid, and it has barely begun. Right now I'm just happy wandering around exploring the awsome Blackwell Academy!EDIT AFTER FINISHING: What a game! There are so many memorable moments in my playthrough. A heartbreaking story so well told."
,Recommended,319630,19399904,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Beashy,cried at the end10/10
,Recommended,319630,18127346,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sokusae,"great plot twist, hella intertainig and I was hooked from the beginnig."
,Recommended,319630,24359812,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Libbigail [FG],Definitely one of the best games I've played in a really long time. 10/10
76561198017887631,Recommended,319630,25290896,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BlackWall,A good interactive movie with very similar story to movie The Butterfly Effect.
76561197993702404,Recommended,319630,15116760,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tanchu,I'm usually not really into these kinds of games but I must say that this grabbed my full attention from start to finish.  I couldn't put it down!  Works perfect with a game controller.  Played both Episode 1 and Episode 2.
,Recommended,319630,20017334,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sixty Space,"Let's do the old Pros and Cons.Now i've ""only"" played 5.6 hours and gotten through 2 episodes, so i might update this review as i get further.Pros:The story, oh ♥♥♥♥ the story. It's amazing and captivating. Youbecomethe protagonist when playing.The choices you make actually matter. They change the whole story, which makes for a really unique playthrough.It's episodic. Normally i'm against this. But it just works so well, and fits very well with the type of game this is.Cons(These aren't too major)The graphics. When everything is set to highest, i would only rate it somewhere between alright and good. You don't have the option to make it amazing.The character models are very static. The hair for example, isn't dynamic, and it's pretty obvious when the characters lie down.The lip syncronization. When the characters talk, their lips don't match up very well with the actual speech coming out of their mouthes.I would very much recommend this, and i'm normally not one to get into emmersive stories like this.Edit 12/30/15: Added a con"
,Recommended,319630,19765593,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,warheat1990™,Life Is Strange and Shadow of the Colossus are the only games I rated 10/10.
76561198101191525,Recommended,319630,16843530,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Razor[4thIB],Brilliant game experience that draws you into it's world. Reccommended for all who enjoy story and decision driven game experiences
76561198038630823,Recommended,319630,16589968,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Teddy,"The game is great. The graphics are wonderful, and the story is just brilliant, it had me sitting at the edge of my seat, wanting to know what is next, even kept me up late so I could finish playing it. Can't wait for the other episodes!"
,Recommended,319630,18625693,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DevilLiviuS,"After playing all 5 episodes, I can definitely say this is one of the best games this year. Maybe even the game of the year, in some areas.Pro:- Great story- Puzzles don't take much of your time- Characters really make you care for them- Voice acting could've been better, but it's still good (better than other games anyway)- ""WTF"" moments- Music really fits in all the scenesCons:- Lots of rewinding till you're satisfied with the outcome- You may not like the outcome later in the game (replayability much?)- Lipsync (was mostly fixed with the ep5 patch)Conclusion: Even the cons are not really cons. so if you didn't buy this game already, what are you waiting for? 20$ are a small price to pay for this masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,14245891,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KING DADDY,This game is amazeballs. The music is on point. One of the best games I have played in a long time. It really takes you on an emotional rollercoaster. Awesome Game can't wait for next ep!
,Recommended,319630,15072176,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,mijoell,"This is one of the Best Games I ever played so far. You cant compare it to something else, cause the Game really devolped on your choices. It a real impressing and stunning game, which will grab you and dont let you go ^^"
,Recommended,319630,30474214,Posted: 12 March,all,Spongeblob,life is strange = amazing
76561198305280838,Recommended,319630,32775988,Posted: 25 June,all,Pickle Rickkkkkk,10/10.
,Recommended,319630,27071637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪NightMare™,Play it till Episode 5Honestly I cried
,Recommended,319630,24945576,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Igor Alves,Só compra isso :'( 10/10 would cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,319630,29026132,Posted: 4 January,all,Gabe Logan Newell  Official,"Spilled frank's drink over and over again , insulted victoria and nathan over and over again . Intense plot twists , perfect story line , amazing soundtracks , great interfaces , nice endings . non would rate under 10/10 ."
,Recommended,319630,32950188,Posted: 28 June,all,MrCornflks,"this game was alright. nothing new storytelling wise, most characters were flat and dumb stereotypes. nothing mindblowing. this is a game where ""choices matter"" but spoiler alert: they don't. overrated and overhyped. only recommended when on sale, was worth the 5$"
,Recommended,319630,16361699,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Princess Fluffybutt,"This game is fantastic, gorgeous and makes you feel like you have to slap Victoria right in the face. Watering a plant will have consequenses (still waiting what's gonna happen). But seriously this game is just amazing, you start it and after an hour you're just sitting there thinking: Man, I can't wait 'til the next one comes out. The game will definiately make you cry several times. I recommend it to everyone who likes these types of games!"
,Recommended,319630,33184781,Posted: 3 July,all,Sjaakrockstar,Did a straight on playthrough because the story caught me. I rarely play these type of story driven games but if you just want to have a sit and play a movie and love a fantasy story this is your game. You'd love it like I do.
76561198084192792,Recommended,319630,33136299,Posted: 2 July,all,alvarotuso,"Emotional, immersive, intense. Just play it."
,Recommended,319630,33134311,Posted: 2 July,all,Lifo,Best of its kind!
76561197975748907,Recommended,319630,18781555,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Looshkin,What level of hell did DONTNOD find this game?10/10 you utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s... I need to go cry.
,Recommended,319630,33177154,Posted: 3 July,all,scarletite,"If I could rewind time, I wouldn't take back the hours I spent in this game. I'd play it all over again. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,27373046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KAKAIBABE,Life is Strange and life is beautiful. I have a huge crush on Max.
76561198256022331,Recommended,319630,33173151,Posted: 3 July,all,Hern De Dern,so good i died like 5 times
76561198138485828,Recommended,319630,33175803,Posted: 3 July,all,StarrLiite,"A simple girl, who's young and curious and creative.Someone you can perhaps relate to in one way or more.And if you can't, then maybe you are 'a Chloe' or 'a Kate'..The game has lots of free will, curious searching and choices that tingle your response.The graphics, music and basically entire nature and atmosphere are very appealing.This game can be felt for gamers who want a natural pace and something unique and interesting.It is a story, and best of all - you help to unravel it in your own way."
76561198072654351,Recommended,319630,33172516,Posted: 3 July,all,Spids,"Started this game off not really expecting much and left it feeling absolutely emotionally devastated yet joyful. I haven't played or experienced something this beautiful in quite a while. The superb writing, characters, and story will enthrall you as you get to know Max, Chloe and many more intricate and complex characters.This game had me tearing up by the end and it's an unforgettable experience.10/10 would mess with time and alternate dimensions all over again."
,Recommended,319630,26930712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tirith™,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,319630,26921750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duncan,A must have for any gamer
,Recommended,319630,33052339,Posted: 30 June,all,Simply complicated.,"Nope, totally didn't cry like a little kid. Not at all.(This is a great game and you should probably play it, whoever you are.)"
,Recommended,319630,33165685,Posted: 2 July,all,Rafly,Lovely Games 10/10
76561198052835647,Recommended,319630,18628739,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Shadzy,"Just, bravo.If you enjoy choice based, narrative driven games, buy it.You will not regret it."
,Recommended,319630,18599191,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Turn Wolf,"A refreshingly beautiful game with alot of heart. One of the finest examples of game storytelling, cinematography and visuals. A memorable unique setting and characters with lively personalities help to consume you in this amazing story and world while the time mechanics make it a joy to interact with.It'll break your heart more than once but for me, it is easily a gem and Game of the Year."
,Recommended,319630,18905144,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LittleBoss,"Without a doubt, one of the best games I have ever played. Highly recommend."
76561198027159967,Recommended,319630,18697903,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nighthawks25,It looks like I have been waiting for a game like this since the Heavy Rain :d
,Recommended,319630,19293049,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pinky,"Finished a while ago and i'm still confused if i made the right choice in the end.Will never get over that ending, either of them."
,Recommended,319630,19273462,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sir_Lagsalot,When I saw this game back in the summer on the steam store I figured why not buy it. It looks interesting enough. I didnt get a chance to play it until the fall and I wish that I had played it sooner. I don't really get many new releases but I have to say Life Is Strange is the best 2015 release that I played this year.10/10
76561198044850356,Recommended,319630,19255412,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jantje,"Loved this game, very pretty. The story was awesome and I may or may not have shed a tear at the end.."
,Recommended,319630,14476283,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Squiddy,"10/10 This game is simply amazing. It has an amazing story and keeps your intigued throughout the entire playthrough. I don't have a lot of time into the game at the momemnt, but I am sure that I will finish it by tomorrow. The art style is simply wonderful, it has beautiful designs as well as good voice acting. You play as a girl named Max and you get to affect the world around you with your personal decissions that you can change. It is very much worth the price, at $5 this game is a steal."
,Recommended,319630,18796472,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Locksion,GR8 M8 8/8 GOTY
,Recommended,319630,14358436,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,UnicornsRcool,THIS GAME IS AMASING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love it
76561198268296850,Recommended,319630,30540785,Posted: 16 March,all,MaxCaulfield,"Best story I have ever experienced in video game. The overall display may not perfect, but this kind of style cannot fit this plot even better. In the future, when I have my own children, I'll tell them that your Dad cried like a little girl when playing this game.  There are too many details in this game that I feel like I had really experienced all of this as I finished this game,. It becomes part of my real memory. When I listening the soundtrack, I will automatically recall all those stories as if those are my own life story.(Bob Xia)"
,Recommended,319630,19229336,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Clovis,"an absolute rollercoaster of emotions. After episode 3 booze is needed if you have a heart. I'd recommend buying on sale, but even if purchased for full price it's easily worth it. Great story, Main chars are great, and one hell of a twist. It will keep you on your seats edge and the tone is really set around episode 4. Maybe even 3 if you're not drunk.The game will knock you off your feet, trust me."
,Recommended,319630,18634910,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,mr.ozio,"I love you, Max."
,Recommended,319630,14312027,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,WordCrimes,Loved the game so far. Can't wait for EP.2 that should be released in March.
,Recommended,319630,24820285,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,#dantheman42,"This is probably the best game I have ever played, I hate that I completed the game, I wish I could just replay it all for the first time again and experience it all over again. I will always recomend this game to everyone I know, and will ever meet."
,Recommended,319630,24822574,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,felys,those were my beans MaxTHOSE WERE MY ♥♥♥♥ING BEANS
76561198006773669,Recommended,319630,24851894,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gyasa Amano,"♥♥♥♥, right in the feels"
,Recommended,319630,17936731,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,obsesssion,"Absouletly fantastic game!!  Very interactive and amazing storyline!  I would recommend if you love games like this to get it, well worth the money! :)"
,Recommended,319630,19600978,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,『LiL boAt』,almost as touching as naruto ep 110/10 would play for the first time again
76561198136715509,Recommended,319630,24501158,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,✪ J0NTJ0NT,amazing
,Recommended,319630,24628388,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,louis v,made me feel very sad
,Recommended,319630,24653919,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Total,You could say it was- worth my time.
76561198052178797,Recommended,319630,18628763,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,vimbert,"Is Life is Strange a flawed game? Yes. It contains plenty of cliche characters, and the dialogue is at first a bit, eh... groan-inducing. However, as the game progresses, it reveals more and more of its genuine heart and belief in its characters and manages to surpass its hokey roots. Your choices feel like they matter and make a difference (mostly, there's some time travel trickery used so that some of them just don't), and there are some great moments of cleverness from the game's central time travel mechanic. This game is not afraid to give you what seems like the obvious ""good"" choice and then show you that surprise! That choice just screwed you over! While it's a somewhat shallow level of depth, it's still a good bit better than most video games use the mechanic of choice.While much has been said about the endings (and make no mistake both are a bit disappointing), I'll avoid spoilers and simply say that the central point around which the endings revolve is set up as a through line for the entire game. The triggering dilemma for the player's final choice feels narratively justified. ARE YOU TAKING NOTES, BIOWARE? (Still salty about Mass Effect 3.)Overall, this game won't change your life, but it's enjoyable and worth checking out."
76561198194392446,Recommended,319630,24665663,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[RO] Ru$$ianRoulette,I liked it.
,Recommended,319630,24603358,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,NReale3370,"If you're a fan of Telltale's games, you're almost certainly going to have a good time here.  Gameplay is best described as ""Telltale in a high school with a rewind"".  Almost the entire game is listening to conversations, making choices, and occasionally using the game's time travel mechanic to use new conversation options, solve very light puzzles, or get through a couple of stealthish/actionish sequences (I say ish because when you rewind time your character doesn't move, so as soon as someone catches you you can hit rewind and just watch them go back the way they came and move a few more steps, VERY easy!).Storywise the game is a combination of a teen drama, ""town with secrets"", and Butterfly Effect-style discussions on Time Travel, destiny, and the perils of changing fate.  The story felt a bit deritive at times but was very enjoyable.  The first couple episodes start very slow but I was on the edge of my seat by the end.  Characters are given depth and complexity, and the emotional impact of the things that happen to them, as well as their destinies that are left in your hands, really carried an emotional impact for me.One area Dontnod really outdid Telltale is how dramatically the game's plot can be influenced by the choices you make.  Some choices only have small consequences but others dramatically change how the characters relate to each other.  The rewind mechanic lets you make choices almost without thinking, then going back and making the other choice to see what you like better.  Obviously the developers intended this, as sometimes the ""real"" consequences of a choice don't become apparent until later, and often in ways you wouldn't expect!  Like with Telltale, each episode ends by showing what choices friends and the world made which is always fun.  I even saw many choices I didn't realize were in the episode.  They also added a VERY convenient feature where you can star from almost any checkpoint in a separate save file, ""forking"" your game.  Very nice for experimenting.I played the whole game from start to finish in Linux, and the performance and experience was smooth as butter, another excellent port by Feral.  The only problem I had was I had to set my sound to stereo in Pulseaudio, start the game, then switch back to 4.1 surround or conversations would very quiet like they were happening in the background.  I also disabled chromatic aberration in the game's config file because I really, really don't like it.In short:  If you like Telltale games you'll like this.  If you like young adult drama mixed with a good mystery and interactive fiction you'll like this. Be warned though, it will give you feels!"
76561198067078788,Recommended,319630,24627389,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zun0,Life is Strange is ♥♥♥♥ing lit. I don't think I've ever welled up that many times in a game. The last time my tear ducts got worked was during The Last of Us... ♥♥♥♥. 10/10 will replay again.
,Recommended,319630,24627499,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rize,Astounding. One of the best emotional rides I've been on.
76561198030906580,Recommended,319630,24628286,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,paulausinnz,First time I've played a game of this genre and was addicted.  Will be playing again for my alternate realities.
76561198061926944,Recommended,319630,24626735,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,vinny89,"I normally don't buy those sort of game but.... Damm, that was good. I'm speechless. What a great game !!! 10/10"
76561198068140520,Recommended,319630,24624749,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JoXarN,Probably the best singleplayer game i've ever played. The soundtrack is amazing and i love the artstyle!
76561198314913000,Recommended,319630,24625389,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shaz Gob,"This game made me have an existensial chrisis. The story is so compelling and engaging, every little action has a reaction. My favorite parts were the breif moments where you're just sitting, reflecting, and just letting life happen. It's such a surreal feeling to feel like you're just experiencing a moment of the character's life. Those mellow moments need to be used in other games, so emotionally engaging. The soundtrack is amazing, it really sets the tone instead of just being inserted into the background. It has so many small meaningful moments that makes you think about a lot more than the context of the video game, and it delivers a great message.cons:- it took me awhile to like the main character. She was awkward, not in a cute quirky way but that a lot of her dialogue really made me cringe.- very dated dialogue, even for the time of this game's release. I swear I could make a drinking game every time someone says ""hella"" ""beyatch"" or ""selfie"".- I think a lot of the secondary characters could have had a lot more character development. After interacting with them several times and rewinding to use different dialogue options I still didn't learn much about any of the characters, I think it would have made a more emotional impact if they had stronger personalities.overall though this just became one of my favorite games and I might start a second playthrough tonight."
76561198019604384,Recommended,319630,24624323,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FlankMasterFlex,This story is fantastic and would recomend it to anyone. The music and look of the game are also very beautiful at times. WARNING: DON'T look at the artwork tab for this game until you complete the whole 5 chapters; there are spoilers.
76561198057626384,Recommended,319630,18273350,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Black!,Best $20 I spent in a long time. It's like paying and getting to see five compelling thought provoking moives for the price of one.
76561197969327505,Recommended,319630,24617988,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,jetstream01,"I'll keep this short and simple: Life is Strange has the most immersive story of any game I've played.  By the end of the series, you'll be so emotionally invested that you'll feel a strange emptiness when it's over.I played Episode 1 for free and ended up buying the whole series for $15.  I've never gotten a better story experience out of a game that cheap.The only gripe I have is the graphics could be MUCH better for a game that came out this recently, but it really doesn't take away from the game...much.Stop reading reviews and buy it now!"
,Recommended,319630,24617845,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Embers,A masterpiece if you're looking for a well-executed story around time travel and girl on girl love.
,Recommended,319630,24645933,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Fidget Skinner Dickripper,"I was referred to this game by a friend of mine and I didn't even look at the trailer or screenshots. I had absolutely no idea what to expect.The INSTANT I finished the first episode, I wanted to play the entire season.This is one of those games that you really need to have. The story is unbelievably well written, with characters that are superbly developed. Speaking of characters, the jaw-dropping performances of the voice actors will pull you right into the world of Arcadia Bay.The soundtrack is outstanding! It creates tension when necessary and is vital to the immersive world. I had songs from The Who's Quadrophenia playing in my head at certain points.""Here by the sea and sand, nothing ever goes as planned...""About the choices: THEY HAVE CONSEQUENCES! Just trust me on this one. Your choices will change the path of the game, and it's entirely possible to go back and do something differently in the game when you're 3/4 of the way through because you feel nervous or guilty over a previous decision made in the beginning.Also, just by being 18 at the time of playing it for the first time, it really made the experience feel more authentic to me. You will have a memorable experience even if you're not that age. It does make some of the jokes flow a little smoother.There are some things that detract from the experience. When combined with the outstanding performances by the voice actors, the lip-syncing just feels off in certain parts. Even though I don't have any major issues with the logic of the game, it's unfortunate that some players feel that it doesn't make sense.The best advice that I can give is that you should ABSOLUTELY play the first episode. I would also say that the more you put into the game, the more you will get out of it. I know that it's strange to say that about this kind of game, but if you open your mind and use your imagination to put yourself in the footsteps of Max, you will experience a masterpiece of the game. The issues that are in the game do not destroy the experience.(A little note about the ending: I've seen some reviews that say that the ending is a huge disappointment. Specifically, I've seen reviews that essentially beg for something that isn't given to them. This is where an open mind really counts. The developers emphasize that your own choice is the ""right"" choice. That goes for EVERY decision in the game. Do what YOU want to do.)"
,Recommended,319630,17806263,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Marik Dondarrion,Great game to play if you feel just a bit too happy.
,Recommended,319630,17381063,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,I Am The Bat,Beautiful. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,24726850,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cooldead,"Play the first episode, Its free. The story is engrossing. This game is an improvement on the teltale formula in everyway. Just give it  a shot. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,319630,14283342,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Meo,"The ""Life is Strange"" game is just like another version of ""Heavy Rain"" on PS3 but it carry more meaning about life and choices. I would say that this game can deliver different meaning for each individual players ranging from social injustice to personal development. After each chapter, the game left you the real feeling of how naive and teenager of your self would have act even if the players are adult or old wo/men. In the end, whatever the choices you have made will nail down to the question about yourself, either you want to escape the teenage life or move on to face the real world. On philosophical stand, it is whether you persistently keep your moral belief and accept the loss or bail out with some justification for your decision. Everything ever happened is just a nice sweet dream just like the moment you shoot the blue butterfly, naive and lively. I would recommend this game to everyone 18+ to have a moment of thinking about your inner self, choose what best you can live with in life."
,Recommended,319630,24535576,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,HOW,An epic story-telling game and an almost perfect masterpiece that overwhelmingly exceeded my expectations.
76561198104597168,Recommended,319630,24535671,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lily~Senpai,Amazing game but her hair doesn't move and act real it kicks in my ocd
76561198059750246,Recommended,319630,24535758,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Infearmal,"I got cancer while puking and crying like a little 𝕓𝕚𝕥𝕔𝕙 at the end. The game sould be renamed : ""Life is a 𝕤𝕝𝕦𝕥. A huge one"".666/10 wouldkill Chloeagain."
,Recommended,319630,24535781,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,`Dear maN`,=kek
76561198020361304,Recommended,319630,24535932,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SinusPi,"* A spoiler-free review, followed by spoilerful analysis. *A masterful execution of a slightly overshot plot.Although advertised as a mystery adventure revolving around a missing girl, with photography and time travel added in - this game is quite a heavy drama, enough for it to deserve a mention in the first words of this review. Themes range from poverty, drug abuse, bullying and domestic violence only to ramp up to suicide and murder, with terminal illnesses and psychiatric issues sprinkled in for flavor. With the game's excellent voice acting, decent motion capture and mostly well written dialogue, these subjects may resonate all too well with some players. The authors even went as far as to include a bunch of helpline numbers, ""just in case"", and that's saying a lot.Heavy subjects aren't the only thing one might want to be warned about. The game's plot revolves heavily around photography, and - just as cooking shows will invariably make you hungry - if you have at least a tiny bit of a photographer in you, this game will make you crave a new lens, go a photo field trip, take a few walks at the ""golden hour"", or start obsessively looking at everyday objects in hopes of framing them in some interesting context.Warnings aside, this game is an atmospheric marvel. A small seaside American town and boarding school is captured in an absolutely gorgeous manner. No location is bland, there are contextual odds and ends sprinkled everywhere - from mildew on ceilings and post-it notes on random household objects, through garbage lying about and random everyday items scattered every which where, to scratches, cracks, dirt, scuff marks and traces of DIY repairs. Apparently, not to make the mistake of creating a game about a subject without consulting an expert, some photography professionals were brought on board - as every screenshot begs to be captured on grainy, analog film and displayed in a gallery. Really, visually, this game is a work of art - it's not entirely photorealistic, mind you, there's a distinct hand-painted quality to it, but it does the job perfectly, together with contrasting lighting and clever camera angles. To top it all off, anyone who's ever done a bit of photography will quickly notice the game's graphics engine adds a chromatic aberration to the third-person camera, which has an unusually wide angle for a TPP game, but it perfectly enhances the visual experience. Some recent games have abused this effect, most notably Bloodborne or Alien: Isolation, for reasons unknown - Life is Strange, in turn, uses it well to enhance the photography focus (sorry, pun necessary) of the game. My only gripe is that characters' models themselves are slightly dated by today's standards, and - for example - could use animated strands of hair instead of modeled blobs, but I'm not sure it would even work with the hand-crafted style.What makes the plastic-haired characters come to life, however, are their voiceovers, and these are simply perfect, both in casting and delivery. Nerds speak in either excited or calmly analytic speech patterns, jocks have a slightly simple vocabulary but make up for it with bravado, teachers have their ""teachy"" voices on, parents are caring, shady characters you immediately don't want to have anything to do with by the way they sound... It all seems obvious, but many games either overdo it and voices end up apt but cartoonish, or botch it and scrawny shopkeepers sound like fat thugs and vice versa (The Witcher 3, looking at you). Oh, and the voice acting itself! All the lines are delivered without a hitch, without a single breath taken in the wrong moment, without any ""reading from the prompter""; instead, they're all acted correctly for the situation, they're whispered, shouted, growled, sobbed, cried, trembled and gasped. Even the heroine's voice when narrating ""examined objects"" changes from scene to scene, depending on her mood at the moment. Together with how most of the dialogue seems specifically motion-captured, with facial expressions, gestures, walking about and interacting, the conversations are simply real, almost unlike any other title I've played, well, maybe with Telltale games coming close.Speaking of characters - they're characters. They're not default stick figures with stock heads on top. Some may seem a bit cardboard, but hey, not everyone is a secret genius with a mind-blowing agenda - some of us are just laid-back skateboarding stoners. But even the least interesting individuals have their mannerisms, quirks, a cohesive dress style, a dorm room matching their personas (or not!), enough to feel alive and not just brought out of a characters library and placed at certain coordinates. And you'll never really know who is or isn't a flat stereotype, as the game does a great job at screwing with your assumptions.This brings us to the plot. The heroine's newly discovered superpower, enabling her to rewind a few minutes of time, results in either being able (or forced) to replay certain scenes over and over again, trying not to make any mistake - and the game's quite creative about how much you can screw up. What could have been the worst bag of plot holes is cleverly turned into a plot device.What seems lacking, though, is a more tangible explanation for how strong Max's attachment to her old childhood friend is - despite being best friends when they were 13, they fell out of touch for a whole five years and are now young adults with not a lot in common, having grown up in completely different directions, and yet suddenly there's absolutely nothing Maxine wouldn't do for her friend. One would think they'd need at least a bit more time to reacquaint themselves with each other, more than the mere one day they get, before going into ""together forever"" mode.One obvious catch when playing with rewinding time is how much it could possibly affect the world as we know it - the well known ""butterfly effect"". (Watch out, this is just slightly spoilerish.) The plot makes a big point of the fact that small actions may have disastrous consequences - but instead of being clever about it, and showing a nice, logical, action-and-reaction explanation of why playing with time might not be a great idea, the game invents an artificial problem that stems from a vague ""unexplained scientific mystery"", which the protagonist only assumes to be a side effect of her powers.However, what puts a serious dent in the game's plot (and here come HUGE SPOILERS!) is the final decision and its meaning. The game's two endings are so disproportionate, and the ""sacrifice"" option is so heavily hinted at, that it's obviously the ""right"" choice: Chloe has to be sacrificed and there's no other way, unless we're fine with a bodycount going into hundreds. However, this is where I say ""wait a minute"". If the tornado is indeed a side-effect of Max's messing with the timeline, then she ""sacrifices"" Chloe to save everyone from… herself! From her meddling, from her sticking her nose into everyone's business like she's a superhero or something. The shadowy figures from Max's nightmares were right, then - in the end she did more harm than good. The moment she decides to stay passive, everything just ends up working itself out without any more deaths or drama. Thus, if you ever find yourself having superpowers, or any real-world equivalent thereof, the right choice is not to use them. The world will be better off without your heroism. You'll only make things worse. You'll only cause more hurt. Go sit in the dark corner of a decrepit toilet and cry, that's where you belonged all along. Well, that's a nice message, DONTͶOD, thanks a bunch, good thing you included those depression helpline numbers, they'll surely come in handy now."
76561198117109223,Recommended,319630,28237169,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,LOL08,the best game that ever gamed
76561198082157910,Recommended,319630,30108212,Posted: 22 February,all,WWIE92,Just wow.
,Recommended,319630,18315493,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,box,hella good
76561198026570871,Recommended,319630,18903821,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The Elusive One,"Let me start by saying that this is not just a game. This is a roller coaster ride through hell. With that being said, this is the most incredible roller coaster I have ever ridden. I never cried so hard in my life, not even at my family funerals. That sounds like a terrible thing to say, but it's not because of specific in-game events. It's because of the things it made me realize about my life and the awful person I was becoming. It's about what I had and what I didn't have, how my life has changed, and who I keep around me. Sometimes people experience something in their life that completely changes them. Well, this was my wakeup call. I thought about how I was going to replay this game after finishing episode 3 after learning what happens, and by episode 5 I was thinking about how the heck I was going to change my life around.Seriously, please be careful when playing this. I really don't think anybody under 18 should do so because it's a lot to handle. Honestly I'm going to be using the support group offered by the developers on their website, it was almost too much. If you do buy this game, good luck. I hope it affects you as much as it did me."
76561197968855980,Recommended,319630,14328728,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Zombie3k,If there's a bad episodic game out there I haven't played it. This is a bit of a slow burner but is very much a Donnie Darko the video game. Play it.
76561198101176280,Recommended,319630,14801218,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Rhiannon,"I loved the first episode and bought the entire season because I only expect it will get better from here on out. Of course, many people have mentioned the stereotypical shy girl and the high-school drama in the game.....but I think that Life is Strange built on those stereotypes to create something even better in some aspects than Telltale Games. Of course, Telltale is still the story based game King but if the second episode is even better than the first my opinions may change.Life is Strange has a beautiful soundtrack and the potential for an amazing story line. I've been counting down the days and weeks for episode two. I can't wait!"
,Recommended,319630,18602424,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GrammarBunchie,i'm dead inside. 10/10 would die again
76561198030850208,Recommended,319630,18684333,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jkerkhoff,"I just finished episode 5 and overall I did enjoy this game.  The story was interesting and wanted to keep playing to find out what would happen next.  I do have to say that episode 5 felt very different and not as much ""story"" based as the previous episodes but more trying to find the end.  I also felt in the end the choices made in previous episodes did not matter at all other then some dialogue at the end.  I don't neccessary mind the end of the story (as I am sure some people will), I just wish the promise through out of your choices have consequences would have lived up to the hype.  Overall, I would play it again and would be interested in a season 2."
,Recommended,319630,18086261,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Koga,This game ♥♥♥♥s with you real bad11/10
,Recommended,319630,27536688,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheGreyHusky,I wish I could rewind time so that I never played this game. Maybe I wouldn't be emotionally scarred for life.9/10
76561198027470108,Recommended,319630,20345433,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kloser,Very Good Story !! Awesome 10/10Dontnod and SquareEnix Thank You Very Much For this game.
,Recommended,319630,18688746,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ichi Dargon,"Never in my life have I played a more amazing story rich game. Of course people have different opinions than I do, but this game really hit the nail on the hail for my type of game. The best thing about this story game is that you can really choose your options, and wieght the pros and cons of each choice you make.Plus, this has to be the most attractive main character in any game, ever."
76561198062483455,Recommended,319630,14349981,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,Very interesting game. I am definitely intrigued by what will happen in further episodes.
76561198048923448,Recommended,319630,18576746,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Choppahhh,THIS GAME........... THIS GAME RIGHT HERE WAS DEPRESSING AS HECK. YOU DON'T KNOW HOW MANY TEARS I SHED JUST BY PLAYING 5 EPISODES. 10/10 WOULD CRY AGAIN.
76561198138531430,Recommended,319630,15918938,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,C&D | Isaac_Mo43,great game
,Recommended,319630,15917641,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Splastic,"One of the best games i have played this year so far, Its original what i like about. If you liked the walking dead Series then you will like this too, 10/10 in my books totally worth getting."
76561198076696700,Recommended,319630,15919218,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Trigzl,"This game is SO good. The choices you make really matter and they can have major consequences! ""Life is Strange"" has been such an exciting, edge of your seat game and it honestly stresses me out sometimes, but I love it! The twists and turns it takes you through are intense and unexpected.The high school setting is so realistic to how things can actually be and it doesn't feel fake. I get so into the game, because you can so easily become caught up in the beautiful graphics and the real life feel to it. I feel like part of the game when I play, and the characters I interact with become friends and enemies. The episodes keep leaving off on huge cliff hangers, and right now I'm freaked out by what happened at the end of episode 3!Also, the music is the best! The soundtrack flows to follow the mood of the story and is so relaxing that you can just loose yourself in the game.I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in a story rich world that revolves around you and the choices you make. Get ready for a wonderful, jaw-dropping adventure, because hey, life IS strange."
,Recommended,319630,25159300,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kye Plays Fair,"I bought episode 1 because it was free. 3 hours and $20 later, I owned episode 2-5 as well.I was stressed when I had to break off part way through the story because of the nagging persistance of life. Having finished the game 3 days ago, I am still an emotional wreck and I want my own Chloe.10/10 would tear heart out again."
,Recommended,319630,18652806,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,jenna.mazzone,"Fantastic mood, characters that you actually care about, difficult-to-make decisions.This game is truly a fantastic experience. 10/10"
76561198060164598,Recommended,319630,18652670,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hambone,Wow...This game was remarkable. A truly touching storyline. Ill never forget this game..The characters and places actually mean something to you.
,Recommended,319630,17794936,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,inthosedreamsicanfly,Would kiss Chloe again 10/10
76561198061064796,Recommended,319630,18652368,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mr. Deluxe Penguin,"Increadibly high quality both with directing, music, voice acting, and artwork. Great story that is enjoyable to watch unfold, as well as is engrossing, realistic, immersive, and emotional. Gameplay is mostly walking/talking sim, but time rewind aspect makes it fresh and the choices are not black and white and at least feel like they have huge weight (my roommate and I sometimes got into arguments over which option to pick, and would lament or celebrate over the resulting unfolding of events). The characters feel like real people and are very well done.However pretty meh on the animation, especially on faces and lip-syncing, some in my opinion plot BS and plot holes, things never explained or red herrings etc. That's pretty much it for bad things though. Even when it gets hipster it is hilarious.Has my favorite scene in any video game of all time (the birds scene, you will know it when you see it).Overall, this is amazing for anyone that likes story or artwork. A playthrough for me was almost 20 hours, and for most people it will have replay value for at least a second playthrough so is worth the $20 price tag. It would be an absolute steal for $10 if the price ever drops that low. A definite must own game."
76561198019166032,Recommended,319630,18652914,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mindrust`,"There is nothing to say. Amazing story, captivating characters, incredible atmosphere. One of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,31793935,Posted: 16 May,all,riverofphoenix,"The storyline is very realistic and the atmosphere really pulls you in. The soundtrack and visual are perfect.... All in all, this game is worth every penny. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33513494,Posted: 13 July,all,Zip Sky,"OMG !!! BEST GAME EVER I HAVE PLAYED, THIS GAME IS SO EPIC !!!I'll play this game again when I have free time ! Certainly !STORY RICH: 10/10INTERACTION: 10/10"
76561198038378804,Recommended,319630,33572504,Posted: 15 July,all,DigitalShip,"This isn't a game this is a beautiful story , filled with awesome and relatable characters , that make it hard not to fall in love with them  and the story ,It basiclly makes you go on a rollercoaster of emotions due to most actions having consequences. It has amazing soundtrack that i myself can listen to for HOURS , the art style is amazing , It has a lot of funny and cool refrences and it makes every small interaction with something more fun than it should've which also brings you to the point in which not checking everything might make you  feel bad about not doing so. I'm looking forwad to the new Life is Strange : Before the Storm ^^ and if you will want to play it be sure to check this one first! IF you do get it i hope you enjoy it !"
76561198186181009,Recommended,319630,33586503,Posted: 16 July,all,Aegis,"-Great character design-Memorable and beautiful musicTo me, the games strength lies within its world, and its characters. Some of my friends have felt the same way. And others prefered the story. There's a lot in this game to like, and everyone gets something unique from the game. And since episode 1 is free, i'd recommend adding it to your libary."
,Recommended,319630,33583719,Posted: 16 July,all,A philanthropist,The moment you finish the game and you realize you're a grownass on a couch crying like a baby over a video game10/10 would play again
,Recommended,319630,15090028,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ishmael,Honestly this game has one of the best stories i have ever seen 11/10
76561198129924990,Recommended,319630,33580460,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr Samsonite,Wowser...hella game!
,Recommended,319630,33593759,Posted: 16 July,all,HouseOfZipper,"This game ♥♥♥♥ed me up in a good way.Got this game when the first episode released on PS4 in 2014 and i was surprised by how much i enjoyed this game as i played through the episodes. I honestly enjoyed it more more than i thought i would. The story is fantastic, has a good set of memorable characters and the butterfly effect in this game is truly present!If you haven't played this game then i strongly suggest that you give it a try! It's a MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,319630,19404863,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Werupenstein,"How strange that I thought the story was great, yet I hated pretty much every character in it; I'm just so disconnected from the teen life and it's shocking how hard that hit me playing this.If you've played a recent Telltale game, you know what to expect mechanically from this game. The choices seems a lot more impactful in this game though, some of the choices I made had major impact on the ongoing game going forward, it really felt crazy some of the things that happened and how much they impacted the story, I may play the game again to see how much things change.Some major twists and hard decisions really made this game a step above.I didn't think the art was up to snuff, I wasn't expecting Remember Me quality but there were some really bad character models/details in the game, wow that dog looked terrible.Starts well, meanders through the middle, and finishes very strong, episode 5 was a crazy trip, loved it."
,Recommended,319630,33525862,Posted: 13 July,all,GrountValiant,"MasterpieceIt made me cry like a baby girl, kappa10/10"
76561198035410528,Recommended,319630,19218333,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hattress[NL],the only game ever that made me cry awesome game but it doesn't matter what you do it will all com back the same in the end you can choose a sad ending or a really sad ending too bad the is no good ending but it is not about the ending it's about the story and the people you meet and their stories in the end you have to choose to let them all die for the 1 vriend/love or let your vriend/love die to save all the people in the town that you bonded with.great game hope i can forget it and experience it all over.
,Recommended,319630,33426444,Posted: 10 July,all,n00b_ninja,"Is it possible to travel back in time and play this masterpiece for the first time... again? Because I want to live in Arcadia Bay again, experience the fabulous OST again, explore the ever evolving story filled with mysteries again, enjoy all the conversations again, and so on and so forth. Oh, and that ending combined with that soundtrack... Holy sh!t.The best singleplayer story experience by far. A must buy."
,Recommended,319630,32767889,Posted: 25 June,all,Doktor L,"Life is Strange is by far the best game i have ever played.It's a story telling game, so the most important aspects about the game are the story and the atmosphere.Both are extremely nice. The story is focused on friendship and hard choises.The atmosphere is intense and the soundtrack is very well chosen.To fully enjoy the game, you have to play it alone (no teamspeak, no one interupting you).So i recomend playing an episode (roughly 3 hours per episode) a day for 5 days straight to get the full experience."
76561198068059489,Recommended,319630,33534965,Posted: 14 July,all,CookieLord,"If you like to enjoy pretty music and beautiful scenery and convincing character types while also being enthralled in a surprisingly dark and compelling story, then this is the game for you.Pros:great gameplaybeautiful aesthetic sceneryamazing soundtrackinteresting choicesexelent storytellingand incredible character/emotional attachmentCons:SOME corny dialoguesome questions aren't fully answered (but hopefully they'll be answered in the sequel)"
,Recommended,319630,32944152,Posted: 28 June,all,Widowmaker,"My first comment is yours now! It's the best game I have ever played!!! Everyone in the game seems important so does the fate of everybody. The ability to rewind time seems beneficial, but it is somehow good for us to stay away from such an ability in real life.I still remember how I saved Kate. Without the ability, I cared more about everything and try to figure out what she was feeling! I played it once more and chose to accept Chloe's fate. To my surprise, I found giving up something doesn't mean losing and the arrangements of our fates shall always be the best for us!What a nice game!!!!! Looking forward forAccept and respect our fates!"
76561198268737127,Recommended,319630,33567992,Posted: 15 July,all,KI2 | Iabdu112sa,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
76561197960536729,Recommended,319630,29010852,Posted: 4 January,all,JeffG,"Life is Strange is a masterpiece of interactive fiction. Don’t be fooled by episode 1. This game is not what you think it is and takes on a life of its own once it starts really ramping up near the end of EP2.Dontnod have done a fantastic job of making the player feel invested in the characters and the story. I went in completely blind to the game and story not knowing what to expect. I certainly did not expect to be so crushed when the game was over. Somehow the game manages to transcend ordinary storytelling where events are happening ‘in-front-of’ the viewer/player and rather makes them feel like they are happening ‘to’ the player. Despite the player being nothing like the protagonist personally.I’ve never seen a video game pull that off so effectively. The world-building, the attention to detail and superlative voice acting come together to produce an emotional rollercoaster that won’t let go until the credits roll in the final episode.Caution: this game can hit you hard enough to wake you. Or even break you."
,Recommended,319630,32521597,Posted: 17 June,all,FBN,Hella great game!An amazing piece of art.
76561198169018662,Recommended,319630,30322195,Posted: 4 March,all,Antex,"One of my favorite ""choice"" games... I have a deep thought for this game ... it`s amazing... i recommend to everyone who is feeling down or left out... game has that feeling that your in the game... that is you... your playing yourself"
,Recommended,319630,27406628,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StrixZz,"I nominated this game for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” AwardYou know, why not?Great soundtrack, Great story, Great characters.I can't recommend this game enough, this is too great =)And when you water your plant and it says ""This action will have consequenses""............ 11/10 xD"
,Recommended,319630,15053738,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Andy Batman,"WOW! Just finished episode 1 and IMMEDIATELY purchased the rest of the episodes. Feeling all of the feels after playing through the first episode and cant wait to find out what happens! For sure not kid friendly, some very heavy themes here, so if you have kids or are worried about people hearing NSFW content, then i would suggest headphones. The sound track is amazing and you will want headphones anyways! I found myself just sitting in sections so i could feel the feels and listen to the soundtrack. Amazing entertainment experience and cant wait to play the rest / see whatelse DONTNOD comes up with in the future!First episode took me about 3ish hours... i do hope the second episode has more content. Amazing mechanic that i can rewind and try other choices.... really cool feature for someone whom enjoys exploring their options like i do in a game!You owe yourself at the very least picking up the first episode.... it is the price of a Latte and will leave you much more satisfied!"
,Recommended,319630,14277841,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hati,"In hindsight, this game gave me the punishing I asked for... I talked to my classmates, the townspeople, friends, and got to know them, their struggles and hopes and then wrecked myself making heavy choices. It was hella sweet."
76561198306096498,Recommended,319630,28965644,Posted: 2 January,all,Johnyrocket33,"Seriously, I never leave comments on games, but this game has changed me so I have to this time. Seriously the best game ive ever played. You must play this game! It is amazing! But be careful, its also the most emotional thing ive ever put myself through. Good luck..."
76561198092929916,Recommended,319630,33508963,Posted: 13 July,all,AceOfSpades,"Really got sucked in by the charcters and story. Normally with games like this I play through them once and im done but with this one I can easily see myself playing the full story multiple times to see different oucomes/endings and to try and get a 100% completion. So plenty of replay value. Would highly recommend - ""Shaka Brah."" Also I have to mention that the music in this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,319630,33363008,Posted: 7 July,all,embraceternity,"I've played and cried. I've replayed and cried. I've watched friends play and cried. I've been wanting to re-re-play and cry, but am holding off until after the Before the Storm prequel comes out so that I can cry x4 when replaying.This game is a masterpiece. It's narrative-focused, and the gameplay isn't for everyone. But even if the gameplay isn't your favorite, this is a game that sticks with you. As much as I mention crying; this game made me laugh, gasp, spaz out, you name it. It's a beautiful tornado of emotions, and I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,319630,33567197,Posted: 15 July,all,Akiko Sayuki,"Before I even bought the game for myself, I watched a Let's Play when the first episode came out, all the way to the last one. It was emotional, had an amazing artistic style, an awesome concept, and very likable characters. Then, almost 2 years after its release, I saw the game in my recommended and I decided to play it. I didn't have much of an expectation to feel anything because I already knew what would happen. Well, I was wrong. Some of the decisions were easy to make, while I had to think much harder for others, I would have to put myself into their position to make them (Which I haven't experienced while playing a game before). I ended up feeling even more attached to certain characters. So the game ended up being even more emotional for me because over the past 2 years my opinions and values have changed.tl;dr: Already knew the whole game, didn't think it would be as good because of that, bought it 2 years after release. Was wrong. Enjoyed the game even more than before."
76561198035470771,Recommended,319630,33623414,Posted: 17 July,all,killjoy7m,"Great story. Don't rush read and talk to every thing, enjoy your time trip."
,Recommended,319630,33630732,Posted: 18 July,all,chami,the feels
,Recommended,319630,33620781,Posted: 17 July,all,One-Eyed Jynks,"Life is Strange is a cinematic adventure game that really pulls at the hearts of all the players. This is honestly one of the games of the decade that has made me the most emotional, as the episodes deal with heavy-hitting issues in regards to bullying, sex, sexuality, drugs, and the meaning of life. It is not for the faint of heart, but if you are the kind that is all right tackling that sort of material, just let the game pull you right in.As far as the gameplay goes, all you really need to know is this: does choice matter? On the whole, if you are expecting a very freeform type of experience where the choices feel like liquid that shapes the game, you will be set up for disappointment. All of the effects of the choices appear as subtle distinctions in the game, with none of them really having a significant impact on the outcome of the episodes. Does that mean that this is inherently bad? No, but it does mean that one should probably lower their expectations if they are really buying this game for the ""choice aspect.""As a narrative, it's amazing, and the characters are what makes it. The characters feel real, and the voice acting is stellar. As a cinematic experience with gaming elements, Life is Strange succeeds on many fronts."
,Recommended,319630,32339952,Posted: 11 June,all,Exile,great game 9.87/9.9954
,Recommended,319630,19326190,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Isarii,"Life is Strange is what Telltale’s games would have became if the company wasn’t so set on releasing the exact same gameplay in a different setting in a way that would make the team behind Assassin’s Creed flinch. Speaking purely about the engine and presentation, everything about Life is Strange blows Telltale out of the water.For those of you who haven’t played a Telltale game yet, their titles are extremely cinematic choose-your-own adventure episodic stories with a heavy emphasis on choice and consequence. The experience is very much like playing a movie, though there is an element of exploration when you’re walking around and interacting with the world between cut scenes.In terms of the narrative, Life is Strange iterates on the Telltale model in a few important ways. The most important is the protagonist’s ability to use time travel, allowing the player to rewind time and see how different choices would play out. This compliments the choice and consequence system extremely well, as the player is able to experiment and agonize over which decision they want to move forward with in the timeline. In a sense, this turns every conversation into a puzzle (not to mention the actual puzzles in the game that you solve with the protagonist’s powers).I have seen some people (particularly older males) express that they were unable to empathize with the personal struggles of the main character, a contemporary high school girl. I didn’t have this problem personally, but as this is definitely a character driven game, it might be something to consider.There are a few shortcomings. A few plot threads didn’t get resolved in as satisfying a way as I would have liked, and one of the game’s two possible endings (the binary choice here is in itself disappointing) is terribly executed. Some have complained that they didn’t feel their choices mattered in the end, though this seems to be a complaint raised for literally every game that has a choice and consequence system. My criteria is whether or not I felt my choices mattered at the time. Did I deliberate? Did I care? Did I feel that choices were sometimes difficult? By that criteria, Life is Strange is an undeniable success.Despite its shortcomings, I absolutely loved this game, and it would definitely find a place in my top 5 games of all time. If you’re into choose your own adventure choice and consequence games, this is a must try."
76561198197670019,Recommended,319630,20015444,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ami,"Let's take a minute to appreciate this genuine game <3.Life is Strange is that kind of game that you can't avoid getting attached to the characters and getting involved in some way to the history <3. A special game, you know, like a great book. A great combination of a serious dramatic plot, humour, well-constructed characters and indie stuff. Oh my, the soundtrack. And has one of best fandoms, I swear... xD.Personally, I prefer the three first chapters... they have a different essence (?) than the last ones. But I enjoyed all of them anyways. I totally recommend it ^^ and playing it with anyone else, it's kind of funny sometimes xD."
76561198043037335,Recommended,319630,25278985,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ntzhoushiwei,"I usually don't write reviews, but I feel that I have to give my first review to this game. Life is Strange is one of the best games I have ever played these years. The graphics may not be the best, but it's enough for this type of games. The point is, this game has such a deep core and such a wonderful storytelling that graphics is no longer important at all. It feels as if you are experiencing a movie by yourself, and I have to admit that I cried several times during the gameplay. The shape of the characters are so vivid as if they are real persons in your life. The details of the game, like all kinds of miscellaneous corners and items, are also polished pretty well. It has to be my top 5 games this year. Just BUY it! You won't regret."
,Recommended,319630,20356663,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Wulf,wow
76561198123441185,Recommended,319630,27391324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Freeze,"When I bought this game, it was on sale. I saw the reviews and said, ""Why not give it a try?"". I had no idea what to expect when I played this game, and found myself getting hooked from the start. Life is Strange is suprisingly immersive, and you'll find yourself getting attached to the characters in a way that you would have never anticipated. The story line is fantastic, the twists are insane, and the choices you have to make can be very difficult. As a whole, I would highly recommend getting this game. It's worth every cent!"
76561198066819156,Recommended,319630,17714565,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,whogiveafark,"THis GAME. Ho. Ly.♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS MOTHERCUKING GAME.OooOOOOooh my god.OH MY GOD YOU GUYS.This game. IS THE BEST♥♥♥♥♥♥I'VE EVER PLAYED IN MAH WHOLE LYFE.I WOULD REPLAY THIS GAME EVERY DAY IF I DIDN'T HAVE OBLIGATIONS SUCH AS 'health' and 'work'.The art is frickin amazing. The animation is FRICKIN AMAZING.The story is non-stop lets rock BREAK THE LOCK say no to locks murder case AMAZING.Play this game.you there, reading this review. play this god damn game you nerd. do it."
76561197994727859,Recommended,319630,15614993,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,HooCH,"As someone who does not usually play episodic games, or even games where choices play such an important role in the outcomes, I am blown away by how rich and immersive this game is. I am ued to having my heart pounding from encounters with bandits in games like DayZ, yet that was nothing compared to the sheer stress and heartpounding crisis I found myself in within this game, where the decisions I made impacted not just myself, but also other characters who I was actually fond of.  I never would have thought I'd say this, but I feel a deep connection with the characters in this game. The music included in this game is also on point, and helps immerse you within the story and it develops a general feeling that I am a vital player within a huge story, where I will face all of the choices I make."
,Recommended,319630,20170481,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tammy,Tears.
,Recommended,319630,20142303,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Eigna,"A story of a teen aspiring to be a professional photographer. She meets her long lost childhood best friend in the most unexpected way and discovers a life-changing power, which allowed her to rewind time and change the past. But who knew what she changed will affect the future so drastically? Along the way, she discovers many dark secrets of her school, and also secrets of those beloved to her.This game made me cry more than seeing a puppy dying in a movie or drama. (Damn those ninjas chopping onions at the most important timings).All I can say? Prepare your box of tissues.10/10 would chop onions again."
,Recommended,319630,17975905,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Yimhezirh | gamekit.com,"Very great game I very much enjoy it. It has a great voice acting, the way the story flows is just brilliant! But not only is the story practically seemless but its very emotionaly moving and very well thought and planned out. But thats not all the games cutscenes look exactly like the actual gameplay and it flows perfectly from scene to gameplay and so forth. The  graphics are realistic while still keeping it looking pleasing to the eye and still a bit artsy at the same time. The game really puts you in the charicters shoes. I recommend anyone who likes games such as; The Walking Dead, The Last of Us, basically any Telltale games. I also recommend that if you ever plan on stoping gaming you need to play this game at somepoint befor you stop gaming."
,Recommended,319630,18049186,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,tamago0o,"23/11/2016 Edit:My pick for the The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” 2016 Steam Awards.The obvious gut-wrenching and emotionally charged passages this game has are something the industry may replicate, however the emotion and sensibility of its imagery and music build it up to such a package it's a tiebreaker.- - -Such a good experience!The environment of the game is super nice and relaxing most of the time. Soundtrack and lighting are beautifully chosen and applied, there are tracks from actual recording artists and many scenes are portrayed at sunset and early morning, so they just have this very soothing power. Lots of cool references and usage of real pop culture imagery which blends into the very detailed and designed look of the whole.The aesthetics may not be fitting to everyone's personal taste since it is heavily fashionable (the very teenagey trying-too-hard art school hipster elements), but that's basically how it pinpoints the whole thing to a niche of this day and age's youth and turns itself into a cultural picture not just a caricature. The game has enough depth to not fall flat into just one very hipster depiction – which it could have, easily – so it may be very stupid to judge the game like one would do to a teenager blog when as one of those generation defining movies would be fairly closer.The story is just great. A mix of Twin Peaks, Buffy The Vampire Slayer, Butterfly Effect and maybe a pinch of Ghost World. A cauldron filled with good stuff that cooks into a cool world of interesting interlaced events. The cliffhangers between episodes are desperating and the player's choices do have some consequences as the episodes go (yes, I drowned the plant and it is still pretty dead).The characters' writing is Life Is Strange's weakness to me personally. The main characters are okay but the supporting ones are just glassy-eyed. Max will always have that bland vanilla feel, yes, but girls like that do exist and it's super cool for that real girl to be actually empowered, even if she needs a firecracker like Chloe along to be the criminal mastermind now and then. Regarding the rest of the cast, they all have defined back-stories and looks – which is good for a general placement in the world of the game – but most of them just talk gibberish and feel very lacking in personality and development if you don't go wandering about being nosy and checking their personal stuff. It's a good thing the narrative is carried more by the actions and happenings than by dialogue.Everyone should play this game though. It does feel like a newfound peak to good immersion in a storytelling experience with gaming. Just give in already!"
76561198014203017,Recommended,319630,15051762,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Major Kwansn,"I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. After just finishing Episode 2 I realized how invested I had become in the story  and the decisions you make. Life is indeed strange. To the people who made this game, you touched my heart and my soul and I am very thankful for this."
,Recommended,319630,28513711,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Yakchal,"Dude, why am I sweating through my eyes playing this game?Such a beautiful game, great soundtrack and perfect story. Never thought a video game could impact me so much. 10/10"
76561198067912210,Recommended,319630,27820018,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,autraymond,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award!"
,Recommended,319630,14255115,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gramzies,I highly recommend this game. It's incredibly immersive and addictive. The characters are relatable and it makes you care for them and the outcome.It's one of the finest adventure games I've played in years.
76561198077525689,Recommended,319630,14377774,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Greatstupa,"The music is great, the game play is basic, but has a new mechanic compared to other interactive games, such as Tell Tales games. It introduces a rewind system where you can go back in a limited time frame to remake a decision or undo what has happen in the story. However, you will have to live with the consequences. After all the main drive of this story is making tough decisions. Other than the mechanics of the game, the game runs really smoothly. More so than other games because it's running on the Unreal engine.Other aspects I enjoy greatly about the game is the music. The company behind the game has gone great lengths in gathering a unique sound track with many indie muscians.  What is off setting about the game is the lip sync. There are some scenes where the mouth flaps of the characters do not match at all with what the characters are saying. To me that is a bit annoying as it takes the player out of the world.---edit 3/25/15/--- I found out that the reason why the flaps are not sync is because the developers developed this game to be in the language in French. However, they had to make the decision on to spend money on a solid gameplay/voice actors or spend money to fix the flaps. They obviously chose the first. And I full heartily agree that they made the right call for this.---edit----Other than that, I give this game a 9/10. The minor flaws does not detered me from the main aspects of the game(gameplay,story, music, and art). It is a must play for people who enjoy games similar to the tales series.------edit 3/25/2015------------------ 2nd ChapterJust played episode two of Life is Strange and it is just as amazing as the first. There are more nail biting decisions where you, the player, have to make. They added a feature where the individual can go back on a certain chapter to replay that scene. In addition, they added a play mode where you can just collect missing pictures in the game. However, in this game mode the player can not influences his or her choices in the origonal gameplay.I love the new features that they added and it helps as the player will make mistakes and perhaps want to redo a certain part of the story or complete more achievements by going back.The music is just as great as the first episode. What is even better is that the game company added more songs to their already large sound track.Finally, I believe this game still deserves the 9/10 score I have given it. The music, the gameplay, and the story is still amazing. If somehow the first episode still haven't convinced you to buy the rest of the episodes, then you are missing out!"
,Recommended,319630,18631260,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Majima Anywhere,"twin peaks time travel hipster accoustic adventure, now featuring friendzone simulator 2015 - Warren Edition. fun central mechanic and interesting story."
76561198019390185,Recommended,319630,18849597,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Last Leviathan,"This is the first real review I'm writing for a game, and I never thought I would play a game of this genre let alone review it.  As an avid RTS, Grand Strategy, RPG, FPS and blood and gore type gamer, Life is Strange is a ways away from my usual style. I watched a friend play it and it caught my interest enough to give it a try myself.  It is perhaps one of my best purchases I've made from Steam.REVIEWIn the game, you play as quirky photographer Max Caulfield trying to navigate your way through the drama and problems of teenage High School life.  Discovering an ability to go back in time, she sets out to uncover the unravelling mystery of a missing girl and secrets surrounding her school Blackwell Academy.  You journey through ups and downs, ranging from simple choices in every day normalities to major decisions that leave you truly doubting your own judgment.The game manages to be funny, somber, serious, creepy, suspenseful and mysterious. The world and characters are intricately crafted and the story profoundly woven to create this fluid narrative that is both compelling and engaging.  Like an interactive mystery novel with a wonderfully arranged soundtrack, at every turn it leaves you wanting to read one more page.  The characters are relatable and interesting and the game explores a variety of serious topics from bullying to death and loss.  As the game progresses, as does the gravity of events that Max faces and it consistently succeeds in building sincere connections to the variety of characters you will meet. Life is Strange will leave you chuckling over a nerdy reference while still managing to break your manly or womanly heart.  You will find an immense amount of choices and dialogue options, the game provides the player with even more information for exploring and probing. The choices all have a small or significant effect on the storyline, world and the relationship Max has with the characters around her.  Life is Strange is a hidden jewel that succeeds in everything it does and leaves you wishing it hadn't ended. It is simply put, a masterpiece.Pros(+)Excellent storytellingIntelligent and profoundGreat soundtrackUnique art styleLarge variety of choices that affect the storyCons(+)Replayability might be lacking after several playthroughsWill cause lack of sleep from wanting to finishOverall, this game is well worth the 20$ and is without a doubt one of the most well written games I've played.  I would recommend it in particular for any teenager or young adult though it would no doubt still entertain gamers of all ages."
,Recommended,319630,19881226,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chloe,this game is very fun its got its own cute artstyle decent story i bought episode one just cause it was on sale and i had so much fun i really recomend this game
,Recommended,319630,30433038,Posted: 10 March,all,Jarris095,"One of the best story games I have ever played.You actually feel like your choiuces mean something, and every decision you make has a meaningful impact on how the story will play out. 10/10"
76561198016130480,Recommended,319630,18667221,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Asswhole,"Never in my life has a game kicked me in he feels so brutally and thoroughly. It's a little more exploratory than Telltale games, which I like. It gets you a lot more involved with actions and choices. The charm is so strong that you can forgive budget-cutting details like the poor lip syncing in earlier episodes."
,Recommended,319630,14276791,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Joshthaboiii,why no episode 2 released yet?!
,Recommended,319630,17309800,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Misi,"Life is Strange may be my favorite game ever. I'm a sucker for choice based games, and if you add some mystery, investigation and supernatural stuff I'm sold. As some people say, it has some kind of nostalgic and soothing feeling. You can take your time to explore every single detail or just sit around listening the wonderful soundtrack while reflecting on the events in the game. The emotional aspect, and how your choices really matter, is one of my favorite things. And it may seem light and a bit cheesy at first, but it gets darker every episode, and touches really sensitive subjects as bullying, suicide or sexual assault. What can I say, I'm literally in love with this game."
,Recommended,319630,19727119,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,cool guy,What's that? Life is Strange? But you're gonna end up sad inside.
,Recommended,319630,19883256,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,cha0sweaver [Spray&Pray],"Dude, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is good"
,Recommended,319630,19709709,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Arakhor,"If there were infinite feels in the world, this game would probably still hit all of them.  This will probably be my game of the decade."
,Recommended,319630,20243449,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SimplyAnna,"I bought this game entirely unsure of what to expect.Seriously a solid 9.5/10. I wish the ending was different but that is my only complaint.As soon as I started playing, I was hooked to the game. I couldn't put it down. The game is an emotional rollercoaster. I went from ""Oh okay,"" to ""WHAAAAT?"" to ""MY FEELSSSSS.""Definitely would rewind time to play for the first time again. :')"
,Recommended,319630,20267545,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,heylondon,Amazing!
,Recommended,319630,18886859,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ridog101,"Beutiful beutiful story, my #1 favorite episode based story game. I reccomend everyone give it a try.  This is a great game to play with friends, or even a girlfriend if she's into that sort of thing.  I hooked it up to my flatscreen and we all played as a group, deciding where the story would go togeather.  Wonderful game. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,20301647,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,codyboc22,This game is great. Your choices actually matter and the immersion is unreal. You find yourself truly caring for these characters. There are decisions through all the episodes that are difficult to make. It is an excellent game and worth far more than it is priced.
,Recommended,319630,20181257,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,רוח רפאים,Buy it. It looks like a teenage girl game first but it's hell o'fun!
,Recommended,319630,20366919,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Beato(B-day the 9th),"If there is one thing i value in good games, it is their story.The story, the choices, the feeling in this game makes it something.I always do say and ive always believed that games can tell stories so much grander then any book or movie,to me this is the perfect example of that.Ive bought quite a few games ons team and regretted it, this is DEFINENTLY not the case here,it was worth every cent.There is no regrets here,10/10""I criedI laughedI felt"""
,Recommended,319630,20280320,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kaioShiMa,"So I finished this game in 12,5 hours, im not sure is it long or short but for me it was hellalong experience! The amount of emotions in the game and events is beyond all. The best game i played ever i hope i will ever experience something like this again.Just give it a try, you will not regret the time that will pass on this adventure."
,Recommended,319630,14256694,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,lazyPerfectionist,"8rilliant game, using it as a rel8d text for an english assignment. It's THAT good, folks!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,319630,14349122,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,w1zerd,"""8/10 "".…has the potential to outdo both Telltale Games and Quantic Dream."" - Metro""This review from metro completely captures my feelings about this game. I saw PewDiePie play this a few days ago, and I couldnt wait to pick it up for myself. My advice for anyone looking to purchase this game is to wait for the rest of the episodes to be released to buy the complete season. This game is worth all $20 that you will pay for it."
,Recommended,319630,18591447,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cpt. Tombstone,"When I first started the game with episode one, I didn't think much of it.. It was interesting, had really good music, some interesting characters, but it ultimately didn't offer much. Then episode 2, 3 and 4 came out, but I didn't feel the urge to continue. But then I did and Holy S*it this game is a masterpiece. Episode one is much like a prologue, after it the game picks up the pace, grabs your attention and shows its teeth. Interesting characters turn into one of the most complex ones of video game history, and they feel so real that even the horrible lipsync can't convince you that they aren't. The choices you make really matter, but their consequences are not apparent at first, but can bite you in the a** later. But strangely the best thing about this game (at least for me) is the feeling that it leaves in me after I play it. Maybe it's because of the music, or the main characters but I believe it's something much deeper, that I cannot explain. Playing this game fills my heart with warmth and sadness at the same time. The dialogue between Max and Chloe is so witty and beautifully written, and Max's monologue made me laugh out loud dozens of times. I feel like this game left an impression on me that no other has managed so far... And I have played a lot of excellent games. You cannot go wrong with this one. (But beware the lipsync, even though they say they have improved it, it is still horrible :D)"
,Recommended,319630,20311767,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MougiaS,"I have STEAM ever since it launched and this is the first time I'm writing a review, because this game SO deserves it."
,Recommended,319630,19563491,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jan,awesome !
76561198136359070,Recommended,319630,18872193,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Eldarwen,"Part of me never wanted Life is Strange to end. Without spoiling too much, as expected, there is more than one ending.Both are incredibly well done, and both made me cry.No friendship has been portrayed as well in a video game as that of Max and Chloe – and that's where the heart of the story lies. Life Is Strange is about time-manipulating powers, a big approaching super-storm, about murder and mystery – but it's ultimately about friendship and about the lack of control young people feel over their lives as they grow up.The ending likely won't be to everyone's liking but the end makes the symbolic meaning behind the blue butterfly and the concept of chaos theory even more fascinating to look into."
,Recommended,319630,15116533,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Doctor Cipher,"Do you love to be told a wonderful story but also have the chance to change things for the better (or worse, you sick F**k).Get this treat into the realm of Sci-fi, crime and drama!____________________________________________________________________________________I finish the story and say that is the best piece of art I have ever had the pleasure of watching and playing.  You will think.  You will feel.  You will cry.This game take you through the week of Maxine, a student at Blackwell and bestowed upon you through unknown mean is the ability to time travel.  You and your friend Chole unravel a dark secert that has taken hold of the small town of Arcadia Bay.  And with your new power you try to right the wrongs and save as many as you can."
,Recommended,319630,17536897,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Marco,"Ah man this game!!I'm so so so in love with this game.Very fond of the art in particular.The story leaves you guessing, and has amazing plottwists.I'm so glad I've played it."
,Recommended,319630,14897706,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,dashuo44,"Money well spent.The game is very immersive. It makes me want to get better with my English, had to look up some of the words =DCan't wait for the remaining episodes to come out!"
,Recommended,319630,14250033,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Syrdeth,"Wow. I have not played an Adventure game this good in a long time. Great story. Can't wait for the next episode!*rewinds*8/10, would play again.*rewinds*9/10, would play again.*rewinds*10/10, would play again."
,Recommended,319630,17701386,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,SneakyScreamer,Life is Strange is about an 18 year old girl named Max Caulfield. She loves photography but can be known to be socially awkward. so life is normal until one day She finds out she has the ability to rewind time! Determined to Fix things on what is right this story game really can determine what You! think is right and the consequences Do count!Pros:Story is amazingly done.Character developement alrightMakes you care about the charactersScenery is wonderfulA very nice twist on the choice and consequence gamesThe game is not easily predictable in most aspectsCons:Some things can be easily missed and can have bad consequences because of it.Character motions are not Bad but could use improvementSide characters do not get much developmentI absolutely recommend this Game!   9/10
,Recommended,319630,19994250,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
76561198124729117,Recommended,319630,14248411,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Timtoma,loved it sooo good and touching
76561198079028270,Recommended,319630,20014083,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vlado Voštinár,When u love 14 years girls go for it kappa
,Recommended,319630,16231277,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Amagidyne,"As I'm writing this down, 97% of the reviews for this game are positive. Now, take this as a hint. We, the players, LOVE this game. Critics aren't really sure about it, ratings fluctuate from 60% to 90%. Remember ""Gone Home""? The game critics loved and users didn't? I don't know about you, but I'm not a critic, I want to play the game and enjoy it.Life Is Strange WILL be a good, fun experience, that will only have as downsides bad lip-sync and -not always- cringy writing; the price is the same as any other episodic experience you'll find out there, I suggest this game HEAVILY for everyone to at least try out.GOTY for me, still 2 episodes not out as I write this."
76561198071080232,Recommended,319630,17377954,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,hippopoop12,the feels
,Recommended,319630,14451093,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RickMorty89,"Well first time I opened this game I had framerate problems, but it was an easy fix. The problem was the game was picking my intergrated gpu over my standalone one. Just had to right click the .exe file and choose my gpu and run game as administrater. Anyways the music for this game is amazing, the story is great, feels like a movie, really unique. The price is afordable, and game is more of an art experience. Choices in the game will make you feel unsure if you made the right one."
,Recommended,319630,18586797,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Baunsgaard,"Life Is Strange is just a amazing game. You're playing as Max, who can rewind the time. This means that Max just can go back in time, like it never was happened. And this is making the game very interesting.The game is based on your choices, so it's very important that you take the choices you feel is right. The soundtrack, the things that is happening, the mysteries and all the other things there is happening will take you deep in the game. And you will probably like to buy the other episodes. Because this game is just amazing!This is very one of the best games I ever have played, and it won't be the last time.Now I have just completed Episode 5, and this game has since Episode 1 been one of my favorite games. I can't describe how amazing this game really is. There has been scenes where I have dropped one or two tears.There was many choices and I have felt bad over some of my choices. Most of all because of the things that happens when you choose something. That's also what makes this game unique.The game is of course getting 10/10, and I hope there will be a Life Is Strange 2!"
,Recommended,319630,30682076,Posted: 23 March,all,Nighthawk,"PresentationFrom the developers of Remember Me, a game that ironically not many people remember comes Life is Strange, a game that everyone who has played it will remember for years to come. You play as Max Caulfield, a student at the Blackwell Academy located in the fictional city of Arcadia Bay, Oregon, with a limitless supply of passion for photography. The story kicks off after Max wakes up from a dream about a tornado hitting Arcadia Bay, right in the middle of Mr. Jefferson's class, soon to realize that she can rewind time after bumping into her old friend from childhood, Chloe Price. It's hard to talk about Life is Strange's story without spoiling parts of it, but from that beginning scene onward, the game constantly keeps you on your toes with new and intriguing ideas about what is really happening in Arcadia Bay and not holding your hand when it comes to forming up your own ideas and theories.Even if the game is not an open world experience as it follows an episodic format similar to Telltale Games, the amount of information packed into the corners of each scene is astonishing, and just picking up every item, taking optional photos and engaging in discussions with other Blackwell students reveals a lot about Life is Strange's cast of characters, so exploration is highly recommended to understand the full story and add depth to its unique cast of characters. The ability to rewind time will, for most parts be available at any moment, giving you the chance to explore different paths in a conversation, see the outcome and then immediately rewind if you want to hear the other version or you're simply not satisfied with the outcome. This also opens up the opportunity to push for information and then rewind time to surprise that character with your knowledge that for as far as they know, they never shared with you, a mechanic that is unique to this game, but unfortunately it's a missed potential since not a lot of conversations have valuable information that you could use this way, and the ones that do are generally pretty basic.With a game that puts so much emphasis on dialogue, it's surprising to see how little impact your choices have in the outcome of certain events; unlike similar games such as The Walking Dead where your decisions could influence the life of another character, in Life is Strange choices are more like optional background stories that you give to certain discussions, and only a few conversations have an actual impact on the story itself, but even so at the end of the five episodes journey you will still be left with a two-way choice, regardless of everything else that you have done previously in the game.GameplayIf you have played an adventure game similar to the ones made by Telltale in the last couple of years, that's pretty much what you are getting into, but don't think Life is Strange is just a rip-off from Telltale's engine with a new cover, because we have to give it credit for being so much more than that. To begin with, you have free movement over your character and it will always be in third person, so you can cut the fixed camera angles from some of the popular games in the genre, which works for the best here since Arcadia Bay is such a beautiful place to explore and the freedom of movement allows you to peek into every corner at will.The big difference here however is the ability to rewind time, which you can generally use at will, but only on few occasions it has an actual impact on the story and most of the times it just feels like a waste of a brilliant idea. There are times when your ability will lead to some really satisfying moments such as getting on the other side of a door without having the keys and those previously mentioned dialogue moments when pushing for information only to rewind time and surprise the same character with his own thoughts is really mind blowing for the player as well, but there are only a few of those throughout the game, as for the most parts your ability is limited to changing basic environmental things.In the ways of adventure, Life is Strange has a bit of everything, with environmental interaction, mixed with dialogue, puzzles and even a little bit of stealth, which is nothing that you haven't seen before, but it's mixed so well in quantity and with the story itself, that by the end of the game, you could only wish it would last longer, just to explore one more area and hear more stories from the people around it.GraphicsThe engine looks pretty outdated when it comes to graphical quality, but the game's art style does a wonderful job of hiding that, as everything is rendered in a painterly manner, making it feel more like an interactive story delivered through moving paintings rather than going for the full-on realism. With this unique style, it's easy to appreciate how beautiful the world of Life is Strange truly is and take the time to notice all the details put into every single piece of the giant puzzle, growing on that idea of exploration even within a limited scene. The one thing that often breaks the immersion however is the lip sync, which is looks pretty bad in most cases, but if you're willing to look past that, there's still a lively world filled with interesting and unique characters to explore and unfold.AudioThe dialogue is well written and while actress Hannah Telle does an incredible work with the voice of Max, going from the shy girl in the introduction to the rage-driven Max that you will see by the end of the story, and Ashly Burch	is equally amazing as Chloe, some of the other side characters could use better voice work, because the difference is noticeable. The greatest part about Life is Strange's audio is the soundtrack, which keeps throwing some of the best tracks in a video game of recent memory, and are always in the mood with the events on the screen, making the story even more touching.ExtrasApart from the story itself there isn't anything else, but you can however replay specific chapters or entire episodes again to find all the optional photos and explore things you might have missed the first time around. The entire game can be completed in around 10 hours, but do keep in mind that this is a $20 title instead of a full priced game.VerdictThe person who wrote this story deserves all the possible awards for video game writing, unfortunately some of that greatness does get lost in the execution, but at its core, Life is Strange is an incredibly story of a teenager who discovers her superpower, without sticking to classic superheroes clichés, but instead opting for a more personal, in-depth story that will stay with you for years to come.Rating Overall: 8.6Check out the full review and a lot more about Life is Strange athttp://gamedragons.net/viewtopic.php?f=6&p=193#p193"
,Recommended,319630,24358443,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ko24be,This game is hella good
,Recommended,319630,20145340,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Halflight,"Life is Strange is an adventure episodic game by Dontnod Entertainment that allows the player to take control of Maxine ""Max"" Caulfield, a 18 years old student and photographer in training, who discovers she acquired the power to manipulate time. After reuniting with an old childhood friend, Chloe, they both decide to use Max gift to solve the mistery of a disappeared student, Rachel.Much like in the very similar Telltale games, you can move Max around in third person and interact with people and items around you in order to advance in the game. Unlike any Telltale game, however, Life is Strange doesn't feature any QTEs whatsoever and the protagonist can never actually die due to her powers: should the course of action of your choosing lead to Max dying, you will be simply urged to rewind the scene and have another shot at it.Rewinding time is a vital part of Life is Strange and mainly serves two purposes. First, you can rewind time to alter a major plot choice you just made in order to change it or simply see what the other option is about: you can do this however as long as you are in the same location as where everything happened. Second, there are actually a handful of puzzles revolving around time manipulation and information you can use only by acquiring it in the past and bring it back to the present. Rewinding time is an unique feature that remains easy to use most of the time (the game also allows you to skip quickly conversations and events you've already witnessed).Life is Strange, like the other games from the same genre, tasks at times the player with important decisions that can have a future impact on the whole story and how the various characters will react to Max. On this regard, this game is really enjoyable and has a great replaying potential: a series of choices made across different episodes may change the final sequences drammatically. Aside from the main choices the player is offered on each episode, it's possible to find several little events Max can tamper with in different ways, each with its own consequence. These side events however are very hard to find in the game proper without examining each location carefully or having a guide beforehead. The same can be said for the photos Max can take around the places she visits: while some are very easy to spot and take, others require you to alter the environment in a certain why or approach the subject from a very specific angle. Thankfully, it's only a side activity that can grant you achievements.Life is Strange's art direction is also pretty solid and features a more realistic overall look instead of a more cartoonish or comic book inspired overhaul. That said, the game's engine does have its limits, but they don't ruin the overall experience that much.In short, Life is Strange is an excellent game for people who love interactive storytelling and videogames with strong stories, and it's both entertaining to play and plesant to look at to boot"
76561197998721662,Recommended,319630,24363681,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ian,"This game is a phenomenal work of art and you shouldn't miss it. But, be prepared. To avoid spoilers, the truth of Life is Strange (LiS) is best explained through metaphor.Once you've gotten the introductions out of the way, LiS becons you with a beautiful blue flower in one hand, and a knife in the other. Maybe you've played some games before and you recognize this sort of knife, you know how it works and you're ready for it. So you warily check out the flower, keeping one eye on the knife, and soon enough LiS stabs you with it. ""Ow"" you say, and LiS says, ""yeah, sorry"", and pulls out the knife and tosses it away. ""Well, at least that's done with"" you think, it wasn't so bad, and get back to that blue flower. It's a bejeweled masterpiece, a real pleasure to behold with intricate and unexpected details. This is a marvel, you think, and move in closer, only to suddenly find yourself flat on your back, something big and heavy and sharp projecting from your chest. Blinking away tears you look up to see LiS standing over you - somehow you failed to notice that the bejewled blue flower is actually the hilt of a ferociously honed two-handed sword, you've never seen anything like it, and LiS put it right through your sternum so fast you didn't even see the motion. ""Wow, jeez, can you pull this thing out?"" you plead, but LiS dallies. ""Just try to appreciate the moment here."" So you lay there a while, trying to enjoy the sensation of blood cooling as it runs down the side of your torso. ""OK, that's enough"" says LiS, giving the blade a sharp, painful twist before extracting it and helping you back to your feet. ""Good grief!"" you cry, ""What is this game even about?!""LiS pauses while you both admire the extraordinary blade, then lifts it firmly and prepares to strike again. ""This."" LiS says, ""This is what it's about."""
76561198054290993,Recommended,319630,19684254,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,lminiero,"Let me clarify one thing. I hate hipsters and everything around them, I can't stand those pretentious teens who think they're great photographers, lame indie music, etc.. Under those premises, you can understand my skepticism when I first learned about Life is Strange. I watched the trailer and found it pretty interesting, but I also really feared the teen-like drama and the hipster pretentiousness lingering in the background.I can say I'm really happy I overcame my doubts and eventually decided to buy the first chapter during sales a few weeks ago, as I was rewarded with one of the most beautifully intense games I played in the last few years. Don't get me wrong: those things I (and maybe you) hate still are, in part, there. Just don't let them discourage you, as there's much, MUCH more under the surface, starting from a wonderful soundtrack that sounds much more like what Pineapple Thief might write than to lame girly indie songs.The premise is interesting. You're Max, a 18 year old girl that, after 5 years in Seattle, comes back to her hometown to attend an art college and study photography. One day, during a lesson she finds out, the hard way, that she can rewind time. I won't say more to avoid spoiling the game for you, but a lot happens since the first episode and up to the incredibly intense and moving finale. The time manipulation part obviously plays an important role, especially in puzzles/dialogues and so on, but the real focus of the game is on the people around you: the other students, the dramas that start happening around the campus, and your friendships. Again, I won't spoil anything for you, but be prepared for a real rollercoaster of emotions: you won't be able to avoid caring for some of the people you'll meet there and hate others, and every decision you'll make throughout the game will impact the story, The ""choices matter"" parts are really interesting, especially considering you'll be able to rewind immediately after a big one: while this should help you rethink something you just did, you'll find out that it's much easier to regret something you changed than something you did and did NOT change, thus adding to your internal dilemmas.That said, don't expect a particularly challenging game. None of the puzzles are particularly hard, I'd say quite the opposite, but I never found them a problem for the game itself. Life is Strange is meant to be ""lived"", rather than ""played"", so just sit there and enjoy all five episodes in a row!"
76561197972320282,Recommended,319630,18022886,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Glex,"N.B: This review was written after completing Episode 4 of 5.Headline summary: If you like story, characters and mystery, buy this game.Full Review:This game is definitely worth a look if you value stories with a feeling of mystery and nostalgia. The art style is compelling, if a little lacking in detail (which sometimes makes it hard to tell the age of characters etc.). The controls are a little frustrating, particularly when trying to get the optimal angle for those optional photos.The choice system presents some genuine dilemmas. There are situations when the stress of not having enough information, coupled with the compelling nature of the characters, gives you a feeling of unrest and immediacy that drives the experience forward. This feeling of unease is cleverly enhanced by the rewind mechanic, which makes you just powerful enough to see the immediate consequences your choices have, whilst not providing you with enough insight to be sure that your final decision was bullet-proof. This is a unique experience in adventure games and to be seriously applauded.However, other situations have a clear morally optimal option, which - particularly when combined with the rewind mechanic - can make them feel like a choice between the 'right' option and everything else. This is not a serious issue, as most 'optimal' solutions are harder to get, which can make reaching them seem like something of an achievement. Nonetheless, I expect that it will limit replay value for anyone who does not enjoy the feeling of deliberately making the 'wrong' choice just to see what happens.The rewind mechanic itself is a very nice touch and extremely well implemented. It enables the game designers to create some interesting and counter-intuitive puzzles, which whilst not particularly complex, add gameplay depth to a predominantly narrative driven experience.Nonetheless, by far and away the best part of this game is its cast of characters, who even the hardest of hearts will grow to care about. Max is a compelling lead who manages to combine strength of character with self-doubt and teenage awkwardness in a thoroughly believable manner. Without going into too much further detail - no spoilers I promise - the other characters do not fail to disappoint either. Some tend to be a little cliche at times but those with the most screen time have depth and realism.The voice acting is solid, if not mind-blowing, with some lines being delivered a little flat and mechanically. Nonetheless, the writing is all there and really drives the game along. It is worth spending time just walking around and chatting to people to pick up those little extra hints and easter eggs, which are reminicent of those that made old school adventure games so much fun."
76561198054192539,Recommended,319630,18650135,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bobby Smiles,"I have been reserving my review for when Episode 5 comes out, so now I can finally give a full review of this game.And honestly, I wish I could have my memory of playing this game erased... so I could enjoy my first-time experience with it all over again. This is easily one of my favourite games of 2015 by far.You play as a girl named Max Caulfield, a student at Blackwell Academy who has discovered she has the power to rewind time. After meeting up with her best friend, Chloe Price, the two set out on a journey to help their town, Arcadia Bay, and expose the corruption hidden within it.I could go on about what I love about this game, but I'll try to summarise it into a list:-The story is great (there are some gripping moments)-The characters are well-developed with fleshed out personalities (you will care about what happens to them)-The art style is omething I can only describe as a mix between realistic and hand-drawn graphics (which I really like)-The voice acting is great-You have a journal in which Max writes about the events in the game (which I enjoyed reading)-The soundtrack is awesome, and you will want to listen to every note-Your choices will actually matter (and there are some big choices)-The rewind mechanic, which is pivotal to the story, is cleverly implemented-The areas are full of hidden details to look at (I personally enjoy looking for details)And to be honest, the ending made me cry, which is the first time in my life a media form has ever done so.But, now it's over. Our epic, time-twisting tale has come to a close. And now we'll be expected to move on, to leave it behind us. But we'll never let go. We'll hold this adventure close to our hearts. It makes you think...Life is Strange, isn't it?"
76561198086064238,Recommended,319630,20254489,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chai Bot,This game is awesome!!!
76561198079784996,Recommended,319630,16754426,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Veniiq,There are no words to describe how good this game is!
,Recommended,319630,16934144,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mr Hernandez,best game ever so many thing you got to do awesome game to have get it guys
,Recommended,319630,16936447,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sololomon |,"Only went with the first episode based on being unsure about it. Now I'm about to purchase the rest, get them all at once and be done with it. Worth it 101%. Square Enix brings another fantastic title."
,Recommended,319630,16930126,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wolfehh,It's not often you get a female protagonist with some hints of homosexual characters without any conflict tbh. Also great graphics and story. 10/10 would spend my life on this game again.
,Recommended,319630,16902053,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Annunakitty,"Only played the first two episodes at this point, but that's enough to totally be in love with this game.  The characters are for the most part so human, the dialogue feels organic, and the choices you make really do feel like they matter even if only subtly.  Can't wait for the rest of the episodes to come out so I can binge episodes 3 through 5.Only complaint?  One voice actor in particular seems so out of place; one of the teenagers sounds like a narrator for a commercial.  No idea why they chose that VA for that character."
,Recommended,319630,16904476,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TheReaper'sSin,"Where do I even begin? Life is Strange is a thrilling tale of a girl who finds herself in a very unorthodox situation where she can reverse time to a certain extent and cause butterfly effects.The story is absolutely captivating. Throughout the entire series, your goal is to uncover the dark secrets of your school, Blackwell Acadamy, as well as to find a missing girl named Rachel Amber. However with a bit of a twist, you also have to figure out how to prevent an enormous tornado/hurricane from hitting Arcadia Bay, your home town. The entire game is an emotional thrill ride as all sorts of crazy things begin to happen, and Max's life is turned from upside down to inside out real quick. Plot twists and a lack of plot holes make this game phenominal.There is a sort of hipster style to it with a mix of geek/nerd culture. Lots of movie, game, etc. type references. Unlike some games like it, the choices you make really affect what goes on in the story, and they are really well thought out. From preventing the death of a fellow student, all the way to getting necessary info.Characters are amazingly thought out. Each of them has a personality unique to them. No cardboard, boring characters. The awesome and mischievous punk friend Chloe, to the geeky love struck Warren. There are some generic ones, like the ""bro"" jocks/meat heads, and of course the super b**** of the school.The art style and soundtrack of the game are incredibly pleasing. Both really know how to set the tone and atmosphere of the whole game. From really relaxing music to exciting music that will make you tense in the right situation, this game does it very well. The additional aspect of taking little photos throught each episode is also a neat little thing for completionists.The game can also be, however, pretty dark as it sometimes focuses on some very real dramatic situations. Both soul touching and epic, I say I am perfectly thrilled by the series.Overall this game is a wonderful experience. Great characters, art style, soundtrack, story, and more. While it can be dark, it can also be cheerful and bright. Not to mention the game is great right out of the box, not a single bug on any of the episodic releases from my experience. Great for keyboard or gamepad, too. My biased score would be a 10/10, and my critic review would have to give it a 9.5, because as perfect as this game is I know that some people would really despise the sort of hipster-esque character of Max, and if you miss something you'd have to go back and replay an entire episode which will reset your choices for that episode."
,Recommended,319630,16916697,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mortalmen,"#LifeIsStrange is my most ABSOLUTE favorite Game of All TIME. This game brings so many things that games wish they had. The Game unlike TellTale Games brings you choices that not only effect the Present or Future, but even the past. The main charecter Max, she has an unique ability to reverse time, to fix mistakes, see the outcome of her choices, and anythign you want to change. Max's best friend Chloe, who she hasn't seen for years, reunite and they try to push the limits of her amazing power. They soon discover a consequence when she over uses her powers, she gets a bloody noise, gets deasy, and might faint. But through out the story Max has this visions the town will be destroyed by giant tornadoe. After convicing Chloe of Super Powers, they try to see what this visions mean. This game is the best agme there is.Graphics: 10/10Story: 10/10Charecters:10/10The Game 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10Small spell check: (07/30/2015)"
,Recommended,319630,16943467,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,3D Sound Projection Hacks,"You want the truthful review about Life is Strange™?It is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing,"
,Recommended,319630,16811183,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Gorgeous Georgeous,Absoulutly stunning and heart warming/renching game...
76561198046558089,Recommended,319630,16755096,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Baeyatta,"Please notice that I have only played up to episode 3 of Life is Strange.To start I want to say that this game (so far) has some of the most beautiful and meaningful soundtrack choices I have ever heard. do yourself a favor and go listen to ""Lua"" by Bright Eyes (I can't stop listening to it). Though the visual style could been seen as a little dated, I personally like its charm and oil painting-esk accents. The characters are beautiful and show a nice range of emotion (though can be stiff).BUT NOTHING IN THIS GAME CAN EVEN TOUCH THE VOICE ACTING! The visuals, sound, and atmosphere are fantastic but fall short to the absolutely brilliant cast of actors that bring this engrossing story to life! At first many of the characters in this game seem very cut and paste but after some investment (and maybe a couple rewinds...) you find deep rooted connections between everyone and everything!If you are looking for a beautiful story, you will find one.If you are looking for an emotional journey, you will find one.If you are looking for something that will make you laugh and contemplate how strange life is...You will absoluetly find it!I love this game  with a passion (could you tell?) and hope that you will find the joy that I have in this incredible experience! If you don't want to jump for the whole set do your self a favor and give the first episode a try!Side note I bought this during the sale... but I would go back and pay for it twice over at full price and be just as happy!"
,Recommended,319630,18589471,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,"Wow, the adventure of this 5 part story was absoloutely fantastic! The story and ideas are so unique and well written out and planned, loved every second of the game! The feels from this game are too strong. Highly recommend, great price for the story. 10/10 from me!!!Edit: The soundtrack is awesome too!"
76561197965922772,Recommended,319630,16896439,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,]LoL[ Noleader,This game deserves all the high praise it received.
,Recommended,319630,16887254,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Captain Daddy,Fantastic Game 10/10
,Recommended,319630,16911041,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,AnzA,"{This review contains some minor spoilers about the story. Nothing bigger, but do notify this warning.}________________________________________________________________Im not sure if Life is Strange is either the best story-driven game I've played, or even overall one of the best games I have ever played.Life is Strange traditions the very same fashion of dialoque and quick time events as Telltale's games tend to do and delivers them well and stylishly.The game is split in seasons and currently has 3 of 5 available.__________________________________________________About story, mechanics and setting:Life is strange follows the story of 18 year-old Max Caulfield, who recently moved from Seattle, back to Arcadia Bay, where she lived her childhood.  Arcadia Bay is a completely fictional place, but it is located in Oregon in the game's story.Rumors have it that the Town is inspired by Newport - Oregon.Max got accepted into Arcadia Bay's Blackwell Academy. Following her passion towards photography, she studies it as her main subject.It is not all easy for Max and she is getting bullied like many others in the Academy.Teenage life drama and daily struggles with school and personal life... Yep, I think many of us have been there.A rather normal American High School story right?..... but this is where it gets strange.Max witnesses a ""hallucination"" type of seizure and afterwards gains the ability to rewind time backwards.  Not by long timelines, but enough to redo some of the recently done actions.This time rewind ability is a core mechanic of the game and allows the player to redo, plan and retime their latest actions. No matter if you fail to do something or if you are not satisfied with the outcome, just relax, rewind and rethink.This mechanic is very well tied to the story and a very important part of it. The time rewind is not the only thing affecting outcomes, but all the player decisions, actions and little tasks create different scenarios and reactions / relationships with different people.I have to say that Life is Strange works for me the same way as a netflix marathon works for many others.  It is highly addictive and highly immersive.Tension in this builds up quite nicely aswell. Something big is truly about to happen. It's all normal life, but there is something eerie there....I cannot remember the last time i got so emotionally attached to in-game characters and addicted to the storytelling, atmosphere and setting.Life is Strange also has a rather personal impact on myself, since I was bullied in school for years for being different and went through a similar pattern of drama in my life.The character and story development of the game is in my opinion almost perfectly designed, paced and executed. The game feels handcrafted, yet polished to the maximum.The current time period of the 21st century shows in the game and a lot of current real life references and topics are noticeable.I really have to praise the character development again and especially the two main characters, Max Caulfield and Chloe Price. Both being very unique and presenting the group of people that have the courage to stand from the crowds and to be independent.Chloe is Max's best childhood friend, whom she meets again after moving back to Arcadia Bay.  I wont spoil any details about this however.Im not sure what is it about the atmoshpere that feels so perfect to me.  Maybe it's just the location, music and the theme combined.  Outside of the school-life sections, Max travels in a number of different places in Arcadia Bay and the way Dontnod Games portrayed the nature, people, daily life and the feeling of freedom just gets me.And yes the ""Grunge - ish"" indie rock soundtrack fits in the game like that long Tetris block into that horizontal pad.There is some broken english here and there, but mostly the voice acting works well.I don't use subtitles in this as I think they break the immersion a bit, but I can see subs being a good option for many others.----------------------------------------------Overall, in my opinion Life is Strange is almost perfectly written and developed casual story game and I can't see any reason not to recommend it.Life is Strange deals with some very grim♥♥♥♥♥♥ but has a big heart :)."
76561197990574799,Recommended,319630,16532077,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Enaz,"It's quite a rare thing for me these days to start a game and get so wrapped up in it that I lose track of time as a mantra “I need to find out what happens next” reverberates in my mind,  but that’s exactly what’s happened here.I started playing this at 7pm and couldn’t put it down until I completed my first set of choices over all 3 episodes currently available at 5am. This game feels very much like The longest Journey Dreamfall at times were it compels me to interact with every possible object in a scene to try receive a quirky response from the heroine Max. The heroine’s superpower/abilities consist of a simple yet effectively used mechanic that plays/feel like a mash up of Prince of Persia and Remember Me.Liking the current direction of this project and looking forward to future releases of episode 4 and 5 to come.On a final note DAM YOU GAME DEVS FOR LEAVING THIS GAME ON SUCH A HUGE CLIFFHANGER! Now I must wait to find out what happens next."
,Recommended,319630,16532504,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,urod,this game gave me depression10/10
76561198030773672,Recommended,319630,16748647,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ActuallyItsCady,"Amazing game! I can not recommend this enough. If you like games where you can see the evidence of your actions as you play, then this game is for you. This will make you question even the smallest of decisions and if you are like me, will make you wonder about the choices you make in your day to day life and how they affect the real world. It is a beautifully made, thought provoking, story-heavy game about friendship, love, and the future."
76561197992674373,Recommended,319630,16742507,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,>tfw,"This game is amazing. It's like stepping back into the 90's.the storyline gets pretty real at some points too, made me want to lock myself in my room for 3 hours and write poems."
,Recommended,319630,16771415,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zander,"I typically don't buy story-based games where every step you take is laid out for you. Episodic, choice based games aren't things I like playing, but rather watching. My logic is normally why buy a story based game when you can watch it on YouTube? I started watching Life is Strange when I was bored one night. I started with Episode 2 because I hadn't planned on falling head-over-heals in love with this game. After watching someone play all of Episode 2 I had to watch Episode 1. After watching it, I knew it was something I had to own, to play endless hours of, to make every desicion in the game 3 times and investigate everything. This game isn't something that you can satisfy with a youtue series on the game, you have to play it. and replay it and make the unpopular choices and the moral ones. the in-character desicions and the terribly out of character ones. You have to look at every detail, open every drawer, read all the graffiti. This game is unlike any other story based, episodic, choices-matter game I've ever heard of ad I highly highly reccomend it to everyone."
,Recommended,319630,16764402,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dat Viking,"This is an unique story driven game, kinda like telltale the walking dead series,but your choices matters to the storyline in life is strange. (pre-episode 5, rip)One of the best game of 201511/10Bacon omelette or Belgian waffleChoose wisely"
,Recommended,319630,20045282,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Junior,"Life is Strange is an episodic third person choice-based graphic drama adventure game developed by Dontnod Entertainment, published by Square Enix and consists of five episodes released in 2015.In Life is Strange you play as Maxine Caulfield, a photography student at Blackwell Academy who discovers a special ability that has consequences for the choices you make and enacts the butterfly effect.When Max has foreseen an approaching storm towards the town Arcadia Bay in her blackout, Max must take on the responsibility to prevent this storm from destroying the town.If that is not enough, Max also starts to investigate the missing of a fellow school student Rachel Amber, accompanied by her long-not-seen best friend Chloe Price who was also befriend with Rachel.The actions made in Life is Strange will adjust the narrative as it unfolds each episode.Throughout the game you have to accomplish errands (fetch quests), solving puzzles, making environmental changes and using branching choices for conversations in order to make progress through the story.Life is Strange felt like a new type of game for me, making choices that change the outcome makes you think twice before you act and take on the responsibilities way more.The fact that you can change the outcome makes the story itself feel less linear.Life is Strange has a very high quality of art, character voice-acting and music like modern indie-pop/folk which suits very well to the emotional and dramatic game.Even the interaction with Max her diary, photobook and her smartphone made me feel more connected to the ongoing background events and are very well and creatively done!I consider Life is Strange as one of the best created and unique games of 2015!It is a must have and a piece of art when it comes to the story, characters, interactions and atmosphere which makes the game feel quite real.I highly recommend you buying Life is Strange when you are looking for adventure, drama, puzzling and mystery, even when it is not on sale it is still hella worth your money!"
76561198158720455,Recommended,319630,19768425,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LCRGRUNT,"Life is Strange is one of those games that some people try to avoid, since it's a story-telling, but first lookings can(surely) be deceiving. It has a very good rhythm and you really fell like the story progresses as you play the game, getting to its climax in episode 4. Moreover, it would be mistake if failed to mention the soundtrack, which is in my opinion the best aspect in the game, the developers trully have taken a great effort to chose each music for each moment, making this game a unique experience and one of the best games of the year."
,Recommended,319630,16849017,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Robbie Rotten,"This is my first review on steam. I thought about this game for a long time before I decided to purchase it. I'd seen the reviews and decided that when it went on sale I would buy an episode, After playing for a couple minutes I quickly regretted not getting the whole series. I only play a game maybe an hour a night, and it's been this one for a while. The decisions and consequences are very well done, as well as the story. The graphics aren't perfect, but in their own way they work to help the story progress. I would and have recommend this game to pretty much everyone. It holds your attention and gives you a playable television show. I have two save files, and I am still enthralled with everything.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,21697263,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Staring Into Pudding,Life Is Strange is an amazing game with a complex story and great stylized graphics that will have you immersed in the world of Arcadia Bay. I don't know if I've ever been affected by a game as much Life Is Strange. Can't recommend it enough!
,Recommended,319630,17496860,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Big ol' Doints,"Only played the first three episodes so far, but I love it.  Your choices really matter, I loved Wolf Among Us, but never felt the need to play it twice, I can already see this game needing at least two playthroughs.  Every room is full of stuff to examine to really get into the main characters perspective.  I was more emotionally invested by the end of the first episode than I was throughout the entire first season of Walking Dead.  The only negatives I find worth mentioning all stem from the dialog, it's far from the worst in videogame history and I guess it's translated from French so it's excuseable to a point.  It just seems to be written by someone well past their teens who did their research by watching Mean Girls and looking up memes.  And those damn ""selfie"" puns in the beginning, barf.  It was really only an issue in the beginning though, I don't want to end with an insult, just play the game."
76561198115814550,Recommended,319630,14330147,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Klaat,Loved the first episode and can't wait to play the rest of them!
,Recommended,319630,16008057,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,James Roll,I hated every single character in this game and wanted them to die.They died.
76561198034615810,Recommended,319630,24501538,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TerrorTurtle46™,"Damn, episode 3 got me so ♥♥♥♥ed in the end :OThis game deserves a Steam Award so bad!"
,Recommended,319630,21715231,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TarzanUSP,One of the best games of 2015. Buy it!
,Recommended,319630,18474529,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,kl0wn c|T,"Awesome story, good music. Plays like a TV show, its pretty simple and has a lot of choices you can make. Favorite game I've played this year, can't wait for episode 5."
,Recommended,319630,17516455,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Zoey Solana,"This game needs to be sold with a box of tissues. Life Is Strange is an emotional rollercoaster of a game, but not in a bad way. The game makes the player care about the other characters, and make decisions that impact the outcome of the future. Life Is Strange is a must-play game. It has a story that will leave you speechless at every plot twist. I highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,319630,18935635,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Upsala,"An interactive story experience, both beautiful and touching. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,20261487,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Exarch,"GO: If you like a well-told story.NO: If you can't stand yet another episodic adventure, if teenage drama seriously puts you off or if you are afraid a game might cause you to feel.Well-acted and beautifully rendered, Life is Strange juxtaposes an everyday setting of teenage drama against an impeding apocalypse. Every action has a consequence, and the protagonists power/curse to rewind time often forces you to choose between one of several evils. It's not only my choices, though, but those of everyone around me, that brought up tears or cries of anguish at several points throughout the story.Unfortunately, some of the episodes feature pointless search sequences, but even those could hardly reduce the stellar impression Life is Strange made on me.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,20313879,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KittenX0Mittens,"best story game i have ever played, it honestly made me cry a few times and i would recomend it to anyone 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,20271804,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Space Jesus,"10/10 Wonderful, Marvelous, Fantastic.But one question,For what the power had been given to her?"
,Recommended,319630,18764298,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Buddhist Hot Dog Vendor,"If you hate amazing voice acting, riveting storytelling and uniquely relatable characters this game is not for you!There is not much else to say, what many other reviews already do, except maybe that this game is NOT perfect. But for all it's flaws it makes up tenfold with so much more good than bad; and this makes you want to go back and continue playing. While I am not a person who replays a game as soon as it's done, this game has a lot of replay value, even if it's just to see what other reaction you can coax out of a person by choosing a different dialogue option.I can recommend this game to anyone who likes video games or movies or anything with a narrative.Grade: A-(turns back time)Grade: A+"
,Recommended,319630,29303816,Posted: 16 January,all,Snus,"One of the most emotional videogames I ever played, being on par with To The Moon, Brothers and Walking Dead (season 1) in that regards. Even if you think you are a tough man, this game will make you cry!Moreover, it has a better gameplay than most of the other movie-games. And you can actually rewind time to change your choices! Finally, while the main storyline doesn't change much, your smaller choices do matter here.The first episode is free - give it a try. And I promise each of the following episodes is better than the previous one."
,Recommended,319630,29805696,Posted: 9 February,all,Doomed To Walk The Earth,"10 of 10 would cry again.Extraordinary piece of art in one game.Amazing soundtracktoo, i m still listening to it.."
,Recommended,319630,14297882,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,"Dont flash me, i have epilepsy","wow, just wow!"
,Recommended,319630,15410444,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Egal Tacon,Awesome Game. Can't wait for next episode
,Recommended,319630,15029632,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Xavyer91,Addicting storyline :)
76561197966103458,Recommended,319630,18601403,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zerion,Very good start of the Game. But the last Episode (5) is no worthy End of the Game. Too bad.But the Game setting and the Idea of the Game was great.
,Recommended,319630,28484261,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xToY Soldier 09.18.2016,They should cuz this ♥♥♥♥ing awesome 10/10
,Recommended,319630,15174644,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,jwph,"I've just finished episode 1 and it took willpower to not just start the next one.  This is a very powerful game in terms of character, story and just raw emotion.  I'm so glad the devs waited for someone to pick them up instead of compromising their vision like I had heard some wanted and I'm glad Square Enix gave them a chance.This game illustrates some things I rarely see in games nowadays: interesting play on game mechanics, solid storytelling, interesting empathetic characters and a very real vibe to the world.  The work that must have gone into the locations designs and keeping all of the branching story straight must have been a real undertaking.It also stood out to me that the game really has characters that don't fall into the typical stereotypes: there are both men and women overweight but they don't play up the characters like we've been conditioned to think about them, same goes for races or even just visual/label stereotypes about someone.  There's a cheerleader but they didn't make her your typical valley girl airhead stereotype.  All of the characters have depth and substance beyond what you would think.While ""your actions influence the story later"" and the major game mechanic (I'm avoiding saying what it is because it's spoilery) both have been done before, together it feels like something new.  The main game mechanic is handled in an interesting way and it's core to the story and main character.I reeeeally look forward to the rest of the installments in this."
,Recommended,319630,16604765,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Melinoe,"DONNIE DARKO-EQSUE GRAPHIC ADVENTURE WITH GREAT CHARACTER DEPTH, DECISIONS SEEM TO AFFECT THE ATMOSPHERE AND ENVIRONMENT BUT NOT THE BASE PLOT.THE GRAPHICS/MUSIC/ATMOSPHERE OF THE GAME ARE SUPERB, THOUGH THE VOICES/FORCED-SUBTITLES/MOUTHS ARE NOT SYNCED PERFECTLY.HAS MYSTERY, SUPER POWERS, TEENAGERS, AN AMAZING FEMALE PROTAGONIST NAMED MAX, AND SUPER KOOL PUNX GIRL CHLOE."
,Recommended,319630,19937434,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,i dont work with ashyru anymore,holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,14365086,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Flexi,"Excellent music, relatable characters....already I've been roped in. I can't wait for the next episode."
76561197998325264,Recommended,319630,18111736,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,AssHat,Now I understand teen girl drama
,Recommended,319630,15896466,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,xLaliTeR,Very nice!!
,Recommended,319630,27399283,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CONVERSION ツ,"Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god is this game amazing. 100% worth the whole game, easily worth $19.99, and as it's on sale at $4.99, just get it already. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,319630,14938740,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gaige,hella
,Recommended,319630,30057498,Posted: 20 February,all,S.,Perfect.
,Recommended,319630,16978759,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,bae yoobin pls,"changed and ruined my life at the same time, need episode 4. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,15036332,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Camega,"I'm a big fan of episodic story-telling games like The Walking Dead, Tales from the Borderlands and the like so I decided to give this a shot, expecting something less than that.Oh man, was I proven wrong. The story is fantastic, realistic, it's dark and gritty and it's not afraid to hit you with the reality of some sensitive topics and bring it to your lap to deal with.The choices in the game are seemingly limitless, the consistent symbol of the game is the butterfly, a reference to the butterfly effect and rightly so. Small actions you do in the game that you might not think about will impact your story and how it progresses. If you don't pay attention, you might find some things come back to bite you. Yes or no choices are far and few in this game, and the topics are complex enough to leave you thinking about how to proceed with few choices being the obvious good girl or bad girl approach.Long and short is buy this game and bring a box of tissues, cause it's about to get emotionally intense up in your screen if you buy this."
,Recommended,319630,15192224,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BorgeJ,"I just finished playing  Vanishing of Ethan Clarke and was sort of looking for the same type of game. I just finished episode two and wow, where the mentioned game lacked in gameplay situation options, ""Life Is Strange"" seriously takes it to a new level of playability. The game is beautiful and thruthfull and the choices you make really matters in the game. This making this story the most dynamically adventure storytelling game I have ever encountered. I felt like I was watching a movie where I could decide the outcome of situations, I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of adventure games and good storytelling. I can't wait for the next episode to come out."
76561198027432378,Recommended,319630,18939885,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,J. Cizzle,"If you love decision making and story based games (think fallout conversation choices on a whole other level) this is absolutely the game for you. Very engaging story with no distracting graphics or bugs. Fair warning, it is very very dark and a rollercoaster ride of emotions, but totally worth it"
,Recommended,319630,17202768,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Communist Gandalf,"If you played telltale games, you will love this game.Choices does matter, and this time for real.After playing Episode 5, i can truly say this is one of the best (or even the best) game in this genre.You*ll hella (sry chloe) love it!"
,Recommended,319630,16946929,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,madpauly,"Ignore the bad lip-synching, ignore the seemingly dated 3D modelling. This is a must-have for anyone who enjoyed games such as TellTale's ""The Walking Dead"", or anyone who remembers ""Twin Peaks"". Set in the seeming idyll of the Pacific Northwest, ""Life Is Strange"" tells the story of Maxene Caulfield, a photography student who finds herself blessed (or cursed) with a power to rewind time. Will she discover the secrets lurking in the corridors of Blackwell Academy, and can she help her friend Chloe find the missing Rachel Amber?This is a game where choice truly matters. With a gripping story which will have all but the most stone-hearted running through a whole gamut of emotion and beautiful, mellow music which reminds me of the soundtrack to ""Juno"", this feels as much a coming-of-age movie as a video game. I already find myself wanting the next episoderight now- if the first three are anything to go by, I'm certainly not disappointed with my decision to purchase a season pass. Just hoping it has a happy ending - this game has already had me tearing up more than the two whole seasons of Telltale's ""Walking Dead""."
76561198057373369,Recommended,319630,14269856,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tobi,"""Life Is Strange"" is simply just a great game."
76561198059181622,Recommended,319630,20138973,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Monk,"Very emotional game regardless of the story being predictable and nothing new. I honestly thught the game was worth it. Brought me so much emotion, tears and just those feels! It was a journey that any gamer should take. I loved it!"
76561198149214072,Recommended,319630,20077168,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ACPrime2000,"Awesomely amazing game! Very descision-based and story driven. The only problem with this game is that it doesn't really deliver the story through gameplay, like most awesome games, rather, it delivers it through cut-scenes. Even thats great though, simply because they look great, flow easily, and are at least a little interactive.If you don't already have this game, buy it now. Full price or on sale, this game is worth it."
,Recommended,319630,20047407,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NO ONE ELSE CAN FEEL IT FOR YOU,"At first I played this by game by less then legitimate means, however after episode 3 I enthusiasticallybought this game, why? Because this is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game I have ever played in my goddamn life. This game made me laugh, it made me gasp, it pushed me tears. The Walking Dead has got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this. You need to buy this game.I won't lie, I pirated this game at first. After episode 3 I bought this game, why? Because this is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game I have ever played in my goddamn life. This game made me laugh, it made me gasp, it pushed me tears. The Walking Dead has got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this. You need to buy this game."
,Recommended,319630,19544539,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MooX,"It's the first time I feel so involved in a narrative game, the choices really count and the back-in-time feature makes it more than a simple story. If it was a movie or a series I don't think that the script would be so interesting, this is thanks to its gameplay features that the game becomes passionating.It's an evidence that there is some questionnable story parts that seem to be uneven compared to the rest, but globally it stays for me as a masterpiece that will durabily stay in my gamer experience. Thanks Don't Nod for this wonderful game."
,Recommended,319630,19865403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Th3Flood,10/10 Would Rewind Again
76561198028130769,Recommended,319630,20127537,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sparky,"By far the best episodic game that I have played so far. This is a must have game. It starts very dull as a simple teenager who starts college and all the problems that come up with adapting to the new enviroment, but the characters that are depicted and created afterwards are marvelous."
76561198121285815,Recommended,319630,14267805,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,WittyAsian94,"I can always trust Square Enix to produce a great game. I love story based choice and consequence games. Life is Strange so far has diven into a great story revolving around an ordinary girl who discovers a yet to explained mysterious power (no spoilers: but the trailer does basically explain what it is if you haven't seen it yet). Yet, the story is much more than just a strange discovery. It delves into how this power affects the girl's everyday life and how she can change it. Screw it, her power is the ability to rewind time. It's more than just a simple choice and consequence game because it allows you to see how all of the other choices play out before making your final choice. Some choices you won't even cause their consequence until the story is past further than you can redo, forcing you to see go back and the different outcomes. Overall, I'm excited for the rest of the episodes to come out."
,Recommended,319630,17278649,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Grisela,"This game changed my life. A must-buy 9.5/10. (There are some bugs)Buy the First episode and if you like the game, buy the season pass (2-5)"
,Recommended,319630,20015040,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sick mind.,"Great game, great soundtrack. Recommended !"
,Recommended,319630,15701600,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MORIツ,"One of the best ""interactive Films"" I ever played.Hope more will come ^^"
76561198014875960,Recommended,319630,20030754,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FUCKTHEPOPULATION,Dem feels though... :(((
,Recommended,319630,20024101,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,danimals,this game makes me wet (thats how good it is)
,Recommended,319630,14502207,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,rukawa,reminds me so much about beyond two souls and heavy rain! loved it!
,Recommended,319630,14533937,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"** Review needs to be updated. It was written as of the release of the first episode. **I have to say I am really excited for the other episodes of this game to be released. I was captivated from the beginning and really enjoy the play style even though it is unlike any other game I've played. I had seen a lot of advertising for this game and the concept seemed really intriguing, so I gave it a chance. If you're curious about this game as I was, I recommend going ahead and giving it a try. It really is a phenomenal experience. This game has the ability to create memorable and deep characters in the span of the 2 or 3 hours this first part takes. I'll be playing through again to change a couple of things I missed."
,Recommended,319630,14273936,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sniper Wolf,"I've only played the first episode so far, so I havent seen what consequences come from my different choices yet but it was a really good story and does a good job of building characters and backstory. I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of these episodes as they are released."
,Recommended,319630,14429114,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Yunyun,11/10This entire game is beautiful. I love everything about it.
,Recommended,319630,15197702,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,azurebluephoenix,I`ll assume everything I do has consequences.This game had been a blast. Can`t wait for episode 3. Played both eps with a friend over screenshare and it was incredibly fun. Great story and exciting choices... Haven`t had this much fun in a long time :)
,Recommended,319630,15296113,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,mololabo,Life is strange.But Life Is Strange is stranger still.
76561197998743523,Recommended,319630,15332190,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The|AshBringer,"Great game, good sory."
,Recommended,319630,15738630,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,crazybuck,"It's something unique. Just give it a shot and you'll get one of the best games ever:) I absolutely recommend ""Life is strange"" to everyone:)The game gets better and better with each episode. The 4th one blew my mind. I'm really afraid of what's gonna be in the final one :D"
,Recommended,319630,31073976,Posted: 11 April,all,RepellantTube45,"Awesome game but the ""other"" ending doesn't feel like one"
76561198102761191,Recommended,319630,14733290,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Invadergrr1,"One of the best games of 2015 for me so far, really enjoyed episode 1.Pros:-Relatable Characters.-Great first episode.-Great character design.Cons:-Some minor texture glitches.-Action selection can be confusing with the mouse dragging.After completeing the game I have decided to give a little conclusion to my review. To say the least this game is great and I would say it is a rival to any telltale game.Pros:-Amazing and original story, looks like a teen drama at first but turns into an awesome mystery/thriller, I was hard-pressed to find any cliche moments.-Great characters, everyone in this game feels relatively realistic granted some of the slang is a little odd even when I am around the same age as the major characters (This is easy to ignore)-Never found any low points that bored me from playing, something is always going down in this game.Cons:Same as first set of cons but with one addition-stupid picture focus minigame (luckily a new patch allows you to auto-focus skipping the minigame but trust me you will know what I am talking about if you decide to play.)"
,Recommended,319630,15714862,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Timmy,"An interesting game that will keep you busy for a few hours.It's essentially a story driven adventure game, and it's story and character progression is pretty good.Updated episode 3-4.Episode 3 is probably the best in the series, the amount of plot content, and how much you can abuse the rewind ability to use other people's answers to 2nd guess info on them etc. it's also one of the first episodes where your choices are having, unexpected results on the reality around you, and dat ending though. Episode 4 has a high benchmark to beat this one.Episode 4 continues the trend, it's the penultimate episode so as you can imagine it's an information full episode, the ending lets you see who one of the main players in plot is; the person who probably (although it may not be) killed girls in the storyline, the ending also puts max's life in serious doubt, episode 5 will have to be something spectacular to beat the others, and i imagine it will be if it follows the route of the other 4."
76561198076275907,Recommended,319630,15719618,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,No,Each episode has you sitting on the edge of your sit. You wonder whats gonna happen next and can't wait for the next episode.
,Recommended,319630,14244637,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kke,And I've always wondered what it's like to be a (sort of) hipster teenage girl with superpowers and hipster-emo friends. Seems cool enough.Shame I gotta wait until March for the next part
,Recommended,319630,14248971,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tom,"Got the first chapter because i had a spare £4 in my steam wallet. Great purchuse and I will almost definitely be buying the next 4 in the near future.Do not listen to the people saying this is basically a movie, its not, there are many different paths to take. Of course its hard to tell how distinictive they are before the rest of the chapters come out, however there are alot of sub-plots with some difficult decisions that I feel are going to have a massive toll on the last few chapters of the game."
,Recommended,319630,31067758,Posted: 10 April,all,MissMikko,"Beautiful, heartbreaking, funny, engaging and deep. I love this game! If you like TellTale games, I'd give this a try!"
76561197991165796,Recommended,319630,14262202,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,geNe,"The story is as rich as it is addictive. You don't just wanna get lost in this world, you wanna stay lost. Recommended."
,Recommended,319630,14272100,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,BobbyBReal ☩ Lupi ex Maria,"YES. SO MUCH YES.It's like walking dead without the fear or constant death. You'd think that rewinding would make decisions easier, buit it just makes them that much more gut wrenching. Awesome sauce."
,Recommended,319630,14289789,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,^ ^2👌Pjz_,saved a bird from dying10/10 ign
,Recommended,319630,14290093,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,POOTS,This game is aFantasticPeice ofwork.If you have 5$ do notPass on this opporotunityto own such aGreatgame.The graphics arebeautifuland the game isvery relaxingI doIndeedrecommend this game.
76561198128324285,Recommended,319630,15510761,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Foxy McCool,"I do not play story games, but bruh this game is amazing. i dont think any story game can beat this."
,Recommended,319630,25050487,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Asemcem,This game is awesome !
,Recommended,319630,25121768,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,bozzer123,Just rediculously good
,Recommended,319630,25137433,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Comtact,There was a deer. Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. IGN 7/11
76561198081660229,Recommended,319630,25270026,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,CrazyAlex,"Really cool adventure with one special feature - time rewind. It could sound like ""nothing-new-under-the-sun"" and you can affraid it would bore you, but this really won't happen! The graphics is very catchy and the story is very good served. Have to buy other episodes! :-)"
,Recommended,319630,25210159,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[IGM]><kw!z!T,Probably one of the best games I've played in years. Would recommend anyone playing this at least once.
,Recommended,319630,25248736,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Neo,Butterfly Effect The Game plus feels.A lot of feels.
76561198047239010,Recommended,319630,30732195,Posted: 25 March,all,louis_takidjo,right in the feels
,Recommended,319630,19150276,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,S u r e,ultimately the best game i have ever played
76561198117849989,Recommended,319630,30431319,Posted: 10 March,all,Howl23,Best squirrel mechanics 10/10
76561198015537750,Recommended,319630,22451565,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,AUTSuicideGoat42,"Life is strange is one of the best games I have ever played. It's the most emotional game I ever played and to be honest I had to cry a few times. Every decission you make has consiquences and some of them are really heavy, so you often want to change some of those you cant change. After all this is a great game thats totally worth buying."
,Recommended,319630,16695291,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Doc Boc,"Whilst there is a LOT of profanity, if that bothers you, the concept behind the game is absolutely terrific. Make a choice and watch what happens. As in real life, whenever you make a choice, it will affect your life; unlike real life, in this game, you have the power to rewind time and choose again and again and again until you've quenched your curiousity. The characters are very well thought out and you definitely do not expect what happens (unless you are attentive to the subtle hints dropped by characters like David).Would recommend it for the 'what you choose impacts the game' feel, the mystery teen drama and the story.EDIT: Ever since the Episode 4 reveal omg what 10/10 want a Season 2.EDIT II: Playing the season again and it still has replay value. Pun absolutely intended. Also, the game may look easy and unengaging but trust me when you try to get 100% (achievements, different endings and character infomation) this game becomes quite difficult at times."
,Recommended,319630,24989088,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,paddel-xo-,Emotionally thrilling with an incredible soundtrack. My favorite game of the past years.
,Recommended,319630,30869829,Posted: 1 April,all,Spoon,"I'm lost for words. Just finished playing ... and, oh man, such a journey, such an emotional ride. I loved every bit of it, even tho I feel like crying.This IS the best game i've played and i'm not even kidding!"
76561198162523013,Recommended,319630,19719272,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sovvy Boi,10/10 beat more than once x3 This actually made me think of life alittle and makes me think twice on my perspectives.
76561198031995307,Recommended,319630,17898877,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,tomservodoctor42,"I've heard some people talk about how the characters in this game are exagerated and doesn't really represent the way our current generation speaks or acts.  Well you know how you look back at a movie or show from the 1980s or '90s and say, ""that is so 80s/90s""?  20-30 years from now, someone will play this game and and say ""that is so 2010s.""  And they'll be right.  I sometimes wonder how the this generation's asthetic will be remembered, I'd say that this is it.  Contemporary pieces like this represent how we see the world, not how it is.  This story is, at heart, about a teenager who's trying to figure out who she's going to be, and how she'll get there.  It's a relatable struggle, and it's all told through a game that is pleasant to watch, hear, and play."
,Recommended,319630,17859455,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Littlejitter,Trust no one. Expext the unexpected. This game shed my soul apart.P/S: Lesbo Max is da best. :P
76561198000455767,Recommended,319630,16559055,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gizfucius,"Gorgeous, immersive, and gives old school adventure gamers the instant gratification of answering the question of ""What would've happened if I did this differently?"". Better yet, you can investigate things and retain the knowledge without leaving any evidence of having touched anything. Say something stupid? Rewind! And still, because you can't see the long term consequences of your actions, which means replayability!Not only does this game have a great concept, it also has been executed really well, with a clear interface. The main character is not just a pretty girl - she has opinions, she is a teen, she has her anxieties. The writers of the game follow the classic storytelling rule ""show, don't tell"" to give us insights about her personality. Just clicking and looking at the world will tell you not only about the environment, but also about how she feels about it. Also, I can't help it, but an 18-year-old artsy female protagonist does remind me of April Ryan - and that, Maxine Caulfield, is a flattering association!My only issue with the game was the fact how quickly Max got used to the idea of being able to rewind time. I understand that for the sake of gameplay, the writers felt they had to speed it up a little, but I honestly would not have minded.This game should be the future of movies."
76561198199097303,Recommended,319630,16568667,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sarah Dactyl,Very entertaining!
,Recommended,319630,14393647,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kirk,"Life Is Strange is the first episodic game that I've played and it by far is one of my top favorite games now. The story is very touching and well written. I can't wait to start playing the other eps, it is by far a game to check out. I highly recommend it to anyone, even if you think episodic/novel games aren't your thing. You will enjoy it! =D"
76561198041529360,Recommended,319630,16571542,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,anithiasafreedom,"This game is a masterpiece, not just in integrating player choice, but also in taking an interesting concept- the idea of being able to go back and change one's own actions- and running with it into the sunset.  Unlike some other ""choice-based"" games, the universe doesn't feel like it's running on rails without you; your decisions leave a very real impression upon the world, sometimes coming back to bite you or help you in a key juncture where your time-bending powers can't save you, and after a key decision leave you wondering just what you've changed down the road.Rather than having cookie-cutter good-or-evil choices, the game goes one step further and sometimes makes you choose whom to side with in a confrontation between two characters who are both in the wrong.  It does an amazing job of leaving you paralyzed by the weight of your decisions, which is interesting considering one of the main mechanics of the game is being able to reverse your own choices.  The fact that the game can take a mechanic which renders the player almost godlike in power and yet leave them feeling frustrated and helpless in the face of the world does an amazing job of putting players in the shoes of Max, a teen on the cusp of adulthood who, in spite of finding agency for the first time, feels scared and frustrated by the sudden responsibility she's found thrown upon her shoulders.The writing is magnificent, the characters are rich and multidimensional, and the visuals are completely stunning- so much that you want to join Max in photographing the beauty of Arcadia Bay.  You become invested in this world, celebrating every triumph and feeling the guilt of your failures... including some truely devastating consequences of decisions made in good faith.  This game is everything that Telltale Games' Game of Thrones should have been, and I can't wait for the last two segments."
76561197976179853,Recommended,319630,16565864,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Br[ill],"Look, I'm going to keep this short.This game is incredible. The atmosphere and feel of the game are just so genuine. You can't help but get absorbed by it.I just finished episode one. I'm tempted to binge play this game but I'm going to slow down a bit and really savor it. I am sad that I have to eventually progress through this story until it is over. It hurts to know it will eventually end.It's like a great book that you can't help but read, knowing that eventually you have to wake up. And that's bittersweet... but isn't that what great stories are for?"
76561197999523506,Recommended,319630,16573147,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Crimson,I don't usually write reviews however after finishing Ep. 3 I feel as if it is necessary to write the following. A well written narritve should have characters that are easily understoond as well as contain elements in the story that knock the wind out of the consumer. This game does just that. After playing Life is Strange it becomes apparent these characters have issues. Whether you love or hate these individuals the sheer experience they share is chilling. Life is Strange is a true masterpiece of a narrative and an instant classic in the time travel sci-fi community.
76561198078306047,Recommended,319630,16547927,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lazer Satin,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm enjoying this game and all it's decision making and ""AH ♥♥♥♥ MAYBE I SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT.... but maybe I should've?"" moments where I can't decide what to do"
76561197994603885,Recommended,319630,14330883,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tvandor,"Truly an extraordinary experience.The story is amazing, the graphics and the music,well the whole package itself simply blown me away!Can't wai to continue Max's story!!!"
,Recommended,319630,16585475,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PsyCho,It's a combination of TellTale game with Remember Me which works. I recommend this game to anyone enjoying a good story.
,Recommended,319630,15215490,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Onyx,"If only the episodes were twice as long! I love the artist style, the gameplay, the dialogue, and the storyline(s). I will recommend this to all my friends!(I hope more than 5 episodes are made. I bought all five episodes in advance and completed the first two. I'd be willing to pay a bit more.)"
,Recommended,319630,16509685,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nilin Lusankya,"Very well made and original game, compelling storyline, deep characters with complex relationships, charming visuals and excellent soundtrack.Got a little teary eyed at the ends of episode 2 and 3. Just a little. ;_;"
,Recommended,319630,16514111,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tangentchaser,"Wow, wow, wow! This game is amazing. The story, the gameplay, the characters, and the interactions are fantastic! I have played through Episode 1-3 and just fell in love with the game. What an amazing concept played out in such a relatable way. I can't wait until Episode 4 and 5 are released!"
76561198156844512,Recommended,319630,17107953,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CameronJ,"Awesome game,I love the story.10/105 stars"
,Recommended,319630,17106062,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"I've played all Telltales games before but this one is different, those who think that this game is in the exact road as Telltale's, you're wrong, every decisions made differences, not giving that 'illusions' (if you know what I mean), overall the graphic is great, the combination of SquareEnix style and Telltales, yes not gonna lie but it's better, way better, and not forgetting about the background music, it's seriously great and fit in like the right shoes on your feet, it's amazing, really I don't expect to be this good, but it's definitely worth the price and I do really recommend it! I don't want to spoil the story but if I have to rate from 1 to 10, I'll give the story line 9! It's directly hypnotized you into the game even more, great stuff! Can't wait to play the next episodes!"
76561198072284790,Recommended,319630,17107947,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,AshyLarry,"One of the most impressively drawn and executed games I've ever played in my life. If you own a PC, play games, and don't own this, you're doing it wrong.Buy Episode 1 if you think I'm wrong. But make sure you have enough cash on hand to buy the Season Pass immediately after finishing it. Because when you finish that, you're going to be hungry for more.Personally, eagerly awaiting the next episode. Actually, I revise my review. Wait until all episodes are released. This waiting for the next episode is painful."
,Recommended,319630,17067447,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nordanix,Wow. An unique piece of art. Must have if you truly want something different. A game where your actions truly matters and makes a difference. Beautiful. Touching. One of a kind.
,Recommended,319630,25338624,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,19-4007,So Amazing story
,Recommended,319630,24630038,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,sherthelocksmith,"An absolute must-have if you are craving for deep narrative type of game. The characters in it are complex, and turmoil of their own miseries. Except our Max, she is still naive about this town, its people. I wonder is drugs, guns, bullies are so rampant in America. Everyone can waive a barrel and hail hallelujah.Chloe is cool, but Max is definitely my favourite!  A girl who is going to save the world with that power! C'mon! if I were trapped in a haunting game, I will grab a camera, now I know what else a camera can do except catch a ghost. There’s romance going on between these girls, the love is in the air when Max said the word “Destiny” to Chloe.Time reversal always comes with a price, because karma is indestructible. Butterfly effect is something always fascinated me too, imagine how small an action can bring on climate change! Anyway, the tornado in the end did remind me of that lonely city named Macondo, yeah, because races condemned to one hundred years of solitude did not have a second opportunity on earth. You can't save&load for that!"
76561198078726584,Recommended,319630,14322182,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Chimi,WTF WITH THE TRADING CARDS. NICE SPOILER!
,Recommended,319630,15054742,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Wakanye West,confidently recommending this game. GOTY
,Recommended,319630,25155507,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,very cool doggo,"Nominee for the:""Im not crying, there's something in my eye"" Steam award.By far my single most favourite story-driven single player experience I have had, ever. (Ive played many very good single player games). *My opinion*Life is Strange is a very emotional, serious and unique single player experience. You play as Max Caufiled a student at Blackwell Academy. After accidentally discovering that you have an extreme power that can be used for good and/or bad throught the entire length of the game. However not everything is good in Aracdia Bay, something ominous and mysterious is going on at Blackwell Academy to some of its students, and you will have to find out who/what is doing such things and, why? Some people have said that Life is Strange is too 'feminine' for them to play it. However thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Life is Strange should be played by anyone who enjoys a solid, serious, emotional single player experience. Would without a doubt HIGHLY recommend to anyone who enjoys great single player games. Just remember, ""every action has a reaction.""First of all the characters are flawless, each and every one of them are different with their own personalities, feelings and thoughts. Whether you choose to delve into them or not. Some of these characters will face very hardcore and serious problems that happen today, whether it be suicide and depression, date♥♥♥♥♥♥ alcoholism, drug addiction, serious mental instability and gun control, all of these are in the game yet none of which are 'shoehorned' in. They are all very emotional and will take a toll on you.- The art style of the game is amazing, lots of detail put into even the smallest things that most poeple won't bother with. From the environment to your personal diary, everything is covered in detail that further enhances the overall experience.- The soundtrack is phenominal and perfectly fits the design and style of the game; extremely emotional at times. Every song used in-game is placed perfectly, only ever enhancing the emmersion and mood already built up, never taking away from it."
,Recommended,319630,18587081,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Leon,"This game is AWESOME!09/10Quick SummaryGOOD*MUSIC*GAMEPLAY*STORY*CHARACTERSBAD*DETAILS*ANTI-CLIMACTICIf you like the Tell Tale episodic games like The Walking Dead and Tales from the Borderlands, then I highly recommend this game. However the only similarties that Life is Strange has with those games is that they are episodic, and that each conversation or action has multiple options to make your game play unique. There are no quicktime events as time manipulation makes them almost obsolete. Also I think this game is more layed back than the Tell Tale games as danger isn't around every corner. I wont go into the story as I feel any information could ruin your playthrough if you decide to purchase. There are things I disliked and they are...****SPOILERS****STOP READING NOWThe art style that the game is going with is good however there were times when lip sync was bad, and the characters mannerisms didnt fit in with what was happening. Also the posters and flyers as well as other little details that should be immursing you in the world, look like they were drawn last second with little effort. I liked episode 1 as it teaches you everything thing you need to know about the gameplay and characters. The second to fourth episode had some major ups and downs which made you want to play the episode. Then there was...The final episode started off good, then 2/3 of the way through it felt like they didn't know how to wrap up the game so they threw in parallel realities/nightmare all in your head jargon then *poof* you are at the lighthouse and have to make your final choice. It is so anti-climactic, the lead up should have been more. People say Mass Effect 3 had a bad ending. This could be considered worse.SUM UP.It has an interesting story based around your actions and their consequences, amazing music to accompany you in your 10+ hours collecting all the optional photos. May do another playthrough once if forget the outcomes to my actions. Just wish the ending was better."
,Recommended,319630,18604378,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dav1d,"Absolutely beautiful game with a strong story. Even if you aren't an emotinal guy this game will take you on a full emotion Trip and you WILL feel with the charackter's if you let yourself into it. It also feels that every decision you make has consequences, good or bad, small or big, think wisely before you decide anything in this game.10/10, I wish I could forget everything about this game just to play it again with no knowledge what will happen next.This game has to win ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award!"", else I lost faith in Humanity."
,Recommended,319630,19006266,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kevlittrell,"This game made me very emotionally attached. I felt an honest connection to this game, and it's one of the few games I've played that was life changing. This games unique hand drawn textures, the gorgeous soundtrack, the detailed story and even satirical humor make it all the more perfect. I became invested in the town of Arcadia and attached Chloe and Max, it was unlike any game experience I have had so far, and i'll never forget it."
,Recommended,319630,18130671,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,BktJ Taikobo,"Life is Strange, AKA when videogames meet art.No really, slightly less than a game and slightly more than  a movie, Life is Strange is a total masterpiece.Lets go through the Pros and Cons:PROS+The bond it creates with the main character, Max: it's absolutely astonishing how you find yourself teaming up with the main character as the plot unravels, trying to understand her thoughts and anticipate the next ones. You will love the experience and her for sure.+Graphics: the graphics have their own unique style. They fit very well with the plot and create an awesome atmosphere that will really get you into this game.+Soundtrack: once again, the soundtrack suits perfectly the feeling this game gives you. It gets very dark-ish sometimes, exaclty as the game does.+Setting: the setting is recreated as realisticly as it could get. You feel like you're actually dealing with American teenagers in a classic American school. They act, speak and think like they would in the real world.+Character design: the design of the character couldn't be better. Even when a character represents a stereotype, it doesn't always act only accordingly to what you expect, and often you will eventually find out new information about them that will make you second guess.+Gameplay: Life is Strange is definitely not you average point-and-click type of game. There are no complicated puzzles to be solved, which helps you get involved in the game from an emotional poin of view. The gameplay is very minimal, and I find the mechanics very well-thought for the plot.CONS-Facial expression and animations: this is the game's weak spot. It really sucks not to have good animations and next-to-no facial expressions, which you would expect from a very psychological kind of game. I personally think that this might be due to the low budget they had in the making of the game. The awesome scripture accounts a bit for that, though.-Episodic structure: I find this to be a flaw in a game when every choice you make affects the future (and the past too, sometimes). It does not kinda feel suitable to the spirit of the game. Maybe this is low budget's fault again?All in all, this is a great game. Don't expect some hardcore adrenalynic FPS action like CS:GO of course, nor mind-breaking seemingly unsolvable puzzles like Monkey Island or something that requires strategy and game sense. Life is Strange is not made to present you a challenge, it is made to make you think. It does require empathy and social skills though, i.e. the capability of getting in tune with the people you have to interact with in your everyday life and understand their thoughts: the ability of going back in time and re-think your choice does not helps you that much. Also, on the plus side, you'll pay 20 bucks for around 20 hours of play, which is great considering how much games cost nowadays and how few they offer. I'm really looking forward to a great ending in episode 5.My personal vote is 9/10. You really must play this game."
76561198127256134,Recommended,319630,30924957,Posted: 3 April,all,De Tandenfee,"Played this game twice now, cried like a little baby twice. 11/10. Buy, such a good game. damn feels."
,Recommended,319630,25600323,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Prism³,"Consider this as a warning as well as a strong recommendation for this game. Nothing is sugar-coated here. The story is absolutely fantastic, and utterly devastating. I was so invested in the characters that by the time I reached the end of episode 3 I was already starting to feel like an emotional wreck. It's been years since I cried as hard as I did when I finished the story. Fantastic work by Dontnod! This game will be on my mind for quite a while.Edit: It's been over 2 months and LiS is still on my mind! I have half a mind to beg for a refund to cover the bills for my psychologist! :'D"
,Recommended,319630,14319283,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Viper,"Life is Strange is a amazing game that will take you for a roller coaster of feels. It will come out of way left feild to suckerpunch your feeling box and will leave you there crying because in this game the choices you make affect the game and the outcome of if people live or die. I have also notinated this game for The""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye""award. I would have to give this game a 8.7/10 It isn't perfect and I feel could have had more side storys and show more of others peoples lives but besides that it is great. A must have if you like games where you have to make hard choices."
,Recommended,319630,25137848,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,................................,best game everedit bcus badge
76561198104366382,Recommended,319630,25288950,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SadMan,After finishing Life Is Strange here is my thoughts about this game.-----------------------------------------1- A very nice ability which is rewinding the time to make better choices in the game.2- The game is full of surprises.3- The graphics in the game is great.4- A very interactive and great story.5- The endings are very goodthere is 2 endings.6- Some hard choices.I really recommend this game.  10/10
,Recommended,319630,20117157,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Damian,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,319630,19738932,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BizarreSky,"Cool story in a great style, I liked playing this game. It is one of my favorites now."
,Recommended,319630,14725682,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cerbengoc,This is an interesting and atmospheric game. I'm like it. And Max's adventure has only just begun. :)
76561197984324400,Recommended,319630,30898535,Posted: 2 April,all,SonOfThunder,I picked this game up on a whim. Wanted to try something different. Didn't really know what it was exactly. I thought a cozy little interactive story might be an interesting change of pace. But it took me on an emotional journey. It was a moving experience I never expected. Stop reading about it and just go try it.
,Recommended,319630,24938434,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Shanks,"Wowser! Bukan hanya sebatas game, melainkan sebuah pengalaman hidup. Seperti ada kehidupan dalam kehidupan."
,Recommended,319630,19690931,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,spookybooogie,"This game has been the single most emotionally drainging game I have ever played. It sort of starts off poking your heart w/ a stick, but by the end it has literally annihilated everything you ever thought you felt about the characters. What a work of art, both through the intricate story and the decision making style. Simply fantastic."
76561198084611225,Recommended,319630,15287407,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,VotingChipmunk,"Complete new review for a completed playthrough.So Life is Strange... not much to say really... except that there is so much to say. I love this game. I love everything about it, except for Mark Jefferson. He's a F***. Now this game is a total feels trip. It messed with my emotions. Forced me to make tough decisions. Made me realize that having awesome powers can have life changing consequences. This game brought me, a 22 year old man, to tears more times than any other game I've ever played. Dontnod Entertainment made a truly remarkable and spectacular game.If you think some of the decisions you make in this game are tough, wait until the final decision. I knew no matter which decision I made the floodgates would be broken. And they did. I was crying through the entire ending, even after the credits ended.This game has become my favorite game ever made.To give it a Number Rating would be a disservice to this masterpiece.Any hateful comments will simply be ignored. I don't mind if you have a differing opinion, just don't be an a** about it thinking your opinion is the right one.I hope anyone who reads this has a fantastic day."
,Recommended,319630,19770971,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,R100red,"One of my favorite games. Was a little dissapointed in the final episode which sort of recapped the rest of the game, but overall a great game. I liked that the choices made changed the outcomes thoughout the story."
,Recommended,319630,18776675,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RitchWhiteBoy™,"Lemme ♥♥♥♥in' tell ya, this took me the whole release schedule of all the episodes to write up this review. In all honesty, this has been one of the most engaging games I have ever played and I heavily recommend it. The game's art is pretty, the story is very nicely put in my opinion, and a lot of the characters you interact with are fleshed out really good. I wish I could turn back time and replay this game for the first time, it's that good. Also nominated for the Steam Award for the I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye Award"
76561198045975191,Recommended,319630,20103533,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Connor413,Take the feels of the TTG Walking Dead season 1 ending and extend that into a full game and you got this.
,Recommended,319630,19016068,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,FuzzleyFuzzman™,"The most beautiful game i've ever played! I've played a lot of games, but nothing that feels like this one.It's a graphic adventure, interactive drama, episodic type of game. You'll play as a young, coming-of-age girl named Max  Caulfield with her newfound 'time rewind' power. Throughout the game you will face some hard choices, and your choices will have consequences!The game touches some serious subject like school bullying, suicide, mental illness, ect, which not many games have done.Pros- Very good plot/beautiful story- Beautiful hand drawn graphic- Beautiful environment- Beautiful soundtrack- Superb voice acting- Very immersive- Great puzzleCons- Poor lip syncing (you'll get past that)- You can't jump, lolNow, you may hear episode 5 is a bit of a let down compare to episode 1-4. It's true. It seems rushed and forced, but still, overall it's ♥♥♥♥ing great! Doesn't matter if it isn't your genre, just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it! You won't regret it.No need to wait for it to go on sale. It's worth every penny.It has been a month since i finished playing episode 5 and i'm still thinking about this game. I've never been so attached to video game characters before. That should tell you something.Thank you DONTNOD for this beautiful masterpiece! Looking forward for LIS Season 2.10/10Would sacrifice Arcadia Bay againI'm nominating this game for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"
,Recommended,319630,18587888,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DarkDemons,"This game is the best game of history I ever played. It has a awesome history, awesome characters and a awesome interaction if you want to buy this game don't think twice if you like history games."
,Recommended,319630,18729835,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Vile Obliquity,"Fantastic all the way through. It's a game about people and the way choices define them. It's about building relationships, good or bad, through action and inaction. If you get to the end of the game and are disappointed there aren't a dozen branching cinematics, I think you've missed the point. All of the choices do matter -- to Max. It's all important. Enjoy! It's a great game.Update: Still good! With the first episode free, there's no reason not to try it out."
,Recommended,319630,30911696,Posted: 2 April,all,Animals,"Best story i've ever played. Is kind of a girly story, and im a csgo player, but still i really liked it."
,Recommended,319630,20331761,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,emik,Life Is Strange is very similar to Telltale Games games but it's kind of different... The music is very well chosen and the views are simply amazing. There's some mind-blowing plot twists in the story too. You must play this game to see your reaction :D. I think that all fans of games in that type should try Life Is Strange immediately!
,Recommended,319630,19562550,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,HakuGo,"This game was an emotional rollercoaster, filled with every emotion that life could throw at you. Happiness, sadness, fear, anger, love and so much more. You know a game is a masterpiece when you're left speechless at the end, pondering about all the events and decisions you made to lead to the final choice. This game is a life changer, to me it wasn't just a game, but a guide to life. The choices I had to make reminded me of my past decisions and mistakes I made. At first I thought how cool it would be to have the power to rewind time, but this game shows the dark side. It shows that destiny should never be played with. There is a time for everything and the choices you decide in life lead to that destiny. There is no something without purpose. The title of the game, ""Life is Strange"", truly encompasses the whole message that the creators were trying to express to us gamers. Even with Max's powers she thoughts she could fix everything and explain all the faults and mistakes that were happening, but no matter what she did, life kept throwing strange phenomenons at her. This is relateable to reality, life is so very strange. We sometimes think to ourselves, "" Why did I just do that?"" Sadly, in real life there is no rewind powers, instead we must learn to accept and move forward. To endure it. The moment we accept the strange, is the moment we are alive and living. To wrap it up, ""We are all strange, and we must embrace it and show the world, how strange it truly is.""TL:DR ""Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah"""
76561198269148604,Recommended,319630,19947923,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Schlabachx23,"I love story driven adventure games. This is the best one i have ever played, I know im gonna Keep coming Back to this game for a long time."
,Recommended,319630,18619914,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mariokartmoney,"I would just like to preface this review by saying that as of finishing Episode 5, Life Is Strange is most definitely going to be my personal favorite game of 2015 (unless Just Cause 3 is absolutely perfect) and is already in my top 5 games of all time. That said, let's get on with the review.TL;DR: Life Is Strange is the best game in it's genre. If you like any of Telltale's recent projects, you should definitely pick this up.PROS:*Max's ability to rewind time is one of the best implemented mechanics in any video game.*Even though you can rewind time, it doesn't take away the weight of any decision made in the game. (every big decision only gives you a short window to change your mind and then it's locked in for good)*The emphasis and implementation of character relationships is astounding. You will love or hate characters as if they were real people.*There's an M Night Shyamalan level plot twist at the end of episode 4 and it's done very well.*Every main character is very likeable (or unlikeable) and each one has their own character arc that soundly concludes in episode 5*The paintbrush-on-canvas art style looks wonderful.*The soundtrack, both composed and liscensed, is phenominal.CONS:*The lip synching and facial animations are confusingly poor when compared to the rest of the visuals in the game. Characters rarely visually express their emotions and the mouths never match the words characters are speaking.*Helping Alyssa in every episode does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥at the end of the game.*This game toys with your feelings way too much. For one decision, I spent an hour contemplating what to do, decided to sleep on it, went to school the next day and discussed it with some friends, then came home and chose the opposite option to the one I had decided on in school.CONCLUSION:I have played The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, and Tales From The Borderlands and I can confidently say that Life Is Strange is better than all of them. If you like any of those games or just feel like taking a wild ride through feelsville, Life Is Strange is the game for you."
,Recommended,319630,28712695,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,eveiro,"This game is hella depressing, bro. What a cluster♥♥♥♥, a ♥♥♥♥ingchaos theory."
,Recommended,319630,28016378,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,neuritic,I loved this game so much. It had my interest throughout the whole thing. Def recommed ayy.
,Recommended,319630,28017698,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dust of Winter,"Life Is Strange is a great game. It tells an interesting story filled with twists, love, loss, a lot of pain, and super indie/hipster teens. It's definitely not perfect, but it's incredibly moving."
76561198314239789,Recommended,319630,28019029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hubblenite,An amazing game that can run on almost any new PC. You should really try this game out!
76561198020786797,Recommended,319630,18689505,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dank Souls,Amazing game that stays with you long after you finish it.
76561198053239040,Recommended,319630,18579586,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Spartan Kennedy,An absolutley amazing story game where choice matters and the soundtrack is amazing 9/10
76561198027438806,Recommended,319630,15015045,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Advocates,"*Currently reviewing based on Episode 1 (because at the creation of this review it is the only episode out)*I know its a game but to me every game is a story and usually if the story sucks I don't come back for it.This is a story, its a great story, its the type of story that you'll go back to because it turned out to be one of the most pleasant things you found sitting in your library (like ""Gone Home""). There is a lot of depth (and its only the first episode) the players are left with this thing, this awesome thing and you sit there after the episode is over (which always leaves us at a cliff hanger) and you know that feeling after reading/playing a really good book/game?That horrible empty feeling that leaves you with this, ""Now what...?""That's what happened to me and its almost unbearable to wait for the next episode."
76561198052120130,Recommended,319630,28322202,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Othniel,"I played most of this game offline so i have more hours than it shows.  This game was amazing, it has an amazing story, and an ending that will leave a tear in your eye...i give this game 9/10."
,Recommended,319630,17812307,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Cocijo,"LIFE IS STRANGEReview by Mauro, August 2015IntroductionFirst of all this review is very subjectiv, even tough I try to be reasonable at all times.If you prefer a more objectiv one you might want to check another review. Thanks.This game succeeds where most others failed: It makes you forget, that it's only a game!I literally couldn't let go!I got sucked up by its vivid world its profound characters and last but not least its dramatic, yet so calming story.StoryIf you consider buying this game I srsly suggest youNOTto read the following part, as it containsMAJORspoilers capable of taking all the suspense and every twist the story offers.The game is about Max(ine) Caulfield, an 18 yo girl, who follows her dreams to be a photographer by attending the Blackwell Academy, a very famous arts-school, in her birthplace Arcadia Bay. She hasn't talked to her old best friend Chloe since her family moved to Seattle five years befor, but intended to do so.One month after Arriving at Blackwell, she was just making a photo in the bathroom, she witnessed a dispute between Nathan, a member of the Prescott-family, the richest and most influential family in town, and a blue haired ''Punk''-girl, who turns out to be Max old friend Chloe, who accuses Nathan of selling drugs. When Nathan shot Chloe, Max discovered her ''Rewind''-powers to travel back in time and save her friend.Thats only the Prelude to Max and Chloe trying to get behind what happened to Chloes friend Rachel, who vanished half a year befor, and whats Nathans part in it.On the way they learn about what happend to the quiet christian girl Kate who tries to kill herself after an ashaming video of her goes viral, get to take a midnight swim in the schools pool and take on the most influential Family, who pays police officers, various school employees and students to get what they want.Just to finally discover what terrible secret this family tries to hide.GameplayThe puzzles might not be the most challenging or innovative, not by any meanes, but they fit the game, its characters and the world itself, plus they are pretty varying. Also, the ''rewind''-feature adds kind of a twist to some of the riddles!For example:One time you have to find clues who fit together by comparing dates and times, the other time you gotta find a way to open a door to the Principals office, without letting the alarm go off. Thanks dear timetravel!Additionaly, your choices indeed matter and actually change it's world!That might be pretty trivial,for examplewhen you don't water your plant Lisa, she actually dies.but can also have a huge impact,for examplewhen you decide over taking money meant for a handicapped fund or not.At the end of each episode you'll also have a statistic about how much of your friends/the world decided for what choice.ControlsYou can play with both mouse and keyboard or gamepad.Both of them work fine, altough the gamepad got the edge here, since you don't really need that much buttons.GraphicsThere are indeed games who look prettier or smoother, it certainly doesn't have fancy ''Tomb Raider''-like hair physics either, but srsly who needs that anyway? it works properly without any fps-drops or crashes, got some very nice light effects and quite great animations, even if the faces are pretty static. Thats all it takes to tell its wonderful story.Cost-benefit ratioIf you're interested in this kind of stuff, here are some numbers I got from both my own experience and some research.This game is quite cheap,the whole game including 5 episodes is available for US$19.99/19,99€/£15.99,episode 1 for US$4.99/4,99€/£3.99and the season pass including episodes 2-5 for US$16.99/16,99€/£13.99.If you're living in the EU or GB and consider buying this game in US region, as its even cheaper, beware of the trading and gifting restrictions for both thewhole gameand theseason pass.Anyways, doNOTuse any vpn or tunneling services as this is against the Steam EULA and will most likely get you banned!The episodes are around 2-5 hours long, depending on your playstyle.Altough this game doesn't really have any replay value, as you can rewind to see every choices effect, you can always go back to get some ''photos'', kind of a collectable, you might have missed or even try to see the consequences of some major choices in other episodes.Therefor the main game itself will take you around 3.5 (hours) * 4 (episodes) = 14 (hours).Considering the 5th episode, that will propably be available by October the 6th to October the 13th  2015 (as statedhere, however this is neither verified by Square Enix nor by Dotnod Ent. meaning that these dates are subject to change), will take about as long as the others, you''ll have around 17.5 hours of actual playtime for the price of at most US$19.99/19,99€/£15.99 while not on sale.This results in around US$1,14 per hour/1,14€ per hour/£0,91 per hour.In comparison, Telltales ''The Walking Dead'', that was also split across 5 episodes is available for US$24.99/22,99€/£18.99 and has an average completion time of approximately 14 hours, wich is with US$1,79 per hour/1,64€ per hour/£1,36 per hour slightly less cost effectiv.Possible charges by your provider excluded.The time you spend thinking about what happened and wondering whats going to happen next  obviously excluded aswell!ConclusionAn all together very atmosperic and replicable game.Both the gameplay and the story fit together very well creating a unique experience.Nothing you can do wrong here, even if you're not that much of an ''adventure''-fan it's worth checking out.I really liked the Style of this game, not only the graphics but its way to tell the story makes this game one of my favourite games so far. Additionally is this game bringing the old ''point and click''- adventures, such as Monkey Island, some modern vibe. In my Opinion is this the development that the genre needed, even tough Telltale propably started with this kind of games.It's already worth the 4 episodes, propably even 3, but theres still more to come, and I can't wait to see how it ends.10/10 would rewind time again.Thanks for reading!PS: Since english isn't my native language, there might be some mistakes. As im trying to improve myself, I'd appreciate if you let me know about any mistakes you find. Thanks again!"
76561198012650407,Recommended,319630,20134221,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Crypt Kiddie,Close enough to a Degrassi game.
76561198209844908,Recommended,319630,18079303,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,風林火山,"teen school drama + butterfly effect + suspense elementsthe story is not as epic as telltale's, but definitely rich enough and totally good.the beautiful scenes and background music makes me feels like breathing the autumn fresh air.waiting for the last episode.love it, and i recommended."
,Recommended,319630,14275758,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,IceBerge,"I opened a cupboard. The game notified me that my decision to open the cupboard would have consequences. I second guessed myself closed the cupboard again. I spent the next 2.8 hours opening and closing the cupboard.In all seriousness though, this game pushes the fundamentals of video-game storytelling to a whole new level. The characters are truly endearing, the dialogue unforgettable, and the decisions you have to make (big or small) make you question everything that you do. If you want to play art in the form of a video-game, this is worth every cent.10/10 Would panic about opening cuboards again."
,Recommended,319630,19440961,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,●✞мιdnιgнт✞●,"'Life Is Strange' is an amazing game, one of the best decision Making Games i've played and i would recommend it to People who love Story mode games, i love it <3 xx"
76561197985751931,Recommended,319630,14292633,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Wany,"So far a good an interesting story, in short a Tell-Tale ish game. For once having a female protagonist in a game is also really refreshing, and i can't wait to see the development. The 20 eur price is fair, you should just buy the 1-5 episode package and ignore the chapter deals.Best Parts: Notice the way color and animation is done, i really like this pseudo top animation style where you hide finer annimation details and wash it with simpler textures, not only do you save a bunch on animation, but it gives you time to focus on the story. Really nice style.Looking forward to the next episodes."
76561198126944911,Recommended,319630,14273095,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,96Neko,Good story developed. I love these new type of game where you are making choices while you can enjoy the story or more like watching a movie. It would be amazing to see the graphic of game like these getting better like Final Fantasy or something like that.
,Recommended,319630,18671082,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Veloce Visrin,"I love how the game lets you learn more about the characters, you can see their many phases and somehow come to understand them, or you could just focus on the main things only and ignore everything else.I think it was because I was invested on getting to know every little character that the emotion loaded episodes made me cry like a lil b♥tch. The last 3 episodes had me at awe and made my heart break into little pieces.It really has been a while since my feels had feels because of a game. This was a wild ride and I enjoyed every bit."
,Recommended,319630,18967467,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FunLightDog,It is really good strange game.I like watching my sis make her decision.good emotional game.
76561198075390585,Recommended,319630,18573280,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,gamergirljr,"Okay, I'm feeling lazy today so here's the summary:HOLY OH MY GOD THIS IS THE BEST WHY PLOT TWISTS STORY AND STUFF WHAT IS THIS HOLY!!!!!11/10 would cry and want to kill someone at the same time again"
76561198020556195,Recommended,319630,16604474,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr. Longbottom,"This game is beatiful, not in the graphical sence (the graphic are okay), but it has a good story and characters that make you wonan hug them.This wont be your normal shooter game where you run around and do alot of stuff. It's close to a movie but a good one for sure. Think walking dead & Game of Thrones meets time travel theme. The redo is a smart choice because one of the problems with these kind of games is that you are presented with options (often singleword ones or small phrases or ideas) but what your character says is not allways even close to what you pictured. So in similar games you end up feeling robbed of your choice, but here you can just redo it all as you please. Plus it allows you to see every conversation / choice you could have had if you're into that :)Over all this game made me feel more than any other I can think of, and while I wont use as much time on it as some other game (Once you're done with the story its kinda over) it is more than worth the money if you ask me."
,Recommended,319630,20212249,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Flanle,Ever wanted to know what it's like being a girl in high school?Good story. Lots of twists. I enjoyed every episode. A must-have if you enjoy the Telltale decision making games. The main difference here is that time doesn't expire to make a decision and you have a limited ability to go back and make a different decision tosee how the characters react.My only beef with this game is the achievements.  They are all search-and-finds which I had to look up where some of them were. Good thing they are not required to finish the game.
,Recommended,319630,20262532,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aditx7,"At first i thought this game will be like another game i ever played that i can easily forget it after i finishing it,but....I CANT EVEN FORGET THIS GAME AFTER FINISHING IT 1 WEEK AGO!!.......i guess i have to keep the memories of this game in my head for eternity......10/10"
,Recommended,319630,14569562,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Meisterloki,What better game to be a timelord?
,Recommended,319630,17950154,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Fox McCloud,DONTNOD made a very good game with very good story and good character developement. Just Waiting for Episode 5!
76561197983628824,Recommended,319630,15229351,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Shrekbob,"Great game btw .  Good story , your girlfriend will love to watch you play this or play themselves.     I have only played episode 1."
76561198069186009,Recommended,319630,15498857,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sparkazoo ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game is really awesome it makes you think about life and your decisions I recommend this game it was so amazing to play.
,Recommended,319630,20053495,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lazypanda56,"Barely bought this game a day ago, and I really enjoyed it. The soundtrack is awsome and the games is great. Its awsome that they give you time to redo your decisions since i usually try both to see their outcomes. Hope there's a part two!!"
,Recommended,319630,18721625,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Inidis,"You know a game is good when you actually have to pause and think about your choices. You know its great when you realise that your choice was bad and then rewind to try again.This game really held me and still does, but it really goes from happy teen adventures to a fright fest."
,Recommended,319630,18113034,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nobod_E,"[NOTE: HAVE ONLY PLAYED 2 CHAPTERS AS OF REVIEW]Great concept, even better delivery. I got some less than preferable outcomes, and when finding that there are significantly more positive alternitives, and with a pretty clear idea as to what i could have done differently to get them, was struck with the desire to start over. However, I found that not only did i not want have to hear all the same dialouge again, i felt that doing so would be to risk losing a story I would like even more in the long run. It was when cotemplating how to proceed that I realized this must be exactly what he main character was thinking. I can count all the games that succeeded in subconciously getting me in a certain mindset so well. We all have had Max's power, just not in the real world. It's the power I used to punch a kid in Skyrim with no concequences. (In my defence, she literally said ""fight me."") She's not rewinding time, she's loading saves. However, unlike Skyrim, there are no dragons I should be fighting instead of trying to put buckets on people's heads. There is nothing to this world but people living their lives."
76561198150421519,Recommended,319630,15706214,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,<3CannibalForLIFE<3,This is one of the best games i have ever played. There should be more games like Life is Strange!! i never get tired of playing it! :)
,Recommended,319630,15004567,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ebihal [HUN],"Life is strange, life is not fair"
,Recommended,319630,15124415,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Neyna,"It's a good, beautiful game."
,Recommended,319630,19208533,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,zigi,"Wow, what a game. Life is Strange is amazing. I would reccomend it to anyone who's into story based games that take you on an emotional rollercoaster and play with everything you know and love in the Life is Strange world.The story is phenomenal with deep characters with amazing arches that just add to the already amazing world. Now when I went into this game I was sceptical about the whole 'traveling back in time' thing but after the first time using it I was sold. It works well and doesn't let you exploit the 'your actions have consequences' mechanic.The final verdict is get this game, you won't regret it!P.S this game should win The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award."
,Recommended,319630,21697374,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,StrawPaladin915,"Life Is Strangeis truely an amazing game. When I first sawSquare Enixwas apart of this game, I was a bit concerned becauseFinal Fantasyhas been such a great series and worried that this game wouldn't come close to those.Sorry if the review is bland...I don't wanna give too much away; however there might be spoilers.Life Is Strangeis about a girl who finds out about this weird, strange ability she has:reversing time. Throughout the game, you'll be given choices and be in situationsthat could alter parts of the past, present, and future. Similar toThe Walking Deadseries fromTelltale, the way the game is played willalwayschange depending onyourchoices. The game isn't very long in length (about 15 hours or so).I was so hooked into the game right from the beginning, like a weird Science-Fiction/Fantasy novel. The artwork isn't the best (compared to newer games), but it's unique and easy to love. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, and really brings the emotion of the story together.The choices in the game might leave you with anger, or simply give you the feels. I've had my share of both; in the end, it was all worth it. I bought the give during theSquare Enixsale (03/04/2016-03/07/2016) and if I had've known about the game beforehand, I would've been more than happy the pay the price for the Complete Season. The game is really worth it."
,Recommended,319630,14253984,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bellum1234,"POST EPISODE 1So I had gotten up in morning and this caught my eye on the Steam Page. I had thought it'd be a great game. Also seeing it was released a day before I had to try it. I went out and bought the complete season. I looked up and researched the game before i got it seeing some good stuff. My prior gaming included Last of Us, Heavy Rain, BEYOND Two Souls, and Remeber me. To my surprise it was made by Square Enix and DONTNOD Productions. Square is great with final fantasy while DONTNOD had made Remeber ME. I was hooked to buy but I saw the gameplay was similiar to that of Heavy Rain. I instantly knew I needed this. It was about 2 hours for the Episode 1 and it hit me in the feels. It made me feel the same way as I did playing Heavy Rain or BEYOND. I am waiting for new episodes and can't wait to see this game continue.In my opinion 10/10 with great story line, back story, gameplay, and the graphics.POST EPISODE 5After playing and following this game for 10 months I would say it is worth it. All the cliffhangers between episodes as well as just twists and decisons that make you think and hit you. Overall this game has earned greatness throughout what it accomplished. A choice based game where choices mattered at each point. I would recommend this to anyone in a split second since it is great. Sadly those who are buying now will not be able to experience the tension and suspense between the episodes that gave this game such an edge. Cliffhangers at the end were predictable but came in a way that just makes you wonder in between each episode. Worth the $20 to buy this game and get an experience most games don't offerSTEAM AWARDSVoted For There's Something In My Eyes Award on Steam"
,Recommended,319630,30956555,Posted: 5 April,all,woosh,"Unlike Tell Tale's Walking Dead, this game never gets boring after an hour of gameplay. The choice's consequence system flows pretty smooth. The characters are well built. Overall, had a great expereience."
76561198078882568,Recommended,319630,15231354,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ReeseBugerPie,This game was one of the best story telling games I played while being on steam. The characters and the story fit very well with one another and the ending may not have been much but I still loved it all.
,Recommended,319630,25048083,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,zucchini,"im not crying right now, i swear..."
,Recommended,319630,24595868,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dark Desires,This game is a job well ♥♥♥♥ing done.
,Recommended,319630,24588265,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,nuie♥,This game is hella awesome. Makes me wanna go ape.
76561198165062690,Recommended,319630,24537350,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zekiniza,This game broke me in ways that I still dont understand and im writing this review a few after finishing it. Even just listening to the soundtrack still brings up feelings that are only attached to a videogame and im fairly okay with that because this was an amazing ride that i don't think i could handle again.10/10
,Recommended,319630,14401291,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kaypee,Rewind the time just to see a girl being hitted by a ball thousand times. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,16265007,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Boruto,This isn't just a game. It's more than than. Words can't describe what this is. But i do know one thing after completing the first 3 episodes: Life IS strange. For sure.
76561198060822138,Recommended,319630,15550645,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Not Travis,"Really hipster, poor lip-syncing, and honestly horrible cringy slang but, I enjoyed it. There's a good soundtrack, nice attention to detail, a stylistic aesthetic, and the story is decent but not too great because of pacing issues and the ending may feel frustrating to some. The game may crash due to the wonky game mechanics that can get you stuck in an unintended time loop, which I encountered more than once. If you're interested from that first free episode, buy the whole thing and play it in one sitting."
,Recommended,319630,24942462,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dralthon,Truly a work of art.I just finished playing through it and plan on playing through it again. It is the deepest game I have ever played by far. It is filled with all sorts of heart wrenching twists and moral dillemas. At one point I nearly got up and walked away because I couldn't bring myself to choose.
76561197971465038,Recommended,319630,30040913,Posted: 19 February,all,Hipi,That... was... fu*ng... AVESOME !!!
,Recommended,319630,20353679,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Markinho,"I could take a flight to Paris and kiss the guys at DONTNOD Entertainment right now, but I have the urge to start over so I'll just leave my quick recommendation: this is a MUST PLAY of 2015, get aboard the feels train directed to Arcadia Bay, you'll love it."
76561198082239596,Recommended,319630,30958805,Posted: 5 April,all,Rus,Meh 10/10 would choose bae than bay
,Recommended,319630,27160627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tito-Puente,"Love the beautiful story, great characters and excellent music, as well as the emotional devastating moments.Therefore, i nominated it for the 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award.Overall, Life is Strange is an incredible experience, well worth your time."
76561198072032282,Recommended,319630,25957299,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Giant Dad,"It is damn good, buy all the episodes. Play it, Enjoy it, Be saddened by it."
,Recommended,319630,24692764,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Aimee,GLHF GUYS
,Recommended,319630,24782874,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lineoutt,This game is easily one of my favorites of all time. Hit me with the feels so hard that a week or so after finishing the series I am still not over it. Don't watch the trailer if you haven't already. It's better to go into this knowing less. This game leaves me with the same feeling as reading a good piece of literature or watching a lifechanging movie. Hella love it.
,Recommended,319630,26260737,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Blue Dragon,11/10 went through an Existantial crisis.
,Recommended,319630,27164131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Just Another Someone,Beautiful game. It's so emotional and the soundtrack is amazing. You lose yourself in the detailed storyline and the plot twists are just... woa.
76561198053208483,Recommended,319630,27324174,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Proud Owner of a Teapot,"I nominated this for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award. Here's what to do after you finish the game:1. Realize you have just completed a great game.2. Lay down on your bed and try not to cry.3. Try do do something distracting.3. Fail and cry alot.Overall: 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,319630,27946748,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Maxine,Life Is Strange is the best game in my life.
,Recommended,319630,27949408,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Em,Right in the feels ); I  cri evrtim.This game is a legit masterpiece.It has a great storyline and the graphics look amazing.Cant wait for a season 2
76561198053364440,Recommended,319630,26262500,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HangryHufflepuff,"This game is AWESOME!It's got an amazing story. And its got consequences to your actions...which sucks sometimes. because sometimes both options are negative side effects.I think this is a 1-2 playthrough game, just because you might wanna try other action choices but the story will still be the same roughly.If you are one of those people who get triggered by suicide there is an attempt that you can try and stop in the game and there is a murderer in the game, who.. well I don't think sexually assaulted the girl, just killed her..but i'm not completely sure that didn't happen to people in the game. so...I just kinda wanna put that out there for people. It's not just a simple murder thing and time warping.also...it screams teen angst bella swan twilight sometimes, but I swear its still an amazing game lol."
,Recommended,319630,27947136,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SirChewi,"the whole collection exceeded my expectations, great game. especially for the price."
,Recommended,319630,27948237,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sicanae,11/10 My eyes are sweating
,Recommended,319630,24730580,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Machidori,"+ Interesting Story and Characters+ Multiple Choices+ Great SoundtrackThe gameplay itself is pretty straight forward, the focus is clearly on experiencing the story which revolves around your decisions.I'd say pick it up, it's a wonderful game :)"
76561198041741362,Recommended,319630,24751758,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,badwish,"Overwhelming. Beautiful. Intriguing. Made me build an emotional connection to the characters I rarely experienced before.Kinda curious is that I somewhat role-played the protagonist even though this is not supposed to be an RPG and I'm not even remotely akin to Max.I hated the s..t out of some characters and regretted giving some others too much hassle. I would have liked to be given the chance to kill one or two guys, only to find out that I was wrong in the first place.I also liked very much how some quite controversial topics were seamlessly included.Great direction, and possibly even greater voice acting (and I just noticed that most voice actors actually did play many different characters). This game is truly an experience.Can't wait for season two. Great work guys, I salute you and thank you for your wonderful work."
76561198263515565,Recommended,319630,24755477,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,fortykills,Regret purchasing it on a sale.A must buy.Don't sit this one out. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,24755698,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Carrefour,"The best Game ever I play...actually I play this game till Episode 3 : Chaos Theory, and the ending of this episode make me spechless... Thanks Square Enix.. I recommended"
76561198008249575,Recommended,319630,25863405,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,johnp12,Great story and a unique way to play these type of games with the reverse-time mechanic
76561198067641212,Recommended,319630,24663925,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Barium Deep,"This game is something quite special. In the first moments of episode 1, I had a few misgivings. Nothing dealbreaking, but in the back of my mind I couldn't help but wonder if some things would begin to grate by the time I hit the end of the first episode. Chloe's ""hella"" stands as the most prominent offender.However, after a while my minor gripes simply became part of the experience. ""Hella"" just became a part of Chloe's character, and it honestly brought to mind some of my own friends who have their own catchphrases that I eventually got used to. And that there is one of the strengths of this game's narrative: the characters feel like people. They may be a bit eccentric and fall into certain tropes, but by the end of the final episode, I couldn't really complain about much.All in all, a wonderful game, so long as you are willing to take the ride"
,Recommended,319630,24745702,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Artyom,"I absolutely cannot recommend this game enough. It is a great point and click style game with a great story and characters. If you're the type who gets invested in a games story and characters this game is the game for you. There were choices I agonized over making. The first episode of this game is currently free and if you do play it, you will end up buying the rest I can promise that.Long story short, Go back in time to fix things, ""OH...no..nonono"" Goes back in time again, ""OH NO NO NO!!!!"""
76561198050158621,Recommended,319630,24753391,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,яise,"It has taken me a very long time to get around to writting this review...around a few weeks. why so long? well let me tell you about life is strange.first off - If you are looking to play thre first chapter, do it. its freesecond - now that youve finished it and dont know what the craze is about, dont worry. episode 1 is aboutsetting up the plot for everything else, its a nice story, but its not what the games aboutit is the greatest game i have ever played, and for that reason i recommend you get all 5 episodes. (hence this positive review)-I also recommend that you never play any of them....EVER!!! (well get back to this part in a sec)so lets talk about the game a bit-AMAZING characters 11/10, characters develop deeply throughout the game, to the point where your entier opinion of them will change. The characters play their roles perfectly, you'll love your friends, and hate your enemies, and others youl just try to ignore or pretend like they don't exist.-good plot line is cohesive and only has a few minor holes (from what i hear, i havent found any myself)-the plot line allows for variation of choices so you arent completely rail-roaded like the walking dead by tell tale- did i mention how loveable the characters are?-the art is fantastic. im REALLY picky about how the animes i watch in general look, but every scene in this game is basically screenshot worthy.so why would i never recommend you play this game? im going to go over this in as little detail possible to avoid spoilers.well i myself have come across the darker themes this game covers, and weeks after finishing it, i still have not come to terms with what i have witnessed.the game has a way of destroying your soul. through your insecurities, choices in game, through connections you will make with characters. The further the game goes on the more painful it will become. it may start with ""is that my fault"" then to you crying, to you pulling hair out, and finally you will be overwelmed with so much confusion,fear and emotion that you attempt to rip the your soul from your chest to end the pain. It will inevitably progress into your own pool of self loathing.doesnt sound brutal enough? ok then lets go further.this is the only game ive ever played to have a link to the suicide hotline on the main page, and you may actually need it for what youre about to witness.TLDRyoul pay 20$ for the best game in your library.  The emotional cost will be higher. you will want to pay an unprecedented amount more to unsee what your about to witness"
,Recommended,319630,24756425,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Turbopasta,"Life is Strange, Season One review*******THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE ZONE*******Here's the TL;DR:If you value story in games, and you like seeing ways that choices you make can affect a storyline, Life Is Strange is almost definitely for you._____________________________________________If you've seen even one trailer for this game, that should be enough for you to know if the aesthetic is a good match for you. It's got a sort of indie-movie coming-of-age vibe to it with an outdoorsy northern-California feel to the environments and setting, with great big oak trees and a town that feels somewhat rural but charming at the same time. As far as settings go, think something similar to the show ""Twin Peaks"" or the game ""Alan Wake""The game's visual art style is simple, but it works very well for the setup. It's not quite as gritty in its stylization as something similar to it, like Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"" game is. Life is Strange has a much softer look to it, and makes the game seem much lighter than what it might actually be under this aesthetic. The facial animation can be somewhat lacking at times, but it's almost completely mitigated by all the voice actor's fantastic performances. Yes,all of them. There wasn't a single person in this game who's dialogue I didn't believe, and that alone is pretty amazing. While some of the dialogue can be cringey or seem like it's trying to hard to appeal to a demographic of young hipsters who understand digital-age lingo, most of the script is very well written, definitely on-par with that of a good television series.On the subject of music, the soundtrack to Life is Strange is just fantastic. Most of the game's environmental soundtrack is done by Jonathan Morali, but some of the most memorable parts are done by various alternative indie bands. Lots of acoustic guitar, minor electronic effects and soft vocals. Think ""The Shins"" or ""Radiohead"" in terms of tone. It is a perfect fit for the game and it just simply makes you want to lose yourself to this world that's been put before you.The biggest draw of a game like this is that you, as a player, can affect the story and change the outcome of it based on the unique choices you make. Well, that'skindof true. Ultimately, there are multiple endings, but by the very end of the game, you are only given a canned ending of some sort. It would be great if there were hundreds of final outcomes to the story, but from a production standpoint, it's just impossible for a single game studio to make that many different final endings. And honestly, the final ending doesn't even matter. This really is the kind of game were you as a player are meant to enjoy the journey and not the destination.Many choices you make actually do have a pretty significant amount of gravity on how things turn out. It's actually pretty amazing to me how much effort the makers of this game put into allowing the player to explore different ways to do things. There are three kinds of choices you can make. One beings small choices, choices that don't really change anything at all or are only done for fun. The second being choices that are small, but they actually change the game in some way later, usually a character talking about something differently than they might have otherwise. The third kind of choice you can make is what I'm calling a ""big choice"" The game  freezes for a moment and lets you make a decision that will dramatically alter the way things unfold later on.One of the great things about Life is Strange is that the game's protagonist, Max, discovers very early on that she has the power to rewind time, and because of this, you can just about always rewind time after making a decision, just to see what kind of alternative outcome you could have gotten. It's fun to see the different ways things can unfold, and it makes the decisionmaking process that much more engaging since you can't simply undo every single decision you make.That's not to say that the only gameplay here is clicking one of two buttons to make a choice. Even though the game is mostly linear, there are lots of distractions to keep you occupied. I looked at just about everything I thought would be important at some point, and I don't think I can overstate how much effort the developers of Life is Strange have put into the extras you can find. Everything you can find in this game is interesting to some degree and just loaded with small touches that make it come to life. There are so many optional things to look at and read through it is absolutely insane. That and the occasional time-travel based puzzle sections make the game interesting and engaging moment to moment.Once you finish one of the five chapters, the game will stop for a moment so you can look at the decisions you've made, and compare the choices you made to the choices that other people made. There are several you will look at and think ""huh, I didn't know you could do that"" It might not sound like a big deal, but it actually makes for a pretty great motivator to keep moving through the game. Once the next chapter begins, it does a TV series-esque recap of important things that have happened in case you need to be caught up to speed.The game's length feels just about right. It doesn't linger on for too much longer than it needs to, although I certainly wouldn't have minded if there was more to get into here. I beat the game in about 12 hours, although it probably could have done it in 6-8 hours or so if you just chose to rush through everything. There's a pretty hefty amount of replay value here as you can go through things individually by chapter if you want to explore all the possibilities available to you._____________________________________________Life is Strange is now the gold standard for what story-driven games of this genre should be. It's by no means perfect, but for the price and the things it will make you feel, there really isn't anything else like it."
,Recommended,319630,24756627,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BatmanintheNorth,"This game is brilliant! Life is strange is easily one of the best games I have ever played. The heartwrenching and mind binding emotion, the detective and puzzle work you have to solve. And just the doubt that hangs over you with every action (even breakfast got me thinking that mybe my character needed more protein). Every choice comes back to haunt you in the end. There are clues and hints of forshadowing through out the whole thing,(Those of you who are detail oriented will see them, I however looked them up) The ending is haunting and no matter what you will cry. I really don't want to give any spoilers because like alot of games it is so much better it you do not know anything going in. So, if you like games that have time-travel, murder, intrigue, obvious twists that still catch you off guard and over all story richness and immersive quality buy this game.Or you know don't, do whatever the hell you want I really don't care. But have fun because that is what games are for."
,Recommended,319630,24651546,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ShpShftr62,"The visuals, the soundtracks, and most of all, the storyline was so damn beautiful.... couldn't sleep last night because of the ending...never been so emotionally attached to any game like this even though I'm a 20 year old guy...different kinds of characters, and what kind of roles we play in each other's lives... Gaming has never been so vivid...wish I could rewind time and play this game over and over again....Hats-off to Square Enix for this masterpiece!! Do play it!!"
76561198079325765,Recommended,319630,24986459,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sk8FstEatAss,"Coming to look at the page of this game agian and hearing the music play in the trailer brought in such a huge wave of nostalgia. This game is an emotional roller coaster, and I could not reccomend it any more... Absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,25890842,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Snow,A wonderfully emotional story with difficult choices each heralding their own consequences. The soundtrack works beautifully with the atmosphere of the game and the beautiful art style10/10 - You simply must play it!
76561198119850702,Recommended,319630,25630603,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Justice Twerks From Above,"Great Game, amazing story and music. Would play again except not willing to risk another existential crisis."
76561198071547149,Recommended,319630,26698871,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,muerthe_svk,"I played lot of games in my life, but this is one of the most beautiful games I had chance to play.Story is amazing and very interesting, characters are well written and feel ""real"". Game full of emotions and when you play the game you feel like teenager again.Soundtrack is amazing, mostly ""alternative, hipster"" music, but it suits well for this game.Lot of things and options to explore in world, your choices make difference during gameplay.BUT I have to be honest, at the end your choices don't matter at all, as you are left with two options and it absolutelly doesn't matter what choices you had during your game. Only interesting thing is that at the end of each episode you can compare your choices with other players.Overall it is a wonderfull game, which you wont forget and at the end you will feed sad that the game ended.Strongly recommend, especially for people who love rich storytelling and games which give you some emotions not only ""stupid fun""9/10"
,Recommended,319630,26683590,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GiShiFu,"This game... I don't know where to start. It was a deeply emotional experience for me. It felt so real and resonated with me in ways that I haven't felt from a game in years. Everything from the school hallways to Joyce Price cooking breakfast in her kitchen reflected my own life with almost eerie accuracy. I felt myself transported back to happier times in school or when I was close to friends that I've since lost contact with. Even the darker, more esoteric themes that arise later in the story really struck home. Life, death, and human suffering all hang in the balance according to the choices you make. This is not one of those episodic games (*cough*Telltale*cough*) where the choices are ultimately irrelevant. I guarantee that you will be moved and even disturbed at times as you struggle to do the right thing. I bawled my eyes out at one point and stared at my choices for about ten minutes unsure of what to do. While this won't be true of all people, in particular if you're a young woman in North America, you will feel a painful level of intimacy with the protagonist and her experiences, which makes everything all the more real.This game isn't just a story about a girl, though. You'll see the influence of movies like The Butterfly Effect and Donnie Darko, and games like Bioshock Infinite, at times to the point of being derivative. The ramifications of quantum physics have been a hot topic for the past couple of decades and Life Is Strange has jumped onto that bandwagon face-first. Still, this manages to be its own creature with its own commentary on chaos, time travel, morality, and destiny - all influenced, of course, by your own decisions.In the end, I was able to get what I cared about most from the story, but it was bittersweet and thought-provoking. Did I do the right thing? I don't know. And I think that is the whole point."
,Recommended,319630,26694049,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ThesaW,"I have been playing games for 12 years now and ever since I only played a few games which really gave me a real satisfaction playing it. This is one of those games and for the real reasons. From a technical standpoint the game doesn't requier allot of specs for it to run smooth. It is really optimized and I really like the art style. The story is hearthworming , cleaver and just really good. The gameplay is one of the most creative one i've seen in a whyle. All in all it is one of my all time favourites and I can't wait for the next game the publishers release.I really recommend this game for everyone."
76561198171146322,Recommended,319630,24685598,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Steve_Taro,"This game is giving me a new vision of playing videogame. I would like to mention that I had never looked at this game until episode one is released as a free version. First time, I decided to download this game because it is free, but you know what!! I cannot get enough of the story only for episode one. I was buying the rest of it at once afterwards. It is a good game, and this game give us to explore around Blackwell as good as I play The Walking Dead. On the other hand, this game seems better because it allows player to walk around and it gives you a tough decision sometimes. The best thing I love for this game is level design. The game is worth itself with drama story and fantastic plot combined together as like as a perfect breakfast in the morning. I would recommend someone who never try this game before. Episode 1 is offered for free, give it a try then I guarantee you will buy the rest of it as I mentioned before."
,Recommended,319630,24744669,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mouse,"Life is Strange is hands down, the best game I have bought on Steam to date. Play.....if you dare. Fair warning. This game will make you question every decision you've ever made in your life.I highly recomend this game to anyone seeking a game with a knock out story, killer soundtrack, and beautifully constructed graphics.Life is Strange will possess you completely, to the very end.Two thumbs up."
76561197976465875,Recommended,319630,25021556,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ghost,"This is a review for Episode 1 only. All statements are my opinions.Awesome game! It's close to perfection in so many ways:- Intriguing story- Choice-based gameplay- Cool, time rewind feature- Great soundtrack- ""3D"" characters and complex relationships- Graphics are a good compromise between performance and detail- Free to try 1/5 of the game!!!- Achievements only take a little extra work to find (it's clear what they are and roughly where you'll find them - this is key for my enjoyment)- New (to me) and very functional user interface- Special Features (directors' commentaries)If I had to nitpick, there are a few things that I could point out:- Some of the time traveling isn't properly addressed (the main character stays put as time rewinds, but no one responds to her suddenly appearing near them like they would if she ""teleported"" like it would look from their perspective).- The paint can gag is not very believable- The graphics could be more detailed (even after taking into account the style of the game)To summarize, though: Stop reading reviews and go download it already! You'll probably like it and it's free to play the first chapter and watch the Directors' Commentaries.P.S. I have lived in the Pacific Northwest and to hear game characters talking about the drive-in movie theatre in Newberg, Oregon, U.S.A. - which I have personally frequented - is amazing! Drive-ins aren't that common so this reference is perfect - huge location accuracy points (even though the game's town is itself fictional)."
76561197973670777,Recommended,319630,19957747,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,scooby01,Amazing!
76561197996080140,Recommended,319630,19388885,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Crash,Go and get it!!Awesome piece of art... you will be speachless!11/10
,Recommended,319630,19957167,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,blu3max,"The art work is really well done and may not be as glitzy as a AAA game but the overall game is very immersive, damn it went inception/the butterfly effect half way through 10/10 wish there was more"
76561198219560820,Recommended,319630,19959423,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Moonstone2015,Worth your time.
,Recommended,319630,29713731,Posted: 5 February,all,Tobarus,You know a game is good when you stop playing half way through because you don't want it to end...
76561197993905976,Recommended,319630,32066644,Posted: 30 May,all,Shadowsword,"What a game. Where to begin, and what to say without spoiling plot points?It'll present you a lot of choices, often critical, and give you the often nightmarish, sometimes very satisfying ability to replay that moment and choose the same or a different choice, with the knowledge that once you walk away, you're committed to your path.It'll mess with your mind and pull at your heartstrings.Above anything else, it tells a hell of a story.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go lie down a while."
76561197995637473,Recommended,319630,14578631,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bremmen,"What can i say about this game ok here goes1. its very well writen2. its intruging and goes along way to make u want to know whats going on3. it looks very nice4. the sound quilty is amazing and really playes well in the setting of the gamebut there are some issues but its not game brakeingly bad its the only fault i can find in the game. The story is very linere and doesnt seem to try and vairy very much, dying means starting the scene again i wish death was not a objective restart in the story unless u had to start the whole thing over a End is a End kind of thing because it feels like no matter what happens you cant let certain things happen.But apart from that this game is actually the first Episodel game i have ever played and now i find myself trying them all so thanks you Square-Enix loads of fun lets hope u push your story in the later episodes because its fun allready just needs that little Push to be an absolute amazing game 7/10 without a doubt for me so far"
76561198082104699,Recommended,319630,15057315,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,xreflex,"I've spend quite some time in this game, trying to find hidden clues ( and there are a lot of them for those who played and never noticed ) only to realize how much i have missed on my first play trough. I most definitely urge everyone to play this game. It's been a long time that a game actually made me feel and care for the characters which has not happened since Telltales walking dead and even that game didn't draw me in as much as this game does, it really is that good. If you like these kind of episodic games then wait no longer to start playing it !!!!Thanks so much for this awesome game DONTNOD ... Big thumbs up from me !!!The Good:Interesting story that keeps you drawn inGood story twists that make your jaws dropInteresting characters you will care forGreat voice actingGreat graphicsHidden clues to give a hint to what might have happened ... if you keep your eyes open.Relaxing to play (besides a few moments that will mess with your emotional state of mind)The Bad:Long wait time for the next episodeFor me its a 9,5 / 10 so far.  I can't wait for the next episode and i can only hope that the ending of the game will not disapoint coz if they get that right then this game will be a instant classic  :)"
,Recommended,319630,16707681,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hibana no Siege,"This is my first review for a Steam game and although it is a rather short review, I can say that this game is honestly one of the most interesting coming-of-age/young adult/slice of life story I had the pleasure of knowing in my opinion. Although some dialogues can leave much to be desired, the characterization of the cast are humanizing and real with their own established personalities, motives, and history that dwells deeper as you explore and interact with them. The main female lead, Max, is an especially likable character where her thoughts on the game's world gives unique insight while her actions reflect you as the player to create a very well-done formulative experience.I only wish the lip-syncing was on point but otherwise the inclusion of the time travel mechanic plays a crucial role of establishing this game's identity as well as driving the narrative further with the decisions you make and the decisions you reverse. The game has a very reasonable price tag for a game of its standing and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone seeking for an enriching story-driven game where the choices you make will have unforeseeable consequences for the better or for the worst with each episodes' release."
76561198313380702,Recommended,319630,25275881,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,deideag,A truly beautiful game about friendship. The choices you make influence the further development of the plot in an ingenious way and the characters were created with much love to detail.
,Recommended,319630,30938643,Posted: 4 April,all,Banana Warlock,"Best game I've played in a long time, Epic story and tough decisions. Get It Now!"
76561198229487988,Recommended,319630,17312991,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,twitch.tv/mlukniwe,Best single player game ever.
76561198047591944,Recommended,319630,30040739,Posted: 19 February,all,[FuRy] Qarz,"I want to start off by saying that i do not (from the most part) play these episodic story types of games (i only played TWAU before LIS). And to be honest i would not even buy LIS if it wasnt on discount and if i didnt have the money in steam wallet at that time. However i am glad it turned out this way.Story Introduction: You play as Max, she is a teenageer on Blackwell high school, just as normal as someone can be (aside from that nerdism but we are all nerds here arent we?), you come to her in an art class where you find out she wants to be a photographer and she likes taking selfies, everything seems to be normal, but soon you will experience something unnatural which starts a long chain of events......Gameplay: I did not expect much and we indeed did not get much, in this area, the game really did not do anything special, just what you would expect.Graphics: I am so glad the graphics are not holding back the whole experience, they are not great but they are good enough.Visuals, Art and Audio: I wanted to split these three at first but i feels its just not possible. This is the reason the game is so good, it excells in every one of these categories. Sometimes the game is poetic and i found myself loving the long scenes with no dialogue, sometimes there is no music and it fits right in, with other aspects telling the story even if there is nothing to outright tell us whats going on.Every single character is releatable from a certain POV (except the main antagonist, who is really evil), they all have a reason for being the way they are and the game doesnt condemn them to be good or bad outright which is a huge plus from me, because in the real world, even the worst people arent burning cats all day long.Dialogues are good and voice acting is solid too, they really help you care about the characters in the game which you inevitably will and i regretted some decisions from the beginning of the game where i decided to be harsh on some characters.I am glad i played this game, its an amazing experience that will leave you empty, heartbroken and thinking about a lot of things. If games are really art, then this is a prime example of it. Now excuse me im off to crying in corner because the game ending left me depressed.Dontnod more seasons pretty please.Definitelly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,14519583,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fisk,The feelz tho o.o<3
,Recommended,319630,30214431,Posted: 26 February,all,MyName'sLaura,"Wow. I'm speechless. This is one of the few games that have really made me make soul crushing decisions that make me feel actual feelings for the pixels on my screen. You can spare $20, just buy it and go on the journey of a lifetime. 10/10"
76561198032428497,Recommended,319630,32148536,Posted: 3 June,all,sillykinma,"Dear Dontnod... this game had me do barrelrolls all around my mind and it's emotions. One second I was happy, the other confused and the third I was crying. This game is the best game I've ever played... I used to think that about Skyrim or Fallout series or you know, any of the many good games out there, but this one, is the best.I managed to get the elusive ""third ending"" where, after I picked the very last choice, got to see Max and Cloe share a kiss. And after that I, a man in my late 30's, started to cry... and I did not stop until the end credits had rolled by almost half way.Dontnod, this game is the best game. Thank you for this gem. Thank you."
76561198036160294,Recommended,319630,24663624,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg_HOSS,"I've just finished Episode 1 and I can say without a doubt I'm loving this story. Now all I need to do is purchase the other 4 episodes and be sad that there are no more.Edit:Finished the last 4 episodes. The ending was not exactly the best, but if one would think about it for a few minutes it's kind of brilliant. I am not saying it was great, but it was not the worse."
,Recommended,319630,19255039,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,MIDIManNI,"Play as an cliched American female student? Not me....""go on, try it..."" said Dave! I did and it's a surprisingly addictive, well put together game/playeable movie!Go on...try it...!"
,Recommended,319630,19260352,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,zeusrex,"Is this game perfect? NoIs this game ultra-linear? YesIs this game amazing? Oh. Yeah. Definitely.I generally dislike linear gameplay. I like to play games for joy of interaction, I like to feel like I'm in control and my actions matter.While this game is flavored with choose-your-own-adventure choices and outcomes, ultimately it's one long story with only two major outcomes.And it turns out that this is okay. The story is so well-told, so beautifully voiced, that I didn't care at all that I wasn'treallyplaying it.Phenomenal."
,Recommended,319630,17260042,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Waka-san,Masterpiece.Waiting for Season 2. :)
76561198083906913,Recommended,319630,32807774,Posted: 26 June,all,speakercontext,"I think you'll enjoy this game if:You want strong emotional invlovement. You want to care and hurt about the characters and their world. This is more of an interactive story, with very exploratory frustration-free gameplay.You're good with jumping into the skin of a hipsterish wallflower high school girl, gradually transformed by a superpower.You liked the demo (it's pretty indicative, only goes deeper from there).You're excited about choices and consequences, in life and in game.This really worked for me, a lot more than I expected.Life is strange, indeed"
76561198220381252,Recommended,319630,32807915,Posted: 26 June,all,Galaxy,Favourite story driven game!
,Recommended,319630,32935871,Posted: 28 June,all,✪M@g!Que skinsjar.com cs.money,"Its not just a game, its a perfect combination of story telling and make decisions gameplay. I generally don't like games of such genre. But I can't explain how much this game has affected me. I feel lost after playing this game.This game tells a emotional and dramatic story of a girl and her life. And keep in mind, each of your choices make a thing happen/not happen in the game.Played a game with such rich story in ages. HIGHLY RECOMMEND."
,Recommended,319630,33013782,Posted: 29 June,all,WaveHannah,much cri
,Recommended,319630,32892133,Posted: 27 June,all,๖KAMPFگCHWEIN 奮闘,Didn't throught at first I would enjoy it. But it hit me like a truck. Everytime I replay and finish it. I end up laying on the ground in a fetus position in my salty tearz.
76561198231547012,Recommended,319630,30301102,Posted: 3 March,all,Charana,One of the best experiences from start to finish
,Recommended,319630,32889798,Posted: 27 June,all,Porschz,good story and great gameplay.
,Recommended,319630,33002600,Posted: 29 June,all,[V] Karpiu,"PLEASE GOD BLESS THAT GAME, FOR ME ABSOLUTELY 11/10!!!"
,Recommended,319630,27316319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,madminer95,is it wrong to love a game that repeatedly kicks you in the feels and has a surreal ending? because if it is theres somthing very wrong with me
76561198140603575,Recommended,319630,33025389,Posted: 29 June,all,TheNoobofNoobs,This is one of those games that have a special place in your heart.
76561197990795660,Recommended,319630,33092235,Posted: 1 July,all,Lipoleumhat,"Some things to know about Life is Strange:1. It's for you if slow-paced but rewarding exploration, puzzle solving, and a lot of talking are sorta your jam.2. You should expect to cry like a man, a woman, or a small, helpless child (I was the latter) for 15% or more of your playthrough. 35% will be dedicated to mentally preparing for more crying or recovering from crying. 50% will be searching for the right angle to get THOSE GULL DERN SQUIRREL PHOTOS.3. The later episodes will mire you in a fog of existential dread and uncertainty, which you should really just learn to accept and enjoy, because this is your life now.4. You should be ready to hear teens say the words ""hella"" and ""selfie"" a lot and use the phrase ""are you cereal?"" at least once. If that sounds hella unbearable, just step away, I'm cereal.5. It has an amazing licensed indie rock/folk soundtrack if you're into that kind of music.6. Your choices, while not affecting the overall trajectory of the story, really do change how the story unfolds.7. The game is heckin' pretty, and it takes place in just a few immediately memorable locations.8. The VA and mo-cap performances are really top-notch, especially for the main cast, though there are some lip-syncing issues which can make some scenes either unintentionally funny or unimpactful.9. This is a game that frequently deals with serious social and moral issues in serious ways. Examples: bullying, sexual identity, friendship, PTSD, drug use, death, grief, time travel.10. Did I mention time travel? Because time travel. You do that, a lot. Chaos theory, butterfly effect, Groundhog Day, etc. It goes about as well as expected, usually.Is this even a review? After playing Life is Strange, I can't be sure of anything anymore.I rate this game a Max Selfie out of 10.[Edited for typos]"
76561197993626221,Recommended,319630,18239486,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kiwikaki,"Just Perfect... One of the best game I ever played, just buy it !"
,Recommended,319630,24833880,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,palcówsówka,"I gave her a chance, she took me for wonderfully slow walk and told beautiful tale that gave me feeeeels... and HELLA crush on girls with blue hair.I'm gonna miss you Max,even if you are just a video game character.10/10 Story driven game, SUPERB voice acting, fantastic art style, story and characters that WILL stuck with you, some minor technical issues with lipsync."
,Recommended,319630,24834625,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,NDXIII          CSGOHandouts.com,11/10
76561198324175594,Recommended,319630,33069863,Posted: 30 June,all,AJ Rocker,One of the best game that I have played till date not just a game its a life experience
76561198060003577,Recommended,319630,33104207,Posted: 1 July,all,Andrej Nikolajev,Best story game I played. This is the future of series and story telling!It was a pleasure to play this game and love & hate the characters.I literally cried ... not just once. The soundtrack is amazing and the game works perfectly with camera and music settings.Thank you Dontnod!
76561198120025986,Recommended,319630,20369187,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Drift King,"Ho...ly..♥♥♥♥♥♥.. This game is beautiful. The art, THE MUSIC, the characters... the story... AND THEN EPISODE 4 COMES ALONG AND HOOLLLYYY SSHHIIITTT. If you like any of the Telltale games, play Life is Strange. If you enjoy your heart stopping, bleeding, dying, being ripped out, then play this game. If you enjoy seeing the disasterous consequences of your actions, then play this game. If you enjoy missing out on great pictures apparently, then play this game. If you enjoy games, then play this game. Ok.Play. This. Game."
76561198093349318,Recommended,319630,20339037,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kiitran,"My friend told me to buy this game, I don't know if I love him or hate him."
76561197977689187,Recommended,319630,19999743,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,algifej,"Disclaimer: This review is about Episode 1.I really like this game, I have only a couple of problems with it that are usual to video games. I guess, it couldn't subvert everything:1. I wish it would be more freeroaming. I wish I could go to anywhere on the campus and talk to anyone at anytime. I mean, in real life I wouldn't just leave a discussion hanging in the air, just becuase the events swept me to another place, especially when there is no sense of urgency. I should be just able to go back and continute the discussion.2. Problems with sense of urgency. This is a typical problem of adventure games and video games in general since the text adventure era. The game gives me a mission with a sense of urgency and then presents to me a freeroam area where I can touch everything and talk to everyone. Or giving me options like playing my guitar or lying down on the bed. As this is a heavily narrative game with no possibility of going back (see my first point), this is their only place in the story and I can do these things only while there is an urgent mission in the back of my mind.3. This is a realistic game about human relationships between normal teenagers. With typical adventure game type puzzles tacked on. Do I really have to turn back time to rearrange things to get to an item just minutes after I talked to my friend? Why can't I just ask her to help? The change is jarring and I wouldn't understand what these puzzle portions are doing in the game if I wouldn't be semewhat familiar with adventure games. I guess, the devs were afraid that gamers wouldn't like a game withut ""real gameplay""? I think getting the NPCs to know and making decisions based on what I know about the NPCs is a very interesting mechanic, it doesn't need the Gobliiins type of stuff for padding.4. Oh, yeah, and it's really short, but it's an episode, not the full game, so, yeah.I liked everything else about the game. As English is my second language and I'm above 30, I have no idea if the slang spoken or the clothes worn is accurate or not, but I enjoyed it. I especially liked the subtle humor of the main character's voice acting. There were funny parts that were only funny, because I understood how she relates to things based on the tone of her voice. The mystery the story presents is really intriguing me, I am hooked. I want to know what's happening.The time travel mechanic is very useful, because I never feel I've been cheated. In many games the choices aren't well defined and the consequences feel unfair. But in this game if I don't like the immediate reaction of the NPCs, I can just turn back time and choose the other outcome. There are a couple of choices where one option feels naturally better than the other and the internal monologue of the main character tries to balance it, but I guess I will see their long term consequences in later episodes.I'm really enjoying it and can't wait to play the other episodes."
76561198089442875,Recommended,319630,20071344,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,supern0va3000,"The decisions of The Walking Dead , The wolf amoung us and The Witcher 3 feels like cakewalk compared to this."
,Recommended,319630,20072745,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SleepyShamen,grate
,Recommended,319630,20172424,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jesus,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal. One of, if not the best, story driven game I have ever played.A review simply can't do this masterpiece justice. Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198025203443,Recommended,319630,20041522,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dragon of Darkness,"Wow, Just wow, this is a fantastic game, I've just finished the first chapter and am desperate to find out where this story goes! 10/10!"
76561198117505363,Recommended,319630,20097317,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Abyss,Just one of those games that you play and keep wishing you can play it again for the first time. I would pay any price for this game and if I died after playing this game I know I would die happy. This game will hit you with the feels so be prepared and get your tickets for the feels train. One of the best sound tracks I've ever heard.10/10 would get hit by the feels again
,Recommended,319630,20057649,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,▬:Φ:▬,this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥tbh
,Recommended,319630,20092979,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Maylehh,This is the first time a game made me feel giddy to making me want to kill myself. If you don't play this game you are missing both the sweetest and most miserable story EVER. I feel like it's going to take me a month or more to recover from this...
76561198067579711,Recommended,319630,29114684,Posted: 8 January,all,nainy,Made up for all those years of not being a teenage girl.
76561198064262693,Recommended,319630,18138350,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Real eyes Realise Real Ice,Why does 3% of the reviews are not positive?
,Recommended,319630,18556464,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Seboos,I cried while playing with my friend. We bonded and had fun. This game is a new experience that makes you think about the consequences.
,Recommended,319630,18577725,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,daundre,honestly i started episode one and i was intreged. Episode two was nice and it built up the story. Episode three very dermatic especially at the end. episode four was a plot twist and a good one. episode five ruined it not to say it was bad but the choices are horrible and the game looses what it had in the begining fun (sometimes weird) conversations with people that (sometimes) seemed normal which made you feel like a normal person and not a god able of changing everythingI recomend it but i would get it on sale7/10
,Recommended,319630,18584432,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,munchick10,Truly the best produced game in terms of camera work and aesthetics. The entire game is intended to look as though it is existing through a viewfinder on an old polaroid camera. Choices being a factor in the game is very well recieved in spite of the entire ending revolving upon one choice each decision has connotations throughout the game which one becomes very aware of. The character models could use more work as one can clearly see that the most effort has gone into designing the main protagonist however the models were all hand painted which increases most opinions of the world as well as it being a truly wonderful experience. Perhaps it was because the character was so much like myself or perhaps it was simply because to the experience this is my favourite game of all time (and I have played quite a lot of skyrim).I recommend this game entirely and hope that whoever trusts this reviews enjoys it as well.
76561198076397535,Recommended,319630,18591728,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,batparty2000,This is the best game that I have ever played.
76561198120413315,Recommended,319630,18594635,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ericahopers,it makes you sad10/10
,Recommended,319630,18621121,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MullerSaru,"It made me gasp. It made me yell. It made me want to rip my heart out of my ribcage. It made me think for long periods of time upon certain choices, that left a hole in my chest later. It made my eyes melt.I hate this game.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18950125,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Q小弟,The feelzz.. Damn.
,Recommended,319630,19138453,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,combodudethegamer,Brilliant! The biggest emotional rollercoaster I've ever had! A must buy!10/10
,Recommended,319630,32924371,Posted: 28 June,all,Sleeping With Sirens,GOOD
,Recommended,319630,32837321,Posted: 26 June,all,Kyaizen,Don't remember the last time a game has left me so emotional. Great story. Great experience.
76561198080163895,Recommended,319630,33196379,Posted: 3 July,all,DoomRaptor,"Life is Strange, a game that buries some other story rich games with lots of additions.  A game that shows an example that goes beyond just a point and click.The story revolves around a student named Max Caulfield who is a college student in photography and has the ability to reverse time. Which is the the crucial part about the game. However this is one game that I will always recommend above anything else because of the power to rewind time. The whole game takes place on Arcadia Bay, set in Oregon. The whole setting will take places from you own school or junkyards. The story itself is written above and beyond. There are lots of plot twists, multiple climaxes, and can feel like a real emotion roller coaster and can make you cry multiple times that you might end up with dry eyes after multiple flushes....well not really...but in general you will love the story and the cast of characters with different personalities.Reversing time in this game is the key component of gameplay. When you make a decision in the game and you thought you made a bad one, you can always reverse and try choosing the other option and what you think, so you can get the best choice. Speaking of choices, you will have not to choose between two, but three or more in some parts of the story. However, there will be a few moments in the game that you will never be able to reverse time during critical moments in the story. And you cant rewind an entire episode just to fix something from 2 hours earlier. So it doesn't mean you're completely safe. Other story rich games like this don't give you the option to reverse completely and try something else. Unless you want to replay an entire episode that takes 1 hour just to say something different in one part of the story.While time reversing will be very helpful in tough situations, it also plays a role in puzzles. Some puzzles in the game require you to be at a different place at an early time before something happens. Making it so there is someone to save or something bad to happen that is optional but can help along the way of the main plot.Your character, Max, will also have an inventory with her. She carries a diary, photo album, cellphone, and charcater biographies. You will be using your cell phone and photo album for completeing puzzles and helping you progress through the story. However, when you mess with time, your phone and album can also change. So for example, you might have a enemy in the present but changing time can make that enemy, your ally, but it will negatively effect the closest characters in the game. The photo album is usefull for typing in passwords  or bypassing locks. Your diary will describe your history before and during the game, from the choices you made to what you have seen. Adn your character bios are, well you know, bios of the characters you meet and interacted with. Your cell phone will notify you about text messages from the characters you meet, messages will also change if you changed time so you might be suprised if your friends with your closest enemy.But what makes this game better than other story rich games is its brain games. For example, since you have time powers you will use them to memorize things in the present and predict them in the past. Although you can rewind time to try again, it takes several attemps if you have bad memory skills.Even though you will be doing point and clicks with other characters in the game, there will be times where you will have to control your charcters and do stealth sections when sneaking into somewhere, this makes the game less boring withclicks and more like a mini metal gear solid game (still waiting for chapter 3 *hint* *hint*) and is a wonderful touch to the immersion of the game and I thank DONTNOD for adding this addition to the game.Now while you can still rewind time backwards a couple of minutes from the present, you actually can travels years bacwards by focusing on photos. This matches with Max's love for photography and her powers at the same time. By playing a little mini game on a photograph, you will be able to travel years back for the start of the actual game. But heres the catch, you can't travel everywhere as there are walls that will block where you go so you have little room to explore and that its a limited time trip. However, there will be cutscenes where you will brough back to the start of the game but will some limits and changes.During your adventure, you will have opportunities to get pictures of certain objects or people. Most of the pictures you will take are basically achievements that you earn but there will be times where you will be able to take pictures that can benefit you during your story.....or make it worse......depends on what you choose or believe.The soundtrack to the game blends perfectly well with the game. Its not some retro, orchestra bs. The genres to the music goes from country, to rock, and simple acoustics and maybe a few snyths. It brings a nostalic feel of being a kid or being curious about everyting.The graphics are simple and I like it that way. Its good for people who can't afford a beast pc and gives that old school cartoon feel, but with violence and real drama thrown in.....basically an upgrade from the walking dead graphics.However, the only small thing that I found that was kinda weird in my 14 hour session was the lip syncing issues in the game. Although you will mostly pay attention to the subtitles and dialoge, you might come across lip syncing problems in a few parts of the story. Mostly the lip syncing would be working fine during the story but you might come across where your protagonist, Max, will talk without moving lips and it might look weird (and sometimes I think that shes talking to herself in her head, lol). I don't find it annoying or bothering since I don't really pay attention to it but a fix to this bug would be appreciated so it doesn't kill my crying mood, lol.Ok, well I think I covered almost everything I've experienced in this game. My conclussion: IT IS TOTTALLY 100% WORTH A BUY, Even if it's not on sale. This is probably the best story rich experience I had ever since playing the walking dead.Rating: 10/10Note: 10/10 doesn't mean its perfect, but it means that this game is memorable and deserves to be in everyones library."
,Recommended,319630,33196488,Posted: 3 July,all,DADDY,This game is hard to let go...
76561198042703634,Recommended,319630,16724329,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,☠Ἇpocálypse☠,one of the best story's you can make in this game just pick the right Path or any Path you like and there more Replay for it.
,Recommended,319630,33130023,Posted: 2 July,all,Mistaf,Amazing game!
,Recommended,319630,33256298,Posted: 4 July,all,Filho,This game made a hole in my heart 12/10
,Recommended,319630,33259636,Posted: 4 July,all,LETS GET RIGHT INTO THE NOOSE,Story is just so amazing. the character development was extremely good to the point where it felt like you were in the game experiencing everything.Would recommend to anything thats into a story rich game
,Recommended,319630,33258415,Posted: 4 July,all,Zaheer,Best game ever.
76561198120434949,Recommended,319630,32790205,Posted: 25 June,all,Audiable learner,The real superpower in this game is how fast these kids can send text messages.
76561198178426585,Recommended,319630,15825398,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,dora,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,319630,31162715,Posted: 15 April,all,Swordsforhands,"Life is Strange was a breath of fresh air to me. Finally, a game that does not involve walking around with a gun and killing anything that gets in your way.If youre looking for a game with an amazing soundtrack, immersive story, and some great atmosphere; youre in the right place. This game is about your choices and what destined to happen. Will your choices dyrastically effect your story? I wouldnt say that, but it does change your perception of the world.The artisic value in the game was fanominal. From the character design to the art and overall grahics the game used. Though if it could work on anything it would be the voice over animations. I know in the last episode there was a glitch where one of the characters mouths' wasnt moving. Nothing too bad.As for gameplay- You could say it's mostly puzzle work. Youre playing a life of a person so expect to walk around, pick things up, and answer questions. Some wont consider it a game, but whatever. Beyond better than those anime story telling games out there. The cut scenes arent that long actually. At least comparing to Assassin's Creed games anyways.Thankfully there is a demo of the first episode you can try out. I highly reconmend it. Even at full price."
,Recommended,319630,33276186,Posted: 5 July,all,puddyn,"Super Max will f*ck your sheit up!Seriously though, f*cking amazing, I finally got to play it myself."
76561198211143431,Recommended,319630,33293979,Posted: 5 July,all,raymaK,10/10better graphics than telltale seriesbetter story than until dawn
76561198280529158,Recommended,319630,26673256,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Phyto-j,This is such a beautiful and freshening game i love it and i defenetly would play< it like 3-5 times again just for the beautiful story and characters
,Recommended,319630,33323603,Posted: 6 July,all,Freddy Krueger,It is a slow game but the stories are pretty amazing. It brings the calm aura to the players. I would definitely recommend this game to even the non gamers.
,Recommended,319630,33309200,Posted: 6 July,all,Schildpaddo,"Teen drama, time travel and photography make a surprisingly good omelet....Allright I'm not the type to write a comment, on anything. Ever. (This is my first review).I think that is the main point I'll make for why you should play this."
76561198116963160,Recommended,319630,15857644,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Cereal Killer,"One of the most beautiful and intriguing game i've ever played, amazing story, good graphics,sweet sounds and music and wonderful gameplay. highly recommended for people who wants a game they can relax to and take time to explore"
,Recommended,319630,33330648,Posted: 6 July,all,Leo,"Greatest story I've ever read. Lovely art style, cinematic sences, vast interaction with in-game world and soundtrack that give you goosebump even just by walking Max around. It's just an amazing game."
,Recommended,319630,32177880,Posted: 4 June,all,✪ Fenna,"This game has a pretty decent story-line and it works pretty well with the choices. Every ending is the same though, but the way you interact chances based on how you choose to do things, and you are able to save or not save people based on the choices you make"
,Recommended,319630,33338003,Posted: 7 July,all,sylliesayrawr,"By far, one of my most favourite games all time.It is a truly unique experience to be immersed in a world, rich with breath-taking sceneries, indie songs and the heart of the game, their compelling characters. There is no game like it. I wish it would just continue forever.One word: Wowser!"
76561197960397413,Recommended,319630,33290282,Posted: 5 July,all,pun_cala,"Episode 1: Hmm this is rather interesting.Episode 2: What the hell? This game is fantastic!Episode 3: This game is going straight  to my top 5.Episode 4: BEST. GAME. EVER.Episode 5: Still great, but the relationship stuff is the best part of the game.This is the only game that has made me cry. I have never cared this much about the characters in a game before. Technically, the game has some issues as many scenes have poor lipsyncing. There are also some parts of the game where the quality of script writing dips, but those instances are fortunately rare - usually the dialogue fluctuates between brilliant and absolute genious. Life of Strange manages to capture something rare, and it hit me so hard that I'm probably going to follow closely what Dontnod (the game company) does next.11/10"
76561198020134348,Recommended,319630,33361054,Posted: 7 July,all,Gurren,Not Like This
76561197981032408,Recommended,319630,19812228,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Jotaro Kujo,"Great game, superb Atmosphere and good Story. Lovely Characters."
,Recommended,319630,33308226,Posted: 6 July,all,Ghilees,"One of the best games I have ever played, rivaling that of Crash Team Racing on the PS1 as my favourite game of all time. It's story line is incredibly rich and developed and the choices you make feel as if they actually change the world ingame. Definately worth a shot considering the first episode is free."
,Recommended,319630,33292257,Posted: 5 July,all,MRDx000,"I've bought the complete season; finished Episode 1+2 so far, and it sucks to know that there's only 5 episodes in total, because it already feels like one of those games you feel very empty after you finish 'em, like what should you do with your life now!The Story is very rich with result-changing events, even the tiniest decision would have a weight. The soudtracks are awesome, and the visuals are excellent. The controls are very easy to handle.It's very nice the developers decided to let users try the first episode for free and a smart move too. When I saw the trailer I thought I was watching a movie trailer; I don't think I would have bought the game based on the trailer alone, but would have watched it if it was a movie! And, since the first episode is for free I decided to give it a shot and then BOOM, instantly got hooked and bought the whole series.note** I've just noticed Summer Sale is over! I was lucky to get the game for 4.99$"
,Recommended,319630,33396480,Posted: 9 July,all,zsec,"I can only sum this up into one word, Masterpiece.."
,Recommended,319630,33275428,Posted: 5 July,all,Kenn Tenn,"i dont know what, butt the game and story make me soo ..... :(((("
,Recommended,319630,33364927,Posted: 7 July,all,I N T A L,"It's one of the best episodic adventure game I've ever played. With a very rich story, nice graphics, soothing soundtracks, amazing story with plot twists.. You cant's say no to this game. It's really the best.*sobs*Too bad Chloe had to Die.. (My choice)*Manly Tears...*"
76561198217926525,Recommended,319630,28924233,Posted: 1 January,all,Awl,"It was ok i guess, eps 1-2 was pretty good, eps 3 hooked me in, eps 4 made me cry, eps 5 made me rage in anger for duping me into believing that my choices actually matter when it doesn't. The journey was great, the ending was just beyond frustrating."
76561197978877314,Recommended,319630,18694013,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,rabbit,"Absolutely brilliant. Flawed, definitely, but no game has ever made me care about its central characters or their relationship as much as this one. Buy this game & play it. And then thank yr lucky stars for yr friends."
76561198050360102,Recommended,319630,18695310,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,line_of_sight,"Just finished playing this and it was a rollercoaster of emotion, the story is great, you really connect with the characters, this game has got me wanting more story based games on this level that have you this connected and desperately wanting the next episode out."
,Recommended,319630,33373490,Posted: 8 July,all,MadROGamer,This game have a really interesting story !It's worth buying this game !Story 10/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10
,Recommended,319630,33389052,Posted: 8 July,all,Missing,"An epic game with a tear dropping story, one of the best games I've ever played. Thank you max and chloe, and I still need to calm myself down after finishing it."
76561198150216426,Recommended,319630,33354325,Posted: 7 July,all,Otto Berghage farmskins.com,"One of if not the BEST game i've ever played, it litteraly made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥Damb you onion cutting ninjas"
76561198050658567,Recommended,319630,17290019,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SleepingWithMotion,"Twas good. Little slow for my preference, but good either way."
,Recommended,319630,17292681,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,kittyyuna,"i admit that the lip sync doesn't match with the audio and the animation could use a little more work. HOWEVER, the plot, characters and the heavy ordeals that you have to face when playing as max feels so real. it's truely a look into this genneration's life through a high schooler's eyes. absolutely amazing!"
,Recommended,319630,17295832,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Strawberry Milk,"I couldn't save her, man. I couldn't ♥♥♥♥ing save her."
76561197975359487,Recommended,319630,14262693,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Savage,"Life Is Strange is one of those indie titles that can be easy to miss. Thankfully I didn't miss it.Being a fan of Telltale works, Life Is Strange is most definitely on par with some of Telltales better titles. I would go as far to say its probably the better story driven game out of any of Telltales works cause Life Is Strange is purely that, story. There is no quick time events (none as of yet) and the emphasis is purely on the story. Sure, you can rewind time, but you do so in order to reverse any potential conflict that might arise from your choices.The writing feels 'real' as does the pace. In Telltale games you can often tell when contrived choices are being made for you, and you lose some of the immersion that goes with that. Here, it feels a lot more natural. Your not sure what impact your choice will have, and that's how it should be. There is no right or wrong way when making decisions cause life is never that simple, and Life Is Strange makes it so that its more of a 'grey' area when it comes to your choices.Life Is Strange also bears some similarities to Donnie Darko and somewhat Steins Gate, but its writing is fresh, the story is excellent and the characters have enought depth to them that makes you forget about any similarities that it might have with other stories/concepts.I was very skeptical going into Life Is Strange. I didn't expect it to be that great. Nor did I buy the season pass or the entire episodes such was my skeptism. But having played the first episode and completely it entirely, I can safely say I'm looking forward to the other episodes."
,Recommended,319630,14252993,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sesime,"This game is like The Walking Dead video game minus the zombies (I wouldn't be surprised if they did add zombies, this game always keeps me guessing) mixed in with time travel Teen drama. It's very fun and quite addictive. I played through the first episode in one sitdown and now I'm craving more! If you like ""create your own"" story games that gives you choices and tailors them to future events then I highly recommend it. This is a new game so there is a few bugs (only one I've came across personally is audio issues i.e. skipping and echoing). I can see myself going back and playing thru to get different endings and different events! The main character is easily relatable to us gamer geeks as well; which is why I think I enjoy the game so much. I do recommend it and I can't wait for Episode 2!"
,Recommended,319630,15092691,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DoctorSmoke,That feel when too many feels
,Recommended,319630,16859541,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ladysonic_,Really good game but episode 3 is an extremely frustrating cliffhanger!
,Recommended,319630,15741143,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Anubis,"Its an amazing game, graphics are stunning and the storyline keeps you glued to your chair"
,Recommended,319630,14326814,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,sl1ce,"Good story, but first episode too short."
76561198191628775,Recommended,319630,16772718,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ThUnd3r nUggZ,The best game I've ever played.
76561197994117373,Recommended,319630,16806207,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kemonokun,"Its a beautiful game and feels even more polished than comparable story-driven games like those from telltale (Walking Dead, The wolf among us etc). Life is strange does not rely on quick times events, but rather its dense atmosphere and likeable and memorable charaters.The Narration and atmosphere of the game finds a sweet balance between dark and light-hearted, blending those elemts in a way that everything feels like a quirky indie-movie. In the best way possible.The Game is not without flaws though. Life is strange does, from time to time, throw some cringeworthy, cheesy moments at you that feel forced and out of place in the otherwise fantastic narration. Some Characters are reduced to stereotypes. Most of them work in the game to tell a story though. And lastly, after playing through the first three episodes most of the choices you make do not seem to make as much as an impact as the game wants you to believe they would (all in the tratidion of telltale games i guess...). Since there are two more episodes to come that of course remains to be seen though.Please keep in mind, all of those flaws would not weigh as heavy if the rest of the game would not be as fantastic as it is. Can only recommend!"
76561198004003990,Recommended,319630,15984852,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ETHKA.,This game really surprised me. once i played it a bit i really got into it.
,Recommended,319630,15983014,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Snarglefargle,One of the most wonderful games I have ever played. It's story rich with deep characters. It can pull at your heartstrings and crush you emotionally. I really get into this game. I hope more like it come out.
76561198165718758,Recommended,319630,14519052,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,undertale,i love it
,Recommended,319630,33238314,Posted: 4 July,all,haydenrocks02,"Brilliant game. The graphics, story and plot twists all on point. Can not reccommend enough."
,Recommended,319630,33404389,Posted: 9 July,all,Time traveler,This game rules! Srsly I have played a lot of games but man...this game goes right to the first place and I regret that some game would be better...PS: writing this while crying
,Recommended,319630,28856693,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BURGER KING BOY,yo this game is crazy10/10
76561198130097959,Recommended,319630,27821810,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bald & Pervert,"Yup, obviously a cool gameThe Character    : 8/10The Story          : 8/10The Artstyle       : 9/10The Graphic       : 8/10"
,Recommended,319630,33390990,Posted: 8 July,all,JeBuZjAcK,Absolutley fantastic story driven game. I don't think i know anyone who has said this game is bad and i'm no exception.
76561198146598694,Recommended,319630,33370326,Posted: 8 July,all,Szipu,"I don't know...  When I saw the last achievement I was happy and sad too,  this is worth every dollar.     When I finished episode 4 I was sad because I knew the last episode is comingThis is the best game what I've ever played :D"
,Recommended,319630,33441423,Posted: 10 July,all,GatthewMore,"One of my favorite games of all time. A real unique experience that I have never gotten from any other game. Story sucked me in I put about 22hrs in a week beating this.Super happy there is a prequel with Chloe coming and a true sequel Life is Strange 2 that I'm sure will have nothing to do with this story, which is also kind of sad at the same time. Few games make u actually care for the characters and this one did.Really pretty almost painted graphics, fluid gameplay(albeit just walking around and looking at stuff and dialogue), and some of the best voice acting in any game to date.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33313866,Posted: 6 July,all,Joer5835™,"Wow. What a game.Life is Strange is a very unique experience. It's an interactive graphic novel, very similar to the games that TellTale makes (i.e. The Walking Dead and the Wolf Among Us). It even follows the same structure in that the game is broken up in 5 episodes, each around 2-4 hours long (it took me around 15 hours to complete my first playthrough). It is also heavy on player choice, more on that later on.The story follows Maxine 'Max' Caulfield, an 18 year old girl studying photography at Blackwell Academy in Arcadia Bay, Oregon. One day she discovers she can rewind time and help herself and others with it. Together with her best friend, Chloe Price, she starts using her powers in order to look into the mysterious disappearance of a fellow Blackwell student.The story is without a doubt one of the best written stories I have ever seen. Not something you would expect from this game. Yes, it looks like stereotypical high school teen drama with an underdog character that suddenly gets superpowers shoved in. Yes, we've seen that stuff before. Practically 75% of Tumblr fanfic comes close to themes like that. However, Life is Strange actually managed to surprise, amuse and even shock me. It touches some very deep subjects like the nature of friendship, destiny and prejudice. Every character is fleshed out. They have good and bad sides and the game plays around expertly with anticipations and prejudices. You will judge people and will come to regret it later on once you learn the whole story behind them.The time rewind/travel thingy is an interesting concept. First of all it provides an interesting plotpoint and brings up several questions throughout the game. Is it right to alter time for your own benefit? What will happen to our modern day if we change even the slightest thing in the past? Choices do actually matter in this game, and there's a lot of them. You can use rewind to alter any of your choices. This must seem like a system to easily abuse, but it is quite the opposite. You never know the consequences of your choices untill way after you made them. Too late to rewind and change. It gives you the option at the time to think if you really wanna stick with your choices or not. Just be ready for the consequences of your actions at the end.Second of all, rewinding is a great gameplay element. Despite the heavy focus on story and characters, this is still a puzzling game at heart. Rewind is a tool to solve puzzles. For example, in a certain scene you must escape a building at night. Whenever a security guard is in your way, you must tactfully rewind to when he was standing somewhere else so you can pass. The game requires some thinking and skill in solving puzzles, but I didn't find any of them difficult. In fact, my only complaint about this game is that the puzzling was a bit too easy at times. On the other side, difficult puzzles might have infuriated people and distracted them from the amazing story tying this game together.I will give this game credit as well for their amazing soundtrack and for the fact this game is set in 2013. I was 17 myself in 2013 and just getting ready to start going to Uni so this adds to the nostalgia factor, something this game also plays very heavily on. I was also impressed by how real the teenage characters felt. None of them felt cringey or unrealistic like you see in many films and series featuring teenage characters. They also handled geek culture very well.Overall I recommend this game to everyone that likes story rich, emotional and different games. The puzzling is not that great, but it's really for the story why you should play this. Personally I find this one of the best games I've played the past few years.9/10"
76561198085130060,Recommended,319630,18633357,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nesidolon,One of the best point and click adventure games i have ever played. 10/10
76561198040806931,Recommended,319630,18689770,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Noiseminded,Incredible game.
,Recommended,319630,28927265,Posted: 1 January,all,Sofizzle,"This is a good game, it has lesbians!10/10"
,Recommended,319630,14458370,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,StealthyWolf52,"This is a game that as many before me have said rivals the like of TellTale's Series like The Walking Dead or Wolf Among Us. The game has really well written dialogue, interesting characters (to a limit), amazing art style that will leave you at awe, really fun gameplay even if it is just for episode 1 right now which is a lot of story building and development, captivating twists, and much more. Besides a few minor nit-picks or thing that would probably take too long to work out in a game like this, the game is great. A few issues that seem to already have been fixed are my only downsides right now. I bought all 5 episodes and as of right now I'm sure I won't regret it. Being able to reverse time while keeping your position and items on your person will certainly lead to some interesting puzzles. Decisions will impact you in many ways as it has already, making you feel like an idiot or a god depending on what happens. Some yhings you have to search for or be an adventurous player to find. A lot of small details and other included things make it so easy to get immersed into this world. Some decisions I only knew about after reading the final stat screen making me want to go back and replay the episode just to find them and see what happens after doing so. Some decisions make you wonder ""How will this affect me in the future???"" and others will just leave you sitting there like ""What the heck?"" If you are skeptical buy only the first episode, but it is a great game in my opinion. 9/10 is my final score."
,Recommended,319630,14385030,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,YukiAkano,"Okay i finished now all 5 Episodes and i kinda have to redo the hole thing.This game just blew my mind. I didn't see it coming.The Story was amazing and nothing like i expected it to be.I can't really tell how much influence my decisions really had since i was so satisfied with my one playthorugh that i don't dare to touch it again.The Graphicstyle is lovely. While the controls with the Keyboard are a bit clunky and you surely have a better experience with a Gamepad, it is by no means bad.The only bad thing about this game that i can think of, is that if you finish it, like a retard like me, in the middle of the night. You will have a tough time sleeping.Not that it is scary by any means. It is a really well done game with thrills but no major scares. But the Story will take time to leave your mind. At least that is the case for me.If you enjoy good stories. Or a decent singleplayer game with a lot to explore, but, thank god, in a  somewhat linear fashion, im sure you will enjoy Life is Strange.And in case you somehow find out how my decisions were, i regret nothing!"
,Recommended,319630,14399058,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Virgil,"Fantastic modern interpretation of an adventure game. Interesting characters and setting - the best description I can come up with is The Longest Journey meets Twin Peaks, but in a high school setting. Really looking forward to the next episodes."
76561198010143537,Recommended,319630,14404588,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,WARFAR,This game is AMAZING! :) All the extra details put in to this game. It`s also very well optimized! 10/10 Would play again! Now if you will exscuse me im off to getting the rest of the chapters of this game.After playing ep:5 of this game: Very sad ending! :(
,Recommended,319630,14429585,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,flamaster99999999999999999999999,"Вся суть игры - эмоции, которых порой слишком много. И это хорошо. Серьезно. Вы купили игру, которая играет в вас, в ваши эмоции! Просто пройдите до конца 3-ий эпизод и вы поймете, о чем я."
,Recommended,319630,14431473,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Kyriex,"This game is very beautiful and unique. Max encourage us to try all the features, the coiches may looks easy, but sometimes it's not that simple. Very brillant, I love the art, and also the soundtrack of this game. If you like game with female protagonist, you will definitely enjoy this game. Can't wait for the next episode!"
76561198078886208,Recommended,319630,14763301,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BETA_worm,One of if not my favourite game EVER!
76561198132640595,Recommended,319630,14793784,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,NepNep,"This is an awesome game with the potential for a amazing story. It has a beautiful soundtrak, great visuals, good gameplay and like I said an amazing story so far. The only real problems i have so far, is the not too amazing lip syncing(isn't always too bad, occationally horrible) and occionally empty stare the caracters have(also not alwasy a problem). Im really looking forward to the rest of the episodes. I recommend this for people who likes a good story and choice based gameplay."
,Recommended,319630,14795076,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,็็็็็็็็็็ح,"As compared to other story based games that have a decision and consequence mechanic, I can already tell just by episode one that this game is on a much higher level. The graphics, story, and music are A grade with background and character that is just as fitting. I would recommend this game to pretty much anyone that is old enough and capable enough to feel enjoyment from a game with a good story and appearance through a seemingly painted world."
76561198038262067,Recommended,319630,14955277,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,rayboyd47,"No Spoilers in this:Started ep 1- seems like forever ago, and was like, OH okay this is an interesting game, cant wait to see what happens next.Started ep 2- which again seemed like forever ago, was like.. oh wow im kinda feelin emotional right now.Started Ep3- Was puzzling but still kept its spark.Started Ep4- I couldnt think straight, couldnt eat right, all my thoughts on events were wrong, even had to just sit in a corner and rethink if i'm ready for the 5th episode.Started ep5- a few hours ago, determined nope i was not ready.. left me numb, the emotions this game gives you is probly better than any game anyone's played.this game is worth it but I will warn you, it will have you feelin some sort of way, kinda like that feeling you got when Dexter ended.Gl and make the right choices!"
76561198127246362,Recommended,319630,14963396,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dr. Fruktsallad,"Life Is Strange is a very interesting game in the same style as The Wolf Among Us and The Walking DeadUnlike other similar games, you actually can get to see the consequence of your choices before making them in this game.You can make a choice and see what happens and then you just reverse time to check if the other choice(s) leads to something better.This game has many likeable and dislikeable charactersA interesting storyNice musicGood graphics and interesting gameplayThere are some glitches and stuff like that, but it's nothing that ruins the gameI really like this game and I will probably buy the other episodes when they are released"
,Recommended,319630,30402840,Posted: 8 March,all,LIAM NEESON,"Story is good...but the gameplay a bit slow if you use mouse and keyboardand you cannot skip the conversation, when you ""redo"" the chapterhaving a good time playing this game,i like the story, but when you finish it, you will feel like sad and empty...hoping for more episodes..."
76561197976203432,Recommended,319630,16590880,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MADDOGG,nice
,Recommended,319630,16765876,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,darkslayerz,I drowned my plant by watering it one time per day.11/10 would water your plant
,Recommended,319630,16691834,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Supdude,"I got this game looking for a deeply engrossing story to just lose myself in, and boy did I find it.  I've been mezmerized by the world of Life Is Strange, and find myself invested heavily in the tale.  I've come to believe you can only care about a story if you care about its characters... and that's what the game finds you doing.I strongly recommend the game -- don't even buy just the first episode, get the season pass and save some money in the long run.If you have zero attention span or are macho man who doesn't like ""non-manly"" things, please don't waste your time."
,Recommended,319630,16685485,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Karv,"""...all your in game actions and decisions will impact the past, present, and future. Choose wisely...""Played the game. Present to future.Changed the past in the future. Thought it was good.No. Don't. Just... don't. *cries**deletes game**deletes harddisk**dissolves hardware in hydrochloric acid**throws bucket out of window*Would mess up my whole view on my life-decisions again 12/10"
76561197994736210,Recommended,319630,16575696,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WOLF,"""Do you recommend this game?"" yes yes yes and yes. in a nutshell: i usually don't play games like this. but it looked interesting and i bough the first episode, and damn got i hooked.......i am the kind of person that really really appreciates the kind of details in this game.thanks a lot for making it :)and in case u can't buy it through steam because of a bug:First step, open your browser and add to cart :http://store.steampowered.com/sub/16366After that is done, paste this in your browser:https://store.steampowered.com/checkout/?purchasetype=giftThen click enter. It will go to the gift purchase step, click store in inventory for later.After that, go to inventory and redeem your gift.Also using this will purchase it for yourself, avoiding the gift nonsense:https://store.steampowered.com/checkout/?purchasetype=self"
76561198068555971,Recommended,319630,16635567,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pie Adelise,Good!
,Recommended,319630,16635846,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Karpet Terbang,"AMAZING GAME!!!! I've been wanted this game since it was out, and finally i bought it!!! FINALLY!!!!10/10 AMAZIN'"
,Recommended,319630,16569624,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,RAKUS,Max reminds me of Khaleeda Rashid.
,Recommended,319630,16558708,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Phearean Knight,"Went in not knowing what to expect, now I can't wait until the last two episodes are out.  Thank you based Gaben for Steam sale."
,Recommended,319630,16560334,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lankaster,11 time rewinds out of 10Gameplay - 11/10Soundtrack - 11/10Plot - 11/10Dialogues - 11/10It's the first game that exicted me for real. Even your girlfriend will complete this game with pleasure.
,Recommended,319630,16545761,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wonderboy,What I really like about this game is that there's actually a fine line between the outcomes of the different choices you make. Also Brooke Scott
,Recommended,319630,16528561,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,imelman,"This game,is a combination of a visual novel and an adventure game with an ability to go back in time. You play as a woman,who at first awokens at a lighthouse,and then awokens in a school,eventually finding out that she has ability to go back in time: Later,you will see how that ability helps you and it has a choice - consequences after doing them. You may ethier do 1 thing and 1 group of people will like it,while the 2nd group will hate on return. This forces player to choose carefully what choice has the most worth and what's not.The game itself is about 2 hours long,but with episodes its even more."
76561198168420449,Recommended,319630,18120552,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nero,Soooo how about that Ep 5?
76561198052342278,Recommended,319630,18122317,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hacienda,This game made me contemplate my own mortality. Not sure how I feel about that.5/5
,Recommended,319630,18574429,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NeverGonnaGiveYouAWP!,This game gave me 2 heart attacks per episodeThere's a Foals song in itaaaand I can't say anymore because EVERYTHING is important for the game:Spoiler Alert:Even the title is an spoiler
,Recommended,319630,18575650,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Lawrie Desu,"If you like to be involved in your favourite TV show stories and like to play awesome games with a great story, then that's the game for you. Divided by episodes and an exciting story, Life is Strange can make you feel like the characters are your own friends. I recommend it to EVERYONE in this planet!"
76561198027395116,Recommended,319630,18576097,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Legalize Kakuna,the best
76561198064851598,Recommended,319630,18576126,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Xaessya,Moral of this game: Don't take selfies!
,Recommended,319630,18577793,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ezio Audacity the Refrigerator,"Life Is Strange is an outstanding example of an episodic adventure game. It's story is gripping, with twists and turns that will always keep you guessing. The characters are written believably, and each interaction makes you really believe that these are real people.Words can't really describe this game, so I highly recommend that you check it out."
,Recommended,319630,18444124,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Lord Etanur,Cool!
,Recommended,319630,18451252,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Railgun of Science,"This game, i don't even know where to start with it. Definitely one of the greatest games i've ever played.The story alone makes it worth playing. Add to that the artistic hand-drawn graphics and it becomes something very special. Now the choices, water a plant ""this choice sill have consequences"" O.O. Between the different choices throughout the game, there are so many different combinations that its impossible to play them all. Finally, the events that will unfold as you play are simply amazing how they will pull you in and immerse you. A rollercoaster of events."
76561197976906719,Recommended,319630,18451624,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PuppyMagic,like the music
,Recommended,319630,28586232,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,elosik,I cried like a baby 10/10 buy it
76561198157030939,Recommended,319630,28595247,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,cadd,amazing get the entire series
76561198144925481,Recommended,319630,28598600,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,-xoniu-,If you wanna cry just play it.
,Recommended,319630,29122066,Posted: 8 January,all,Kamikaze,"Words can't do it justice. You can't possibly capture the beautiful tale of Max and Chloe without immersing yourself in Life is Strange. The series' conclusion has left me ""polarized"". I'd definetly use my rewind powers to replay this game once again."
,Recommended,319630,29145278,Posted: 9 January,all,ICH BIN VAC BAN,THIS GAME IS VERY INCREDIBLE !!!! :p
76561198043940478,Recommended,319630,27894052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hyper_gateway,"Honestly, it has been quite awhile that I cried so hard when I play any game.Not only I was touched by the story , but also I can relate to some of the problem that Max and Chloe have encountered. Life is never easy upon us, and it will try really hard to beat me down at any second. Max is a figther and Chloe is a survival, together they form a solid invincible team.If you like TellTale's game, you will love this game! I can see some are comparing this game with Mass Effect; however, I find that is hardly the case since the choices you made at the end is totally related to the decisions you made during the journey.Without spoiling anything, I would suggest you give your most honest response to the choices and you will be rewarded. Well, if you walk down the bully way though, good luck~ XD"
,Recommended,319630,27913495,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Awesome Possum,"This is truly one of the best games I've played in my life. I must admit, the scientist in me was a little disappointed, but the artist in me was so deeply touched. (In other words, don't expect to explain anything that happens using quantum theory.) Life is Strange touches upon some important social issues, and also blows the mind on occasion. The characters are quite relateable. The soundtrack is AMAZING. The aesthetics are also quite lovely. But mostly, the story. The story is incredible.This game touched my very soul.When you play, I highly recommend playing each chapter through a couple times or so before moving onto the next chapter. Certain events cannot be unwitnessed, and I think it's worthwhile to get new perspectives before pressing onward. That way you can fully understand the events as they unfold. (Plus, achievements!)Also, the story can be very rough at times. Some harsh and disturbing things happen. Be prepared to play Episodes 4-5 consecutively (dedicate some hours of playtime for this).  Trust me. You'll understand when you get there.I also recommend equipping yourself with a blanket, snacks, drinks, and a playing companion. One of you can take the mouse while the other takes the keyboard. :) Oh, and make sure you have tissues, because it's kind of rude to wipe your nose on someone else's shirt. (Did I mention you'll probably cry? Consider yourself warned.)"
,Recommended,319630,27920852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dester,"Okay, let's get it straight first. I'm a 34 years old man, who's playing video games since the age of 8. I don't remember any games I played so far to make me ride on an emotional rollercoaster, then came this game. At some part I was sitting in front of the TV with glassy eyes, holding the controller in my sweaty hands and I just wasn't able to move on. I needed some time.No, this is not happening, I said to myself. And... at the end, I was crying. Sorry, not crying, there was something in my eye.So... Buy this game. Even at full price. (After playing this, I bought the Limited Edition - boxed - version once more.) Don't get fooled that this story is about a typical American teenager.You'll experience the story of your life, I guarantee it."
,Recommended,319630,28195420,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,GamingAeries,"This game is all about the soundtrack, the art style, and the story telling. Every action has a reaction, so on and so forth... every decision you make will change your experience, which I love. Soundtrack was stuff that I wouldn't normally listen to but thoroughly enjoyed, the art style is simple yet beautiful, the characters were super easy to get attached to and I found myself getting all sorts of feels as early as Episode 2, and the story is incredible. From the time travel to the investigation into Rachel Amber's disappearance to the heartbreaking story of Kate Marsh, the story is immersive and complex, and I'm feeling like it'll take several playthroughs for it to really feel complete because of every road that you don't take, so big points for replayability. However, if reliving the story isn't your thing, still a damn good story to follow for twelve hours.It's also worth mentioning the note between episodes that states that there is a section of the Life Is Strange website that is dedicated to finding support for people who are dealing with some of the issues that are addressed in the game such as violence or bullying. You see a lot of dumb toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥in the gaming community, so I was surprised and impressed that they put some thought into finding a good way to address it.Thoughtful and well executed, this game definitely gets a 10/10 from me."
76561193019315542,Recommended,319630,28118879,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,gangsta*,great story
,Recommended,319630,28053880,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vahl,"This game is a true masterpiece, great storytelling and great acting. You end up really caring about the various characters and the consequences of your actions."
76561198027970461,Recommended,319630,28060616,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Reavy,10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,28199692,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,IeatAss<3,"Men dont cry, but im ♥♥♥♥ing bawling. I got the free episode just thinking this was gonna be one of those games id never want to finish. After the first episode, i bought the full season and proceeded to play for the next 10 hours until i reached the final tear jerking conclusion. THE MUSIC IS AWESOME. the attention to detail had me at the edge of my seat. The writing was perfect down the the very last word.10/10 if there ever was one. Please give us more!"
76561198010205048,Recommended,319630,20163229,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vupont,"You start this game out thinking it's just about a teen girl's life, but it builds up to be much more with twists that make the player sympathize and have remorse towards choices they make or characters they interact with.Wowzers, it's truly helluva emotional roller coaster.11/10"
,Recommended,319630,26332158,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ritz,Highly recommended. Excellent story and soundtrack. Fun gameplay.9.5/10
,Recommended,319630,28980302,Posted: 3 January,all,Gray nugas,"Great Story.. oops, we made the story. XD"
76561198151927545,Recommended,319630,28997896,Posted: 3 January,all,Bee.Buzz,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing godly. Only problem was that I personally felt like the trailers spoiled alot of the suprises. But this game was still amazing. The storytelling was ♥♥♥♥ing incredible and the choices felt like they actually mattered. Definatly recomment this game.
,Recommended,319630,27469897,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ʀɪᴛsᴜ,"One of the best stories in games , good game ever ."
,Recommended,319630,27505003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Terka,good game
,Recommended,319630,27381846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veritas413,"I laughed, I cried. I told my friends. Play it. It's different from anything else I've played."
76561198139109034,Recommended,319630,18588454,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,More tilted than SCCC,I got this game soon after it was released and OMG i have a nostalgic feeling after every episode. The 2 month gap between episodes has been a killer but now all the episodes are out i just want to go back through and play it all again. Awesome storyline accompanied by an amazing soundtrack and design. Would definitely recommend this game
,Recommended,319630,18588541,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Delusion,"For me it is one of the best games, if not the best game ever. I really enjoyed the story and the atmosphere the producers put into it. I can only recommend this game!"
,Recommended,319630,18588701,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Point,"Through out this entire game, I felt like I had a connection to the characters, every choice changes little things. In the end, you have to make a really hard choice... I almost cried, it was a very good game, I recommend this to EVERYONE! I hope to see more games like this from the talented creators from Square Enix!"
76561198057036337,Recommended,319630,18588731,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bolton 87,Awesome Game!!!There are so many WTF moments and a story which is the best that I ever saw in a video game.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18589413,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HardHurt,"This is the best game I've ever played in my whole life. Almost made me cry. Gratz guys, I hope you make a second part, that would be awesome. Keep doing things like this, I'm sure you can."
,Recommended,319630,18589864,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,A-D-L,"There are few games that are as impactful as this. A beautifully crafted experience that will stay with you. The only downside being that you can only live this tale for the first time, once.Life Is Strange, and Majestic, Weird, Sorrowful, Joyous, Meaningful, Elegant, Colourful"
,Recommended,319630,18590914,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,✿ Tzaponeza ✿,ONE OF MY BEST GAMES I EVER PLAYED!! I LOVE MAX'S STORY AND I LOVE CHLOE:3
,Recommended,319630,18591248,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sirknobbles,"When a game makes you feel this ♥♥♥♥♥♥, you know this game is sadlike legitidk if i made the right choicethis game is so painful"
,Recommended,319630,18502456,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sfullez,Just wow. Play it. You'll never experience something like this game.
76561198157829077,Recommended,319630,18466808,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,KoALLABEAR,"Edited: View bottomReview from episode 1-4Holy bloody green wallpaper of patato computers. This game blew my mind. Well, this game turned me into a hipster because the soundtrack of this game is so amazeballs, its going to change your everyday music playilist.No emoji- Best Episodic game ever. Waiting for episode 5. Im glad i bought the game before all episodes where released becuase i would have been depressed as hell if i finisned it in one sitting. Oh Max please don't die.Episode 5Lie down, try not to cry. Cry.Changed my life, I will have to stare at my wall for days trying to get over this game. I chose to keep my blue haired angel alive... No regrets, no emoji"
76561198041216334,Recommended,319630,18467250,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Regell,Wait until all 5 episodes are out until you buy this.  YOU WILL HATE YOURSELF IF YOU BUY IT NOW! The wait is figuratively killing me.
,Recommended,319630,18208791,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kyliee,when it says watering you plant will have consquences .. u know sh*t just got real10/10
,Recommended,319630,18209608,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AMAZING AMY,10/10JustBuyItYou won't regret.
,Recommended,319630,18416333,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TimFortress,You can try axe Chole like the Walking Dead series...
,Recommended,319630,18406925,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Gldn,"Episode 1 FEELS like its going to be a campy, cliche-ridden-scooby-doo-like mystery adventure.Episode 2 informs you that the latter is NOT true at all.Episode 3 takes all of your RENEWED assumptions and destroys those as well.Episode 4 HOLY SHI...WHAT THE F...DUUUUDE...FUUUUUUUUU..."
,Recommended,319630,19592280,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Panda ❤,"Went back in time to make better decisions, screwed up, went back in time again to fix everything, screwed everything upx10.10/10 would want to receive a text from a dog again."
,Recommended,319630,19587728,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Funky,if you like these types of games its ♥♥♥♥ing awsome! xD10/10
76561198063320483,Recommended,319630,19611315,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Grimwulf,"One of the best games I've played in a long while. I've become a huge fan of Telltale Games, and this game improves on that formula in many ways. I haven't been able to stop thinking about the characters, soundtrack, story, and just the overall ambience of the game, even since I've finished it. If you enjoy games that make you think, and feel (so very much), then you will absolutly love this game."
,Recommended,319630,19583942,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Tunt,"This is a fantastic game! It puts some of the best TellTale games to shame with its incredible storytelling, visual effects, and relationships the player actually makes with the characters.I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of incredible stories told in the most incredible way"
,Recommended,319630,18688449,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Nicky,"""what the hap is frickening"" -everyone probably"
76561198309540082,Recommended,319630,29263910,Posted: 14 January,all,ItsLittleNova,"So I've avoided a lot of the playthrough of this game because I wanted to experience it first hand, and I'm glad I did. First this game has a very pretty and interesting style of graphics, almost like a 3D painting. Second the story of this game is just mind boggling. Every decision you make has SOME sort of impact, some good, some that can screw you over later. The game is so ever changing that it keeps you on your toes all the time. This game has moved into my top 5 list. 10/10 would highly recommend."
,Recommended,319630,29195643,Posted: 11 January,all,V1P3R,"The game has a great story, deep and well-fleshed characters and some of the most beautiful cutscenes. Detail has been lovingly put into the environment, and creates a mysterious, and wonderful game.This is definitely one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,29154565,Posted: 9 January,all,hellcase.com Nitori,"God, this game left me speechless. The gameplay might not be anything special,(thought the rewind mechanic is pretty awesome) but the narrative totally makes up for it. The way your choices impact the story and how you can fix some of your mistakes by rewinding time is amazing. This game hits some serious subjects, and ties your feels all up in a knot, but it always keeps you wanting more. This is one of the few games that has impacted me so emotionally, alot of it resonated with me personally and I'm sure it has for many others. This game is definitley worth the money, you won't regret buying this, it has changed my view on life so much, and I hope it is as enjoyable as much as it was for me! Now what are you waiting for? GO BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!!"
,Recommended,319630,28483674,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PlanetOgo,"I feel like I've been kicked in the heart.My one criticism was going to be that, especially in the early episodes, there are a lot of slow sequences that don't seem to advance the story much... but in the end I realised those were the moments that got me to emotionally invest in the characters.Life is Strange looks great, has an interesting time rewind mechanic and clever puzzles, but above all else, a beautifully written story and characters that stay with you after the game has finished."
,Recommended,319630,28261982,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Delta,It's not a game it's an onion.A good onion :)
,Recommended,319630,28331485,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Bitsebolle [BE],Masterpiece! 10/10
,Recommended,319630,28326013,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,LiLc,Play this game!
,Recommended,319630,28131149,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,=~*N.A.L*~=,"Have nice graphic,can be play on low specs pc and 10/10 mae me cried"
,Recommended,319630,28182658,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,G_W_11,"Life is Strange is just such an amazing game. The characters, the story and the soundtrack .... it just feels right.Got the game on Sale for 4,99€, but 20€ is an okay price for such a beautiful game.Would recommand it to everyone who loves games based on a good story and decisions that impact the story and the characters behaviour.10/10"
76561198068629520,Recommended,319630,28183266,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lieutenant Nexus,You on anti-depressants?You wanna be?
76561198128899392,Recommended,319630,28191245,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Slaric,"This is one of best story drivin games I've played. It speaks to you, especially if you enjoy games like this. I would recommend it to anyone. So give it a go and experience the beauty that is Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,28196774,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Vel,"A beautiful story featuring story telling elements of fantasy and classical fairytale all while mixed with modern sci-fi sensibities.In the grande scheme of things Life is Strange is about choices and the degree to which our main character, Max, is willing to make them. The paths and consequences of taking them you are willing to and have the stomach to live with. It is about learning to be a time artist, one who can see and alter the very fabric of time and space.One might also characterize it as a coming of age tale, of a loss of innocence. As well as it being a test. It's the classical character shaping test of a magicly gifted/cursed (?) person, one who has control of time and in so having this control - is presented with a grande test of reasoning, memory and emotional fortitude. To live with the choices you make, navigate them and accept your self as what you (magically) are, with your best friend.I supopose, in closure, it ought to be said that this game hits on a lot of nerves. Elements of the human condition and life in general. These parts of the story, and of the characters in particular are about more than someone with time travel and its manipulation. It's not only a story about magical people. But real (fictional) people too. The kind that matter and which the story, leaves you caring about as good characters who've been through a lot and made it out, alright. Mentally scarred, impacted, changed. But, alright...still going forward.In completing the story it's rather easy to be left with a sense of melancholic about the time and place the story crafts. That despite the drama, horrors and choices made by the characters, ... there was something comfortable however short lived about the time and place. About the characters. Something very human and realistic.---Note: I'd love to see Max and Chloe continue on to Seatle following the aftermath of Arcadia Bay."
,Recommended,319630,28111578,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,w o a d,why isnt there an acheivement for only crying once542/10
76561198063376721,Recommended,319630,27912687,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A random Doujin reader,"I'll tell you what, I nominated this game outright with the I'm not Crying award.This game sneaks into your heart and clutches onto it, Until you finish it.I personally, Did not take that well as you can see I nominated it for a good reason.I recommend this game to anyone that wants a game to get into on your free time and Explore the life of Max in Acradia Bay."
76561198088674348,Recommended,319630,27913884,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Flakzera tradeskinsfast.com,Intense♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,28001968,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cooper,High school drama + sci fi. Best game ever.
,Recommended,319630,30205019,Posted: 26 February,all,Beardyviking,"I feel...i don`t know what i feel. sadness, Happines maybe even hate. But what i do know is that this game is not a game. Its a pice of art, a lesson for everyone. Thank you is all i have to say."
,Recommended,319630,30210664,Posted: 26 February,all,Joyful Dreamer,"I laughed, I cried, I was part of the story, and now I'm sad because there isn't more. :("
,Recommended,319630,30184888,Posted: 25 February,all,Ferine,"Life is Strange ruined me emotionally, you should play it."
,Recommended,319630,28084994,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GamrGamr || Farmskins.com,"Good Story, always good and fun to play."
,Recommended,319630,26759102,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,cheeseburger aka Adam,I've played all the episodes and i can now officially say that i have no life.10/10
,Recommended,319630,26991623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daruman,This game hurts my eyes so bad :(
,Recommended,319630,27275522,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,toXeen -Kitsune-,Life is Strange is by far the most astounding game I have ever played and is defnitiley a must-have for story-lovers and anxious teenagers.The decision-based gameplay makes it even more emersive and the need to find out how the story will continue will keep you glued to your screen for hours.
,Recommended,319630,30105762,Posted: 22 February,all,Pels,Lesbian sex with sad story and powers to go back in time10/10
,Recommended,319630,29598556,Posted: 30 January,all,red,gg
76561198125418485,Recommended,319630,29000346,Posted: 4 January,all,Tacitus,"The storyline is silimar on a certain level compared to the anime series Erased. Good series, great game!"
76561198058664067,Recommended,319630,31141457,Posted: 14 April,all,Draexzhan,"First off, if you're just interested in gameplay, stop reading. This game is not for you.Now that that's out of the way, on to the review.I picked up this game with a pretty good idea of what to expect. As a big fan of Undertale, quite a few people told me I'd enjoy this. Feels trip with multiple endings and whatnot. And you know what? They were right. I DID enjoy this game. The whole game is basically making sense of the grey area between right and wrong, which is something I like seeing. You're living in a corrupt♥♥♥♥♥♥hole of a town, and it's loaded with people to despise. There's also people you'll like, and people you'll want to stop hating you. The cast of characters doesn't have anyone completely irredeemable, and likewise, there are no ""cinnamon rolls."" And then there's you, trying your best to be the everyday hero. Can you mend the life of someone without destroying another's? This game escalates. It pulls no punches. It does everything it can to make you  cry.Unfortunately, it didn't succeed. Not with me, anyway. But when I beat the game, I was left with plenty to think about. Honestly, that's what a story driven game boils down to for me. There's times where I think the game tries a little too hard, though. Like ""Oh no! That sharp piece of debris in the road is gonna pop that school bus tire and then it's gonna swerve off a bridge and drown all those children! But if it stays on course your cat is gonna run out into the street in front of it and die! What do you do?"" sort of thing. It gets a little too conveniently... inconvenient... sometimes. But it's a good game. A good story and whatnot. And afterwards you can look at how many people made the same choices you did.That being said, for having as many plot-impacting decisions as it does in the game, there's surprisingly little branching in the actual story. Honestly I really want to go into detail about this but that'd just spoil the whole damn game. I'd say at two completed playthroughs, I suspect even completionists would be done with the game and likely would only touch it again to show a friend."
,Recommended,319630,29557821,Posted: 28 January,all,Ebi,Masterpiece
,Recommended,319630,29565991,Posted: 29 January,all,Lelouch vi Britannia,"Life, indeed, is strange.A combination of unique gameplay, lovely graphics, eargasmic soundtracks, and heartwarming story.Prepare your feels."
76561198044884717,Recommended,319630,27807046,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nemi,"Very good game with a deep story line, great soundtrack and interesting characters. Though ending is a bit dissapointing. But in general this game is worth playing."
76561198067285838,Recommended,319630,26542526,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,beansen,"I usually don't write reviews... bla bla bla.Seriously. This is my first and only review I will ever write, because this game derves it. I've been playing games for a long time now and this is one of the best games I have ever played. I bought the first episode, played it in one sitting, closed the game and bought the remaining episodes. The art, soundtrack, gameplay, story (oh my god the story) is just perfect. If you haven't played the game yet, just do it."
76561198105920194,Recommended,319630,31424829,Posted: 28 April,all,plejerplejerchina,Loved everything about this game. Definetly worth buying.
,Recommended,319630,20309031,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,yellow cat,One of the best games ever
76561198260491070,Recommended,319630,20326602,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PlutonB,"Was late for the party so I played through all episodes during the course of a little more than a week. Here are my mostly spoilerfree thoughts after having processed the ending for three days and going back and forth through the five stages of grief..Episode 1-4 of this 5 episode game was something of the best I've played, and I've played games since the late 80's. I couldn't recommend it more, a must to experience.But from the end of episode 4 and onwards the game takes an unprecedented turn downwardboth storywise, in pace and in delivering a solid ending (not to mention the ""budget"" feel of much of it through the reuse of a striking amount of audio and visuals from previous episodes).I feel almost as if they must have changed writers and producers for the last episode. I can't get my head around it, and I've been spending the last days wading through the forums for an answer. No luck.The biggest gripe I have that I think is good to be aware of is that this claim on the sales page is pretty much a lie, so don't wait for it.""Multiple endings depending on the choices you make. ""To be fair the choices does have a big impact on the story told and experienced which is a big plus. But not the ending.To sum up,I still have to recommend it due to the first 4 episodes that blew me away.But be aware though that to continue playing after going from a certain party towards the end of episode 4 may spoil what could have been the best game you ever played and render it to become a decent one. If you end up feeling like me, that is of course not guaranteed at all.."
76561197999824868,Recommended,319630,14879967,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Geodude07,"If you like Telltale games, then you will probably like this. It has a very similar feeling to it and manages to create a very interesting environment in its own right.It's not just a copy and paste of Telltale style either, but it will appeal to people who like that. So get it. Enjoy it.Episode 1 was pretty fantastic. It really captures the feeling of a school so well at first and then adds a twist to it. What if you had the power to manipulate time? This feature is integrated well into the game and something dangerous is looming in the future. Little interactions matter and paying attention to details seems worth it.Episode 2 builds on this even more. There is more danger and more to worry about. You also get to use your powers a little more. Interction with characters feels meaningful and there are some powerful moments. Looking at little details had a huge payoff for me at the end of this episode.I'll update this review with each episode. I will also try to avoid any spoilers."
,Recommended,319630,31647763,Posted: 9 May,all,AG3nT_5W4GG3R,Hats off to the story writers and directors of this game. No more words to say. Just get it.
,Recommended,319630,30012073,Posted: 18 February,all,youniverse,"i dont know what to say, but this game is very very beautiful, and i would recommend this for everyone i knew, even not a gamer, im sure theyll absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,319630,26476713,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Nathan Young,i removed my cringe review lel
,Recommended,319630,32640979,Posted: 22 June,all,Dave Rofjob,Totally recommend this game. It will mess with you in so many ways but its so worth it. ++++++
,Recommended,319630,32871708,Posted: 27 June,all,GΛΜΒLΞ,"This game is much better that it looks first.This game was in my inventory for a year, when i tried it...Now this is my #1 story based game. That songs and sounds are make a beautiful, and peaceful atmosphere.There are some hard choice, and these make the game better.I'm waiting for the second LiS."
,Recommended,319630,18806665,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Black Phillip,I tried to kill everyone but they wouldn't die.
76561198027289728,Recommended,319630,14256449,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Fatalfox,I don't usually post reviews for a game but what can I say about Life is Strange. If it was a show I dunno if I would  be as interested it feels like it could be a tv show but its a game and something about that just flares up a certain charm that I can't look away from. I absolutely loved episode 1 it had me begging to never reach the end knowing I will have to wait another month for episode 2. All in all I loved this game and would recomend it to anyone who loves a story telling game.SPOILER BELOW:The only part of the game that annoyed me and completely threw off the immersed vibe I had going was the weed scene with Chloe's step dad. What annoyed me about this scene was if you went back in time after he caught her with the weed you are given the prompt to throw the weed away. Instead when you try to your greeted with a teasing message saying you arent allowed to throw it out theres no point because of the smell. Granted I know the smell of weed is strong but Chloes step dad only noticed the weed when he looked at the joint. He never mentioned a thing about smell and never took notice or seemed suspicious of it until seeing the joint which you clearly could have thrown out and were even given a fake prompt to do so.
76561198033501307,Recommended,319630,18807011,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,m.kranich,What started off as a whimsical tale about a teenage girl gaining time travel powers and using them to navigate through the usual high-school drama ultimately turned into an emotionally crushing experience that drained me of all happiness and joy until I was nothing but a crying wreck.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18807549,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ziptyes,OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD ITS CRAZY HOW ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD THIS GAME ISAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,18807733,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Modafa,Great story great soundtrack for great game.
76561198050230465,Recommended,319630,18808301,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,oblivionmw,"Not my typical style of game, but amazing nonetheless."
,Recommended,319630,18808699,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,hayleykitty0,This is a great game and it very very adddictive.The only complaint I would have is that it does not have enough episodes!I'd love to play more games like this.
76561198079352891,Recommended,319630,18808882,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Brian Wilson,Never got my Ape date.10/10.
,Recommended,319630,15082501,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,C0rvus,It's like they made the Butterfly effect video game. Excellent and engaging story & characters
,Recommended,319630,18691205,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,drmangor,just made a 44 year old cry. what a fantastic game.
76561198035567893,Recommended,319630,18736639,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,OK-47,"I once described this game as “Bully, but if it were melodramatic and if Jimmy had superpowers” and I kind of stand by that assessment. Life Is Strange has a great approach to all the themes it pursues, from power and mystery, to relationships and existential crisis. It’s a slow moving game that asks you to take the time to observe it at your pace and solve puzzles on your own time. The time-shifting mechanic is actually a fantastic device in a metagame sense, because it lets you try a situation over and over until you can tweek it to your preference, which is important since the choices that you make do resonate through the whole game and change your experience fairly heavily. This is something that I feel like Telltale games, and their frantic approach to conversational dialogue tend to make us miss.While the final chapter does not take the tone that I wished for it (it’s a little scattered) it had to have been hard to come to a satisfying ending that obscured the audience from seeing where it was all leading. That being said, choices in this game can be a little frustrating. If you’ve ever been watching a movie and said to yourself “I would have done something different” during an integral scene you will probably be frustrated while playing this game, as the segments wherein Max has to make a heavy decision tend to leave the player strangled between a handful of choices that all seem to have predictably bad outcomes.Finally, I find that this game has a fair amount of disturbing imagery and compromising situations that left me wondering if it was entirely necessary. As our culture careens further into a squeamish sea of trigger-warnings, this game stands like a deceiving rock against the tide. It presents an inclusive approach and promises a heartwarming tale of adolescence ribbed with supernatural oddity, but u-turns into a Saw-like hellscape of suicide (on part of both animal and human), abduction and murder, as well as multiple situations where the player has to make difficult decisions between life and death. Reading the ESRB tags, or even the user-defined tags didn’t tip me off about what I might be walking into, which is why I feel like it’s worth mentioning in some form.If these are things that you think you can handle, this game is a great narrative in the modern adventure game style and deserves your attention."
,Recommended,319630,17998838,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,amberinoface,This game is amazing. Very easy to control. The graphics are very nice. With each passing episode life gets stranger. This is very addicting. I may have marathoned the first four episodes.
76561197981991835,Recommended,319630,18883176,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dengeniul,"Itisbeautiful.Really fun to play together with someone, be it family or friends and argue which is the best/worst outcome.If you let this game absorb you, then prepare for a ride on the feels express. As for how it ends, a lot of games fall flat especially when you combine time travel with choices and consequences. This ending is...acceptable. A decently rounded finale that will keep the feels lingering for while.I`m rambling now, buy it, play it, get lost in it and have that feeling, that indescribable feeling after experiencing something that`s...alive."
,Recommended,319630,17069173,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Haunty,"I wish there were more games like this. The story is the main feature of the game. The ability to make choices and the power to rewind adds a lot of depth. The choices change details but not the main story line. The ending(s) was a bit predictable, but the journey getting there was intense."
76561197972481908,Recommended,319630,32795788,Posted: 25 June,all,DanseDeMorte,If you don't like crying don't buy this game.If you love story driven games this is a must have.
,Recommended,319630,18049619,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,CaladielZ,"This game is pure art.The story has a lot of details, and you can change everything, and make it your story.A must have for those interested in a rich story with full interaction.Definitely gonna buy all the chapters. You should too :)So after i actually finished the whole thing, i must say, i still recommend it, and still love this game but the choices really dont matter...in the end everyone will get the same 2 options end.But it was fun while it least, i really became to love/hate the characters, the ending was a bit obvious, but at the same time it wasnt lolEven if you yours choices doesnt matter...and the end wont change, still worth it."
,Recommended,319630,15486566,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Metallic Potato,"Stories in videogames?They generally suck.But it's nice to see someone working against that trend! I don't think I've ever been as invested in videogame characters as I was with this game. Besides a few bad eggs, they are wonderfully well-rounded and relatable....okay, those are over-used words when describing characters. Let me try again:After finishing the first couple episodes of this game, I actually felt like I knew these people. They aren't perfect, by any stretch, don't mistake my glowing praise for empty hyperbole, but they reminded me so much of what a lot of people were like in my high school days that I could easily believe that this whole cast actually exists, somewhere out there in that beautiful, quiet town.The relationship dynamics between Chloe/Max and Warren/Max were absolutely brilliant (in that it felt natural), and the visuals of the game, while not much in terms of fidelity, were absolutely stunning in the area of artistic design. It turns out, I don't need perfectly lip-sync or the most polygons money can buy to get invested in a story. Just some talented voice actors and some sharp writing. Well, okay, apart from some cringe-worthy memes and old slang tossed in, but those don't really detract in any noticable way from the strengths of the script.And the music? Whimsical, calming, and it sets the mood for this game perfectly. I especially love the episode outro montages.Again, I'm only two episodes in, waiting on the others to come out, but so far?This was not a ""good story for a videogame"".This was a good story.Please play this game. It is well worth your time and your money.:)"
,Recommended,319630,26160112,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shefxie-,There's a girl who never played video games before.I told her what this game is like.She wanted to start playing so badly.
,Recommended,319630,27905012,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Milez,"Comebacks, comebacks, comebacks...And yes, nominated for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” award."
,Recommended,319630,24835215,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jk,Best game of the century
76561198105232679,Recommended,319630,25172889,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Zilla,The best game i've ever played...
,Recommended,319630,25844673,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,orochi2k,"I admit that I am a terrible person who will sacrefice millions of lifes just for one who I care. Thus, you may want to stay away from me."
,Recommended,319630,28119518,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,eronpaulo23,can't describe
,Recommended,319630,28098364,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Schocklys Eltern sind dick!,It's simply just one of the best Games I've ever played :)!
76561198021844334,Recommended,319630,28152150,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,christiano.keller,"I recommend this game, it was way better than I expected. I really liked it.Pros:+ Great images+ Interesting story, there are different aspects to be considered+ Easy to get involvedCons:- Your choices matter, but it is kind fixed on the same stuff, but with small differences- There are things that you can miss or just even never notice. I was looking for an achievement on different episodes and completely missed it a couple times.- The save game sucks, I will need to play a lot of parts again just to get a different perspective."
76561198013614069,Recommended,319630,27876717,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RGabor,"First it's a teenage girl simulator, then it hits the butterfly effect part and it sucks you in. Worth the price"
76561198328701295,Recommended,319630,27417119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,minjiaddicted,"This is a really great game. I swear I didn't cry......... Oh gosh, who am I kidding? I cryed, A LOT. Because Max, oh Max. And Chloe, oh Chloe.""You can do it Max!"" yes, but my heart can't. This was my first game on steam and after this I can't stop. I am far away from LIS now. I complete 15 games, guys. But this will continue to be my favourite forever.Buy. Buy. ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game please.Please. For me and ny heart 💜"
76561198066153145,Recommended,319630,27417848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ZomFGitSDaRk,"An amazing store about; well a messed up teenage girl who can do things with her mind that I cannot. But she discovers, herself.Best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,27427348,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fluga,"I can't recomend thisenough! It is simply a great game, with great characters, and absolutely fantastic scenery and art style. It is a masterpiece, that will not be easily forgotten.(If you liked ""Telltale's Walking Dead"" you don't want to miss this one)"
76561198312533948,Recommended,319630,27430131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reactivity,I cri c':
,Recommended,319630,27394421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"This game is really cool, I'm about to buy the 4 episodes following, it really makes you think about the life and what would consequences may do your decisions!!"
,Recommended,319630,27448659,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,THE BATH,There is nothing to say about this game. I just want to get this stupid badge
,Recommended,319630,27520600,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ Margdepoes | Slotherino,great game. really knows how to hit you in the feelz.
76561198073025759,Recommended,319630,27525514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wut,"I made a promise ages ago to play this game, and holy crap am I happy I did so.For me, it's one of those games that will stay with me for a long time. Amazing characters/ character development, soundtrack, mind ♥♥♥♥ story line (which i LOVE), beautiful environments.....the list can just go on.I think you deffo need to play the whole of the first episode in one sitting to really get into it. The first time I played it had glitched at the paint bit and I ended up leaving it for a while.So glad I came back to it10/10"
,Recommended,319630,27540911,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,-Insomnia,"Awesome game.Life is Strange surprised me a lot, I never really enjoyed games in telltale style, but this one was very different for me.The plot is simple, yet exciting, you really want to know what can happen next. The time reversing mechanic feels so satisfying to use and the game holds you in his universe.Quick rank:Graphics: 6/10Plot: 8/10Plot Twists: 10/10Soundtrack: 10/10Voices: 9/10Overall it's a fantastic game, with some little things that could've been done better, but still a great experience."
,Recommended,319630,27074869,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,El cucuy,This game is feelsgoodman and feelsbadman at the same time
,Recommended,319630,27087704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pricefield,This game is truly remarkable!
,Recommended,319630,27549777,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,emilia,"This game has to be one of the best games I ever played. Great and unique storyline, absolutely stunning visuals and fitting soundtrack.Gameplay⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆Visuals⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆Soundtrack⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆little Details⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆Characters⋆⋆⋆⋆"
,Recommended,319630,27556206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chevy Roadster,Makes you shed a tear!
76561198063539116,Recommended,319630,29353031,Posted: 19 January,all,MaiestasNoctis,Heart felt game.  Your choices matter to the extent that small segments of the story will change but does not impact the greater plot.  This is fine as the game is meant as a narrative experience that should move anyone with a soul. :-)
,Recommended,319630,29433056,Posted: 22 January,all,来栖 暁,"Life is strange, Life is only once."
,Recommended,319630,29443804,Posted: 23 January,all,EzioAs,Go Otters!
76561198174565422,Recommended,319630,31097492,Posted: 12 April,all,Monzis,"I love this game so much that is has become my favorite game!!!This game has a sad yet happy element to it and I love those kinds of games.The only thing that annoys me is the fact that... since I am so in with the Pricefield thing... you cant kiss Chloe in the ""Sacrfice Arcadia Bay"" option. WHY SQUARE ENIX!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?"
,Recommended,319630,17921894,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The End Horizon,Really good.
76561197962820946,Recommended,319630,16763291,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rego,"Teenage girl life simulator aside, its got a pretty sweet story"
,Recommended,319630,17067564,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheHeisenburger,"TL;DR: This game is absolutely stellar for its art style, music, characters and story, but the PS4 version is better performance-wise if your PC isn't very ""high-end.""Wow. This game is such a rollercoaster. It takes you for a ride that you want to go on over and over again. When I've played certain games, such as Telltale's The Walking Dead, I was never completely certain that my choices mattered. It seemed like the story always turned out the same way and was just as easy throughout. But now that the time flow mechanic is added, there is a plethora of possibilities for the game to go off of. And the developers do that in stride. The story of Maxine Caulfield, while cliche, is so relatable and deep that it has driven me to tears at times. It is such a surprisingly action-packed game, and at the same time it has such a deep story with genuinely interesting characters. I also enjoyed the multiple references to The Catcher in the Rye (look for them, you'll find 'em!) and Jack Kerouac. The game could easily get a five star rating off of its symbols alone. I also enjoyed the music in the game for improving the vibe of the autumntime which the game takes place during. It gives the story a whole other dimension that is hard to ignore. Though some games' soundtracks end up detracting from the story, Life Is Strange's does nothing but build upon an already epic foundation. It is also easy to relate to many of the characters because of their common traits and sayings that are connectable to modern life. While it does get cliche at points, and the voice acting is slightly below-par in some cases, for the most part Dontnod does a stellar job with an ensemble cast of interesting and relatable characters. But even if all of the above were non-existant, the game shall truly go down in history for its dedication to story and choice.  Something as simple as watering a plant will have effects on subsequent episodes in the story. However, many of these actions and consequences would go very much unnoticed if you do not look for them, and it is simply one of many examples of the developer's dedication and belief in choice and playing the game you want to play. They can affect entire conversations, or simply affect a small piece of the game's environment. And the main choices in the game are true moral dilemmas that matter. Unlike The Walking Dead, and other Telltale digital products, choices in this game feel important. This is in part due to the relatable characters, but is also due to the enthralling story. This is a very hard combination to find, but the developers certainly do it well. However, if you prefer your games to be high on a graphical standpoint, I suggest getting the PS4 version of the game if you own one. The controls are slightly less clunky and there is certainly less stutter, while still achieving higher graphics. Overall, Life is Strange is excellent and is one of my favorite games of all time by a landslide."
,Recommended,319630,17060726,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Kairukai,- Buy it- Finish the game- Rewind- Get your steam wallet back10/10  would rewind again
,Recommended,319630,17049160,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SNIGED,"gr8 gayme i saw some1 sk8 and they fell nd i reversd tim, save a life 2day kek"
76561198140103434,Recommended,319630,17335780,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Untactical,"This game has driven me on a roller coaster of emotions from highs to lows, happiness to anger. It has just an incredibly moving story of death, deceipt and friendship. I cannot wait for episode 5 to be released."
,Recommended,319630,17335789,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,✪ JINXSPR0,"When you want ""The Last of Us"" and ""Beyond: Two Souls"" but you don't have a Playstation 3/4this is the right game!best game ever (before THE LAST OF US OFC!)David Cage would be sad for not directing this game"
76561198041313131,Recommended,319630,17344447,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,OOF,From my experience so far I have learned TWO THINGS...1) I'm an emotional crybaby2) ALWAYS DRIVE F*CKING CAREFULLY!!!
,Recommended,319630,28967019,Posted: 2 January,all,Sheepless,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,319630,26340782,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,✅Aztek,"This is not towards episode one but the whole game in general,it is a well developed story and also emotionally engaging which games lack nowadays.This game has brought life into the characters and also having to make your own decision made me feel as if I had a role in the game.Overall its a fantastic game with a great soundtrack~9/10"
,Recommended,319630,27274712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,crex,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
76561198216662568,Recommended,319630,27313244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jessica,"In this game your choice acutally matters,I cant explane how great expresians I got from this game.I expected it to be great, and I was wrong..this game is amazingIt has a amazing enviromentAmzing story lineThe ending was kinda hearbreaking but for me it was worth all my money and time"
76561198170876711,Recommended,319630,26903885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkling.. one of them,"A walking simulator with supernatural drama, awesome atmosphere, time travel, better and more human characters than the real world has and beans.Uaseful things for this game: a lot of tissue paper, a lot of free time and another game which will help you recover from the shock and grief ( real human beings like friends or family are also good for this, but that is boring )."
,Recommended,319630,27063223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,you need to git gud,Best game ever. Nominated. Just Awesome...
,Recommended,319630,26949865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HackedLux,10/10 would lesbian again
,Recommended,319630,26965753,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mournblade,By far one of the most  enthralling stories in a video game I have ever seen with great game play
76561198115468563,Recommended,319630,29505023,Posted: 26 January,all,Siggy Gaming,Such as brilliant game one of the best ever made would seriously reccomend trying episode 1
,Recommended,319630,28921271,Posted: 1 January,all,frozen cheeto,this h*cken hit me in the feels 420/69
76561197961269575,Recommended,319630,28584306,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BinaryPackFailure,"Just finished the last episode of Life is Strange...what an incredible story.  Looking back at my entire experience with this game, I admit it took me a little bit of time to become invested in the characters and the story.  In fact, it wasnt until I completed Episode 1 when I really felt connections to the characers, and was hooked ever since.Life is indeed strange, and is full of difficult decisions.  Some decisions matter more than others, and some are irreversible.  Once you make a decision, you usually can't look back.  In the end, what still really matters after all of your life choices? :) This game let's you have fun with that, in a very compelling way."
,Recommended,319630,28847794,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,the Frenchbabe,"♥♥♥♥. I mean, ♥♥♥♥. This game is... there's no way to describe it. I'm not gonna let in the end and spoils thing, but... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not into storytelling games, I find them boring. But oh man, this one... I know many others said it before, but i'll write it another time, because there is no other way to describe this game: it's a life changing experience. But don't worry, everything happens for a reason. Sad face.On another note: the stats after each episodes aren't about how well you chose, it's about how many other people actually made the same choices. But don't worry about that. Everything happens for a reason."
,Recommended,319630,28729295,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,woutyboy3,This game was the best game that i ever played!!!I felt that i was Max herself the disitions i took were difficult.There are a lot of sad moments and this is the only thing that made me cry or that i could sleep.If you never played it or saw someone play it go and Buy it!!!(Sorry for bad englisht)
76561198232268036,Recommended,319630,28731761,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BusinessPug,Good Game. Great Story line and art style
76561198120578771,Recommended,319630,28737864,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,OMAE WA MO SHINDEIRU,This game changed my life.. one of the best for sure!
,Recommended,319630,28891213,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,epicnarken,"This game is a great visual novel with an amazing soundtrack and an immersive plot, if you have the free change to buy any game I would certainly recommend this to play."
,Recommended,319630,28760835,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Commando ツ,"Amazing story, characters, graphics and game mechanics. Once you start playing, you can't stop until you finish it.A masterpiece!"
76561198293547627,Recommended,319630,29223671,Posted: 13 January,all,Fast Snail,best game love it
,Recommended,319630,28523886,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,yuki.dono,Quite fantastic
,Recommended,319630,28664482,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AlexMiester,"Welcome To Life Is Strange The Game Where If You Make Certain Choices The Ending 15 Mins Of Gameplay Require An Outside Scource Of Music Just So You Don't Leave Skid Marks In You Underwear. The Best Game Yet.Life Is Strange Takes Story, Visuals, Soundtrack, Impact Of Choices And Basically Everything And Turns Them Up From 11 To  56 Or Higher. If You Don't Own It, Why? The Only Two Downsides I Have Found Is That No Matter What Ending You Get You Will Cry And That Every Other 'Choices Matter' Game Will Leave You Asking Quite How Your Choices Actually Mattered And Won'tHave The Same Impact As This. BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,319630,17230909,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Phatterthanyou,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥, THiS GAME.... THIS GAME, HOLY ♥♥♥♥."
76561198113825673,Recommended,319630,17226455,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Modus Pwnin,This game makes me want to touch myself.
76561198043657319,Recommended,319630,17182671,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Viante,"Bought this game because my girlfriend and I are into playing these story-type games together, and it is really good so far. (Chapter 3/5) Typically I play through these games once, and don't replay them because I like the choices I made. This is one of the only games I want to go back and replay.Some advice, pay attention to everything, even the little details. It will bite you in the butt if you don't, you'll miss key parts of the story and bad things will happen because of it. In an example that doesn't include spoilers, at one point I needed to divert a train to a different track. I was rushing, I didn't look around enough. I broke the train tracks. It worked, I diverted the train. But there was another way that didn't damage the tracks (I found out about it later) and I know breaking the tracks is gonna come back to bite me. Your choices carry stronger and bigger effects in this game then in similar games, and you'll notice that at the end of the chapter when it compares your choices to others. There's a heck of a lot of them. (Many are very minor things, the amount of major choices are about the same as other games. But they all matter one way or another.)"
76561198067922675,Recommended,319630,17465205,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dbzoino5500,PLEASE MAKE A SEASON 2!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,319630,17504851,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,chinese takeaway,"Prepare to go on a emotional rollercoaster whilst playing this game.Amazing cinematography, soundtrack, gameplay and good character development.-Would recommend 11/10"
76561198228208492,Recommended,319630,17508617,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Suck My Dick In Spanish,This is amazing bruh
,Recommended,319630,17509246,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Octavian,"It is really hard to write a review about a purely story driven game without spoiling the story.  The story is simply fantastic and coherent.I'll stop there, here are the numbers:Story: 10/10: Near perfection in all regards.  Well thought out character development.Music: 10/10Gameplay: 7/10:  The time travel mechanic is really slow.  I understand why they made it slow (immersion), but in some scenes I really just wanted an instant rewind.Visuals: 10/10: Love the art and it suits the mood whenever the mood changes.  Really, really impressive work.Overall: 37/40 ~ 9.25/10"
76561197990665253,Recommended,319630,17513393,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Woobz,"Aesthetically pleasing game.Great storySlow paiste, and chill to play"
,Recommended,319630,17594826,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,lethaldragonite,"Holy crap this game has everything from choosing what kind of breakfast you want to eat, to choosing what great Indie soundtrack to play.10/10 Hipsters wouldn't play again because it's to mainstream"
76561198153865109,Recommended,319630,17548807,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,S T O N E R C A T,"very good game , good soundtrack, awesome story , lots of replayability. 10/10"
76561198088596810,Recommended,319630,17542281,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Magnesium Alkaline,"One of the most story-driven games of all time, next to games like Telltale's ""The Walking Dead,"" but with a twist; you have the power to change the outcome, not only in the present, but also in the past and future. This is by far one of the best games I've ever played and can without a doubt say it is worth your money."
,Recommended,319630,17544916,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NumbFlame,"This game just feels... So alive. It's the kind of game you want to play bundled up in a blanket while casually sipping on some coffee. It is just so damn cozzy. It will make you laugh. It will make you cry. Playing this game has been quite an experience. It makes you actually feel for the characters. I just simply can't explain how great of a feeling you get while playing this. Truely breathtaking10/10 Would feel againEDIT: Scratch the blanket and coffee, this game goes off the ♥♥♥♥ing rails. There will be consequences.11/10 give me episode 5Edit:Edit: There will be ♥♥♥♥ing feels.12/10"
,Recommended,319630,17519801,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ghostlight,♥♥♥♥...
,Recommended,319630,19872923,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr. Universe,"Manly tears were shed. Every episode leaves you desperately wanting to know what happens next and it never fails to deliver. The ending could have been a little better but it was still chock full of emotions. If you have the money, save yourself and just buy the complete season, you won't regret it I promise!"
,Recommended,319630,19874186,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chillzor,"Much better adventure game than most TellTale's offerings, story is very well done, dialogues are fun and the characters actually do sound like teenagers instead of 40yold dudes pretending to be little girls like in most games.If you have any feels, this game will punch you right there. Repeatedly."
,Recommended,319630,19734640,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Gypsy Crab,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I have literally cried out all of the water in my body
,Recommended,319630,19738256,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,VBadwolf,"Just WOW! What the heck?! I completed playing all episode 1-5.  If you like 'Fahrenheit' and 'Heavy Rain'. It's a huge plot twist, you can allow to choose your story consquence, do what you want. I really enjoyed playing it though, 8/10."
,Recommended,319630,19957104,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,drone-ah,You know those games/movies/books that start off so strong and starts to fizzle out towards the middle. They somehow just fail to deliver a proper feeling of satisfaction at the end. This game is the exact opposite! It really ramps up on pace and excitement and crescendos wonderfully for the climax! Definitely recommend!
,Recommended,319630,19947035,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,Just don't play past episode three.Don't say I didn't warn.
,Recommended,319630,19637453,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,0x2EC7C1E2,Feels simulator 2015
,Recommended,319630,27851286,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dFatKiddo.,I wanna cry like a little baby.
76561198066486471,Recommended,319630,26355635,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Nandemonogatari,"Not much to say about this, I played all episodes in one marathon, and wow... just wow.Bae over bay"
,Recommended,319630,28789325,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mankanshoku,"Amazing game, awesome soundtrack, choice that matters and characters that you can identify yourself with, or at least someone you know. And it's a great theme about bullying and how that affects everyone around you."
76561198067657029,Recommended,319630,28809835,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tubs,"So I never write a review on a game but this game is just phenominal!!! If you really read everything and get engaged with Maxines life, you will love it and maybe even get a little emotional. I bought seasons 1-5 on sale and just finished the first one. Once i started playing, I couldn't stop playing. The story is so good and I love how you impact the story based on the choices that you make in game.The graphics are gorgeous. When you can crank the games setting to max... it's just gorgeous! I definitley recommend this game to anyone who loves a great story and doesn't mind getting a little emotionally attached to the characters.WELL DONE!~~~~~~~~~UPDATE~~~~~~~~~~~I just finished the remaing episodes and man! Its an amazing game. Best money I have ever spent. It trully is a touching story that I dont think has ever been matched or at lesat in a long time.I'd love more episodes if possible. I'm not sure how they could do it send the ending is so different depending on the choice you make but it would be so cool if they could figure out a way to create different story lines or something in the same sense.Once again, amazing job developers and I cant wait for any other game you make if you make anymore. Phenominal expereince and so much joy and tears are brought to my eyes. Great job!"
76561198188848526,Recommended,319630,28815906,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BenjaminBluntin,"This is a truely amazing series! I played this with my GF, who usually isnt into games, but she was drawn in by the story and great voice acting. Anyone know where to find more like this?"
76561198125019965,Recommended,319630,28768577,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MoLaVY AKA MrPoopyButthole,Extreamly touching and makes you really think.Great game that is higly recomended!
76561198165533672,Recommended,319630,28777633,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,viper,"I started looking at this when the free ep.1 was avalible, i gained no intrest but gave it a go. I played the first ep in 2 hours and was hooked. I immediately got my card and got all 5 episodes, i was hooked to say the least.I had no intrest in these type of games and never realised the effect they can give to someone. I read reviews and people said they loved it and they had all sort's of emotions playing. This is very true. Im not the type of person to cry much but this made me cry,smile and laugh and all sorts of emotions. I loved the idea of the choices you make effect the past, present and future but also made it very difficult to make decisons, i occasionaly called a freind and asked them as it was too much pressure. Overall this game was fantastic and defenetily worth the money, it may seem longwinded at times but it is all worth it.Word of advice all ways listen to what she is saying in her head, it helps out a bunch.10/10 IGN will play again.WARNING : YOU MAY CRY"
76561198109333808,Recommended,319630,28740894,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"""FORCE""Awakens",Best game ever ive played ! beautiful soundtracks especialy that ost when credits in every ends of the episode. that make me think about what i had chosen in that epidode. Ive learned that always think twice when i making decision after playing this game. This GAMe Changing my life.
,Recommended,319630,29376798,Posted: 20 January,all,IAxxHolic,"This is the most amazing game I have ever reflected on based on the choices given from Maxine Caulfield's perspective in her high school life. A soundtrack that just blends too perfectly in to help within each episode, a story that just is sooo captivating once you start from Episode 1. I have invested at least 20 hours or so upon finishing this, I have never felt so impacted upon the last chapter.My review is beyond how undescribably amazing this game is by DONTNOD Entertainment. My short version of this game is,  play it, get immersed into it, and follow through every choice until the end."
,Recommended,319630,27653803,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[FoD].N-ES17,"SImply the most touching, life positive and sometimes heart breaking game I've ever played. Everybody may not like it, but I think everybody should play this game,  because if you feel this game as it should, it  will surely change your life"
,Recommended,319630,27628441,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GaMaLlama,"I've always isolated myself and I didn't care much for people until I played this game. I actually want to form friendships now with the people around me. This is a really good game with a well written story. Buy all 5 episodes. Trust me, you will have loads of fun and will still be touched at the end of it."
76561198324735665,Recommended,319630,27719432,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sgorza,"F***ing beautiful game. This is my first review of any game. Just finished playing episode 1 for being free and trying it. Is is amazing. Love playing a female main character. Everything is perfectly done. Music, voice acting, story, graphics and emotional and rich characters to feel their stories. Recommended 100%. I am now downloading the rest of the episodes. Very enjoyable game!"
,Recommended,319630,27725056,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Null-4_Coast,"Nominated for the ""I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"" award.Starts off as High School Girl Simulator 3, ends up as this heart-wrenching, cheek-clenching, mind-f%@*ing, amazeballs storm of emotions and choices and second-guessing yourself. The infamous red wub-wub screens of Important Decisions will forever haunt me.Superb soundtrack, memorable characters, beautiful moments, fantastic story. All the time in the world.10/10, wouldcryget something in my eye again."
,Recommended,319630,27736133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crairos,"The first chapter takes some time to get into, but don't let it hold you back. Life Is Strange is one of the most touching and well-crafted games on Steam, and it's well-worth your time and investment. Play it."
76561197990432897,Recommended,319630,27753914,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fazole,+ Nice heart touching story+ Memorable characters+ Nice visual style+/- Good idea with the time mechanic but poorly executed- My girlfreind cried
,Recommended,319630,27685565,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mortal Man,As soon as i played the free episode 1 I just wanted to buy all the episode and play the whole game.
,Recommended,319630,27708010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moochi,a must have game
,Recommended,319630,27717314,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zamuli,"Story was super good and greatly constructed. It kept going and you had to play more to know what was going to happen next. I didnt really like the ending but it's the journey what matters, not the destination. If you like story-driven games this is a must play title."
,Recommended,319630,27343250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nikodemous,Probably the best Single Player Game I've ever experienced.
,Recommended,319630,26779653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[AA]link_awesome,"This game is just heart taking, playing as maz you go on a crazy adventure with your old friend, uncovering the mystery of the town.....u have to play it to feel it"
,Recommended,319630,14268525,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,jaCUBE,The first day spent in Arcadia Bay makes me feel games get adult. Finally.
76561198083848202,Recommended,319630,14273471,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Silencio,First of all i hate playing single player games. Any tip of it. But this is some diffrent thing. This is like a movie you can control it. Cant wait for march to play episode 2.
,Recommended,319630,18064026,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ga(y)laxy girl,this game is cereal and watering a plant causes the apocalpyse
,Recommended,319630,20342282,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Davyne,"wow, just wow. This game was an experience I will never forget, absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,319630,15196036,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,datfinesoul,"I've only just started playing this, and I'm usually not into these types of games, but this one surprised me in a positive way.  For sure worth trying for $5."
,Recommended,319630,14944875,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,FizikSouljYA #1,"Pretty chill and swag at the same time, 7/10"
76561198083918690,Recommended,319630,15401806,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Jayhawk2,"Very interesting story, extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,319630,15197492,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rikusgirl1,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Max is practically my spirit animal, a completely relatable and realistic girl. All the characters are engaging, and the plot just keeps getting thicker. I don't want to spoil anything, but some of those decisions I had to redo a few times before I decided what I wanted to do. I can't wait for the rest of this to come out already!10/10 geek references -- I'm surprised Max doesn't have a tumblr"
76561198017124020,Recommended,319630,15213040,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Real G Timothy,THIS IS THE BEST GAME KNOWN TO MAN KIND
,Recommended,319630,15243871,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,NB264,"I really like that decisions are not always A or B, but there are more than two choices in certain situations. Can't wait to see how this story will end. Besides that, it's an interactive story like the ones Telltale games makes, only not based on any famous premise, and the main character is a high school photographer that has to find her way around while the storm of the century is coming closer."
,Recommended,319630,15071110,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DannySwish,"Other than the dialogue writer clearly being a forty-year-old man whothinksthis is what the high schoolers of today talk like, not too bad."
,Recommended,319630,15079375,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TheBird956,The game is just freaking awesome!! I am always waiting for the next episode!
,Recommended,319630,15663087,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zackinblack,"""Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."" ~Arthur Ashe.This is one thing people wish to have in reality. Everyone makes mistakes and wish they can go back and fix what they done.  This game truly shows this action. Can't wait for more episodes, exactly like The Walking Dead, Wolf Among us and other TellTaleGames. 9.5/10 ☆"
,Recommended,319630,15264067,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Bernds Bums Tips,"Excellent story, good writing and choicesactuallymatter, unlike some companies... *cough*TellTale*cough*. While the dialogue and voice acting turns a bit to the cheesy side at times, most of the time it's acted very well. I reccomend purchasing the whole season pass, because the series is heading into a very interesting section, and brings out some very emotional moments - especially at the end of episode 2. The time travel is neat, and allows the player to use it to his convenience and see outcomes of different choices, but watch out - some moments are not reversable, and you have to be very careful with your choices, because there is only one try."
76561198058480345,Recommended,319630,15185179,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Infa-Knight,Incredibly rich story and gameplay.
76561198007422068,Recommended,319630,15195990,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Captain Picard,One of the best story driven games
,Recommended,319630,14369338,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Olav,Absolutely awesome game. Though this first part could be played through probably in 15-300 min but it took me over 2h easilly. I am going to buy the rest of the chapter as soon as i have time ti get some monney to steam.
,Recommended,319630,15050801,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dixie Normous,Never has a game made me realize how I should just never talk to anyone ever.
,Recommended,319630,15054868,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MISS LAZER BOOBIES,I dont really like to play story rich games like these. I dont have the attention span to wait for the episodes to come out. But this is so different for me and such an amazing story! My only con from this game is that it doesnt have a lot of game play time for each episode since I wait about a month per-episode.8/10
,Recommended,319630,15033227,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nothing will be forgotten,my life is strange too but i can't rewind
76561198027703674,Recommended,319630,16981850,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Supahfly,"Simply amazing! This feels like Stein's;Gate. Even better, because you are the player and make your own choices."
,Recommended,319630,24750280,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,broomguy,"Play the free episode, you'll buy the rest after."
,Recommended,319630,18983251,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Pedrovski,"After 2 complete playthroughs, I can say for sure this is one of my favorite games of all time. With an involving story and well-developed characters, Life is Strange attaches you to Max Caulfield's world in a way that the decisions you make and the things that happen to the characters affect you and your emotions, making you sad when they're sad and happy when they're happy.I strongly recommend this game. Beware, though: It comes with a free ticket to the feels train.Bae over Bay!"
,Recommended,319630,14271530,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,swozey,"I loved this. If you're a casual gamer who enjoys the story that a game lets you follow instead of playing something on hardcore difficulty or whatever, this is for you. You play a young 18yo girl with some babble, but really, it didn't bother me at all. I loved the mechanics. I LOVE the userdata at the end of the episode where you get to see what choices other people made. You guys did a great job. And such a great soundtrack. I have an urge to go watch Butterfly Effect now."
76561198072839570,Recommended,319630,17531395,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Jelly Drops,"I strongly recommend this game to anyone, the best episodic game by far!!! Only down side is it toys with your emotions then crushing them for one final laugh.... But overall an amazing game, it's very story rich and you get attached to some of the characters. LOVE IT!"
76561198161896597,Recommended,319630,24609251,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Matthew ✠ Traceur,"There won't be any game better than this. Brilliantly chosen licensed tracks and story. All games after this feel lackluster in comparison. Oh and the ♥♥♥♥ing ending, why did you make me choose Don'tNod? Season 2 please :'("
,Recommended,319630,15661120,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TheMasterPotato,"Such a great game, A really good story line with Realistic decisions and they make an impact on the game... Will definitely buy and play the rest of the chapters for sure... I 100% reccommend this to anyone who likes a layed back game that is averagely slow paced but a great game on all"
,Recommended,319630,24503341,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SerioosSam,One of my games of the year for 2015. I have also played through the game twice (Once on my PS4). *waits patiently for LIS 2*
,Recommended,319630,17086902,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,m4rcus,"10/10 would rewind and play again, also watering the plant actually HAS serious consequences :DEDIT: So now that im done with the complete game finally... i can safely say its by far the best game i have ever played. I wish i could give this more than a thumbs up because it really deserves it."
76561198153566121,Recommended,319630,24867842,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Pepito_Power,"Love this game so much! Played episode 1 in 1 hour then the next day i could not stop myself, i played all the other episodes for a total of 11 hours! This game brought me joy, rage, sadness and OMG moments! I really wish i could rewind time to play this game again without any knowleges! I tto love how it is personalisable, i looked up videos on youtube after having played and it was not the very same ending and etc... Hella/10 ;)Still having chills thinking about the game!"
,Recommended,319630,24867491,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Triton,It has been a long time since I've played I game that I feel I could play over and over. What an amazing and powerful story. I don't have the words to express the beauty in this game. You just have to play it for yourself.
,Recommended,319630,24870434,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jarmerap,Fantastic game! If you get the free episode...prepare to buy the rest.
,Recommended,319630,24873138,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,XxHuntssxX,My opion for this game is this game is 10/10 I love the sound track and also the best story in most of the games I have played and this game is one of the type of games I like if you are looking for an eposidic game this would be the game to check out.
,Recommended,319630,24868284,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ℳadeye,"Life is strange, cold, scary, and heartbraking. This game captures life, and adds experianceable magic to it. I can't even explain how good this is......On a less serious note: I bought episode 1 on the day before it went F2P.     :D"
76561197999269864,Recommended,319630,15105481,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,t.wilkins,"Enjoying this very much so far, the only part I have found annoying was a particular part in the 2nd episode where I had to find 5 empty beer bottles - that felt like it had been put in to artifically extend the gameplay time.  Other than that, I think this game is great value for money, and it's very interesting to see how the choices I make affect what happens later in the game."
76561198057747016,Recommended,319630,31011354,Posted: 7 April,all,BORICUAxSaint,"I loved it. I will never forget this game, its had a huge impact on me and it will be my favorite game of all time. I cried at some of the parts, mostly the end.This game hit my emotions pretty hard.  I stongly suggest everyone that reads this to play it. the story was fantastic. It was as good as the game the last of us on playstation."
,Recommended,319630,24588710,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,spooky_datanot,Good story
,Recommended,319630,29730201,Posted: 5 February,all,kostahon,"Spoiler-freeThis game is just AWESOME !Choices matter, you can make your own decisions!This is may the only game that ""touched"" my Heart, is very emotional too. Great gameplay, good graphics, amazing and not predictable story, total enjoyable !The only negative I found is that there is no manual-way saving feature. I totally recommend this game !"
,Recommended,319630,29785776,Posted: 8 February,all,Mas Dir,"Awesome, interesting story, nice soundtrack."
76561198036945700,Recommended,319630,29400608,Posted: 21 January,all,arcarnan,"the feels, man"
,Recommended,319630,28014197,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,No Harm,"I've never been a fan of point and click adventures. However this game is different. The story, the setting and the gameplay blend into a unique mix you'll never forget. Pick this up as soon as you can!"
,Recommended,319630,28891237,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dosman,Empfehlenswert!
,Recommended,319630,28929750,Posted: 1 January,all,CloudCubic,This is one of the best Story games I've ever played. Very moving.. made me feel very emotional in some parts. Overall... Amazing game with great graphics!
,Recommended,319630,29014110,Posted: 4 January,all,Bobrobert,"This game has its flaws, but for $20 (or even $5 during a sale) its worth picking up. I recommend you take the game experience slow and interact with every character and object to get a better sense of the game universe. If you take your time and get invested in the characters, your experience will be much better SPOILER:since you get attached to the characters and their deaths actually mean something, unlike deaths in shooters where you don't really care. Also don't look at the screenshots of the game on the store page because there are some spoilers."
76561198019967405,Recommended,319630,29017245,Posted: 4 January,all,Titan,"One of the best video games ever on PC. The story depth and total immersion, the characters development, the artistic graphics, the absolutely amazing soundtrack...Try It.Also, I want more, if at all possible."
,Recommended,319630,29900061,Posted: 13 February,all,Mariuz,"Life is Strange is a work of art. This episodic graphic adventure features characteristics resembling those of a masterpiece. The game brilliantly displays the most impacting voice acting conveying the idea that it is real. The soundtrack that the game offers soothes the mind and works with the story beautifully. Every action and every decision that the player makes has consequences and there exists nothing that is excluded. This piece leaves the player with an experience that is unforgetable, one that will surely impact the way the player thinks from after they complete the game. The game not only presents graphics uniquely with a new way of expressing visuals, but also something that seems as if it was hand-drawn. The characteristics of the plot strike the player with such force that time is required to ponder over the elements of its development. The plot clearly exemplifies signs of originality, and the impression that things are not what they seem is boldly demonstrated. In addition, the game does a solid job at developing a crucial relationship between the characters and the player, leaving the player guilty or satisfied based on their decisions made. Life is Strange is the remark of the year of 2015, boldly establishing its place as one of the best games in history. I believe everyone deserves the oppurtunity to play this work of life lessons and morals, establishing its name as a game for everyone. Life is Strange is DONTNOD Entertainment's masterpiece, and nothing less. Life is very strange."
76561198307980860,Recommended,319630,24503065,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,nykr1,10 out of 10 great game.
,Recommended,319630,27876542,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Medusa,A Telltale style game that executes it better than Telltale themselves. A fun and immersive story which gets deeper the further you get into it. This will have you laugh and cry.Super amazing game would recommend.
,Recommended,319630,27886213,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JohnOliverJackson,"This game kept me captivated for hours upon end, from early afternoon to late night. A fully developed story accompanied by a lovable cast of characters makes this game one of my favorites"
,Recommended,319630,28228118,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mark12520,"This is the best game of all time, I always used to hate games with cut scenes and a ton of story, until this game. Play it, Episode 1 is free I promise you'll get hooked. If You do decide to play do an episode a day until finished. This game will change your life."
,Recommended,319630,26702722,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Crazyfrod1,"Good story, cant water plant in Ep. 5. 7/10. Softcore lesbian simulator."
,Recommended,319630,26919987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Collaterally Damaged,"There isn't a reason why you shouldn't give this game a try. The story is fantastic, at certain segments the gamplay is lacking, but the characters and their dialogue makes up for it."
,Recommended,319630,27046660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,raven_rvz01,Tissues anyone?Such a great game. Is still have goosebumps weeks after i finished this one.
76561198122530919,Recommended,319630,29911738,Posted: 13 February,all,rebel22,"Was an interesting story to get  lost  in, change your mind in and play over to see the outcomes. Highly recommended!"
76561197978392032,Recommended,319630,30092130,Posted: 21 February,all,brrrn,"I really loved playing Life is Strange. Episode 1 catched me straight away and the following Episodes did not dissapoint me either. The Story comes with a lot of surprises, the atmosphere of the game is diversified and graphics have a lot of charm."
,Recommended,319630,30126159,Posted: 23 February,all,aves,"Graphics was meh, music was nice, voice acting was ok. That's why I can't believe what I'm going to say, but... this was one of the best games I've ever played in my entire life."
,Recommended,319630,26914000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IllegalWaffles ,This game is a real piece of work. It made me laugh. It made me cry. Then it made me cry again. Ya know what? I did a lot of crying playing this game.
,Recommended,319630,28932280,Posted: 2 January,all,Buu Buu,"Life is StrangeEpisode 5aka Mannequin Challenge Simulator 2013What I've learned from this game, is great power comes with great responsibility.10/10 would recommended it"
,Recommended,319630,26172093,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ZanyScum,"I just wanted to have a look to be able to move the free first chapter away from my ""Have to test"" folder.I played the whole first chapter in one go. It is so beautiful, everything is beautiful.The protagonist is a good looking shy girl, the story is great, the levels are wonderful and the music is really, really good.I love this game.I will get the other chapters when they are in one of the steam specials, but no doubt, I WILL get them.I really want to know what will happen.The main character is part of a typical school with bullies and these that are bullied. She finds out, she can rewind time. And she finds out a lot of other things, many interesting and pointing to many side stories or a large main story. However, it is interesting to find all the small and large hints and find out more and more.I think this game is one of the ""must haves"", otherwise you will not be able to talk about the history of important computer games in some years."
,Recommended,319630,28744028,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BioStef,Step 1: Make difficult choices.Step 2: Make the most difficult choice of all.Step 3: ????Step 4: THE ETERNAL ABYSS THAT IS POST GAME DEPRESSION!!!!
,Recommended,319630,28879840,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AndersKJ8800,bae > bay
,Recommended,319630,28829585,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SergS.EXE,bae > bay
,Recommended,319630,28817847,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zyliant,"There's a magic element to games with quality stories that causes us to lose sense of our realities, to be drawn into an entirely different world. This game accomplishes that task like nothing else I've witnessed, and I've been gaming since before I could read.The imperfections and flaws of Life is Strange simply don't matter in my mind, because they either contribute to the charm of the stylistic choices or fail to distract from the adventures of Max and Chloe. This game is certainly not for everyone, but if you're into exploration and in-depth interaction look no further.The amazing soundtrack, the beautiful lighting, the voice acting, the characters - it all combines to form an experience that just can't be replicated. I've become connected to the two main characters as if they were part of this world, as if they were people I knew.Life is Strange has the potential to change your life and shape the way you view not only the world around you but the people you hold most dear.As for me, I'm heartbroken that I can't go back in time and discover this gem for the first time again and again."
,Recommended,319630,28089050,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SassyPeruvian,<3<3<3
76561198115412973,Recommended,319630,28092033,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nibbles,"Life is strange is one of the most emotional, twisted and beautiful stories I have every witnessed. Thank you for this experience"
76561198081278280,Recommended,319630,28124580,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bee,Highly recommended
,Recommended,319630,27738690,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bracken,"This is one of, if not the best story in a video game that i've ever played."
,Recommended,319630,27836635,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,qqeevv,"One of the favourite games of my life!Awosome storeline, background music, characters personality and extraodinary graphics in my Mac.I would introduce it to all friends.And also, I like Max, She is definitely my favourite kind of characteristic.Maybe in some day, I will find my mate like Max...LOLSo, without hestitating, buy it and play it.Enjoy youself!"
,Recommended,319630,28164803,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mixtro,"I...I don't know... I don't know where to start.A Telltale based game done better than the Telltale developers themselves with most of their games. Just wow.I was really sucked into the game, as though I am Maxine. I felt like I was her, and felt so many feelings that she felt during her situations. The choices I made, I was very careful with them. I experienced every single detail the game had to offer. I embraced the views, the beauty. I enjoyed the people, the conversations, and how I was able to change many things in the game.Until the game ended, I cried. I cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and as I stared at the credits of Episode 5, I was like... damn. I'm back to this lousy, stale life.What a lovely story. I sunk myself into Maxine's journal, read about every character and savored the moments.Never have I ever in my life done this to any game. Ever. But Life is Strange, good job. You deserve this. I recommend it. People, buy it. I'm sure the first Episode is convincing enough."
,Recommended,319630,27904161,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Croigan,I'm not crying. You are.
,Recommended,319630,26319960,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,WillowCast,"Loved the Game alot of emotions tied up in it, intresting  way of exploring cause and affect"
76561198092805217,Recommended,319630,26320264,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DodgyNomad,Fantastic story game!
76561198017851172,Recommended,319630,30125309,Posted: 23 February,all,Trac3,Amazing. Buy! IMMEDIATELY!
,Recommended,319630,27597178,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kermit The Froggg,Such a good game :o
76561198041831566,Recommended,319630,27360666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Menoetes,"This game is so good it almoast made me cry, so I'm nominating it for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award.'"
76561197970498070,Recommended,319630,27388444,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crazyman010,"Great story, fun game."
,Recommended,319630,29094078,Posted: 7 January,all,Ozunu_Ninja,"I can't even describe how freaking awesome this game is specially without spoiling it!+Great amazing story and setting+Amazing chars+Hard choices and every choice has a consequence+Lots of plot twist situations and mind blowns+Gameplay+Replay value-Once u know how the game ends and what happens more or less the replay value drops a bit but its still there-Only 2 endings.. they were made rly well so the endings aren't a con, it's only that a game like this needs at least 4+ endings + 1 secret hard to get ending!I would recommend a game like this to basically anyone and everyone and I can't wait to see what they got in store in Life is strange 2!!!"
,Recommended,319630,29050644,Posted: 5 January,all,dinglebottom,"That was an amazing game, one of the best i've played in a while. Definitly worth it! It was such an interesting storyline that tied in player interaction and decisions perfectly, thanks :)"
,Recommended,319630,29006393,Posted: 4 January,all,StolenPie,"I had hella fun.  Best (and only) episodic game I ever played.[Attention! Spoilers]Would get Tumblr grill killed again.for me personally, one of the best games I played at 4 in the morning.wowser/10"
76561198045239404,Recommended,319630,29017809,Posted: 4 January,all,andymb76,DAMN good ending.
76561198191784705,Recommended,319630,28891231,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rogue,really exciting game lots of surprises :)
,Recommended,319630,28646039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SaturnT,"Fantastic storytelling, great characters, amazing soundtrack. This game deserves a 5/7!"
76561198153950627,Recommended,319630,19487195,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,✯..........................,"This is a game of amazment of wonder, of beauty.I personaly loved this game and would recomend it to anyone."
76561197964013660,Recommended,319630,28311881,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,=TAC= The Irken Elite,"One of the best narrative/story games I've ever played.  Amazingly relateable characters, easy to empathize and sympatize with, interesting choices.  Soundtrack was good but slightly overrated.  ""Collectibles"" play mode should be a new standard for choice driven story games.  Time reversal mechanic was innovative but I don't feel it was fully taken advantage of, most instances were forced or too obvious, would have loved more subtle/complex use of it.  Only complaint is that the final choice which the game is trying to build too rings hollow for me personally and wasn't much of a choice at all (ymmv).  Overall score 9/10 would screw up the timeline worse than Flash again  :thumb:"
,Recommended,319630,28800409,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sinon,Words cannot tell you how much epic is Life is Strange........But number can: 11/10Totally recommended!
,Recommended,319630,27962800,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ShiroTatsuKi,The Best Game 4 Ever <3 Hahaha ! A Must Have in your Games Library ;)
,Recommended,319630,27990078,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pandaroo,"I still can't find any game with such high and rich story. Made my tears fall and it is hard, even ET's goodbye never succeed even when I was a child.Awesome OST, lovely characters, even the mean ones.Obviously the best one by far is Pompidou.If you make the choice to play this game, you won't regret it."
76561197981731167,Recommended,319630,27996737,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,/ DC /,Starting asap ep2
76561197996124366,Recommended,319630,27925507,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,skaundrel,"A touching, wrenching tale that revolves around two female friends... an unusual pairing in a video game. It blends elements of Twin Peaks, and similar ""Stranger Things""-esque horror aesthetics to tell a story about guilt and determination and the essence of ""choice"" and ""free will"" and how things rarely turn out the way you hope. It made me cry on multiple occasions, and twisted my brain. Well done."
76561198120212104,Recommended,319630,28043740,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,maxminoS,"A Strange Telltale Episodic Game-ish, but better.Life Is Strange takes you to a life that is very strange. Strangely, some girl can move through time by waving her hand. Also very strange, the Strange things just keeps taking it away recently, following the release of this game. Not mentioning names but that TV show Stranger Things and movie Doctor Strange was pretty good, so I guess this game leads to a strange revolution. As strange as it may sound, this 5-part game was able to strangely make such an amazing experience. This can be proven because of my strange attempts at playing this game, which caused me to have had to strangely restarted over four times in this game, and yet never get it to the strange ending. Isn't this strange?20 hours of strange gameplay, not done with this strange game, very strange indeed.Strange word count: 20. But strangely still not enough."
76561197997289967,Recommended,319630,27088614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SupeHappyCarpelTunnelSyndrome,"*Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award.*This game brings all the feels with a companion soundtrack full of feels..."
,Recommended,319630,27287258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fuji,i thought this game was cool before it won an award
,Recommended,319630,27250722,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kermit,It's good. Very good.
,Recommended,319630,28491402,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aleksandrus12,"I just wanna to write is that this is a perfect game, which you must play yourself and blinded. If you've seen any videos about this game stop watching them buy this masterpiece and play it. Because it's not only a game. After you start playing this will become your own story. Thanks you guys from Dontnod software team. It's really THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED and it always will be at the my top and I will never forget about it. Because this is when a game becomes art."
,Recommended,319630,28333085,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,*PALE CROW*,touching...
76561198074752635,Recommended,319630,28334786,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,georgerbell,This game makes you feel feelings.
,Recommended,319630,26908295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxine,"I love this game, but I am afraid my soul will be destroyed if I play it again."
,Recommended,319630,26957714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arxaiht,"Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah."
76561197961682489,Recommended,319630,26962255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,moriaorc,Dis gaem will maek u cri.
,Recommended,319630,26982585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,L1zZY,"This game is amazing. I got this game before episode one became free, and I still would buy it again. This game will have you stressing about your choices, and then crying after you make them. It's great. I'm not ashamed to say I cried at least twice."
,Recommended,319630,27316738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HighestJPA,That Life is Strange ending still got me tho.
76561198027757459,Recommended,319630,26083101,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,UncleDanno,"If you want a game that makes you feel like crap, this is it.5/7"
,Recommended,319630,26474158,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SH♪NJI,"This game have fitting soundtrack, stunning story and great atmosphere. It always force you to make hard decisions between things, that makes you more blend into the story. Every things is perfect except for some choices only have minor impact in the game, and no choices mattered in the final ending. Despite the cons. This game is hella awesome. It's one of the must buy game on Steam!Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,26315585,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,yukisnow78,Loved it!  Great story and the great music pushes it to the next level.Edit: Ok played episodes 1 and 2 now.  YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME.Seriously: Buy this game. Instead of food if you have to.Buy. This. Game.
,Recommended,319630,27499575,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,seviro,One of the best story games I've ever played.
76561198074358767,Recommended,319630,15054380,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Potato Patrick♥,"From ""sneeky books"" to consequences from watering your plant, ""by Neptunes beard"" this game has it all. ""Arcadia gay sucks deck"" but this game does not. 11/10 would let fat chick get hit by football again."
76561198031048210,Recommended,319630,14540151,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Batchiryuu,"Pretty interesting story that got me hooked rather quickly, and making me want to know what is going on.  The rewind ability makes for excelent puzzle solving and helps with making it so that one didn't have to feel as rushed during events that are seemed to be timed with quick applications."
,Recommended,319630,14369626,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Windoes,Do u like puzzles? Do u think that both genders are equally inportant? THEN GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME PuZZLE ADVENTURE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!! U CAN SPLASH PAINT ON A EVIL GIRL AND U CAN FREAKING CONTROL TIME!!!!
,Recommended,319630,14400900,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Senpai Sends Pies,"This game made me buy a polaroid camera and $300 worth of exposures, ggwp subtle advertising by sqenix."
,Recommended,319630,14708396,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MynameisBeau69,"One of the best games I've played in a while. Great story, beautfiul world, and amazing characters. Can't wait for episode 2."
,Recommended,319630,14358948,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kadkata,"UPDATED REVIEW:Okay... So a long time ago I wrote a review on the first episode when it came out. First episode was good. Nothing special, but there was a good promising for the next episodes. Then when the second one come out I was thinking ""game is getting better and better"". Then the third one. I just instantly put this game on my favourite games list. 4th one was ""WTF DID THAT JUST REALLY HAPPEN?!?"" And so on till the last episode which was EPIC . Life is Strange is a game that just gives you dem chills after playing for awhile. I dont think somebody can hate on it. There is going to be Season 2, but it will be set on another place with another characters n story. I wont write about characters or events in game cuz obviously spoilers. I will just say:    Buy the game! You wont regret it and maybe it will become your favourite game.10/10Best money spent this year."
76561198024039924,Recommended,319630,15194796,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GutiElLatino,"It´s a good game! You play as this young girl names Max and you have a lot of choices and ways to make this young girls destiny. It has a lots of good sound- and specialeffect which gives the game feelings and makes it emotionable. You suddently make the game very personal and live you in it. If PewDiePie rated it he would say ""10/10 IGN"" and actually mean it this time. ;)"
76561198209032008,Recommended,319630,15197323,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Crow,"Honestly, the best game I've ever played.  Genius game play, gorgeous animation...I've never been so impressed by a game in my life and I'm not surprised at all that it would come from Square Enix.  Amazing..."
76561198010121187,Recommended,319630,15119309,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ballistic,I just finished episode 2 like 10 minutes ago and i already want to play episode 3! I wish there were more episodes than 5 i just want to stay in this world and explore!
,Recommended,319630,14850421,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ess,This game is truly amazing. The story is really well written and the depth of it is very good. I will recommend this game to anyone who likes a good story.
76561197984241849,Recommended,319630,31025875,Posted: 8 April,all,Hwoarangy,Realy deep and interesting story with ending and storyline YOU choose.
,Recommended,319630,14247532,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ORO GIALLO COME BART,"really like this game,has a lot of potential. feeling like staying on Punk pages on tumblr,your friend is on drugs,you can rewind time,but you never really try to get high.9/10"
76561198051763955,Recommended,319630,16113749,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SGD,"Gosh! Awesome! Amazing storyline in which i ever took part. It's like a little life with their own feelings, good and bad moments, ups and downs in our vortex of real life. The breath of fresh air!But you really must remember one thing: every action in life has consequences.And if you thought you done all right, the Fate will kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥with words: every action has consequences.But it isn't a time to being a loser it's the time to rewind this sh*t)I fell in love with the both girls and don't wanna leave them."
,Recommended,319630,14432275,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,LeftHanded Matt,"Great mix of Veronica Mars, Twin Peaks and The X-Files. Gorgeously atmospheric. Slow start that builds and made me very invested. A fantastic gaming experience so far."
76561198012364394,Recommended,319630,14320327,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,laguna,very cute and gay
76561198041515656,Recommended,319630,19694436,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,K2o| Snake,As they always say .. it's not a game it's an experiencethat will take you to a beautiful place called Arcadia Bayand you will live throw an awsome and heartbreaking story.... 9/10 - The best experience and gameplay and with the gorgeous graphicsI can say now it's better than TWD from Telltale Games
76561198010021395,Recommended,319630,19710128,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Code_BLUE,Hands down the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,319630,29508536,Posted: 26 January,all,Momo Senp@!,Amazing...Love the concept . I always find such games quite appealing and interesting <3
,Recommended,319630,29683906,Posted: 3 February,all,shiZze,"Love this game, wonderful story and art. Hopefully there will be more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,319630,27577281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GTric,"By far, the best game I've ever played. Great art, story and soundtrack. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,27606009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RagnarokArisen,"The story is deep and saturated with powerful and very real issues, some of which can really hit home with people who have actually experienced them. The characters you immediately fall in love with, and even better, relate to on a personal level, which makes the storytelling impact that much more emotional and heart-wrenchingly real. The soundtrack is flawless and nostalgic, and the art design is stunning. Not only the best episodic story game I have ever played (beating telltale at their own game, pun intended, by miles), but also one of the best games I have played period. By far the best $5 I have ever spent, and I would not feel any differently had I paid the full $20. I would pay even more for the experience this game gave me. Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award."
76561198103597558,Recommended,319630,27982133,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shizuo,"This game is just fantastic, the soundtracks, the characters, very intense.But I think you really have to take your time to observe and fall in love with the characters, rushing through the game, EVEN BY THE SLIGHTEST, ruins the experience sraight up. So you kinda need to adjust yourself from most other games but its definitely worth it, you won't regret it.So my tip is: Take your time, there is no pressure, cause you might regret overlooking even the, on first glance, minor things."
,Recommended,319630,28101111,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SGTX,"I got this for $5, this was the best $5 I've ever spent"
,Recommended,319630,28478888,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SirLoin027,"Finally finshed the game. I'll admit that I had a hard time getting through the first 15 minutes. The dialog was cringeworthy, and some of the voice work was obnoxious. Was tempted to abandon the game completely, but I read a few reviews and decided to power through the first chapter, and at least give it a fair shot.After that I was hooked.Played one chapter a night for the last 5 nights, and had a really fun time with it. Made some bad choices, got a few people killed, rewound time to let Alyssa get hit with a roll of toilet paper repeatedly. You know, a responsible use of my powers.All in all, a really well told story with a bunch of well fleshed out characters, a few not so great characters, and an ending that I didn't see coming at all.Btw, those texts in the last chapter are hilarious and worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,319630,28219671,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SmellyUndies,Buy it.Play game.Try not to cry.Cry a lot.
76561197970840537,Recommended,319630,28931278,Posted: 1 January,all,infin,"The world of Arcadia Bay, Oregon breathes with countless references to other fictions -- Twin Peaks, X-Files, and American Psycho, for a few -- and even borrows many of its plot developments, but never so many from one source that it feels derivative.  Instead, Life is Strange presents a subtler, stranger, and more emotionally-engaging take on the Telltale Games formula of cascading player choices.  Although I didn't personally relate to many of the characters or the high school/college-level drama spurring on the larger narrative, the protagonist is so easy to inhabit that I still agonized over each choice and ached along with her."
76561198354060606,Recommended,319630,29100074,Posted: 7 January,all,Plasma,Awesome game emotional and still is good 2 years later
,Recommended,319630,29101176,Posted: 7 January,all,Papy,"One of the more interesting games I've come across lately. Great story and the time aspect is a nice addition. For someone that is bored with shoot'em up games this is a welcome change. Like a good book it's hard to put down, too bad there'sno sequel (yet) but hopefully good things come to those who wait.  Hope Pompidou made it..."
,Recommended,319630,29213010,Posted: 12 January,all,__GooSE__,"REVIEW NOTE: I am a father, in my mid 30's and have been gaming since 1986. As an older gamer my time is limited, all to often I dont finish agame, even if other sites rate them super high. Why? Because as a professional and a father my time i simportant so I game has to be extra special to take me aweay from family and work.Not even finished the game yet and am writing this review. Stop reading this and play it. That is all."
,Recommended,319630,27296841,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Synths,"Love this game so much, i hope there is another one :("
76561198105667671,Recommended,319630,28230742,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HaloRagecats,"Many manly tears were shed while playing this beautiful, amazing, and touching game."
76561198065829863,Recommended,319630,28168152,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DangoSan,"I always assumed this game would be awful, (with good reason) as I played the first episode when it became free and was not impressed at all. I gave it another chance due to the rave reviews and an insane amount of praise for the game. Which lead to me thinking that I must have been wrong.That would be an understatement.I admit that there definitely is some rather annoying quirks, such as the vocabulary of the characters - it made me slightly angry each time I heard someone say ""Hella"". There's also the art, which is pretty and suited the game well; but was blurry most of the time. Finally, my last major gripe was a few actions and responses of characters, though they won't be discussed to avoid spoilers.Ignoring the first episode, after finishing each of the rest I was left every time mouthing ""Whaaat??"" silently, (Not even exaggerating) thinking ""I did not expect THAT"". Due to the story getting progressively darker and more intriguing as the episode count went on, leading to one of the most heart-wrenching conclusions from any game I've ever played. I can watch TV shows, Films and read Books with all of them being able to get an emotional reaction from me. Though with games being an exception almost every time. Witcher 3 and Life Is Strange are the only games that have ever made the ""Muh Feels"" circlejerk real. Unless you count crying with laughter because the cart at the beginning of Skyrim started flying, leading to a magical adventure.You have a fun sized amount of characters in the game to read up on or talk more information out of them so you can understand who they really are. The shallow and bratty young adults are generally much more interesting than the face they wear in their daily lives. Some can be extremely petty even for their age group. Yet all have at least some charm... barring one...boy. I enjoyed the cast of the game thoroughly despite the flaws and annoyances. They helped to make Max's life a little less two dimensional, with them calling her out on various things.If you still have doubts after playing the first episode then take it from me that there is much more to this game than angsty hipster antics."
,Recommended,319630,28176778,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RenKaii,"This game has a few bugs with it, sometimes if you rewind too fast or at ""wrong"" points it will go into this weird lock up where everything is frozen around you but you can move. But it is rare to happen, I can go through the entire game without doing that, so it isnt a huge issue. But this game is wonderful, great storyline, you actually feel for the characters and hate others, you feel emotions, and it has great music. I high recomend you give this game a chance."
,Recommended,319630,27401620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Gibus Lord,Simple sweet time travel story ill give it 4.5/5
,Recommended,319630,28619301,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tinker32,"Absolutely love this game, cannot believe I haven't played it before now. Really addictive, and makes you care about the characters and the outcomes of your actions."
,Recommended,319630,18638208,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,M!niNinja,"Life is strangebut rather strangethan dullfor strangemakes life, worthwhileMost gripping game experience of 2015"
76561197981147537,Recommended,319630,18639111,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Artful Dodger,"I just finished Life is Strange. I wonder if releasing it on Back to the Future Day was intentional.I'm in awe. Beautiful story, with characters I adore. And that final choice will be extremely polarizing.Yet I knew instantly exactly which one I would make.The choices we make when interpreting a story - whatever the format - tell us something about who we are. This is part of why fiction is so valuable. The lovely thing about interactive fiction is that those choices determine the course of the story itself.What Life is Strange's final choice teaches me about myself is that Kierkegaard's Knight of Faith tilts at windmills in my head.""Maybe it means something more - something we can't yet understand. Maybe it's some evidence, some artifact of a higher dimension that we can't consciously perceive.... Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends dimensions of time and space. Maybe we should trust that, even if we can't understand it."" - Anne Hathaway, Interstellar"
,Recommended,319630,18600394,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dinali ng great wall,One of the most attaching games I have played so far.
,Recommended,319630,18702115,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Crauza,Its a rollercoaster of feels.
76561198028047611,Recommended,319630,18099993,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[GOAT] TheStruggleWithin,If you want to shape the game by your own choices then this is your game to buy!
,Recommended,319630,21713557,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Giant Todd Head,This game has told me that I absolutely lack ability to let go.
,Recommended,319630,18693765,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Greger,"Life is Strange is a masterpiece of interactive stories, TellTale Games have nothing on this one.I thoroughly enjoyed the game, and I would love for Squeenie to produce more games like this, I really do have nothing bad to say about this story, the only drawbacks are some engine-based stuff, and I'll get to that.PROS:Amazing storyline involving time travel and its ""Cause and Effect"", a lot of twists and suprisesInteresting characters that you will feel connected to.You actually feel that your choices matter in some way or another, not just the illusion of it.CONS:Talking animations are a bit stale, sometimes characters may look a bit like sock puppets."
76561198126486382,Recommended,319630,18696145,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,deelopa,made me cry so much 100/10 would rewind and play as if i never played it to cry again
,Recommended,319630,18719418,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Laslus,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. Aaaand probably the most ♥♥♥♥ed up one. It's brilliant, it blows your mind and will probably leave me a little paranoid/insane. It's perfect. Everything, from the characters, to the songs, to the choices you have to make and mainly to the story. Oh, and the insane plot twist. it's all amazing. The only thing that bugged me on this game is the controls, which aren't really that great, but after you played like, an hour of it you'll be so caught up in Max's life that you don't even care about controls anymore.I recommend this game to anyone. From casual players to people who are addicted to games. It's just this worthy.Just. Play it. now. do it."
,Recommended,319630,18719487,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,CC007,"I once thought asked myself: what would it be like for there to be magic in this world? What if we got thrown into a situation we would never expect ourselves to be in. What would happen if we could go back in time and change what we once thought that could never be changed? Do we really make a difference in this world or did fate decide what would happen? And who am I to choose over the fates of myself and others?But even though I asked those questions and this very game tried to answer my thoughts, even though I was amazed and enlightened by the wisdom that the game gave me, it was not what really made me like this game.The only reason I know that this game is one of the best games out there is that it moved me. Every time I think about it, I feel my heart ache and my tummy churn. It is a feeling that I want to keep with me forever and at the same time I want to distance myself from it as much as I can. It's like thinking about the best memories of a close friend who recently died. It gets to you, it moves you, it changes you.It changed my life."
,Recommended,319630,18720323,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,evan002,This game is really damn good.
,Recommended,319630,18720562,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gilomonster,I cant even process how fantastic an expierence this game is. I wish I could give DontNod all my money right now.10/10
,Recommended,319630,18721398,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,L.Y.S. ShaperEnCrisQc,This game is a real gem. It's like the first time you watch The Butterfly Effect with Ashton Kutcher. It's super good and you can get easily get 10 hours of play time to get through all the episode.
,Recommended,319630,19274898,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Generic Polar Bear,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,319630,19277000,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ax2Grind93,One of the most emotionally draining games I’ve played in years. A great experiment and a must buy.
,Recommended,319630,19375867,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Oneshot1killWWE,Wow this is one of the best games of 2015.
76561198091086176,Recommended,319630,19380331,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Travi «3,This is the best Game i've ever played.Thanks making this possible. <3
76561198064633647,Recommended,319630,19362809,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Altruism Alfred,"This game is Amazeballs!Every choice you make affects your further gameplay. And i mean EVERY choice. At the end of an episode, you can see which choices you made, and which choices other players made. To me, that's wildly entertaining.If you crave storyline and mystery, GET THIS GAME NOW."
,Recommended,319630,25615872,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Red,"one of the best character developments ive ever seen. extremely emotional rollercoaster, i love how the game makes you care about even the most♥♥♥♥♥holeish characters. i wish i could forget it so i can experience it anew"
,Recommended,319630,25625066,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kwiji,One of the best story games ever! Nearly dethroned HL2 as my favourite game.time travelgood storyvery good characters/character developementamazing / fitting musicVery good visualsawesome map design
76561198125372465,Recommended,319630,25625087,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ze_Hat_Man,Start of the game: This should be funEnd of the game: *sobbing in a corner*Play all 5 chapters of this I can't reccomend it enough. It's not a game it's an experience and it's changed my veiw on how Life should be lived. Just buy it
,Recommended,319630,25256639,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,xjesuskillx,Ok so I dont write reviews but here it goesPlayed cause it was freeBought episode 2 almost imdeatly10/10
,Recommended,319630,25205173,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SlantyShanty,Emotionally devastated. 10/10would emotionally devastate self again.
76561198028681495,Recommended,319630,25162879,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,--luckyAssasin--,Great game just finished 1-3 lots of music feels like a movie in wich u alter the details.. so far i let a girl kill herself killed  a plant and brought a guy back to life while crippeling his daughter.. 10/10 would let the plant die again..
,Recommended,319630,24682552,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cap1Banksy,"fantastic game, pay 20 bucks for the full set but try out episode one. GO IN BLIND, it's best not to know anything about the game."
,Recommended,319630,27456918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Beredan,What a mind screw this was :D.Great game!
,Recommended,319630,27457222,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Valscor,Great Story
,Recommended,319630,27711826,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Darkcode,"This game will suck you in faster then a dyson vaccumm on nitrious!  So i'm not a huge fan of the point and click style games but when you need a break from the fast paced action games and just wanna chill on a good story then i would recommend this title.  Being that episode 1 is free, why not right?  Ok, i'll bite.  Hats off to Square Enix and Dontnod for creating an epic story with compelling and very believable characters.  The actions you take will make you think and undoubtedly bring back a few memories of growing up and some of the challenges we all go through.  There is no right or wrong in these actions, only outcomes that mold the person you are or will become.  Its a great concept game you don't see often and especialy one that is as well crafted as this.  It's worth noting that the game is very linear and fairly short but don't let that drive you away.  The emotion that the game will bring out of you is intense and seems very real.  Its worth it!"
76561198005701362,Recommended,319630,27725616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Beagle [GB],Most memorable and emotional story in a long while!
76561198121553250,Recommended,319630,27787423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jim Lahey is a Drunk Bastard,"I normally don't write reviews, but for this one, I had to write one.Whenever I hear people say that video games cannot be a form of art, I want to grab them, sit them down, and make them play this game. It is one of the most beautifully written and voiced art *somethings* that I've ever experienced, along with it's sweet soundtrack and art style.Now, for video games I normally stick with your average hardcore FPS or Strategy games, Battlefield COD, Total War, Starcraft etc., but I also like watching movies and reading books.Life is Strange, just seems to capture almost every single good aspect of those three mediums above.From a gaming standpoint, the game is unique. While not completely action packed, it is more ""puzzle-packed"" with various obstacles you need to overcome. Along with that, the ability to control time is interesting too, and it happens to be implemented well.From a movie or cinematic standpoint, the artwork in this game is beautiful. The way that the colours are used often perfectly match the emotions of a certain scene or set the mood up for an upcoming one. Also, the animations are smooth and the faces seem genuine and do really well with showing off emotion. Not everygame needs to have AAA levels of graphics, and this game proves it.From a writing standpoint, this game again, is very beautiful and it stands out. While it has some sappy or cheesy bits, it comes up genuine and more lifelike than even some movies seen today. The way it tackles subjects such as suicide, underage drug/drink use, abusive relationships, etc. is almost humanlike. It brings out emotions that maybe you have felt before in your life or something that you haven't experienced.I wish I could write more but I know I can't without spoiling the game, but this is genuinely one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen."
,Recommended,319630,27618061,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ouiijm Guiitps,Made me rethink my life
76561198077753070,Recommended,319630,27579567,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kowalski,"I nominated this game for ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye""""Must have""12/10"
76561198019146145,Recommended,319630,27360056,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Senpai,"Just the ultimate teenage hipsterish emotion rollercoaster ""simulator"" out there. Hella perfect game, trust me..."
,Recommended,319630,27535825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KingRabbit,M A S T E R P I E C E !
,Recommended,319630,27552435,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xG3R_Geilomatikx,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
76561198063003201,Recommended,319630,27373835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bazzington,"Absouletly adored this game. Great plot, great characterisation, great detail, great immersion = 10/10!"
,Recommended,319630,27505407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gromek999,"It's not tears, just liquid pride:'("
76561198272403360,Recommended,319630,27487006,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ROBOKING 5000,Just awesome...get it and see for your self!
,Recommended,319630,27364190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zumototoka,6/5 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,27388557,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,almo007,Im just writing this to get a a badge. wolloollolokdgomdsfg
,Recommended,319630,26960668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deluril,This game hits you right in the feels and tugs on those heartstrings.
,Recommended,319630,27201283,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ßeorthwulf,"Life of a teenage girl, an adventure full of feels and tears"
,Recommended,319630,29735088,Posted: 5 February,all,Hong Kong Phooey,"I absolutely love this game.If you love story based games this is the game for you.The soundtrack of this game makes it a thousand times betterAlso its nice that you can buy each individual episode so try the first one which the last time I checked is free.So atleast try the first episode, and after that if your not hooked then you don't feel emotion"
76561198226871876,Recommended,319630,29648156,Posted: 2 February,all,tengmia,Great story! Soundtrack is amazing!
,Recommended,319630,29696891,Posted: 4 February,all,imeonmiminoemi,Made me cry10/10
76561198196483990,Recommended,319630,30016706,Posted: 18 February,all,thijmn,"i ♥♥♥♥ing loved the first episode, it's a really great gamedefinately going to buy the other episode, especially since it's on sale, but even without the sale it would be worth the money"
,Recommended,319630,30093960,Posted: 21 February,all,vanSulli,"Overall, a good story-driven game with a reasonably cool gimmick. The ending is annoying, but the game itself is pretty good. The writing is actually a pretty good impersonation of late high school/college in my experience, which might be why it feels so cringey in some places.If I had to pick one complaint for the whole game, it's that the story seems to love introducing new tragedies a bit too much."
,Recommended,319630,30094371,Posted: 21 February,all,Popcorn,this is a good game .... I like it..
76561198105196947,Recommended,319630,30036390,Posted: 19 February,all,Noaark,"Great original concept, recommended for everyone. Especially since the first episode is free."
76561198325710097,Recommended,319630,29905226,Posted: 13 February,all,deannobel,very recomended
76561198079093167,Recommended,319630,29911287,Posted: 13 February,all,ancient_geometrist,"Well, this is a strange one(pun definitely intended). I've been gathering the courage to expose my thoughts for quite some time now.First of all, if you feel somehow attracted by this game for reasons that cannot be put into words, then by all meansgo for it.I did feel very awkward about it at first; fortunately I didn't let the doubt have a say in this one.But take a word of warning. Don't think you are prepared for the emotional load this game may drop onto you. Believe me, you are most likely not. It will push all of your buttons and force you to vomit everything out. Every feeling, every desire, every regret. Not to mention the whole tragedy that is the story itself. The characters are very believable and possess an entire human dimension behind their stereotype façades; it feels as though they could be real, and it gets very disheartening. It will warp you. I have spent a really long time trying to deal with the pain this experience brought upon me. But it's a good kind of pain, if that makes any sense. Pain that releases, pain that reveals. If you can relate to anything I've written so far, then I cannot recommend it enough. I can't speak for everybody, but I do know that this game has changed me. Probably as any experience does, but I can say that this one was particularly powerful, and that it will stay in my heart for the rest of my life. With that said, whether or not to get it is ultimately your choice. And this choicewillhave consequences."
76561198088227788,Recommended,319630,20104970,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mllst,"Similar to other time traveling stories... This game offers you the feelings of desperation, and the struggles a person goes through in attempt to manipulate reality.Time traveling does not come at no cost. For every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction...In order to achieve the outcome you so desire, how much are you willing to sacrifice?Zip up your pants, and allow ""Life is Strange"" to take you on a stormy ride."
,Recommended,319630,20101553,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bryton,"""Max F##KING caulfield, Time Warrior""8.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,20112371,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TESSellations,"I can easily say this game impacted me more than any game has so far. Despite how easily LIS could have turned into just another hero story DONTNOD made sure this game covered topics that anyone could relate to. Being a teen is confusing for all of us.Sure it has quirks. The game complete changes pace sometimes, and may have quite the linear path for a game where choices matter but in a way that's the whole point of it all.Whatever you choose it will always seem like the wrong choice as we have Max question our decisions for nearly every major choice. Somedays life may change entirely. In a week your whole world could be different. Life doesn't always make sense. Life itself may seem like it's out to get you. life is full of suprises. In the end though, the best way to describe it... Life is Strange."
76561198067728765,Recommended,319630,19485137,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DeeperWhite,"I know I know I've let you downI've been a fool to myselfI thought that I could live for no one elseBut now through all the hurt and painIt's time for me to respectThe ones you love mean more than anythingSo with sadness in my heart I feel the best thing I could doIs end it all and leave foreverWhat's done is done it feels so badWhat once was happy now is sadI'll never love again my world is endingI wish that I could turn back timeCos now the guilt is all mineCan't live without the trust from those you loveI know we can't forget the pastYou can't forget love and prideBecause of that it's all killing me insideIt all returns to nothingIt all comes tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling downIt all returns to nothingI just keep letting me down, letting me down, letting me downIn my heart of hearts I know that I could never love againI've lost everything, everythingEverything that matters to me, matters in this worldI wish that I could turn back timeCos now the guilt is all mineCan't live without The trust from those you loveI know we can't forget the pastYou can't forget the love and prideBecause of that it's kill in me insideIt all returns to nothingit just keep tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling downIt all returns to nothingI just keep letting me down, letting me down, letting me downIt all returns to nothingit just keep tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling downIt all returns to nothingI just keep letting me down, letting me down, letting me downAH……AH……AH……AH……Tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling downAH……AH……AH……AH……Letting me down, letting me down, letting me downAH……AH……AH……AH……Tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling downAH……AH……AH……AH……Letting me down, letting me down, letting me down--------------------- From the lyric of Komm, süsser Tod/甘き死よ、来たれ---------------------"
,Recommended,319630,19468794,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,alexlucibello,"[ENG] I. AM. SPEECHLESS. Regardless of the extremely positive review on Steam, this is absolutely a master piece, it became one of my favourite games ever, not kidding. Seriously, with the last Episode it becomes another game, it's the real plot twist.I don't know what to say, i love this kind of games (played Heavy Rain, The Wolf Among Us...) but this is absolutely unbeatable. Lovely characters, beautiful soundtracks, fantastic actors, amazing scenarios, and all these things even if were bad done, this would still be a master piece because of its plot. This game is all plot, yes.It's like a modifiable anime, or an interactive film. Speaking of anime it reminds me of Steins;Gate, just for this you MUST play this game.By the way the endings are so touching and deep, i could not ask for better.I just loved playing Life is Strange, thank you for letting me enjoy this art. This is the nowdays game, nothing else to say.Ps: Instabought on 33% Sale on Steam, if i were really rich i would pay much more, any amount.Ps 2: The music are so beautiful, fit pefectly in the game and i can't resist listening to them, i'm in love.[ITA] SONO. SENZA. PAROLE. Indipendentemente dalla valutazione estremamente positiva su Steam, questo è assolutamente un capolavoro, è diventato senza dubbio uno dei miei titoli preferiti, non scherzo. Seriamente, con l'ultimo episodio (il 5) diventa tutto un altro gioco, è veramente il colpo di scena per tutta la serie.Non so cosa dire, amo questo genere di giochi (ho giocato Heavy Rain, The Wolf Among Us..) ma questo è in assoluto imbattibile. Personaggi attraenti, musiche bellissime, attori fantastici, scenari spettacolari, e anche se tutte queste cose erano di scarsa qualità, questo gioco risulterebbe ancora in un capolavoro per via della sua trama. Si, questo gioco è tutta trama.E' come un anime modificabile, o un film interattivo. Parlando di anime mi ricorda Steins;Gate, e solo per questo DOVETE giocare questo titolo.E come se non bastasse i finali sono veramente toccanti e profondi, non potevo chiedere di meglio.Ho semplicemente amato Life is Strange, grazie per avermi dato la possibilità di emozionarmi con quest'arte. Questo è il gioco del secolo, non ho nient'altro da dire.Ps: comprato con il 33% di sconto su Steam, se fossi veramente ricco pagherei molto di più, qualsiasi cifra.Ps 2: Le musiche sono bellissime, nel gioco calzano a pennello e ora non riesco più a togliermele dalla testa, me le ascolto continuamente <3MAD SCIENTIST APPROVE THIS MASTERPIECE, EL.....PSY.....CONGROO......"
,Recommended,319630,19468811,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,dead_alewives,"I'm going to recommend this, though I do have a couple of small gripes. I'll jot these down in a simple list format:PROS:-Good voice acting and writing*-The story is good and isn't rushed*-The characters are very well developed and diverse.- The soundtrack is fantastic- The game runs great. There were also no bugs, glitches or crashes at any point.- Is heavily inspired by Twin Peaks- Is way better than anything David Cage has done.CONS:-*Though the voice acting and writing for the most part are great, there were times where characters would do or say things that made no sense. Perhaps some of it was a loss in translation from French to English.- *Though the story is great, there were a few times certain scenes would stretch on for a bit TOO long, like they were put in just to stretch the game's playtime.- The character models in this game are pretty janky most of the time (if you've played a telltale game, you'll know what I mean). This includes the lip syncing- which is awful to non-existant. The expressions on characters' faces also suffer from this, which I found kind of ruined certain emotional scenes. It's hard to take a depressed character seriously, for example, when their face looks mannequin-esque.Despite my gripes, I would still highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys a well written, story-driven game. If you like any of Telltale's or Quantic Dream's games, this would suit you just fine."
,Recommended,319630,19472660,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,pyszkoryptodajev,One of the best game i've ever played.It was pleasure for me to play this.I have no words to describe this artwork.420/10
,Recommended,319630,19474437,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hoàng,"This game was awsome for the first 4 parts. Nice hand-painted animations, nice music, nice characters. But I don't like the ""ending"" in Ep 5. This game worths your money tho. Buy it !"
76561198148165751,Recommended,319630,19296442,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,watzz9876,"First i like to say that this game is amazing. It stands on what the voice actors can do and they nailed it, the best voice acting i have ever heard. The characters are unique, they might appear boring or cliche at first but they are far from it. The story is amazing, it can be a little predictable but it bring enough new things to make it great.  It's easy to play, almost identical as the telltale games, and would make a great game for someone who is new to video games. It's a great game for people who care about the story more than the game play. This game is about two friends and i think it's worth every penny to experience their friendship."
,Recommended,319630,19357464,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Quantum RECTUM [XJ9],i'm in love with all of the characters holy shiz the plot is so good
76561198025934395,Recommended,319630,19359953,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sephiraz. 🎧,"I have played this game trough all episodes now, and i gotta say it is really not that bad.Even the available decisions you have towards people which about what you are going to say even includes if you have ""Looked"" on an item in a room. - This game is so precise.I loved every second i spend on this game.Its story rich and you will be sucked into the game more and more the story continues.I would definitely would like to play this game again making different choices to see how the story would develop then.The only thing i didnt like (beside from waiting months on a new episode...) was that it gets a bit dull later on the game.You know whats gonna happen and its just clicking and clicking.Still i would recommend this game.!Its amazing!You're wasting your time reading this when you could've already been playing."
,Recommended,319630,19353547,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AluminiumTech,A game with an interesting mechanic and the story telling nature of it make it a great game. However the ending is dissapointing to say the least and felt far too predictable. Overall a great idea for a game mechanic with a nice story telling theme but with the execution of the latter part of the story missing. 6/10. Warning - If you don't want to or can't experience an emotional rollercoaster then do not play this game.
76561198036847715,Recommended,319630,19967394,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,1412,Great game.
,Recommended,319630,19970103,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Blue Morpho,"This game tries to make you go on a feel trip, but i refuse to turn in my premission slip.10/10"
76561198022827878,Recommended,319630,19970981,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,amly,10/10 Would get emotionally wrecked again
,Recommended,319630,18595832,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bannakaffalatta,"Great game, great story, sad f*ckings ending, I cied :("
76561197992695648,Recommended,319630,27034962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MasterFidget,Quentin Tarrantino level soundtrack
,Recommended,319630,19477530,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arubatorosu,One of the best games I've played
76561198002507623,Recommended,319630,17307279,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,FromThyAshes,I was able to take a selfie in the first five minutes.10/10
76561198030665293,Recommended,319630,28150369,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Scuzzlebutt,"A game about friendship, coming of age, and indeed the very nature of human life. The writing and voice acting are for the most part excellent, the story will take you through all the emotions and the script and dialogues are realistic and witty. It's got great attention to detail, namely in the graphics despite a minimalist yet efficient art style, and the soundtrack is pretty good and fits the tone of the game quite well. Also, of course, it's one of the most geniunely poignant games you'll ever play.This game really took me by surprise, I didn't expect to enjoy it anywhere near as much as I did. But as it stands I recommend this game to everyone... unless you are not human."
,Recommended,319630,29557155,Posted: 28 January,all,Grand Admiral Thrawn,"This is one of my new favorite games and one of the best games I have ever played! I wasn't sure what to expect going into it, but boy was it worth it! I have played the game in completion twice now, am currently working on a third playthrough, and have watched several let's plays on Youtube. I have gifted or conviced many of my friends to buy and play it, and would recommend the game to anyone!"
76561198262781155,Recommended,319630,27576508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Proximity,Strange is Life
,Recommended,319630,30344538,Posted: 5 March,all,shiraiphoenix,"I was not prepared for the Feels Trip when I started playing the game. The characters are quite relatable, which in my opinion makes the gamer feel more invested in the plot. And the soundtrack is quite honestly to die for. Spanish Sahara is now one of my favorite songs and I own all the other ones, too.You won't know if you like it or not until you actually try it, but I can say this: if you're a fan of the supernatural and mystery, give this game a shot."
76561198040412091,Recommended,319630,15921600,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,96kidbuu,Just finished episode three and I. ♥♥♥♥ING. CAN'T.11/10
,Recommended,319630,26274703,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Black Remedy,Best Hipster Simulator ever
76561198037553151,Recommended,319630,17566301,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Djeuve [Gab],"Few games can truly pull you in emotionally like this one does. Every choice has lasting consequences throughout the episodes, making me second-guess even the most minor of actions. I will have to play a second run-through someday just to see how radically the story can change by going in different directions.Simply beautiful."
,Recommended,319630,31671556,Posted: 10 May,all,2lee,I consider myself a gamer for over 25 years but I never cried over one. NOT ever ... until now.Buy it. Play it. You won't regret it. Period
,Recommended,319630,31698696,Posted: 12 May,all,Peter.,Played this game found out life is pretty normal so I can't complain when someone wants to start imagining that stuff's happening to spice things up.
,Recommended,319630,31706879,Posted: 12 May,all,Venom Snake | csgoroll.com,Life is Strange = Feels Simulator 2015
,Recommended,319630,20206234,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ela,"There are only two games to ever make me shed tears, The Walking Dead Season 1 and Life Is Strange.So how do you get out of depression now?"
,Recommended,319630,30228027,Posted: 27 February,all,nexo,"Life is Strange is a work of art. This episodic graphic adventure features characteristics resembling those of a masterpiece. The game brilliantly displays the most impacting voice acting conveying the idea that it is real. The soundtrack that the game offers soothes the mind and works with the story beautifully. Every action and every decision that the player makes has consequences and there exists nothing that is excluded. This piece leaves the player with an experience that is unforgetable, one that will surely impact the way the player thinks from after they complete the game. The game not only presents graphics uniquely with a new way of expressing visuals, but also something that seems as if it was hand-drawn. The characteristics of the plot strike the player with such force that time is required to ponder over the elements of its development. The plot clearly exemplifies signs of originality, and the impression that things are not what they seem is boldly demonstrated. In addition, the game does a solid job at developing a crucial relationship between the characters and the player, leaving the player guilty or satisfied based on their decisions made. Life is Strange is the remark of the year of 2015, boldly establishing its place as one of the best games in history. I believe everyone deserves the oppurtunity to play this work of life lessons and morals, establishing its name as a game for everyone. Life is Strange is DONTNOD Entertainment's masterpiece, and nothing less. Life is very strange."
76561198083099057,Recommended,319630,18595781,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rigby,"Just finished episode 5 of life is strange and i have to say it is one of the best games i have ever played and will leave me with many great memories. Now im just hoping the LIS team makes a sequel, or more! Thank you, Square Enix."
76561197988374218,Recommended,319630,18595795,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,PopeUrban,"Dontnod eats telltale's lunch.An original story, choices that actually matter, gameplay that is much more centered around solving puzzles both physical and social with a unique time altering mechanic than executing QTEs and choosing inconsequential dialog choices, and a closing chapter that perfectly finishes one of the most unique adventure games it has ever been my pleasure to play.It is impossible to say more about this game without ruining it. I only wish I could rewind time back to before I played it so I could enjoy it just as much again.Dontnod: Please make more games.Square Enix: Please keep funding this studioAdventure game fans: Buy this game. Now. You will not regret it.Not a fan of adventure games: Also buy this game now, and become a fan of adventure games."
76561198147217859,Recommended,319630,29016475,Posted: 4 January,all,moma.chine,Amazing game with an amazing soundtrack. One of my all time favourites.
76561197970494818,Recommended,319630,26983115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[HUNT]Gerald_Tarrant,There are very few games that get to me. When a game causes a 42 year old man to get a bit emotional you know it is written way beyond what you expect. Anyone who says video games cannot be art have not played this.
76561198030334811,Recommended,319630,18737883,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Wagrid,"""Why are we still here? Just to suffer?"" - Kazuhira Miller's view on living in a post Life is Strange world.This is a really special game and anybody who appreciates story telling in games should at least give it a shot."
,Recommended,319630,18703799,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Koomgs,Ever wanted to know how much tears there is in your body?This game will help you find out!
,Recommended,319630,18725664,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,wllmdunbar6,F**King love this game i know im only down as playing 2hrs of it put iv been playing it through on my PS4 lol. Kinda falling in love with Max too :/ lol9.5/10 Gold
,Recommended,319630,18570293,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Malachite,"Without a doubt one of the best games I've ever played! Very recommendable for everyone who enjoys deep going and dark stories, combined with a lot of heart, interesting characters and multiple choice decisions along mwith multiple endings."
76561198018874746,Recommended,319630,18572583,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,StrikeFreedom,"Great story, great design, amazing sound track. Voice acting is top notch, especially Ashly Burch as Chloe Price.Dialogue can be a bit silly and over the top ""geeky"", but the main characters are American teens so it is probably realistic enough. About the same amount of gameplay as Telltale's The Wolf Among Us. The episodes are surprisingly long, clocking in about 14 hours for the first 4 episodes if you take your time to talk to everyone and enjoy the scenery.Certainly a contender for Game of the Year for the story rich/point and click games."
,Recommended,319630,18670566,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Misha,okay okay WHat THE ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,319630,18606031,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dyzzydyzzy,50 000 000/10 Points!Best game I've ever played so far!I want more games like this!Please! Just buy it! Yeah - YOU! Buy it!!So much story for that little price!JUST DO IT!EDIT:The final episode could be much better structured.And u could easily make 10 Seasons out of LiSBut I don't know a silimar game anyway!
,Recommended,319630,18606398,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Leeloominai,"This game is perfect, exciting and unique. Great soundtrack, beautiful stories, it is amazing how every choice that you make will eventually change the future. I feel terrible that it is over. Totally recommend it !!!"
,Recommended,319630,18606475,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fireshine,Life is strange is in my opinion the best game where all of your choices matter and will change the outcome of the story. So far it is the only game that I have actually cried because of.
76561197970302204,Recommended,319630,18618113,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Stubbs,In my top 3 adventure games of all time. Really captures something beautiful. The last choice of episode 5 was the hardest I've had to make in a game ever.
76561198083368515,Recommended,319630,18650544,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DeathByMayson,"Never played a game with a better story, anyone should definantly consider buying this.Every episode is filled with excitement and suspense its almost like living through one of your favorite TV shows.All in all a very good game that I think everyone should experience for youself and don't ruin it like I did and watchYoutubers play it, going through it yourself is 10 times better than watching someone else do it."
76561198011019587,Recommended,319630,18650600,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[UCSC] KaraThrace,"Excellent game with meaningful decision branches, engaging characters, and a willingness to show tragedy that overwhelms any minor nitpicks I could give."
76561198132508724,Recommended,319630,18651873,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Life is Strange,This is seriously the best game I have ever played in my life.11/10.People complain about the last episode because of the 2 final descisions but thats how it was meant to be. It might have been predictable but there is nothing wrong with that. If its predictable then it makes more sense as to why it should have happened. The ending made perfect sense. One descision didn't have much to it like it should have but the other ending was ♥♥♥♥ing solid. Absolutely hearbreaking. I love this game and the ending to it. I would definately recommend this game to anyone.A ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful masterpiece. Thanks Dontnod. I hope they make official merchandise for this game <3
,Recommended,319630,18655829,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Athmos,The hardest choises in my life...
,Recommended,319630,18201347,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,#1 BEST WARLOCK WORLD,"The story and gameplay is easily comparable to a more recognised game of this year, Until Dawn. This just does it better. Bring on part 5! 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,28823381,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,W|5H3R,"Truly emotional journey with lots of turns and twists and sacrifices... great, pick it up if you still haven't!"
76561198044551611,Recommended,319630,18164835,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,the mushypea,"When playing Life Is Strange, make sure you keep your urban dictionary on standby."
76561198014822539,Recommended,319630,18445490,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[SMD] Ren-Chon,"I jumped into this game, mostly due to all the positive feedback and reviews it has got throughout the time it has been out.. And I totally agree with most people, this game is truly astounding! Not only for the fact that it's well made, but also because I can relate to its story, if just by little. This really makes the game feel a lot more ""alive"" and real, if I may say so. I will not continue this review of the game, for I am afraid I will spoil some parts if I am not careful enough.With that being said. This is by far one of the best games I have played in the past few years, period. Can't wait for chapter five to come out..!"
,Recommended,319630,18215335,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mathematician patrick,"amazing story line, really gets you absorbed in the world of Life is Strange. you also grow really attached to the characters.the time travel mechanic can get a little gimmicky at times, but it's still a neat mechanic nonetheless.either way, 10/10 game JUST GET IT, YOU WONT REGRET ITp.s. 10/10 soundtrack as well"
76561198085446554,Recommended,319630,18063605,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Qderty,Worth your time and money
,Recommended,319630,18067503,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,CaptBennett,Rewound the same scene to see a kid throw a football at the ground and watch it hit a girls head about 100 times. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,18095993,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Gooby,You pay 15$ to cry.
,Recommended,319630,18047000,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Selling Goth gf,8.5/10the graphic quality is not that good considering it's a Square Enix game but the story more than makes up for it.
,Recommended,319630,18054565,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,necro_p3nguin (Achaner),The feels...
76561198151468649,Recommended,319630,18056294,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,P3T3,This game is the s***! Worth every penny. They should make a movie out of it.
,Recommended,319630,18041349,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Glenda,"What I liked:- Interesting story plot.- The art style of the game is really beautiful.- Beautiful atmosphere, really relaxing and enjoyable to play.- I like the character development throughout the game.- The fonts, menu screen, UI are all beautifully done and very straightforward.- Game mechanics are fairly simple: Rewinding time, interacting with objects/peopleWhat could be improved:- There are some bugs in the game (Couldn't focus on the object itself and tried to perform actions)- The tutorial was a bit messy for first time players since we tend to rush into the game.- It would've been cool if there are more options available for the players to interact with rather than just looking at them. (Minor idea)- Have more mini puzzle games .- Have people interacting WITH Max instead of her having to approach people most of the time.Overall, it is a really fun, new game to me. It inspired me a lot and it is really relatable to high school life. The artstyle/fonts used are consistent, the menu screen is beautiful where there is the animations playing in the background with the different weathers/day/night settings."
,Recommended,319630,18043177,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dovah Kriid,"+ A great stroy with characters that you care about and some you want to punch in the face e.gMr Jefferson+ The freindship between Chloe and Max is great and relatable+ A beautiful soundtrack which kickstars the emotions+ Beautiful setting and environment+ A WTAF from me at the end of every episode, mostly Ep 4- Lip syncing isnt great"
,Recommended,319630,17264566,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Marshal,I like this game because I'm Batman
,Recommended,319630,17268964,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ThatFuzzyPanda,i played the 1st 2nd and  3rd ep they where all really good and sad so. I watied for the nest ep to come out and when it did the game wont start and keeps crashing.Therefore if you are going to buy this game. I hope it works for you.
,Recommended,319630,17269085,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Meli ♥,"This game is such an amazing game. The story is absolutely breath taking, and the art is quite lovely too. There is so much content to this game, I definitely recommend it ♥"
,Recommended,319630,17303482,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,LOLI THOT,"The game where the choices matter, and every single one is a wrong one"
76561197990998022,Recommended,319630,17328577,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mr. Nice Guy,Totes amaze. Very surprise. Such unexpect.Wow.
76561197996555795,Recommended,319630,17323265,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,bootsmann,"simply awesome, no more words needed to describe life is strange"
,Recommended,319630,17308625,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ĝ҉Ǻ ҉YcẾ҉E  ҉_CowboY,This destroys any of the telltale games
76561198051366977,Recommended,319630,17385756,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,KnightSirWolf,If the ending is anti-climatic... Someone's gonna die.10/10Edit: It was not. And I totally didn't cry...... much.. (I cried like little girl.. So powerful.. and emotional..)Still a 10/10 :)
,Recommended,319630,17414147,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,No one,This is one of the best games of all time. 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,319630,17407103,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Gandhi [509th PIR],10/10: Best (X) to kiss Chloe Simulator I have ever bought.
76561198155453039,Recommended,319630,17391875,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lurcher,You could spend £15.99 on hard drugs and not get nearly as emotionally crippled as you can playing this.10/10
76561198054169468,Recommended,319630,17280173,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,rullez-z-Z,"Life is more than just strange, don't you agree?"
,Recommended,319630,17295593,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,☂☂Xc1d30us☂☂,This game is like so freaking legit. PLEASE I URGE YOU: DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!! It is an amazing story/plot line that can go different ways and all of the ways are different stories that are Outstanding
76561198025048028,Recommended,319630,17296242,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sefthuko,"10/10 Mr. Jefferson is the true Everyday Hero, would rewind time to play it all again"
,Recommended,319630,17272965,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DennisRodz,"Life is Strange is, one of the most interestings games i have ever played! The episode 4 has so much drama!!! i am shocked!"
,Recommended,319630,17273953,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DefiantShadw,"This game is just wow... Speechless haha XD. Every single episode it gets better and better, with the writing, music and character development and everything. Yes it has extreme feels 😖 but it is just so amazing. 12/10 recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,17274258,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,I Am Groot,"11/10 One of the greatest games ever made! :DYou know sh#t gets real when ""This action will have consequenses"" xDSPOILER!:I killed a plant by not taking the consequenses seriously enough. D;	RIP plant </3"
76561198051792684,Recommended,319630,17281418,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mipa,10/10 NEED MORE OF THESE GAMES
,Recommended,319630,32120916,Posted: 1 June,all,tunavish,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played. I've yet to find something that gives me feels quite like Life Is Strange while not being too short of a game. I was also way too excited after hearing Bright Eyes and Alt-J during my first play through (and many more after that).Life Is Strange will always hold a special place in my heart <3
,Recommended,319630,32188802,Posted: 4 June,all,XxlilylolzxX,This is so beautiful. its worth playing. i can play this over and over again
,Recommended,319630,17098157,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,VeGaZz,"At the beginning i was rly critical about this game but when i started with it i knew there are some rly good developer coding this game and not making a ""run of the mine"" story like most studios do these days. Especially after i played bioshock infinite i thought no game could have a more intense story but well than Life is strange came. If you hold hold something of a good story you need to buy this game its just the best game i have ever played from all my 150 games. And the choices do matter unlike in the walking dead ;)Il rate this 9.5/10 because the last parts are not out yet. But if they are as good as the last this game will get 10 points.Edit: Just played episode 5 and its a really good ending ... perfect game 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,31603064,Posted: 7 May,all,1-800-273-8255 (in Italia),We should just make decisions and never rewind.100/10.
,Recommended,319630,17896060,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,merlin-,This game is penetrated me deeply. This is one of the most toucing and beautiful games I've ever seen in my life. And I really want to see the new season.10 tears/10
,Recommended,319630,29439100,Posted: 23 January,all,Deno,"Episode 1: Alright, this looks like a pretty nice game.Episode 2: Well, this is getting interesting.Episode 3: Mindf**k.Episode 4: Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.Episode 5: Lie down / Try not to cry / Cry a lot ~ manly tears."
,Recommended,319630,17962854,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Void,Time.
,Recommended,319630,19751590,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Manglaren,"Even though the ending is very disappointing, the journey there is well worth it."
,Recommended,319630,26958705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RabbitGod,"Not so often does a game give you a roller coaster of emotions and feelings that keeps with you after you finish it. I was blown away by everything.Most of time I play games like CS:GO or other action games, and I guess I never have cried because of a movie, but this game held me awake because after every episode I seriously didn’t know how to control my feelings, sometimes I was very close to tears and other times have had to take a break to actually fully cry and think.I always thought how will the story continue? What´s next? The story was awesome, and thank god it wasn’t prescient and it’s over now. I’m still hoping for a Life is Strange 2, because I want to play this kind of art again and again. I never could imagine that a piece of software could touch me like this.So do I recommend this life changing experience? Of course I do. This game will forever be in my memories, even thinking back to it brings strong emotions. What a beautiful game.This game is worth every cent, and I cannot recomend it enough! 10/10<3"
76561198044357502,Recommended,319630,14454164,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,sassmaster,Game of the year for me.
,Recommended,319630,18578871,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pharaoh Atem,"This game is a must have. I just finished the final episode and I can't even remember what my favourite game used to be.Of my 1000+ games, this is my number one."
,Recommended,319630,18578972,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,PL,Wow.. That was one wild adventure..10/10 Character Design8.5/10 Gameplay (Confusing at times)10/10 Soundtrack9.5/10 Story9/10 Visual DesignOverall Rating9.4/10 Must have!
,Recommended,319630,18579015,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WhitePhantom,"Game Rate: 10/10 (Beyond Excellent)Life Is Strange (Ep 1- 5)Summary & ReviewPlayed as Maxine Claufield, who is a photography student who discovered that she is able to manipulate or reverse time regardless the situation.She is able to reverse the time by using a photograph & also “teleport”.Each decision made will alter the past, present & future. She had repeated vision that  her town Arcadia Bay will be wiped out by a tornado in the future.Maxine or Max saved her only best friend Chloe from countless death in all alternate realities.Unlike any American school drama, Max lecturer, Prof. Jefferson, who is a psychopath takes photos of his victims tied & drugged then killed them afflicted with another high prestige student named Nathan involve in this crime.Nathan ended up kill by Prof. Jefferson.And finally the psychopath lecturer had been apprehended by the police.By using too much of her ability to save Chloe had caused the environment to be altered too hence ended up a catastrophic event for Arcadia Bay.Max tried to save the one she love but every action have a reaction aka The Chaos Theory.Max regretted not spending time with Warren, who had a crush on her before travelling back time to prevent the end of Arcadia Bay.And thinking that’s the ending but nope. Max was stuck in a time dimension what all realities appeared in front of her blaming for everything.In the end, you were given the choice to save Arcadia Bay by sacrificing Chloe (means you didn’t save her in the early stage) or sacrifice Arcadia Bay but keep Chloe alive.It’s your choice whether you think it’s right or wrong.Pros: Awesome soundtracks, alternate endings etc.Cons:  Lip Synch & audio is not synchronized"
,Recommended,319630,18579389,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Orkin Nitrox,A game about hipsters ♥♥♥♥ing things up.Very lovely story.All he wanted to do was eat those beans...
,Recommended,319630,18580900,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nimo,After finally playing all 5 episodes I can finally give a professional revie-dawdijawodjda NO I CAN'T THIS GAME RUINED MEWhy would you do this to me DONTNOD :c
76561198248420276,Recommended,319630,18581843,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Randomguy8524,"The girly high school setting is not really so appealing.  But the gameplay style is enough for me to have purchased all 5 chapters. Anything involving the storm or manipulating time is like ""hell yea batman!"" and anything not about the nightmare storm or time bending is like ""hey batman? What about going back in time and giant super nado's and stuff?"""
76561198041766760,Recommended,319630,18582259,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Coldest Elm,"I beat the game, my life feels meaningless now."
,Recommended,319630,18631885,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Toy Gangster,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dont know where to begin. And yeah I guess Imma look like a ♥♥♥♥♥ here. but Ill be damned yo. To me a game is a game, I bougt Life is Strange expecting a decent story, this is a twsted, perfect, unfair ♥♥♥♥ing game. This game, if you take it seriously will shift your emotional state. Mad props to Life is Strange team. Youve made something beautiful."
76561198118219860,Recommended,319630,18632558,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Lil Firetruck,"After watching 5 minutes of this game being played online and ejaculating with excitement, I knew I had to get it, it is by far one of the best games I have ever played! I loved every bit of the gameplay! A game this good for it's price IS DEFINITELY WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,319630,18635579,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Faribo,"This game was amazing, the ending was pretty incredible.  I would highly recomend."
,Recommended,319630,18377536,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I did a 14 hour marathon on this game, and it was worth it."
,Recommended,319630,18870248,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Karouka,">Hypes up LIS>Finally buys LIS>Cries at opening theme before the main menu>Cries throughout all the parts he's already seen>Cries when he gets the good result at Episode 2's end>Cries through everything>Cries when it's over>Cries about everything that happened on Twitter>Almost cries while writing this review>CriesSeriously though, this is one of the best story based games ever. Ending was a bit bleh, but otherwise go buy it, right now. Come back when you're ready to cry with me. My arms will be waiting."
76561198080331819,Recommended,319630,18854146,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Biff,This is one of the best story games I have ever played.  Do your self a favor and get this game.
76561198002731852,Recommended,319630,18901216,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,1Retalha,Epic Game +100000
,Recommended,319630,18881722,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Unlucky,"If i had rewind powers, i would rewind and play it all over again :D"
,Recommended,319630,18916817,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,✌ orgrinRT,"Probably one of the best games ever made.I myself enjoy story-driven, almost movie-like games with some puzzles and meaningful choices dropped around. I have fallen in love with TTG's games (obviously), but I gotta say: Life is strange is even better than any of the TTG games, in almost every regard.I don't think I need to say anything more. If you love this kind of games, you will fall crazy in love with Life is strange.P.S The occasional music (and the whole audio design in general) is so great. Everything here is great. It's almost crazy how great."
76561198125383258,Recommended,319630,18923864,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,daniel.v.baxter,"Filled with detail, lots to see and do.The last two episodes give some challenging decisions to make.Some of the voice acting can be a bit grating, but is overall good.Conclusion: I normally only get feelz like this from novels."
,Recommended,319630,28957675,Posted: 2 January,all,Tesnaukki,"11/10, I'm speechless."
76561198027785541,Recommended,319630,19385578,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pP™| Lizardguard,10/10.Gonna replay it... when i think i can take all of it again.
,Recommended,319630,18590280,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CaliSurferBro,I've never had a game actually make me cry before.  10/10 would bawl like a little baby again.
,Recommended,319630,21715420,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,kbz,is gud
,Recommended,319630,15165193,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Luna Sea,"I am a die hard Nancy Drew fan , and Horror game fan, This game is very much like nancy drew but more interactive, I really love the way this game is, it feels like your in a movie and you are the main character, if any game could captivate you into wanting more, it would be this game. <3"
76561198072977356,Recommended,319630,15308199,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Xplozion99,Amazing game with an interesting story and beautiful environment.The lip syncing is the only noticeable fault that i have seen.9.8/10
,Recommended,319630,14250754,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rascilon,"Life is Strange is an absolutely stunning adventure game that combines a clever concept with superb voice acting and characterization to create a very believable yet surreal game world.  As if that weren't enough, the game features plenty of interaction points with memorable fully voiced descriptions that give the game it's own unique authentic voice.  The game also includes full controller support with easy to understand contextual prompts in game as well as full support for widescreen resolutions and steam achievements.  Add to that steam trading cards and you would be hard pressed to find a better value for your $4.99.  If you are a fan of adventure games that are strongly narrative in focus, like The Walking Dead by Telltale Games, you need to own Life is Strange.  This may be one of the most memorable games of 2015."
,Recommended,319630,14997313,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DouxJésus,"Should have wait until the other episode come out , cant wait ."
76561198078711322,Recommended,319630,15032482,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MarchMagnolia,"After storming through this game's second episode, I can finally answer the question:Do your choices and actions really matter?My answer is yes. I really felt this at the end of the second episode. All these good, honorable things that I'd made Max do really paid off. I wanted to cry with relief, and it made me realise just how horribly I could have screwed up if I'd chosen otherwise.It makes me think how my choices will affect the other episodes, and that makes me very nervous. Which is exactly what you want in a game like this.If you don't get this game for the above, please get it for the stunning graphics, the amazing characterisation and lovely atmosphere. Also Warren is cute and he should be reason alone to buy this game.9/10 purely because I struggled to find one of the bottles in episode 2 and it ticked me off. Everything else is swell."
,Recommended,319630,15080121,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,_Goliath,Most beautiful game i ever played...  ( 9 out of 10 must play )
,Recommended,319630,15082619,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,"The only con about this game is the time between Episode releases!A simply amazing story, visuals, and definitely worth $20 for all Episodes."
76561198004454501,Recommended,319630,14293958,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GojiraLink,"I was actually blown away by the sheer quality and depth of this first Episode.I was not ready for it, and can't wait for more. March can't come soon enough :)"
76561198122453397,Recommended,319630,14827335,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,PCDarkrai,"Life is Strange is truly a unique experience. An intresting storyline, good gameplay, and episodes to keep you wanting more, it makes a truly wonderful combonation"
76561198158730956,Recommended,319630,14302928,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ed,"This was a amazing experience! I've played through the game twice because i felt so interested i wanted to learn as much about the characters as i can. i already got my own conspirecy about where rachel disepeared to. If you Love a great story get this game. If you love point and click adventures get this game. If you're a fan of the amazing work from TellTale Games, BUY THIS GAME! DONTNOD Entertainment have out done themselves, is the competition of TellTale Games."
,Recommended,319630,14959465,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gourmet Salad l tipofthehats.org,10/10would bang
,Recommended,319630,15174944,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Necr0nix,"Written after pulling an allnighter rewinding back andforth and exploring every nook and cranny of the game so far.-----------------------------------------------------------------This is one of those games you gotta write a review for.Everything - starting from the highschool topicto art style and story - tickles the brain and gives yougoosebumps.Well, at first I was seeing it as ""another TellTaleGames-like piece"".But oh my that was wrong.This is the first game ever in my almost 16 years history of gaming experienceI spent an hour in just admiring the scenery, the vibes and sitting near a tree stumpon an old abandoned junkyard with my newfound/old bestie.This game is a must. Buy it (hella cheap for the experience you'll have btw).Play it. Feel it. Rewind the playthrough and play it again.Wish I could erase the memory of playing it... to do it again.And yes, I am cereal."
76561198039831042,Recommended,319630,15194522,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,xemorc,"The game looks emoish most of the time, yet there is something very disturbing and full of apprehension which makes you move further and fails to dissapoint in the end ;)"
76561198047232617,Recommended,319630,15104804,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Disruptive Pilot,NO REVIEW (^_^)
,Recommended,319630,15110230,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MissPlaying,"As soon as I bought this game, I knew I'd love it.The rich storyline and amazing choices has left me utterly baffled about life. It has amazing things to explore, and Episode 2 just left me shellshocked. Being able to see statistics at the end is a wonderful choice, and along the way, to find out what could've happened is really quite amazing. The ability to turn back time is incredible, and experiencing every choice is what makes this game so worth while.This could be more expensive, and I would still buy it. The price is worth it. If you are 16+ then buy this game. It will change your life for good, I know it will. It's the type of game that really puts reality into perspective, as everything you experience could happen, only without the ability to turn back time and try again."
,Recommended,319630,15132164,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,It makes me feel like a little girl again.  (I should mention that I am a grown man)10/10
,Recommended,319630,27203037,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DiTTo,Beautiful game. Great story! Loved every minute of it!
,Recommended,319630,27218807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashiyu,THE “TEST OF TIME” AWARD.
76561198052554580,Recommended,319630,31191785,Posted: 16 April,all,daschus,"This is an odd review, because while I recommend the game, I disliked it.  A lot.Recommendation reasons: It's exceptionally well done, and very realistic.  It's an accurate description of rich private school life, bullying, death, and choice.Why I disliked it.:  This is a game about teenagers written for teenagers to play.  I am playing as an adult, well past minority, and found there to be a lack of choices in certain spots that an adult would pick.  If I wasn't a completionist, I would have stopped playing mid-way through episode four, when I wasn't given a choice to contact the authorities like anyone but a teenager would have done.  I also wasn't given a choice toward the end of episode three, either, with changing the past.I'm also not too keen on a lot of the minor choices being 'hidden' either, i.e.if you don't stop and examine every single thing - even when people are in the room and you're going through their drawers! - and walk around every single area, you will miss something you get to make a choice on.There is also the photographs you take throughout the episodes.  Some are trick photos, which is an annoyance.  Mostly, though, it feels completely out of place once you hit episode four to be stopping and taking snapshots of birds and graffiti and signs when you're in a tense, dangerous situation.  It pulls you out of the story.Finally, the main character has to be the only teenage girl in the first world who doesn't film or take cell phone pictures of anything, or even take 'retro' polaroid shots of important things like, say, criminal evidence!So while I'd recommend this game for its accurate depiction of teenage life, and it's extremely well done, I mainly dislike it because I am an adult who knows how to call the authorities.  I write this review for other adults to know what they may expect from the game and perhaps remind people of needing to be in ""teenage"" frame of mind when playing."
76561198066136643,Recommended,319630,28959491,Posted: 2 January,all,.Kira,Amazing Game.- Rewind Time- ♥♥♥♥ up even more- Realise that everything is an epic downward♥♥♥♥♥♥spiral and you have no control whatsoever- Cry at the Ending like the little ♥♥♥♥♥ you are10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,28830291,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kazairl,Ever played an RPG and regretted a dialog choice?  Good news you no longer have to load a save game.  You can just alter time.This is one of the best games I have played in years.
76561198088693419,Recommended,319630,27335771,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,alucard521,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,319630,27367235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragonera,Good storyline. Makes you do tough decisions throughout the series as things are pushe onto you. Makes you wonder and realise that life is indeed strange when you recieve the power to rewind time. And feel even more helpless when the powers are not available to you when you need it most (saving Kate's life)
,Recommended,319630,28507082,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,OldGold,"Great story, once you start playing you will get hooked and won't get off the game so easy. You will always want for little more to see what come next. Every episode finish with a cliffhanger. You will need around 13-15 hours to complete game.Gameplay reminds me to chose you adventure books. Every other dialog gives you choice and every choice will have consequences on how you will react with the world and other characters till end of game.I didn't like only one thing. Mass Effect ending. All your choices doesn't matter you get to chose what ending you want. But your story towards ending will always be different.Life is Strange have big replay value, if you wish to see all things game has to offer. There is 20 story driven choices and I believe over 100 characters choices."
,Recommended,319630,26685610,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Pompe,A must play for story(SP) lovers!
,Recommended,319630,19548313,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,echoAwoo,I cried. Not far into it. I cried hard.
,Recommended,319630,20133101,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jrewt,Player: Hey that looks like a good choice.*3 sentences of dialouge later*OH ♥♥♥♥ OH ♥♥♥♥ NO I ♥♥♥♥ED UP*rewinds*Alright the other way is probably better.*3 sentences of dialouge later*♥♥♥♥ I WAS WRONG.Oh My God. I am emotionally touched by this game. Seriously 10/10 A ♥♥♥♥ING EXPERIENCE.
76561197991759852,Recommended,319630,20164088,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Robotdjman,"Completing each episode was just like completing bioshock infinite, after every episode you just sit at the menu screen trying to comprehend what just happend. Great game, but the story is drivin so well it makes you cry and laugh as if this story was yours."
,Recommended,319630,20126651,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Elyswer,"I just wish that I could play this game again.Its unforgettable, and this game can wrack your mind and body through the sheer emotional intensity it goes through.Beautiful, hand-painted graphics.Fantastic storytelling and pacing, everything is great. Really don't have much else to say here other than buy the game NOW. Really, JUST DO IT! You will not regret it."
,Recommended,319630,20063980,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jerrposition,"Life IS StrangeI have to say..... OH MAH LAAAWD!This game is brilliant, I am super ill right now, feeling like a zombie who has a crack addiction but I am still playing it!So... What do I think of this awesome game?Honestly this IS the best title I have played in 2015 by far, the story is gripping and super interesting!No other game this year has had such an interesting story as this what so ever!There is only one problem which does annoy me and that is the lack of 21:9 support which, sure... It doesn't really matter and I can still play it with ease but the black bars are very annoying!I rate this game 9981231.8 out of 9981231.9as there is always room for a small amount of improvement which this game doesn't even really need to be absolutely honest with you!P.S. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS MASTERPIECE!"
,Recommended,319630,20149398,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,E10 is me,"It is such a good game, can't go wrong with this one. Love it to bits. Wish I could reverse time and play it again for first time again and I would rewind time to fall in love with Max all over again."
,Recommended,319630,20123374,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gtagentleman,"Just... buy it, it comes with free tears."
76561198065847239,Recommended,319630,20278549,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GreyFox,"Dear god... this is my surprise of the gaming year 2015. Just got all 5 episodes in winter sale and if I could rewind time I'd totally got the game earlier...Absolutely loved the game, telltale-esque sotry-driven game with a ....OMFG I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! JUST BUY IT!!!!...1st episode serves as a build-up for the story, from that every episode increases the tension and gets you more and more involved....until the end.... and then you'll cry.... because it ended =/"
,Recommended,319630,20266447,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,G Bros,The best game story ever created !! 10/10 - IGN: would rewind again
,Recommended,319630,20195687,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Keldohead,I played all the episodes in one sitting.  I really cannot wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,319630,20201007,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KingNigelOfTheKookaburraCreek,Pros:mountain dewdoritosCons:no fish AI
76561197996692952,Recommended,319630,20201017,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Brianhead27,"I'm not crying, you're crying.Seriously, though- what a great experience this game was."
,Recommended,319630,14432266,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,KuroiNoKaze,"I totally recommend this game for anyone that likes games like this one.Leave the bugs and fixes and stuff out of it,I would completely buy this one again.I recommend anyone who doesn't play decisional games to begin with this one! :D(SPOILER ALERT)After all,you get to choose if u wanna bring the fight to the b****-a** of the class...Plus you can water your plant and it has a consequence!!"
76561198039282371,Recommended,319630,15659218,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sxegramps,"Just started playing it, I can already tell this is not your normal episodic story. Great game play thus far. After finishing the game it was very enjoyable and I am excited to continue it in the future."
,Recommended,319630,14285594,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,uZ' Sped_Flyer1,"This game for me as a fan of games that are consiquence-tracking games (s.a. Beyond: Two Souls and Heavy Rain), had me hooked from the start.The Soundtrack in this game is beutifully chosen it fits perfectly to all the sequences they are played at.During the game you liturally notice yourself becoming part of the Protagonist Max Caulfield.The Graphics of this game are in my Opinion an outstanding work of Art it makes you liturally stand still ingame and you just want to look at it with an open mouth gasping how beutiful it is!The Voice acting fits perfectly to whats happening in the game eventhough you sometimes notice that the lipsyncing didnt work out to 100%.I'd give this game 98 out of 100% a must have game!This game has my Full Recomendation, of all the games in my Library this game is in my Top 2."
,Recommended,319630,14310731,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Adoration,"There seems to be a problem with some objects in the game. It becomes pixelated in a rainbow color. It does get quite annoying, would there be a fix on it?THE GAME IS GREAT THOUGH!! LOVING IT!!"
76561198079355902,Recommended,319630,14334329,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,I Am Sir Lee,The atmosphere of the game makes me feel warm inside. Love the game
76561198081444982,Recommended,319630,14349586,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Steezy Piitz,9/10 needs more lesbians
,Recommended,319630,14402539,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,sasha,So ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful atmosphere probably one of the best games i have ever played 10/10
,Recommended,319630,14336340,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mantou boy,"Best Illuminati propaganda 2015Theres triangles everywhere,even in the toilet and in your best friend's car10/10 would be brainwashed again"
76561198040794037,Recommended,319630,15502097,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,GamingFezy98CSGO500,"life is strange team has pull out the best thing to come out this year, to put someone like max and put her in a school have that stroy and made it all work is awesome! stroy's great and the side stuff if better! theres more in maxs life then it being strange. there is at times, things that max says that people in that would wouldn't say but put that a-side its a gg. 10/10. GO BIGFOOTS!"
76561198115972043,Recommended,319630,14317350,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,|WZ| ALT_Spitfire,AMAZING GAME 10/10
76561198103974132,Recommended,319630,15052563,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ZigZag,awesome game! awesome story!
,Recommended,319630,14497744,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hundor,Jæla nais
,Recommended,319630,15077160,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Patheticz,This game makes me wanna buy real Polaroid cameraSuch a good gameMax is cute and pretty10/10
,Recommended,319630,15084883,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sparf,Puts things into perspective
,Recommended,319630,14691348,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dew,Wow... This game is just AMAZING . The Story the graphics .... PerfectCANT WAIT FOR EPISODE 2ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED
,Recommended,319630,15176625,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,R3DST0RM <3,"To be honest, I did not know much about this game, many friends and people via twitch talked about this game.For me it was a no-name game and a useless game for you to fling away money.BUT! As soon as I played 20 minutes, I fell in love with this piece of master art.The atmosphere, the hand drawn graphics, the music which tells you how your character feels like. The plot/the shadow about the persons you meet. It's the game I always wished for.I currently played (as I write this review) Episode 1 & 2. And I cannot get enough.If you are into games who care about the characters and story telling. You SHOULD try this game. Even if you just buy Episode 1. JUST GIVE IT A TRY :)EDIT:I just finished episode 4 and please I cannot wait until ep. 5 is finally out. There are so many questions I have about the story - just argh AWESOME!10/10 - Good job guys!"
76561198034160445,Recommended,319630,15195919,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sin.pancake,"This game was laced with heroin or something, right? Oh god, I finished it all in two days and now I want more, but the next episode won't be released for another month. So if you are highly susceptible to addiction, I wouldn't recomend this game. By the way, how in the name of Shakespear's foreskin did they give me a feeling of nostalgia towards experiences that are in a video game? When Max thinks about a memory of when her and Chloe spilled wine on the carpet, I'm just sitting there like an idiot thinking, ""oh wow, I remember that. We were so young. Oh how the years have past.""This game is also why my musical tastes have gotten so hipstery. I've never liked indie rock in my life; in fact I used to hate it, but now I can't stop listening to it while I sit there and think about absolutely nothing.But as an honest review, I really hope this inspires more developers to spend a little bit more time in thier stories. Every other video game these days is just an action movie, except only a tiny bit more computer animated. They hand-painted the textures in this game and used accoustic instruments in the soundtrack. Life is Strange is pretty much an analog video game."
,Recommended,319630,15197204,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SaulGoode91,"As someone who hasn't enjoyed a single episodic game this has been a joy to play. Great story so far, like the characters, just a fun expierence. My only real complaint is the horrendous lip sync. Its the only drawback for an othwise very solid game so far."
,Recommended,319630,15030422,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Hyp3rParadise,LOVING IT :D
,Recommended,319630,15323991,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mechromancer,Teenage Girl Simulator 201510/10EDIT POST EPISODE 5:Lesbian Tornado Simulator 201511/10
,Recommended,319630,15265357,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,@W€$0M3_B4NG!,"This is the best story-based game in a while. If you like indie movies, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,319630,15115276,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,VITTU EI OSU,"Well, yes the game is quite good and I recommend you to buy it. I've only played the episode 1 and I liked it a lot.PROS:+The story seems to be very exciting, I think it will be epic at the end+It has a good, chill feeling. You can just play and you don't have to worry too much. Relaxing.+The idea is very cool. You can go a little bit back in time, but you still can't change the major things you've done.CONS:-Didn't spot my decisions changing the game very much, but I think that you can spot them in later episodes.-The first episode was quite quickly played. Yeah, the biggest problem is that it's already played, and since the game tells at the end of the episode all the possible things you could have done, it's not very interesting to play it again. I hope that the other episodes of the game take longer than 2 hours of play time. So good game that you don't just simply want it to end."
76561197973440472,Recommended,319630,15130559,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Affenmann,Bought epsode 1Played episode 1Bought season passPlayed episode 2Can't wait for Episode 3
,Recommended,319630,15302937,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Michelin Prata Chef,Best Stealth game.11/10
,Recommended,319630,14281873,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,What's up guys it's Vince,If you are even remotely interested in this game I recommend you pick it up. It is a unique experience with a great price tag you'd be a fool not to give it a chance but in case you're still apprehensive here is some gameplay by the best YouTuber who ever livedhttp://youtu.be/GIVQirLh1i8
76561198009077031,Recommended,319630,14305414,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Maniac,I had a lot of fun playing the first episode and can't wait for the second one.
76561198134589589,Recommended,319630,30454357,Posted: 11 March,all,Mr. SeemsGood,>havent been playing for a while>remembering some episode and wanting to return to it>launching the game and watching this episode>♥♥♥♥ing crying like a baby10/10
,Recommended,319630,30451190,Posted: 11 March,all,Chav Hunter,"Definitely makes its way into one of my favourite games ever. Gripping, honest-to-life characters and a great plot."
76561198101235442,Recommended,319630,27669948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,★Dabstar★,I coudnt reccommend a game more then i could this one the game is beyond great its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.... what r u waiting for get it!!!
76561198062393252,Recommended,319630,30449967,Posted: 11 March,all,shadow_ghost,Game had a great story line
,Recommended,319630,30452087,Posted: 11 March,all,Cake,"One of the best games I've played if not the best, great story, graphics. If I could erase my memory to play it again, I would, many times."
,Recommended,319630,30452110,Posted: 11 March,all,harris.1504,An emotional playable movie. Bought it on a whim and it was worth every penny.
76561198043531936,Recommended,319630,30452771,Posted: 11 March,all,h4ck3rz1n3,Life is Strange definetely blow up my mind!An incredible story that pushes you through hard choices.The game mechanics are quite simple but well integrated in the game.In some occasion they offer some nice puzzle. I defenitely recommend this game because of the story!
,Recommended,319630,14248177,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,soko,"I finished this game yesterday and It seriously is the best game ever.I have never pre-ordered a game, but this game has everything I have ever wanted(If Max and Chloe get together I will cry)I don't ever write reviews nor do I buy the game itself. I just watch gameplays of itBeyond 2 Souls is my #1 top game of all time.But...Life is strange is now my #1 favorite game I mean I bought the complete Season and I wrote my first review on this game It really is amazing..Here are some PROS and CONSPROSRich StorylineAwesome CharactersBeautiful GraphicsCONS(I understand it just came out so I won't budge on it so much)Some audio glitches (I am sure that was just my computer though)When you turn the graphics low all the textures become rainbowy including some of the lights (Then again that was probably my computer)Their are really not that much cons.So yeah that's what I think about this game, It is perfect and if #Pricefield ever gets together I will cry in joy11/10"
,Recommended,319630,15570298,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cho Chang,"This game is so amazing, I really didn't know what to expect when going into it, but it delivered, and I was hooked!! I played all of Episode 1 in one night and couldn't put it down! I'm excited to play the rest of the game. <3"
,Recommended,319630,15889251,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,NastyShoT,This game is worth every penny.
,Recommended,319630,28693578,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blaise S. 2B-85,"At the time I wrote this review, I had only ever written one review, and I own over 100 gamesAt the time I wrote this review, I had never cried over a videogame before that dayAt the time I wrote this review, I had never played a storybased decision making game such as Life Is StrangeAt the time I wrote this review, I was listening to the music of the closing sceneAt the time I wrote this review, I was cryingAt the time I wrote this review, I had realized that the SOUNDTRACK was bringing me to tearsAt the time I wrote this review, I had realized the storyline of LiS was eye-openingAt the time I wrote thie review, I realized I had never shipped a videogame relationship as hard as I did in LiSAt the time I wrote this review, I had spent most of my time playing FPS shooters or 4x strategy gamesAt the time I wrote this review, I had been called ""gayyyyyyyyyy"" by my friendsAt the time I wrote this review, I had been ridiculed by my friends for playing this game for 10 straight hours on ChristmasAt the time I wrote this review, I had never felt so good about being made fun of by my friendsAt the time I wrote this review, I ignored the steam messages I was recieving for being in the gameAt the time I wrote this review, I realized this game was the greatest 16 hours of my lifeAt the time I wrote this review, I was plotting how long I would wait to go through the whole thing againAt the time I wrote this review, I questioned if I could make different decisions if I played againAt the time I wrote this review, I was contemplating the backstory and future of every charactersAt the time I wrote this review, I wished every single person in the whole world had played this game, just so they could expierence the hella good graphics and hella good soundtrack and hella good characters with their hella good development and the hella good storyline they took part in, a story line that was hella influnced by your decisions in a way that was hella cool to watch. And yeah, really I want more people to play this game because I want to talk about this game for the rest of eternity and have debates over the ending and the choices you make at every turn,because this game, this STORY, will attach you to the characters and make you wish you were there. This story will NOT be a waste of your money. This is a game you will never, ever, ever, forget. These are characters that grab and twist your emotions, not you controlling their feelings. This game, this epic, eye-opening, unforgettable, hella amazing story is a expirence I would recommend to everyone."
76561198182831137,Recommended,319630,16325156,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FlyingHell,I hope this game can eventually come to mac... But other than that great game though you can see the lip syncing is a bit off it does not really take away from this awesome game.Though Warren may be more than we think he is
76561198114757487,Recommended,319630,26933598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WinterbornTM,"A truly beautiful game with simple gameplay mechanics but a wonderful story, filled with amazing character development. This one truly is a must-play!"
,Recommended,319630,31188502,Posted: 16 April,all,Blue Eyes White Dragon?,"I literally cried.I have a serious love-hate for this game; the decisions it forced upon the player were ridiculously hard, yet SO fulfilling (for me, at least.)Truly, utter immersion is hard to come by, but this game captures it perfectly; it has an amazing soundtrack, low bug capacity, decent graphics, insane plot... I love it all. Somehow they manage to mix gut-wrenching nostalgia with edge-of-the-seat action and have it work well. I'll be damned if this isn't the most influential game I'll play for a loong while.Essentially, the emotional trauma I now have due to this game is enough to make me say:Buy this game.Play it.Feel ravaged after the ending.(and play it again.)"
,Recommended,319630,28642002,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Munhoz,"Great game with a really unique gameplay. If you like a good story and a good mistery, play it now!"
,Recommended,319630,26695937,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,{FOXIC} TheGameHunterz,"pff.... what do I have to say?It's such a beautiful game which let you think about life.Didn't thought a game like this would affect me so much.Both men and women are affected by this game.Best game so far for me, never seen anything like this before!"
,Recommended,319630,26972789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WELCOME TO THE HIMALAYAS,"This is the most sterotypcial hipster game on Steam, and I absolutely love it."
76561198142864213,Recommended,319630,16160896,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[2FA] Mikee,"This is a truely unique game. You don't see that often anymore. It's one of those games where you don't think it will be very good, but when you play it you can't get enough. It's incredibly simple and a ton of fun. It's only $5 for the first episode, but I'd recommend paying for all 5. I can 100% say that Life Is Strange™ is definitely worth the money. Don't miss out of this game! Buy it now!"
76561198098480162,Recommended,319630,24352943,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AntonioFioria,"It's not a game, it's an experience."
76561198038467844,Recommended,319630,15193543,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Chloe Price,"As it stands, things can change considering we only have THREE episodes, Life is Strange is the best game in the Telltale genre for many reasons. This game feels real, it is rare that we have games that explore touchy subjects suicide,depression and just overall angst. This game does it head on by placing you in the shoes of Max, a quirky eighteen year old girl that has returned to her home town of Arcadia Bay. While in the midst of nostalgia and everyday school life Max discovers something biger is at play. Something supernatural.PROS*Creative time manipulation mechanics.*Beautiful art deco style.*Great voice work.*Good character design (high school tropes are portrayed quite nicely)*Uncharted themes rarely explored in games are refreshing.POST EPISODE 3*Erie Settings*Photograph theme is explored more.*Better use of time mechanic*Powerful EndingCONS*♥♥♥♥ing bottles*^*While voice work is solid, word choice at times is over the top.POST EPISODE 3*Wish episode 4 would come faster!"
76561198209201148,Recommended,319630,14449244,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,InfectiousDisease,"I really loved this game so far, good graphic and a rreally great story so far but i am a bit annoyed that i have to wait until march (i'm very impatient). i cant wait to play chapter 2"
,Recommended,319630,27071245,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Liquid*Lee,a good story worth to read!
76561198067191987,Recommended,319630,17766314,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Creeperking31,If you dont play this your missing out on an amazing Story. it really gets you thinkingOf course if your not a fan of diologue heavy story games this isnt for youbecouse talking is a part of this gamei wont say too mutch more becouse you really have to play this to fall in love with itDont let a review influence you
,Recommended,319630,18064931,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Detest,Game of the Year
,Recommended,319630,15108247,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Helmut,"This is a game that can't be beaten so easily in terms of storytelling...A protagonist tht you can easily understand, choices based on marale, consequences after you made your choices, everything makes you love this game. A true masterpiece"
,Recommended,319630,19521533,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Fluffybro Jr. ❤,"PROS-Gets better and better after every episode.-There's a lot of choices to make that change the story (not an illusion of choice).-Emotional and messed up story. Very roller coaster-like.-Pretty good cliffhanger endings.-Loading is fast.-Nice art style and cinematography.-Two main endings.CONS-Part of the ending was exactly like BioShock Infinite's ending (opening doors). It starts to not make any sense at all and it seems like it goes on for too long.-A big chuck of the ending (the nightmare scenes) wasn't necessary for the story. It was probably was added to extend the last episode, but it did have me guessing.-The same places, characters and objects were reused a lot. The fifth episode reused almost everything, even scenes.-One of the endings didn't explain much.-A lot of moments where you ask yourself, ""Why didn't she just ________?""Overall, I recommend it. Buy the full game because the first one alone is just the beginning. It's pretty good for the price."
76561198071390745,Recommended,319630,15606601,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kat,"Life is Strange is a bright spot among darker fare like the Telltales games. Honestly, out of 10 adventure games more than half are usually horror, gore or feature a disturbing theme. For me, reading the news is horrific enough, so I look for something else when it comes to my free time.In terms of consequence driven games free of horror, gore, undead, Game of Thrones nasty business, whether is sex or action, I have found only two: Dreamfall and Life is Strange. Really, after finishing the last Unwritten Tales, I had a hard time finding an entertaining adventure game.I will list the pros and cons, as I see them:Pros- graphics and voiceover. I read there were some minor issues with the lipsync, but that takes nothing from the engaging world of the game-  many characters with detailed personalities that will have meaningful interactions with you. You'll like some, you'll hate some (only because they're mean). It's a win win.- I really liked the educational bits about the history of photography. I miss games that are also un educational experiences, like the Gabriel Knight trilogy.- although the game doesn't have puzzles per se, I consider the sum of actions that help (or not) save a friend one of the best and most rewarding puzzle-like experiences in a while. More of that please in the next chapters!- a potential love story. Maybe more?- you can actually consider gifting this game to a 18+ audience. Maybe even 16+, depending on how adult will be the content for the rest of the chapters. In my opinion, in our time, every teenager already knows about the issues the game tackles like bullying, teen pregnancy, ruffies and bullying-driven suicide.  I like the way they are approached, in a very tasteful and sensitive manner that might have a positive effect on a young audience.Cons- three save slots. maybe it's a way to insure replayability, but I don't like they made that decision for me.- two months is a long time to wait between episodes. One month would have been better. The story is very engaging and it's hard to stop and reengage every time. So, my advice, maybe play the first chapter and then wait until the end to play the full game.- I kind of disliked the bottle hunting puzzle. Although it fell nice into the storyline, from a game point a view it was more of a filler meant to explore a junkyard. A very detailed and beutifully rendered junkyard, but still. A MacGyver-style puzzle would have been more rewarding or anything character-driven.- also,  there should be a way to highlight the location of the hotspots as sometimes it's kind of boring to walk around trying to move the camera so you can spot them. Fortunatelly, the enviroment is fun to walk through."
,Recommended,319630,24786731,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,satsun,"This is a total chick game, nothing wrong with that, but there's a lot of mushy, emotional girl stuff in this game.I'm a man in my 30s and didn't think I'd enjoy this, I started with the free episode and then decided it was good enough to purchase the rest. I really enjoyed the game and felt that the pace was set good enough that I didn't feel like it was dragging on or getting lame; the story will take you many places so bear with it.If you like Telltale games then you should like this. Playing The Walking Dead, I felt like all choices lead to the same outcome, Life is Strange seems to be a bit more thorough than that.I didn't experience any technical issues through the entire game. I played with a 360 gamepad on an i7 6700K, GTX 970, Windows 10."
,Recommended,319630,18678500,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ConvictedNinja,I`m not going into any detail as I don`t want to ruin any surprises but this game was amazing. I`m actually a little concerned that I have now used up all the empathy I had left this year and will shortly become a sociopath while it recharges.
76561198135473539,Recommended,319630,18675446,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RustedMetal,"Eps 1- This is cool. Oh hey time  travel. sweet.Eps 2- Caulfield Begins.Eps 3-Oooooooh Momma!Eps 4- Jon Snow!! NOOOOOO!!!Eps 5- Goddamit, Wheres the Doctor when you need him?!!"
,Recommended,319630,18677289,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stranger,"A real masterpiece. Truly. The game about our very lives. No great deeds, no powerful foes — just everyday heroes.It's so simple... and so gorgeous!And the fulfilment... The picture, the music, the scene... direction... I really don't know, what to say (still affected by the Ending, yeah).Only one things. ""DONTNOD Entertainment"", you're cruel. You know, there's quite enough horror and distress from ""telltale games"", and this heartbreaking finale of yours is kinda their stile.Still... wanna say thanks. That's the game I will never forget."
,Recommended,319630,16559789,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,!S@!@Hq R!P,"I recently ironcially watchedThe Butterfly Effectwhich is a time travel movie. Anyways I didnt get to play the game even though I preorder it and already had it; but I didn't have my laptop. So now that I played Epsiode 1, I really liked it. I like the ability to rewind time and I thought that was neat. I also like Max, no matter what choice you pick she thinks on it and says something like, ""Should I change it or not, Should I had done that to Victoria or not"" which makes the player think should they change their choice or leave it be, which is a dilemma itself. I liked espcially when I water my plants and the game told me, ""This action will have consequences"" which made the game funny. I can see the game having multiple plot points and can go in any direction..because Time Travel you know. Well anyways excuse me because I need to buy epsiode 2 and 3 while their on sale..."
,Recommended,319630,19292480,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chewycookies,This game is literally Tumblr
,Recommended,319630,19977662,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PoisonMaster,"One of the best games of the century.It's like I came back to 2057 and rewatched all 5 ""Back to the Future"" films for the first time again.Just WOW."
,Recommended,319630,16514474,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,why even live?,max dies
,Recommended,319630,15269684,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Froglift,"Seeing that message that says ""This action will have consequences."" always freaks me out. I wonder what little thing I screwed up. So freaking stressful.A fantastic game though. I love the atmosphere it portrays, with the music and the art style, simply amazing. This game is definitely rising on my favorites list. It's like one of those books that you never put down, even after you have read the 1st chapter hundreds of times."
,Recommended,319630,28319852,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Seaton o/,10/10
,Recommended,319630,17290823,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Tom Cruise,YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - you after playing episode 4
76561198102203526,Recommended,319630,18664177,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DiscoWizard,"I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game.SO GIVE IT A GODDAMN PROPER ENDING WHERE YOUR CHOICE IS APPRECIATED AND ACCEPTED. DON""T PUNISH ONE CHOICE WITH A HALF BAKED ENDING."
76561198202770619,Recommended,319630,18675387,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jjpag,"Maybe not the most original script ever, but Life Is Strange is a story that can make you think about people around you and also yourself. It enriches the popular narrative game style: it is a great walking simulator and the gameplay goes beyond pushing keys. Each scene is a virtual diorama with lots of content you can miss if you rush towards the end (Don't !). I particularly enjoyed the pool scene in chapter 4 and the nightmare in chapter 5."
76561198191285033,Recommended,319630,18984642,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,kittythecat13,"One of the most amazing gaming experiences I've ever had. I was really into the story from the very beginning. Got anxious over a lot of the decisions I had to make, replayed Chapter 5 to watch both the endings. Cried my eyes out. Would play it again, no doubt."
76561197970877152,Recommended,319630,18716754,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Slickstream,"This was a great leftist / marxcist feministic propaganda piece. Lessons learned: the rich are evil by definition, and most men are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and should be avoided unless to be used as tools.11/10 would get indoctrinated and cucked again."
,Recommended,319630,19979522,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,shrewm,One if not the best adventure of 2015.
,Recommended,319630,17952211,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Raptor,Life is Strange is one of the best games I've played. The story is nailbiting and you'll find yourself wondering where the time went. It reaches a nostalgia that everyone can relate to (regardless of generation). The soundtrack is equally enchanting as it captures the mood of the story.
,Recommended,319630,17950837,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,CaptainKindness,Absolutely Incredible! Episode 5 needs to come out now!
,Recommended,319630,28025199,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Reinoran,"It is simply one of the most emotional games that i have ever played, i seriously believe it changed me a lot and im truly grateful that i had the chance to play this masterpiece of game, it will forever be one of most espectacular and meaningful games i have ever played."
,Recommended,319630,18714349,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Quadrangle,"Life is strange is great until the ending. I expected something a bit different, a bit more actually, for the ending. It wasn't terrible, just a little disappointing. I still strongly recommend this, if you just like awesome story-based games. The story got me very emotional and it was well-written. The characters were like real people and it was fun to follow their lives for a while.So in conclusion, although the ending could have been better, I totally do not regret for paying full price for Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,28577349,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dom13WorstNW,"I never thought I would like this kind of game , but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its fantastic.I really cant recommend this game enough. The story, characters, graphics , and music are all 10/10.Do yourself a favor and download the first episode."
76561198119007318,Recommended,319630,18674898,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Legosassylass,replay value/10
76561197984594052,Recommended,319630,18675003,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hatbringer,"Breathtaking...Incredible story that keeps you guessing. Without any spoilers, this is probably my game of the year."
76561198039602752,Recommended,319630,18800963,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,arkadipl,"Game it's pretty nice  ,because :- music it's realy  good and relaxing-story lane  it's  realy big  and very interesting ( showing have the life it's realy strange like in the tittle )-all your decisions have concequences (almost all)-view and  places are beautyfull-normal language ( with some few bad words)For me game it's  good  and fresh  i always know that this game will came that will be good and it is .I recomendet to all players  with  searching something diffrent and interesting  it's kind  cool ."
76561198044946307,Recommended,319630,18875082,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,KOHb,"Pretty good game. The story is damn nice and a has a great conclusion. The choices though... none of them matter actually. Such a great buildup just to throw it all away. People bashed ME3 for not caring about your choices, but this game does exactly the same and even worse i would say.So, dont expect story to branch according to your decisions, BUT dont let it discourage you, it is still an amazing game and you should give it a try. Also, you will love the OST.8.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,18991001,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BubbleButt,"A purchase I did not regret.I had that gut feeling for this game (which rarely happens with other games) and bought it on Steam even though I could only play the first episode. After finishing episode 1, I told myself to step away from this game until all episodes were out and finally today, I just finished my first round of game play for Life Is Strange and all I can say is, Thank you.Thank you for making this game so enjoyable through the gameplay, the graphics/animation, the design and the storyline which really sums it all to the exact meaning of Life is Strange. I hope any future games that you all would make would be on par as this or even better so again, Thank you. Now I need to go punch a wall to find my manliness again.and obviously.. get this ♥♥♥♥ing game. ITS WORTH IT"
,Recommended,319630,18994535,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,CoolSkeleton95,Play this game. You should really play this game.
76561198109812663,Recommended,319630,18664076,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,¿?Markme¿?,10/10 would not know wtf i was doing again. And again. And again.
76561198059695513,Recommended,319630,18674735,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dinky D,"An absolute masterpiece. If story and choice driven games are you`re thing then this is a must buy, at the very least try the first episode which is sitting around 4 pounds best 4 pounds i`ve ever spent."
,Recommended,319630,18674063,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TechnoCaveman,Man i love this game. The story is exquisite the art is exceptional it runs well on myold machine. This is THE BEST game i have played this year.
,Recommended,319630,18674748,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ALEX FIERRO,What a game!!! So amazing! I was staring at my laptop for half an hour thinking about the ending... Such a great story
,Recommended,319630,18716491,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Emily H,"I honestly think I can't play this again. Not because it's bad. It's good. Really, really good. I just don't think I want to change any of my choices in the game from what they were. I want the story to be the way I had made it and never change. I'm attached to the way everything turned out in a way I don't think I have been in many other games."
76561198082264481,Recommended,319630,18798856,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Happy Sunday,"Every episode brings more to the table. Having the ability to walk around, discover Arcadia Bay and meet it's citizens allows for the story to sink in and have that much more impact on the player. The characters you meet can make you feel any emotion. Some you will hate with a passion, others you will love and do anything for. And with all that said, the decisions you will make in this game almost always live in a grey area. No exact good or bad will come from your choices. What you decide will impact characters you like and despise.Did I have an awesome time with this game? Yes.Will you go through feels? Yes.All around, this game is a great mix of story, soundtrack, atmosphere and gameplay that makes it a unique experience for everyone."
76561198120397785,Recommended,319630,20243691,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GG Joe,"Thanks to this game, I now have emotional scars that will never heal.11/10 would cry myself to sleep again."
,Recommended,319630,27400301,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RetroRain,Buy it its great
,Recommended,319630,17526864,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,lizzie_bren,"Wow. So many things to say. How can I really describe this game and do it justice?I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale, soley based on the plethora of amazing reviews. Finally started playing it 2 days ago and finished the latest episode (4) just now. I couldn't ""put it down,"" so to speak.There is so much beauty yet so much ugliness encapsulated within this game. The true nature of friendship even as years pass. The searing pain of losing a loved one. The effect a kind word can have on a hurting person. The depression that ensues with rejection. All the ups and downs and smiles and fights and feelings of being a teenager...and a person. The simple pleasure of sitting in silence with your best friend. The dark side of a person that's always been a hero to you. The dangers of ignoring psychological problems.All these and more are topics addressed in this game...which honestly, plays out like a phenomenal story. A story where your choices significantly impact the future as well as the present.The twists and consequences throughout this game lend to its haunting beauty and thrill.You can't not play this game and ponder it (and your decisions) deeply. It is impossible. There is so much to see and so much to think about.Play this game. Thank me later.And don't forget to always look for the photo op! :)"
76561198039710294,Recommended,319630,14266287,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kagstrom2100,"Love the style of the game, and a story in class with The walking dead from Tell tale! :D"
,Recommended,319630,14391003,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dore915,This is just simply awesome!! Don't usually play these types of games but it is outstanding
,Recommended,319630,16518061,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Yuuki,Not my type of game but i still enjoyed it.
76561197986073004,Recommended,319630,15133103,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Consequences,"I've only played the first episode of this game (There's only 2 episodes out as of now).  I would have to say this game so far is pretty solid.  If you've played any of the Telltale games you will feel extremely comfortable playing this game.With me only playing 1 of the 2 episodes available it’s too early for me to judge and explain what the story is about, or where the story is going.  So far the only thing I know is that you're playing a character named Max, and she has the power to reverse time.  And with this power where she has no idea how she obtains it, there are events that happen throughout her day that allow her to start to understand her power.  With this power when an event occurs she's able to make a decision and see how each decision plays out, and even gather information from the future to help her change decisions in the past.I like that they add an element of reversing time in this game.  This element allows you to look at anything you might have missed, do something without any consequences, and even allows you to view both of the consequences of choosing from two decisions.  While I like this feature a lot, I personally dislike how the character is constantly second guesses herself. While I get the purpose of why the company did this I believe that the second guessing should be left with the player.  I say this because sometimes I want to think about the possible consequences of what's going to happen in the future on my own.  For example when the main character says something as little as ""I hope this doesn't conflict with my scholarship"" makes me second guess my decision more than I usually would. In a way it doesn't make me feel like I'm making the character how I want her to be. I think the indicator that your decision has a consequence is more than enough.Just like a Telltale games they show you your decisions compared to everyone else who's played.  It was nice to see that they added a filter to see if you would like to see exclusively how your friends stacked up to your decisions.  They break down your decisions in two parts.  The first of which are your major decisions, and the second being ""minor"" decisions (You don't know how big of an impact these decisions make on the future of the game just yet).  Minor decisions can be anything as simple as watering a plant to drawing on a dusty car.  Any minor decision you may have missed appears on the list and tells you what you did/didn't do.The art and graphics the company decided to use compliments this game extremely well.  The lighting especially looks gorgeous.  I'm not saying this game blows something like Battlefield 4's graphics out the water.  But I'm stating for the graphics specifically for this game's theme it looks extremely well just like how Minecraft's graphics look appropriate for that kind of game. The only downfall that REALLY takes away from really good moments of the game is the synchronization of the mouth and voice of the characters; In fact it doesn't even look like they're trying at all.  For example the character can be speaking a sentence that has 10 words and will only move they're mouth 3 times throughout the whole time they're speaking.  This personally kills me because there are some heart felt moments in this game but the voice synchronization take away from me getting emotionally attached to the characters sometimes.Another pet peeve that absolutely kills me is the typographical error of the usage of the $ in this game.  While it's small it appears multiple times instead of using the dollar sign properly ($20) they display as this: 20$.The music is also worth mentioning for this game.  Just like the graphics the music compliments this game perfectly.  The music hits the perfect mood and gives you the appropriate emotion for what's happening in the game.  Some of the songs are actually worth Shazaming.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who hasn't tried games where you make a decision and your decision has a consequence for what you've decide.  If you've played this kind of genre in the past I would recommend that you give this game a shot.  Personally I've been on the fence seeing how I don't know what the story is entirely about.  But it's just too early to judge the richness of the story seeing how there’s only 2 out of 5 episodes out right now.  You're just going to have to try it out to see if you like the direction that the company takes you with their story. The first episode is only $5 and if you decide that you like it you can purchase the other 4 episodes for $17 (you lose $2 for not buying the complete season)."
,Recommended,319630,18215474,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PolaroidPandora,"Verdict: DONTNOD beats Telltale at their own game, creating the preeminent modern choice-based adventure game.Review: At the time of this writing, the first four episodes of Life is Strange are available for purchase, with the fifth and final slated for a late October release. Certainly, the quality and content of the final episode are a factor in the overall experience of the game, but even if the final chapter of this saga ends up underwhelming, Life is Strange so far has created a world not to be missed.Telltale's Walking Dead was the beginning of a minor revolution in adventure gaming. The once-dead genre had been revitalized by direct distribution and crowdfunding, but Telltale gave Walking Dead a distinctly new feeling. The game was filled with gut-wrenching decisions, and the characters constantly reminded you of the consequences of your actions. As far as a technique to draw players into the world that Telltale had developed, it was masterfully done. You were not just watching, taking control when it was necessary to solve a puzzle or fight enemies, but you were an active participant in the drama around you.Unfortunately, Telltale's sense of choice was a carefully crafted illusion, and the more they released games in the same vein, the more the cracks in the mirror became clear. Walking Dead worked partially because of the novelty; their later offerings were increasingly lackluster (with the exception of the charming Tales from the Borderlands thanks to its genuine wit and comedy).There was a single moment in Telltale's latest and most disappointing entry: Game of Thrones where (without spoilers) you are given the choice to attempt to kill a major character from the television show and books. This choice almost made me laugh in its absurdity: I knew there would be no consequences either way, obviously this character lives. Is a choice still a choice if it doesn't matter? This isn't just a problem with licensed material, it's emblematic of the entire philosophy of false choice behind Telltale. Like a puppet show, it only works if you squint and pretend you can't see the strings.Which brings us finally to Life is Strange. French based DONTNOD's second game (the first was the polarizing Remember Me) wears its influences up its sleeves. It concerns a small town in Oregon and the strange, sometimes supernatural events that occur therein. Its story is vintage Twin Peaks meets Butterfly Effect, which the game freely acknowledges, but the gameplay borrows liberally from Telltale.Structurally it works the same. You guide your protagonist (introverted hipster Max Caulfield) as she interacts with an environment, talks to NPCs, solves puzzles and makes one-or-the-other choices that will leave you pondering and regretful. But, not too regretful, because the big gimmick of Life is Strange is the protagonist's limited time travel powers. Besides having an enormous effect on the plot, they also allow her to, well... rewind time.Practically, this translates into using it to explore conversation paths, solve some simple puzzles, and preventing Max from spilling or breaking things. Which she does with rather alarming frequency. This ability also lets you go back and make other decisions in the game-changing choices, but only to see its very short term effects, since you can't rewind particularly far back (for obvious reasons). It's a cute gimmick that most players will get a lot of use out of, but more than that, it feeds into the two strongest elements of the game: the experience and the narrative.This is not an opinion everyone shares, but I believe the experience of a game and its ability to draw you into its world is the most important part of the game (hence my blog name). This is especially important in a story-driven game like Life is Strange. In this regard, it succeeds in spades. The rewind ability has an ancillary effect of cutting down on immersion-breaking reloads because there's a built in system for redoing your decisions. Even the menus are designed around the idea of you inhabiting Max's world instead of your own.Which is important, because you two will be spending some time together. Max's basic personality and outlook is more or less set by the game, your decisions are more about determining her actions and relationships. Any way you play it, she's a serious young artist with a good eye for photography and an empathetic heart. The second most present and important character is her childhood best friend turned punk rock rebel Chloe. She starts out as little more than a cliché, but as the game carries on you see the full depths of her conflicted character.There are other characters (quite a few, in fact) who you can interact with in various ways, but the majority of the development is between Max and Chloe. This game's laser pointed focus on a relationship between two young women is reminiscent of Gone Home, but this game more fully explores its themes by putting you in the driver's seat. Depending on your choices, their interactions can be strained, friendly or even flirtatious, but there's little doubt their intelligent, well-written dynamic and realistic portrayals are a huge draw for a game like this.The game's narrative itself is, at its core, a coming of age story. The rewind powers work into the lesson Max has to learn the hard way: When you're an adult your actions have consequences. But it wouldn't be a Twin Peaks inspired game without a good mystery or two. Life is Strange sees Max and Chloe team up to try and find Chloe's missing best friend: Rachel Amber, as well as try and come to terms with and understand Max's powers and their consequences. These elements are handled well, but they are just backdrop to the characterization.Life is Strange uses many of the familiar Telltale tricks to make you feel like choices matter. Characters will constantly bring up events, and little elements are in flux. Life is Strange takes it a few steps further however, by making those choices actually make a real difference. By giving them some teeth, you feel more responsible for the consequences. Characters you alienate early in the game may refuse to help you later and possible choices might be closed off because you didn't pursue the right options earlier. The general beats of the story remain the same, but the details change in meaningful ways you won't see in other games like this.It's an amazing experience, but it's not for everyone. This is not a game you can come into with a sense of world weary cynicism, and if you're determined not to like it, you surely will not. The puzzles rarely have you rushing to a walkthrough and besides some optional photography there's not much in the way of distractions. And if you don't like adventure games or didn't enjoy any of Telltale's offerings in the slightest, you probably won't fall in love here.However, if you want to feel pulled into a world so vivid that it feels real, and if you're willing to let the game suck you in, you can hardly do better than a game that reminds you that life is indeed strange, but it is also wonderful, terrifying, confusing and most of all beautiful.Rating: 3/3 (Not just for fans of the genre, this game is a masterpiece.)"
76561198037523271,Recommended,319630,14407507,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Allyah,"Pros-Atmospheric-Interesting/suspensful story-Beautiful graphics-Great soundtrack-Relatable characters-Time travel allows you to see (and change) the immediate outcome of every choice you make without letting you know its future implicationsCons-Out-of-touch ""teen"" dialogue-Characters can be a little 1-D in their personalities-The very beginning of the game may be off-putting because of Max's habit of belittling herself.Great if you want a low-key, casual, and engaging game based heavily on story, choices and consequences, and human drama."
,Recommended,319630,18902017,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"So now, DONTNOD Entertainment head into the TELLTALE episodic adventures huh!To put it bluntly, you are Max, a young adult that discovers she can rewind time. So who never thought of having that kind of power and just rewinding time and do everything right at first?Just like what was mentioned many times on Spiderman movies, great power comes with great responsibility and Max get's to witness that. Each time she uses that power to provoke big changes, the inevitable get's closer to her.Well, it was a nice endeavor from DONTNOD and I can honestly say that this game delivers on the ""feels"", especially around Episode 3 until the very end of Episode 5.The main lowdowns I found on this game was the first Episode, it seemed like a dragging teen TV show so be patient and once you get through EP1, the game and the story get's more interesting! The final ending of EP5 seemed quite abrupt and lacking. Aside for that, the game delivers very well for DONTNOD's first adventure episodic game.PROS:+Rewind is a cool feature and you get to try a few different scenarios.+Story is interesting and keeps you guessing for a long while!+World is very detailed, even feels alive.+Lots of feels!+Decent soundtrack.CONS:-Episode 1 seems straight outa generic teen tv show!-Gotta be careful with the rewind power. If you rewind too far, you have to redo some actions / choices or they won't count.-Stealth portion in EP5 broke the tension.-Final ending could have been better elaborated, same goes with the whole main choices.RECOMMENDATION:You love adventure story rich games ""à la Telltale""? You will love this game!RATING:8.0 / 10Once you have completed Life is Strange, it's mentioned that this is the end of Season 1 so I'm guessing we may have more to come later on!"
,Recommended,319630,14350940,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,GrimReaper711,Incredible game. Very atmospheric and story driven.
76561198105880388,Recommended,319630,15862525,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kalikoded,I've become a lot more laid back and casual with gaming as time has passed and was looking for something that was just genuinely entertaining. I definitely found that with this title. After the first two episodes I can say that I never hit any points in the game where I felt bored or wished anything would speed up. The pacing is good and I personally believe anyone can enjoy the story even if the trailers make you think it only caters to a specific audience. I recommend at least giving the first episode a try and see if you get hooked.
76561198126821452,Recommended,319630,15989401,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,WolfyCub,"Two words.... Love It !!! I literly sat down and played though episodes 1 - 3 and still left me wanting more. The art work just suites this game to the T, the story line is in its own league and has completely fresh take on story based choice and consequence as you can re-wind to change your previous decision but it will still leave you feeling if your choice is the right one :) I would definatly recormmend this game to everyone :D"
,Recommended,319630,18738787,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nick,"The most engrossing video game story I've experienced in a long while. This game is a stunning feat in the subgenre, and is a must-play for all video game enthusiasts."
76561197990244778,Recommended,319630,18739672,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,huwwp-,Life is Feels and beans.
,Recommended,319630,18740519,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,evilgizmoisevil,I absolutely loved this game! I will be going back to do another playthrough following a different path with a lot of choices and even though I know the plot line I'm really excited about it.
76561198077298615,Recommended,319630,18766402,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Meadre,If you haven't played this game then what the hell are you waiting for? Buy it and play now!
,Recommended,319630,18752020,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bocoka,It has a amazing story everybody must play that
76561198028280757,Recommended,319630,18997875,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mr Joans,"10/10 would throw beans on the floor again.In all seriousness,  if I can give you one advice, go get this game, it's hella worth it."
,Recommended,319630,18584074,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Katyusha,"After I finished episode 5, I realised how beautiful the game is. The story has plot twists that seperates Life is Strange from other highschool friendship stuffs. I actually wanted to see more romance between Chloe in Max, but still the game it self gives you a lot of impact on your life generally. Just got to say ""20 bucks well spent"""
,Recommended,319630,18584256,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Frousty,"I can't believe I'm actually writing a review, For the first time ever.Where do I start with this game....EnvironmentThe environment feels cozy, It feels warm and it feels like it's home even though it's not. It doesn't have that busy 'everything-is-going-on-at-once' feeling that other games have.Don't get me wrong, The graphics of this game isn't good, lip syncing is bad and textures look a little low-res at time but the setting and environment takes your attention away from the faults that it's easy to look past those.StoryThe story in this game is relatable, full of tension with some funny, sad and shocking moments.Almost anyone will tell you that the story of this game is amazing with their own reasoning. That's no different from me.CharactersThe Characters, to me, is what makes this game so good. Every character has their own flaws, personality that each individual character is unique compared to each other. The actions of every character can be explained through their personalities and flaws instead of just passing it off as 'over-reaction' or 'quick to anger' or some nonsense like that.I'm looking at you, Kenny from The Walking Dead.I can almost promise to whoever is reading my review that you would at least find one character in the game that is either relatable or likable.Max is my favourite character.GameplayGameplay wise, The game excels in areas where it merges the environment with the gameplay.For example,You have to save this girl from a football but it doesn't give you any dialogue to do it, you just have to want to do it.However, Everything other gameplay aspect ( besides the cool rewind time mechanic) don't have the kick to it. There's no QTE's or shooting mini-game like the Telltale games.There was this hiding mini-game in Episode 3 that was really cool but it only happened again in Episode 5.ConclusionOverall, get this game. This game is great enough to be Game Of The Year material. Heck, it has my vote to be GOTY.The game's atmosphere is amazing, the characters are relatable, the story is interesting, the voice acting is great. Everything has been done so well in this game it's really hard to give it a bad rating for the faults it has."
,Recommended,319630,18584892,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,fleur,Just the best purchase I have EVER made. 12/10 would bang
,Recommended,319630,18585297,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Omelfilip™,My heart aches
,Recommended,319630,18585460,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Svenhent,Wow... That impactful ending...[can't write proper review now... gotta chill first before getting back my senses]short updated review: Rating 8/10
,Recommended,319630,18585589,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Airus,"Life is really strange.It's a beautiful game, one that I will never forget.It would be so nice to change the past, present and future.Learned in LIS, sometimes the gift is a curse.The only choice, and you can change everything.I don't have words to describe this game.It's simply amazing.LIS is life LIS is love"
76561198068290276,Recommended,319630,18585761,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,aR4ndomBlackguy,"after completing the full 5 episodes, i can say this is a very good game, the overall story is superb. besides some writing being ""cringy"" i can say i definitely enjoyed the style of the game. It is a great example of how and why video games should be seen as a form of art."
,Recommended,319630,18585775,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,OhhMeinGott,Simply put: Masterpiece <3
76561198082245861,Recommended,319630,18537190,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lynzgay,There are lesbians and its scary i like it also ♥♥♥♥ yourselfie
,Recommended,319630,18578173,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,TheStagedLemon,"Highly reccomend this game. Such an amazing story line. The game was very well thought out and i juts love it. The last episode really had me emmersed fully into the game and paying no attention to my surroundings. Incredible, please make more games like this!!!"
,Recommended,319630,18578828,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,player and winner of sports,man ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198054930889,Recommended,319630,18587297,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,〚Ｐｉｒａｔｅ〛,"One of my if not even the biggest mind♥♥♥♥ I ever had.The choices reach from unsignificant on first sight to so big,that the whole game alters.I highly suggest this game ,it is well worth the 20 bucks."
76561198103869796,Recommended,319630,18587416,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hjortepels,I paid to cry a lot10/10 would cry again
76561198010039234,Recommended,319630,18588101,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gobas,"TLDR:Episode 1 - quite fun and wonder what will happens nextEpisode 2 - Oh oh cant stop playEpisode 3 - OMG! who cares its 1:00 AM must playEpisode 4 - ....Best game everEpisode 5 - Wow... I am sad and happy in the same momentLongerLife is strange is adventure game similar to all Walking Dead in terms of there is more story than clicking and finding things.Characters are realy likeable, story is gripping. Puzzles and Ridles are fun with your ""time rewind power"" thing. Story gets better and better. Some moments are really memorable.While overal I had more hard to chose decisions in Walking Dead series at end of Episode 5 I stared blankly 10 minutes in monitor not being able to chose and decide which way I think its better.Its really good and memorable game, with good plot and dramatis personae and really charming graphics.11/10"
,Recommended,319630,18588405,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,William Wallace,"I have never taken the time to really sit down and write a review about a steam game, or really any game in general.  This game was absolutely fantastic from beginning to end. One of my favorite games of all time and definetly my GOTY. The way it plays from scene to scene, how well it uses its soundtrack (which is fantastic BTW) is all just incredible. From Epsidoe 1 all the way to Epsode 5. With all the waiting inbetween this game has taken me on an incredible journey that the Dev's should be proud they made. For anyone looking for a relaxing game to sit back and play that will pull them into the story. This is the game for you. I can sit here and type stuff about this game all day...however i would just be trying to butcher it into you. Id reccomend this game from my mom and grandma all the way to my mortal enemy. Everyone should play this game from start to finish on their gut instict and get a big case of the feels. **I had a lot more time in this game, however it wasn't originally on steam (Pirated) however loved the game so much here i am.**"
76561198087598570,Recommended,319630,18569132,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,[DFS]🐾FoxyWithTheMoxy🐾,I am in love with this game :D
,Recommended,319630,19326803,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Imma gonna tap that ass,"Bae over Bay?orBay over Bae?In the end all your efforts doesn't even matter.Good mechanics though. Plot wise, eh. Character wise, eh, Team Pompidou all the way.8/10"
,Recommended,319630,14981679,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,cheesefrommysoul,"At first glance this may seem like a cheap Telltale clone, and in some respects it is, but this game is still worth getting.The story is basically about a photographer named Max and the drama at her new school; but the twist is that she somehow has the ability to turn back time. This makes the game very interesting since you can always rewind and make a different choice as long as you're in the same area. Once you leave an are all your choices are final. The time system works great in the game and they are able to teach you how to use it easily. Some choices don't seem to have a huge effect, but I'm sure they will in the later episodes. One fault in my opinion is that some choices are hard to find and you may not even know they existed until you get to the end screen and see every choice. Maybe I just didn't explore enough, but I really did try to find every little detail (aside from the many, many, many posters can boards that you can read). The rest of the gameplay is basically like any Telltale game. The story is able to draw you in and make you interested, but some of the writing is questionable. Sometimes it can be like when an adult tries to write about a teenager. The graphics are beautiful, and everything else about the game is generally good.Should you get this game? I think so, but here is the good and the bad.ProsGood storyGameplay is easy to learn and classic Telltale fashion with the innovative time rewind mechanismBeautiful graphics and musicConsWriting is cheesyChoices have little effect *so far*Choices are hard to find, and environment is full of posters and an overuse of things to ""look"" atI would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,16923565,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Gunter,Amazing!!
,Recommended,319630,31322675,Posted: 23 April,all,Sabo,"If you aren't sure if you would like this, just pick it up on sale or try the first episode for free. We haven't gotten through the whole thing yet, but my fiance and I have really enjoyed playing it together."
,Recommended,319630,15808242,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Cortunix,"Thought it would be bad, it wood gud"
76561198002019002,Recommended,319630,26814447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heidis Grandpa,"Clever story with much tragedy and a twisted plot.A ""must play"" !"
,Recommended,319630,15711454,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,(LM-5)bEAcon,Awesome game!!. The best choice based game ever.Another great work by DONTNOD Entertainment  after the Remember Me.Update:Episode 3's ending blew my mind. Never seen such a huge plot twist. TIll now it's great.Update:Played all episodes . Never been so emotionally affected by playing a game before. This game will strike you where it hurts the most and still you won't stop playing. Best game ever
,Recommended,319630,19893612,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dankenstein,wew lad. Feelings Simulator
,Recommended,319630,16327671,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chewy / SporksAreGoodForYou,Game is Strange... but compelling.
,Recommended,319630,15046125,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,iMPULSE | NoobCat,Dank
,Recommended,319630,30116202,Posted: 23 February,all,Princess ♥,"Such an amazing game. I tried episode 1 because it was free, and I heard good things about this game. After finishing episode 1, I just needed more! I wish it was longer, but it is defiently worth the price. You get to pick your own choices, and it comes with consequences of your choices. It's also female characters which also brought me in..The graphics and music to me are amazing."
,Recommended,319630,28816055,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,loved it. Kept me hooked. cant wait to play the rest of the episodes.
,Recommended,319630,18583130,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vodkaffee,"So, now that all episodes are out and I played all of them I feel I can give a fair analysis.I have mixed feelings about this game, to make it simple I will list the pros and cons first.-- PROS:- Great story: time travel stories are always fun, specially when they base the story on real life time travelling theories.- Great music: appropriate for every scene, specially for the most plot intense parts the music add a lot to the feeling of the game.- Great gameplay mechanics: One strong point on the game mechanics is that when you travel back in time everything around you change to a previous state, but Max doesn't move of her place (which makes sense because is time travel and not space travel), this gives the developers a lot of opportunities for puzzle solving (which I feel could have been used a lot more).-- CONS:- Relatable characters: for the most part, I feel the main character [Max] goes off character a lot in episode 4 and 5 just for the sake of making the game dramatic, and that's just not good storytelling.- Your decisions do NOT matter: for a game that pushes the idea of the importance of choice, it actually doesn't show it. I mean, you can make ANY decision you want and the development of the plot will not change AT ALL besides some lines and references to previous choices.All in all the game is ok, i would recommend it if you want a good story with lots of feeling but not if you are looking for a mass effect like malleable plot."
76561198064827821,Recommended,319630,18582034,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yicurab,Best game I've played in years
76561198082710692,Recommended,319630,18582205,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sallem Ima Bird [HFG],What else can I say...For this review to make the most sence I would have to start from page one I guess.Pros:Amazing art visuals and music (I always felt afraid when you were supposed to feel it and your rarly ever left in the dark.)Thought provoking story- So much to process this game has amazing story and characters (even if one or two are just backwall steryotypes) (but then again trying to make a whole city with 100% perfect characters would take so long and may seem like info overload)Gameplay was wonderful I wanted to look at everything and the rewind feature wasnt overdone forcing you to use it all the time and the ending...I wont say anything about it its up to whoever plays it next to feel it.Cons: I did see a few motions that kind of jumped like someones leg would jerk too fast or their eye may shoot the wrong way but it always fixed itself.The only con I can see that really stuck out wasnt even there fault. I bought the game back in episode 1 and waited for the rest...now I wish I waited for them all and gave myself at least a day or two between each one. It was so good but after a month between 4 and 5 I felt lost for a bit but again thats my own fault ;pLove the game I recommend it to anyone who likes games that will make you try and be the best the worst or the most practical.
,Recommended,319630,18583316,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Brychu,"This game is a difficult one to rate without spoiling it.I will say this has been the game of the year for me. I haven't been this obsessed with something since Harry Potter? The characters are wonderful. The gameplay is fantastic and there are many relatable points. The story was fantastic... It had a brilliant build up, which caused so many theories for the character. None of us knew how it would end. I had hoped this was going to be a new era in story telling choice based games but the last episode really was a let down in my opinion. However! The fanbase are split 50/50 on the view of the last episode and even though I'm not happy with it I do reccomend this game. I'm glad I played a truly wondeful and interesting game even I am dissapointed in the last episode, but when do you ever get a satisfying ending to a complex and wonderful story?Please go play this game!"
76561198071580255,Recommended,319630,29958198,Posted: 16 February,all,ヤクザ,I'm glad I overlooked the not so fluid animations and sometimes clunky interfaces; the plot/story is one of the best I've played in recent years. Makes you wonder about all the 'could haves' 'would haves' 'regrets' in life. Definitely highly recommended.
,Recommended,319630,28217988,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Anne,This was one of my first story rich / choice games and it was amazing ~!The game itself had me emotionally invested whilst playing extremely well on one of my potato laptops at the time. The graphics are top notch alongside with the storyline. Would definately recommend to anyone who is new to this genre type of game.I've definately been playing more story rich games with choices so I can cry over my idiotic choices.Try the game.First episode is free. You have nothing to lose. JUST DO IT!
,Recommended,319630,28329040,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Lapis ♡,Such an amazing game !I just lost myself in the beautiful graphics and story*Can't stop crying* 10/10
,Recommended,319630,28198798,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kuroko <3,The Best game for adventure and time rewinding effect..I loved it <3...Its all matters how you change the time and which story line you gonna end up with!
76561197986653010,Recommended,319630,27792180,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GotyZ,"Do not play this game while peeling onions, seriously. This game has jumped to my top 10 games of all time list almost right after I started playing it. Yes the dialog can be cringeworthy but I find it charming like for cereal. I really recommend this game but be prepared to have feels. My only real problem with the game was the ending but it doesn't destroy this otherwise amazing game, they could have really used little bigger budjet on the last episode. The soundtrack is also really awesome, while indie isn't normally my genre this game made me want to listen to more. 10/10 Pricefield is my canon! ( ˘ ³˘)♥"
,Recommended,319630,26339782,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,purple dragon~~~,"Very entertaining! Not sure how much my actions changed the end of the story, though."
76561198275533166,Recommended,319630,27602953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leah (lee-uh),I love it so much!!
,Recommended,319630,27604425,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snowlight,This game  story is divided into parts.. but i really enjoy playing it. The story was good too.
76561198044388991,Recommended,319630,16545409,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avatar of Khaine,"Life is Strange is not for everyone, and the slang they use is very offputting, but as someone around the protagonists age bracket I can say that they get the way the slang works right and that most people close to the age of Max will not find the slang words as cringy as people outside that age bracket."
,Recommended,319630,24661936,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mr. Zero - Noctavigant,"This game was much better than anticipated. Usually play stuff like L4D, Total War, Warhammer and Assassin's Creed... but this game right here. I think it'll stick with me like Bioshock Infinite. Totally awesome with hard choices. Currently considering if I am ready for a second playthrough ... Expect somewhere between 16 and 25 hours per playthrough (there is a thread on the forum). And if you like the first episode, don't expect to let go of the game before you are done."
76561198133975714,Recommended,319630,24745708,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Voltoyle,"Don't mind about the graphics and just focus on the plot: the way I see it, it's some kind of interactive 3D point'n'click game with multiple choices, and a fairly decent and fitting soundtrack.The first three episodes are rather slow-paced, the fourth is where you get overwhelmed by the events and your previous decisions begin to make sense, while the fifth and last one is literally mind-blowing.I think I'm gonna play it at least one more time to check whether I can get some different outcomes.Rumours has it some folks would like to get a TV show out of this game; that would make sense if they get as the main storyline the choices the players picked the most (there are global stats at the end of each episode).One note for the youngers: due to the contents treated in game such as bullism, drug, guns, psychosis, as well as a strong ""emo"" component, play it at your own risk.If you wanna give it a chance, the first episode is currently being given out for free."
,Recommended,319630,24755550,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Admiral Allahu Ackbar,"Sometimes in life, you're faced with hard decisions. Life is Strange takes that statement much further.At this point, I've only finished the second episode, and I've already cried because of something stupid I did. And unlike most of the decisions thus far, I could not rewind time to fix it. This is going to permanently affect my game.Also pretty rad soundtrack. Might just be my taste thoUPDATE: My life feels so empty since I finished the story... Very emotional game. I think this is my favorite game of all time*SPOILER ALERT!*At this point in the game, I've made a few questionable choices, including ""accusing"" an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of waving a gun around, almost shooting a man, and letting a friend get abbused over a stupid blunt. However, the one that made me just break down and cry, was when I let my virtual friend, a close one at that, jump off of a building, and straight to her death."
,Recommended,319630,24646410,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bonkyboo,"Honestly still one of the best games ever. Personally this game has a good amount of replayability, there is a lot of mystery and foreshadowing which makes you gasp for more. I saw jacksepticeye play it a year ago and i still played it cause it's about your choices not someone elses, the soundtrack works perfectly with this game, and the art style just gives the characters and story more depth and life in it. I highly recommend this game to everyone."
76561198012209407,Recommended,319630,24662046,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SexualChocolate,Coming from a big Telltale fan Life is Strange absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥all over TellTales games.  I was hesitant at first about this game because it was about female teenage drama but I decided to buy it because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews and I don't regret it at all.  I would most certainly recommend it.
76561198041168564,Recommended,319630,24682180,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Diego Karamba,"If you like well-written dialogues, great story and decisions which actually do have impact on it, this game was made for you. You'll likely immediately feel immersed by the atmosphere of the enviroment, scenery, music and characters. Square Enix definitely did a well done job by balancing slow-paced serene pauses the main character finds herself in and the action-adventure moments, when you actually have to think fast. The characters, which mostly consist of high school senior students or their friends/family and the prestigious photography art school setting might sound a bit 'meh' at first, but you'll quickly get to sympathize with the protagonist, explore the areas and people around and eventually you'll realize you just spent several hours without even noticing.Just to point out some of the cons too, sometimes you might get stuck at a spot with an unnecessarily hard-to-notice clickable object which you'd never have expected to be of use. Also, the dialogues tend to feel a bit too long at times, but it's possible to avoid the long talk by selecting right choices. Later on the game might feel a little confusing, at least it did to me, as there's a lot happening - literally - at the same time. There's also no save/load option, but you certainly won't need it, as you'll figure out quickly throughout the game.Be perceptive, click everything that can be clicked, make wise choices and you'll enjoy 12 hours of a great, movie-like game."
76561198020349865,Recommended,319630,24683612,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Klausy,ep.1 Hey this is cool pretty cool im a teenage girl who can turn back time!ep.2 Okay.. this is getting a bit weird...ep.3 Alright seriously... whats going on?ep.4 Holy **** did that seriously just happen?ep.5 O.o:this is a must get.
76561198124965595,Recommended,319630,24729107,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ayn,"*Review applies to the whole game, i.e. episodes 1-5*Life Is Strange is an amazing experience on one condition - accept right off the bat that it's more of an interactive movie than an actual game. That said, just sit back, relax, have a glass of good wine or a cup of tea and be told a story that balances between intriguing, heartwarming and absolutely gutwrenching. The choices you make in the game, even the tiniest and insignificant-seeming ones, can come back to reward you ot bite you in the most unexpected ways, making you feel guilty as hell for what you thought was the best choice and/or make you cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. It's a thoroughly enjoyable (sometimes in a horrible, depressing, but-i-want-to-know-what-happens kind of way) emotional rollercoaster that I definitely plan to ride again to see how different choices would turn out. On a sidenote, I recommend immersing yourself into the story and making the choices you would make, not what obviously seem the most moral ones. Might end up getting to know yourself a little better. For example, turns out that I would let a town be destroyed in exchange for the life of one friend of mine. I think it's fair to say this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up.  Onto the pros, cons, and meeh.Pros:+ a brilliant, thrilling story that draws you in like no other+ great voice acting+ very atmospheric and relaxing gameplay+ the graphics style I think is very fitting for the game+ good soundtrack, again very fitting for the game's overall feel and the developers have definitely thought about supplying a good flow of music for players who might take longer in one or another part of the game.+ awesome detail to the game in terms of NPC-s and interactions.+ has decent replay value+ the game does an excellent job of illustrating the butterfly effect - even the smallest choices (or choices you didn't make and things you didn't change) have consequences.Cons:- Some of the playable parts just seem unnecessary and almost like the makers thought ""hmm, we haven't let the player do anything for a while, let's interrupt the cutscene just to have them fetch some stuff for no discernible reason"".But still. 10/10."
76561198160813027,Recommended,319630,17882063,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,FatherOfDragons,"Simply amasterpiece. Another piece ofgreatgaming.Right from the start in epsiode 1, I washookedwith thevividandastoundingatmosphere. The character design is justphenomenaland I'm sorry to say this, but the story is verycaptivating.You will not believe theplot twisttowards the end. As of now, we can onlyapplaud the creators and all involvedin the making of this pile ofgreatness. No wonder the title received so manyawardsand is boundto receive more. With that, Istrongly recommendthis game."
,Recommended,319630,17371278,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,BreezyBlink,"Life is strange is super in depth and super story rich, Would definitely be in my top 5 games. If you buy all the episodes it will not dissapoint."
76561198092494140,Recommended,319630,17372371,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,blackwølf,Just here for the free reward lul.
76561198038067476,Recommended,319630,17451615,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Prime,H E L L A  - A M A Z I N GI know i'm not very useful but.. what else to say ? :)Splish Splash(-_*)Enjoy it!!
,Recommended,319630,17469918,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,witchblade,Want to feel connected to the main character? Get Life is Strange.Want to see lesbians in a game? Get Life is Strange.Don't want to see lesbians in a game? Get Life is Strange.Want to be tricked into thinking that every choice you make will impact your life negatively? Get Life is Strange.Want to feel immersed into the story? Get Life is Strange.Want tospend 4 episodes of a game trying to find a dead girl? Get Life is Strange.
76561198097322803,Recommended,319630,17459609,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Locusthorde300,"This game isstunning. 8/10.The story is excellent and powerful, the characters are relatable and enjoyable, the only thing that this game is lacking is better animation and the ability to explore Arcadia Bay. As But those are fairly minor concerns. The main thing this game needs work on is the ending chapter. I won't spoil it, but it doesn't feel like it's the powerful ending one would hope for, and feels really thrown together."
76561198092154097,Recommended,319630,17433419,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Periwinkle,Chloe is Kenny from TWD Confirmed. 10/10
76561198030058463,Recommended,319630,17442238,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Sawora,"I really really really love this game, the artsy animation fits so well. I love how you're able to change the story with your own choices, it makes the game a lot more personal. I did find one minor bug in episode 4 - the first time I played it through, there were these white lines around half of my screen, at the bottom and on the right side. The lines came at the entree to the party, I don't know if other people have experienced this.Also, AMAZING music and storyline.- Nominated for: The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award"
76561198058878393,Recommended,319630,20138573,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ms. Dustweaver,"Stop torturing yourself over whether or not to buy this game. Instead, start torturing yourself by getting heavily emotionally involved in a game that seeks to make you paranoid by telling you everything has consequences. Right down to watering that damn plant."
,Recommended,319630,18635802,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,PADRE,"That's how a game is done! AMAZING!Enjoyed every minute of it, thank you."
,Recommended,319630,18633207,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Apollo,I have never played a game before that made me go through the grieving process for a character. Good job Life Is Strange I feel like I've lost a person extremely close to me. Life Is Strange is without a doubt one of the best games I've played in my life.
,Recommended,319630,18698578,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,konbleck,"Review for full gameThis game kind of shows what happens when a group of women stays together for a long time: problems. Haha. Just kidding. Let’s move on for the good part.First, I will start with a short plot summary.""An unconfident photography student discovers that she has the ability to rewind time. After reuniting with her estranged best friend, she uses her new found ability to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a local girl.""""Life is Strange may poke holes in its mechanics when it sees fit, but it a does a damn good job of letting you know that every little thing you do is contributing to a powerful butterfly effect.""So, this game has interesting story and characters, beautiful hand-painted art and visuals, nice and relaxing soundtrack. It has good puzzles, but some of them can be tedious and confusing at first. But some puzzles get easier if you explore. This game rewards you for exploring. So, explore the most you can. Exploring helps with character development, too.This game has maybe the best voice acting I’ve ever seen in this type of games. It helps you to set the mood. It provides a perfect combination of music for every mood and action, too. It can provide you a various mix of all emotions: it can make you feel good about a decision you made before and then BOOM!!! The game pulls out a ""get rekt son!"" with scenes capable of making some tough guys cry like babies and make your brain turn upside down. It's like a tsunami of feels all of sudden. Maybe it is this way because it tries to focus in stuff from the real world. In my gaming years, only 3 games made me tear up a bit: BioShock Infinite, The Walking Dead game series (by Telltale games) and Life is Strange.I may use some spoilers but I will hide all of them, so before starting, let me just leave here a***SPOILER WARNING***. And in the end of my essay ( xD ) I will put a TL;DR just for the people who just want to go straight to the point.If you like games where your smallest decision can have a huge impact later and you can feel the same as the main character, then this game is for you.This game is a masterpiece from Square Enix and DONTNOD Entertainment. It may change your life perspective and your attitudes. This deserves a10/10.(Be prepared for my longest review ever. This game deserves it.)Review for Episode 1The game starts slowly, as intended. Presenting the characters slowly and showing you the people and the place. And suddenly, “a wild rushing crazy moment appears”. You need to think fast to figure what to do next. When you do it and pass that moment, BAM! You feel a bit of mystery right in your face. Then, you’re back to earth and when it seems that nothing can go wrong, you see that you got yourself in a moment of taking a decision. You may think that it’s not that important, but believe me: it is. If you want to play the whole game, every decision counts. This episode has happy moments, sad moments, crazy moments, important moments, … You will see the importance of this moments later. In fact, at the next episode you will start to see the consequences. That’s why I love this game so much. And if you already bought it and you liked this episode, you will love the next one. Well, I see that this review is going to be long. :-) I give this episode a 9/10.Review for Episode 2I enjoyed this episode more than I did the first. In this episode you will already see some impact of the choices you made before.It has the hardest decision I had to make in any game of this kind: choosing between aBacon omeletteorBelgian wafflesfor breakfast.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)There's some stuff about this episode that some players may find cheesy. But the climax was really moving and thrilling. It will make you care about a character, trust me. That sequence takes its emotion/feels hammer and hits you like a train. Like I said before in this review, in my gaming life only a few games made me tear up a bit. But this gave me the most mixed feelings. They absolutely nailed it with this ending. You won’t feel a thing if you are as sensitive as a brick. You will feel the emotions I’m trying to explain, especially if you have, like me, some closest friend that has been in a similar situation. You will get to what I’m saying when you play this episode. I give this a 10/10.Review for Episode 3In this episode you will have, one more time, one of the hardest decision to make: choose betweenPancakesandEggs and bacon.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This episode has more definition of the characters, the story gets deeper and it helps to better understand what happens around you. There’s no real puzzles in this episode, but you will have your time to do a “small exploring” and making some important decisions. Some of them will have a huge impact on the next episodes, and I believe some will have impact in a season 2, too (season 2 HYPE!!!). You will have a real definition of what Max is capable of with her powers. And that will lead you to the ending of this episode: a heart-wrenching moment where you will be asking: “What have I done…?”. I give it a 9/10.Review for Episode 4Have you ever felt hopeless or angry and sad at the same time or guilty of something really bad? If you haven’t, this episode will make you learn it. The way this episode starts (including the end of episode 3) and the way it goes it’s so sad that it made me cr…… *cough* sweat from my eyeballs. Then ninjas came and made everything worse with their onions. This game really knows how to get you in the feelings’ train. Well, moving on. This episode has a really tricky puzzle. But it gets way easier if you explore every time you can. Explore everything. Even the smallest detail or object can help you figuring the puzzle quicker and developing the character and what you know about them. The story will be developing well. And the ending of this episode… Oh my! What an end! Some people may have some clues about it when it became near(because of the characters involved and the way how they talk and the tone of their voices), but for me it was a total surprise. This deserves a 10/10.Review for Episode 5This episode is the best of them all, in my opinion. It will put you and your previous actions/feelings to the test. In the previous episodes you only talk and make small choices, for example: choosing who’s side you will pick. Episode 4 already start to test your choices but it’s in this fifth episode that you will have the real test: “Episode 5's final choice asks you to put your actions where your mouth is”. It will be really hard to choose (unless you’re a “cold ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥” and choose in 2 seconds) because you lose either way. Like some comment I read somewhere: “that ending made both seasons of The Walking Dead look like comedies by comparison”. I had to pause to think about that final decision, and I did it for a long time.And now, after playing the whole game again, I need to ride ""a shark with two hundred and fifty pounds of dynamite strapped to my chest into the mouth of an active volcano"" while holding two grenades with my hands to feel manly again. My rating: 10/10.TL;DRThis game kind of has a perfect combination of all this: good graphics, good story and plot, good characters, good puzzles, amazing soundtrack and voice acting.As I posted before, if you like games where your smallest decision can have a huge impact later and you can feel the same as the main character, then this game is for you.This game is a masterpiece from Square Enix and DONTNOD Entertainment. It may change your life perspective and your attitudes. This deserves a10/10.And we need season 2, please. :-)"
,Recommended,319630,17558090,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,andzie,One of the most touching and immersive games I've ever played
76561198118290218,Recommended,319630,16639060,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GsusOnyxJ,"This game byfar is superb. With detail packed into every interweb page and inot each student your approaches to each obstacle dont have to change with each gameplay like in most titles. You can be the butt-head in your first and be able to say ""man that was unsatisfying, let me be hte heroine"". Only one tiny quarrel that can be over looked is the mouth synchronization when characters are talking.5 out of 5 and 95/100"
,Recommended,319630,16683995,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,_-Aaron-_,"An amazing, beautiful and tragic game, all at the same time, every choice really does matter, and please if you hav'nt already, don't watch any gameplays, and spoiler videos , and truely enjoy the game for what it is with no prior knowladge, now, stop looking at the review, and buy it !"
,Recommended,319630,17357906,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ĀĪŪĒŌ,Killing plants by drowning them10/10
,Recommended,319630,17375006,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Millimeter Peter,"Each episodeEpisode 1 - OK, this seems pretty coolEpisode 2 - Woah, what the ♥♥♥♥.Episode 3 - WHAT IN THE ♥♥♥♥ JUST HAPPENEDEpisode 4 - *contemplates life and the existence of everything*(Possibly) Episode 5 - Max just getting tortured for half of it while i want to bash in McAngerDick and Mr. Mc♥♥♥♥erson11/10 would hate life again"
,Recommended,319630,25377511,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,F r e e Y o u r M i n d,I named my profile after this game...
,Recommended,319630,24737946,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rigboogle,DAVID WATCH OUTDAVID WATCH OUTDAVID WATCH OUTDAVID WATCH OUTDAVID WATCH OUT
76561197994049547,Recommended,319630,24682455,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BlackBird,"Absolutely amazing game.  The first chapter starts with a nice smooth lead-in to the main action.  One thing is for sure, this chapter and the choices you make will have MAJOR repurcussions in the later chapters.For me, the mouse control was broken (the drag-to-activate mechanic did not work, at all).  So I was forced to use a gamepad, which worked really well.  That said, I'd have liked to have the mouse/keyboard option working properly.I won't dock any points for that overall though, since the game is truly excellent.  Looking forward to watching friends play thru when they visit."
,Recommended,319630,24595566,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Me4502,"I absolutely love this game. I wasn't sure about it going in, but it's amazing. It's the only game that I've wanted to finish quickly so I can replay it...But in all seriousness, give it a try - Episode 1 is free. And it becomes more than just a high school girl's problems.Edit:After actually finishing the game... This game is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,319630,25479226,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,thanaka,"just listening to the soundtrack gave me feelsfeels/10 would feel againIf I am to be serious, though, I want to mention the portrayal of religious characters in the game: it's interesting how a secular environment and/or majority can cause trouble for religious individuals. Hence, one thing I learned from watching a high school experience from a third-person perspective is the real meaning of ""respect goes both ways""."
76561198115453230,Recommended,319630,24909522,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JoeThaBoss,When you spend more time finding out how to drop the bucket on ♥♥♥♥♥toria than playing the rest of episode one....Classic!
,Recommended,319630,24892563,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Naffard,"TL;DR If you love story games buy it right now, you won't regret it.I’m writing this review right after I have completed the game and all the emotions are still fresh in my mind. Life is strange could be categorized right in between Bioshock Infinite, Beyond Two Souls, a John Green book, and Donnie Darko, but I’m not sure that does it justice. Life is Strange has a bit of a reputation, or at least it did for me before I played it, of being a “commentary” game, meaning something that focuses more on its message than the game itself. That could not be farther from the truth.This game is rich with characters that you will no doubt care immensely for by the end of the game. That is the key to a good story based, choice matters, game. If you don't care about the characters your choices would not feel impactful, but in this game I found it hard not to look up outcomes because I couldn't stand to see certain characters be hurt by my choices.Life is Strange made me make some of the hardest decisions I even have made in a game, but that is not the only part of this game that is done incredibly well. The gameplay (for as much as there is, this game is a glorified choose your own adventure) is incredibly innovative. Without spoiling much, the game lets you navigate interactions with other characters with a power the protagonist has. It’s hard to express exactly how cool and new this mechanic is without spoiling much but trust me, it will have you playing other story games and wishing this was in all of them.The game isn't perfect. Some characters can tend to be a little bit of stereotypes of “Nerds” or “XD” but as the game goes on most of them are developed to the point where it isn't a bother. Sometimes the animations can be a little robotic and I had what should have been a fairly emotional scene tainted by a character's mouth animation not working. Life is Strange does have a tendency to be a very positive, optimistic, game, which doesn't sound like a negative but if you are the kind of negative, pessimist kind of person that could get pretty annoying for you.If you like story centric games and don't mind, or can get over, some of the characters being “quirky” and “geeky” then I don't think there is a game I could recommend more than Life is Strange. This game tore me apart and put me back together better than I was before. The games that have that kind of power are too few and far between to pass on."
,Recommended,319630,24502916,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Albedo,Its interesting. I enjoyed exploring the possibility of trying out all the outcomes before deciding which ones I sticking with till the very end without the need to redoing it all over again.Chloe is a ♥♥♥♥♥ though.Scratch that.Everyone is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to you.Except for Warren.Warren is cool dork.
,Recommended,319630,24541638,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cobalt Blues,"So far, I've only played the first episode. But god dammit this game is good. Everything, from the story to the characters, to even the atmosphere. Everything makes me feel right at home. This game is well worth the download, and hopefully the purchase."
76561198047863394,Recommended,319630,24546644,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Malay Cray,"Buy it now, while it's on sale! This work of art is fantastic. Everything a game should be that involves player driven choice."
,Recommended,319630,24679997,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MeltyGoblin,"I'm a manly man. I enjoy guns, camping, chopping wood, driving fast cars, and ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es. This game made me cry."
,Recommended,319630,24862219,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,KamiSama888,"Episode one is amazing the story's really interesting im looking foward to this game- the story is kinnda complicated- it is exciting, kind of depressing an some tragic- the graphic is amazing- the plot is awesome"
,Recommended,319630,24724697,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Gottfried Hartmann,awesome graphic and great story line . this game is perfect
76561198125461331,Recommended,319630,15310695,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Gazaht,"Good story, would love to play it again and see everything differently.Do you like trains?"
,Recommended,319630,25342185,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pathom,There is one fatal flaw in playing episode one for free. i dont fully understand it though because after episode 1 £16 just disapeared from my bank account. but honestly its an awesome game. you seriously have no reason to not play it.
,Recommended,319630,25356891,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ekuly,Drowned a Plant then Cried.10/10Couldn't recommend more.
76561198067874940,Recommended,319630,25392820,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,CAMIKAZE78 @ YouTube,"Life is Strange is anemotion crushing gamestory driven masterpiece that makes the player constantly question the ratio of selflessness and selfishness. Thestrums on the heartstringsperfect indie soundtrack captures the vibe, and the rewind power allows you toundo any ♥♥♥♥upsexplore the variety of ways the game's storyline can carry out.10/10, would mess with my emotions again."
,Recommended,319630,25201319,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,sararicci,nice. very gay. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,24586294,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kodak Tri-X 400,DAMN ARCADIA BAY!!!!
,Recommended,319630,21708046,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MischiefManaged,"At first I thought, oh this is cool, a girl that can travel back in time.  Tried to get her the guy, save a few lives, become an expert phtographer and try to find a missing girl.  Survive high school. Simple right?Well, guess what? Game says no.This has the most amazing soundtrack, the most brilliant characters and story development that I have seen in a choice based game.  I was consistently second guessing myself, and very few games have the power to make me have to pause and walk away, because of the emotional impact.  In fact, only three have, The Walking Dead, AC Revelations (because, well, Ezio) and Life is Strange!Starts of simple, then becomes heart wrenching.  In fact - I'm still trying to find  a game that matches this one.If you like a story rich game, one with a phenomenal soundtrack, a game that sucks you in and emotionally ruins you?  Look no further.. (but seriously, it's incredible)"
,Recommended,319630,24990558,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,PxZ,I cried. 10/10.
,Recommended,319630,24582280,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CAIT LIKES HARD DICK,i killed everyone i could
,Recommended,319630,24468945,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nautr,Beautiful! :D
76561198145983481,Recommended,319630,24475449,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,King_Icarus,"Amazing start to what's looking to be a great game, too bad I already paid like $2 for it before it became free.Still, can't be too upset because I did enjoy it."
76561198069418367,Recommended,319630,25765187,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Animam,A masterpiece in storytelling and player involvement. Nothing else to add.
76561198024260380,Recommended,319630,25188179,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mattlantis,"Finally, I'm an elite gamer.I mean, regardless of what kind of hardware you have, this game always runs on Max.(Sorry, Internet, I had to.)"
,Recommended,319630,25006441,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,spook7234,This game will make you feel empty inside whenever you finish an episode. I just finished episode 3 and so far its one of my favorite games of all time.I would highly recommend this game to anyone regardless of what their personality or view are like.
76561198277067198,Recommended,319630,25816679,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,606,Mental aerobics and feels train.
,Recommended,319630,25787799,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,=EBS= Arnie,The story grabbed me by the shoulders then continued to beat me up right in the feels :(
76561198162375578,Recommended,319630,25799001,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,"4:53 AM,Detroit,Michigan","This game is a masterpiece, it shows secret life of American teenagers, I'm starting to remember my school life hell, it was like a game picture, but unfortunately I didn't have the gift to change the time (10 of 10)"
76561198103351817,Recommended,319630,32137290,Posted: 2 June,all,WhySoGood,"If you wanna read a review. Hella of one is coming. Nerd alert. Its a bit long... Im not gonna type anything as a pro or con coz it may depend on what you think.- Repeatablity(i know my grammer sucks) (they even have a in-game mode named collectable mode or smt to actually collect everything you missed)- Game has aweeeeesome soundtracks like really really drags you into the game and story.- Gameplay: It doesnt require much buttons. It can be played with a controller. Almost none reflexes or anything needed. Character sometimes moves a bit clumsy but other than that, no big bugs or anything breaking the game. I loved the way we can simply press esc to stop the game in anywhere. Its a small detail but it helps a lot, you feel me, you dont have this luxury on every game.- Choices you can make. Well some of them is logically easy, some of them mentally, but every of them count. Not like all city burns down if you dont help a character(my grammer really sucks) but it really does change little details.- Well game has lots of details. If you dont like them, you can ignore them and keep going like pressing W and moving forward. But every article, every photo, every page in a newspaper, every element of anyone's anything from cloths to furniture tells you the story. Tellin you something to make you feel like 'in the game.'- Characters are kinda real. They dont have uber amount of people for a school for you to any of them mean anything. That's good. You can investigate how a character wears, acts, eats and stuff to give him/her right answers to put yourself out of trouble or vice versa.- Story: I dont know what you manga hippis or Gossip Girl watchers expecting a game to have a story. But hell yeah im impressed. You may think of different endings, way throughs, beginnings. But if you look at it as a whole package. I believe its a good one. A hella one.- Design: What's almost best it game's design. I mean its like a movie. They designed the way like seasons. It even has previously on Life is Strange. Musics, things, like 3Ds drawing enviroment. Everything makes it in a way between a marvel movie to your best anime (whatever it is). Won't you even gonna believe everything in the game is HAND-DRAWING.- Drama. Hell yeah. There's lot of drama in this game. There was like 2 moments for me to feel like my eyes are burning, my throat was you know. I was almost crying. Considering I cry once in every 20 years, it was a good try. Actually the voice-actors cried multiple times while they are doing the you know voice acting. Story and everything drives you into something like you actually feelin like, I should save X, I should help Y, If im Z i would act like this. And when things get dicey you feel as bad as god damn Z felt. YOU ALMOST GOT ME CRIED AS-SHOLES- Lesson: Well its a hard lesson to take. Like when you even think you have choices to change things in life sometimes you just cant. No matter what you try to do, every choice you make has a up side and a down side. You cant make everyone happy in life. Its a really good life lesson to take actually.* Note: They are giving a free directors commentary. Which I checked. Its like screamin out we tried so hard on this, we tried something great for you. We did almost everything for you to like,play,love. Checking it out really impressed me. To see what they tried to achieve, I actually have to thank them, I never played a game like this.- Final bulls*hit: You better give this game a try man. It doesnt require any gaming skills almost. It doesnt require a good pc, it doesnt require anything but your time. Spare some of your gaming time, if your regretin? Just ask your money back. I felt many 'firsts' into this game. Considering im playng game almost for 18 years by now.  Its something kiddos. Thanks everyone who has helped this game to be produced and of course everyone who read this all sh*it. Your a total geek if you come all dis way down ♥♥♥♥♥. You better play this xoxo.no pun intented. none taken."
,Recommended,319630,24634437,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,wirefr4me,Hella depressing.
,Recommended,319630,32121707,Posted: 1 June,all,Mr. Bulldops,"This game, woah, what do I say? It really takes you by surprise, and it's such a wonderful story and just very thoughtful and engaging. I had a good time playing it, and have never played anything quite like it. If you like cerebral stories that make you feel something, you'll enjoy this one -- in a lot of ways it's a walking sim, but it's just fantastic in the same way Firewatch is without having to do much more than tell a story.I totally reccommend it, especially if you get all five episodes for cheap.And hey, the first one is free!!! So try it out :3"
76561198067815217,Recommended,319630,32206909,Posted: 5 June,all,Ichiyo_san,"Ended up playing this game with a friend on their account, and this game is so amazing :3 The story was so good that'll it'll make you cry. This is, by far, the best story telling game I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,319630,19754094,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,sounds weirdly specific but ok,I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS
76561198128026686,Recommended,319630,32378730,Posted: 12 June,all,Red267,10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,32378895,Posted: 12 June,all,BaaMzS,TellTale can go suck my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198160244534,Recommended,319630,18579282,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SatsuZaku,I can say with complete confidence that this is the best game that I have ever played.
,Recommended,319630,18579520,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,vbarreiro,"I am a fan of story-driven games, as well as an author. I loved the way the stories were handled, to the point that I think Telltale should start taking lessons from Square Enix. One particular moment in chapter 2 touched me like nothing I had seen before (and this is an opinion shared by many gamers). The current twist was seen coming by, at MOST, 7% of the game's players (although I don't think even 1% knew it beforehand), which I can highly praise. Actually, I have nothing BUT praise for this game, so I strongly reccomend it.UPDATE: Since I wrote this, the finale came out. Three hours ago, in fact. And it kept me pplaying, even when I know I'll have to wake up in three hours. I have to be careful not to wake up my brothers with all the typing, so I'll be brief: if you have the time for it (Took me and my brother, on separate playthroughs, around 40 hours), BUY IT. If you can appreciate masterfully crafted pieces of art, BUY IT NOW. If you, like me, live for the stories, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR PRESS ADD TO CART AND START CHOOSING YOUR PAYMENT METHOD. For the 20+ hours I've seen from this game, only a space of 15 seconds felt forced, a new high-score for good writing.In short, and I do dare to say this: Telltale, take your notepad out. Your teacher is speaking, and better listen, because this will be on the test."
,Recommended,319630,28581456,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,koovalix,"Took me 20 hours to finish.Episode 1 : Awesome startingEpisode 2 : Love itEpisode 3 : BIG TWISTEpisode 4 : DraggingEpisode 5 : Difficult episode because it gonna ends :(I wanted this game few years back when Episode 1 wasn't free. And I totally have forgotten this game until I saw it during Autumn Sales 2016 again. The musics are great, beautiful graphics and curious storylines. After I played Episode 1 for 10 minutes I totally hooked up with it. LIS has no right or wrong answer. Just like real life when comes to making decision. You don't know what gonna happens right. Sometimes i hate myself of making bad choice in this game. Well, life must move on regardless what choice you make.Life is Stranger 8.5/10I've nominated LIS for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" Steam Award 2016!"
,Recommended,319630,30192990,Posted: 26 February,all,Katie,"Two words: buy. this.Great story. Great atmosphere. Great music. Great game.I know that a lot of people complain about the characters being too plain and cliche in the beginning of the game. But that really is not true anymore as the game progresses on. Nobody is really who they seem to be at first sight. Literally every character has a very good reason for you to hate them, but in the end you will probably love them instead.If you buy this game, be prepared to feel as though you are actually living through craziest week of your life...""Wherever I end up after this... in whatever reality... all those moments between us were real, and they'll always be ours."""
76561198028556617,Recommended,319630,19321395,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,mmmu,"A storydriven adventure game with a truckload of emotional punch. An absolutely amazing story with a great cast of varied characters. If you enjoy good stories, you owe it to yourself to experience Life Is Strange. I could write this and that but why bother, just go play it."
,Recommended,319630,25597464,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,.:NiCk(-_-)FuRy:.,Difficult choices that actually matter. That's what you play games like this for.
76561197987082336,Recommended,319630,25714606,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Darth Kvasir,"This is a review for Life is Stange  compleate Season (Episodes 1-5)This game is fantastic!!! Wow! what an amazing journey it takes you on! This game is a narritive adventure game which allows you to make choices which effects the outcome of the game. Based on the choices you make, you will have a different experience then others. If you have played any of the Telltale games it works in the same way as them.The story is based in a small town in oregon, where an 18 year old girl attends a small High School well knowen for a focus in photography, and ends up finding out she can rewind time. The game focus's on the unique mechanics around photography, and the time rewinding.I would reccomend this game to everyone! it has an amazing story with charicures which you become attached to and an amazing story which keeps you motivated from start to finish!Pick up this game and play it!10/10"
,Recommended,319630,24570339,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ki†ch,It's so good... must play
76561198061466215,Recommended,319630,24573959,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Hunter,"♥♥♥♥ this game, too much feels"
76561198204979064,Recommended,319630,24581598,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Deagle Of B.J.K.,Perfect game perfect story. If I had money I would buy the rest of the episodes. Great game great fun. Thanks to creators. Keep it like this.
,Recommended,319630,24583060,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,E T H A N,In my opinion one of my favourite beginning of a game
76561197969880570,Recommended,319630,24963364,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tater Tots,A really easy game to recommend. What can I say that hasn't already been said by others? It's simply a class act in virtual storytelling. Totally worth your time and money.
,Recommended,319630,25097729,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,General Staal,"The feelings you get after finishing this game and the power Max has, have one thing in common: Nobody asked for it.There are multiple endings to this game. Try all of them."
,Recommended,319630,24831049,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TBoR,"I'm shaking, crying and laughing at once, this game is so wonderfull.U have to give it a try :)"
,Recommended,319630,24834355,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TT,"After a 14 hour binge I learned three thingsTime is irrevelant, what you do in time is everything.I know nothing.I dont know who I am anymore.10/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,319630,24703859,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mitchel,"Well, where do I startA free trial I saw for the game and I was like, 'FREE, HELL YEA' and I played it.The game has depth, many, many, many layers that yourself or Maxine (your playable character) get to chose like whether you save a bird (which I didnt) or Throw a bone into the car park because throwing it into the road was absoutely stupid. Monologue was amazing, gets you involved. The choices make you think beyond the fact and sometimes you chose something you extremely regret. Once you play the free version, you want more.Lets be real here. WHAT A GAME9/10#HarambeMovement"
,Recommended,319630,24800230,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Offmylawn,"Amazing story based games in this day and age aren't hard to come by and Life Is Strange is no exception. It's been a long time since a game has truly drawn me in to the point of playing it non stop until I finished it, and I appreciate the fact that Life Is Strange had the ability to do so.If you're on the fence about buying this game, quit hesitating and buy a game that will make you feel more emotions than your grandmother getting a job at a strip club."
76561198039369989,Recommended,319630,24742280,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bananenbär,This game is one of a kind. Thank you.
,Recommended,319630,29061467,Posted: 6 January,all,Trampojunk,"Awsome game that plays like a book (even though I hate reading). It was an awsome story with yourself as main character. If on sale for $10 or less, I would recommend every1 this game. Timewise each chapter took 2-4 hours, times 5 chapters, so a lot of content as well."
,Recommended,319630,29188317,Posted: 11 January,all,Everett_Young,"Review after all 5 episodes:This game is NOT like Telltale games. This is much better and different. Your decisions here actually change things, its not only illusion. You need to take time and be in right mood for this game.Plus:+ Story development+ Atmosphere+ Characters (they are mostly not one-dimensional)+ Max herself+ Soundtrack is fitting for this game+ Monty Python in chapter 5!+ Choices+ Criticism of social problemsCons:- Voice acting for some characters is weak- Bad lip synch with voice, when characters speaks their mouth is not moving- Too much teen-age drama sometimesFinal verdict: I do recommend this game if you are interested in choice-based story games. In this game quality is on first place and developers acually cared about it."
76561198015936998,Recommended,319630,28983481,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr. 49,The hardest thing to do is let go of someone you love. Only salvation is to remember and I will remember you both Maxine and Chloe as you are my friends for life.
76561198009881513,Recommended,319630,28990302,Posted: 3 January,all,impols,"10/10Next thing I wanted to do, is to find another game like this.and to whtch the butter fly affect."
,Recommended,319630,29080001,Posted: 6 January,all,Skrimes,"Prepare tissues. The weight of the final decision is too much for me too handle personally. Didn't think a game could have such an emotional effect on the player, I have never felt this way about any form of fictional media. I need to play some DOOM to get this game out of my head 😂😂"
,Recommended,319630,29080324,Posted: 6 January,all,africanspacejesus,"Atmospheric, story driven adventure that will keep you hooked.This is one of the best games I have played. The story is gripping with mystery and drama. The soundtrack is out of this world. And the atmosphere is recreated very well. The characters are three dimensional with each having their own flaws and goodness, which are revealed through natural interactions and conversations. Since each action you take have consequences in the game, you are sometimes left to wonder what would happen if you made a different choice in a situation which adds to the tense storytelling aspect of the game. The only gripe I have is about the graphics and lip synching. Although the game looks gorgeous, texture quality is not up to par. Animations are smooth but as I said before, lip synching leaves a lot to be desired. But if graphics is not that important to you as the gameplay is, you would definitly enjoy this game. I would give this 9.5/10"
,Recommended,319630,29081461,Posted: 7 January,all,ArtAkuma,this is one of the best games i have ever played. i've felt for the people in this game and when i played it i truely felt like the things i picked have impacted the story and people in the story. i even ended up crying about 4 times when i played this game. its was throwing my emotions around like a old sock. in a good way. if i would have known about this game when it first came out i would have picked it up as soon as it came out. this game is so worth the price tag. this game is amazing
,Recommended,319630,27450226,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YrraL,Best game ever
,Recommended,319630,29442829,Posted: 23 January,all,✪ Toast-E,Two words to describe this game: Hella amazing.
,Recommended,319630,32271474,Posted: 8 June,all,ResidentSleeper,10/10Cry a lot
,Recommended,319630,26042312,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,✯skidd2k✯,No wonder this game is an award winner :D
76561198055690415,Recommended,319630,31987299,Posted: 26 May,all,Potatokin,"This is the first time I've written a review for a game where I felt ambivalent about the game as a whole. Not as to individual parts, but overall I cannot bring myself to love or hate this game. Burning lukewarmness, and a lack of anything productive to do otherwise, drove me to write a review. Bear with me, I guess. (Don't get me wrong, I really loved the story: on the story alone, I would suggest this.)Storywise, I enjoyed myself. Life is Strange centers around a few interesting themes and tackles them in a praiseworthy manner. Photography plays a big role in the life of the main character, Max Caufield, and they implement it effectively throughout the story. Max photographs many things, but prefers to stay behind the camera as opposed to in front, most of the time. Speaking of time, Max can control that thing, hence the title.The very beginning of the game has you saving your friend from a bullet, using your newfound superpower to save your childhood friend Chloe from being shot in your high school bathroom by Nathan Prescott. Max and Chloe reunite, and the development of their relationship, and Max's power, is another important story-point. Their relationship, as well as the optional interactions with other students, faculty and staff at the school, and a few characters outside the school grounds, are very well written and certainly engrossing for anyone who is a fan of stories in video games. Each character feels like an individual, not a mannequin, the voice acting is often good, and most characters are interesting... or creepy.The other main plot point: why was Nathan trying to shoot Chloe? Chloe, Max learns, is investigating the disappearance of her best friend Rachel Amber. The police have found little evidence, and there isn't much to go on, but Chloe suspects Nathan Prescott is involved, if only they can prove it. Using Max's power as a game/story mechanic to reverse mistakes and undo decisions, you try to find Chloe... BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!!!! Because the story is best experienced by playing the game, I'll move on to the gameplay.The gameplay integrates with the story by allowing you to reverse decisions using your time-control ability. Dissatisfied with someone's answer? Rewind, and try again. Realized too late you could have helped Alyssa avoid a terribly embarassing accident? Rewind, and move her out of harm's way. This allows you to minorly change the story most of the time, but not every single time. Choices like helping Alyssa avoid a mishap are recorded: at the end of the episode, you'll see statistics telling you who chose what, which statistics were often surprising. But those are small decisions, which only affect insignificant parts of the story. If you help Alyssa, for example, maybe she can help you later, or not. This simply means you have multiple ways of solving puzzles.Then there are the big decisions, most of which are plot relevant and spoiler ridden. So like, the difference between safely docking the boat or running it into a rock and killing dozens of people (which is not a deicision you have to make, but some of your choices are of similar import). Using Max's power and the player's deductive reasoning, you slowly work your way towards discovering what exactly happened to Rachel Amber, Chloe's missing friend, along the way (un)making choices which might ruin or save lives.So why my ambivalence? I was sincerely infatuated with the story and characters. I made decisions I most certainly regretted, sometimes going against what I believe I would have done, if put in a similar situation, and I made choices I liked, but the outcome was regrettable. That part was fine. However, as with most games which promise 'game-altering choices', Life is Strange fails to deliver. As I said earlier: Saved Alyssa? Alyssa will help you now. Sure the dialogue might change, and you are annihilating friendships or building trust with a supposed enemy as you go along, and this certainly changes your perception of the story and characters therein, but that's sum total of my experience. Much like Until Dawn (another game I really enjoyed), you are riding a train toward your predetermined destination. You can choose to look out the window to your left, or the window to your right, but you end up in the same place. Admittedly, there is more than one ending. Even so, the sum total of all your decisions is 0. Look out the left or right window and pick your preferred ending.Quite literally, you pick between two endings. At the end of the game. This destroyed any desire I had to replay the game.  And, up until THE END, I had every intention of replaying the game to shoot at different targets, make different friends and enemies, try for a different outcome or some such nonsense. I didn't expect as many endings as Silent Hill, maybe, but any concept of 'choices have consequences' went out the window in the last five minutes. Once my wish to replay the game died, I became ambivalent. I found the story satisfied me, though I can understand why some people didn't like it as much as I did. As I do, I should say.The story satisfied me, as it ended at a very logical conclusion. Would I have liked a different ending? Absolutely, but that's why I didn't write this story. What disappointed me was the lie I was fed about consequences. Nothing I did mattered in any significant way as pertains to the outcome. I would only recommend Life is Strange based on the story as a singular narrative, with no real replay value. Of course, that's just my opinion, and I'm sure many people have run through the game and befriended so-and-so while being mean to what's-her-face, but I felt no need to do that."
,Recommended,319630,24880857,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,yafeli,Thank you for this amazing and unique experience.Im speechless...
,Recommended,319630,26165721,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Chella ♛,"Such a good game, great story"
76561198181745821,Recommended,319630,20208941,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Danners,"This game is honestly one of my favorites, though having many bugs in it. It's a very breathtaking game. It's a strange concept in the game, and it's fun with it's choices. I recommend this game for anyone who wants a game full of mystery."
,Recommended,319630,15278199,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DiMenezes,"I've played up to episode 4 and it's safe to say this game is a gem.I won't go much into detail as I think these kind of games are best experienced, so I'll avoid spoilinganything but in short, this is an Adventure style game.You are a young girl, living your daily life until you discover you just adquired the power to reverse time. Slowly with this new adquired power you start to wonder about the consequences of your actions and how you can change them.Like most adventures, this game is a relaxing one even if you have some impactful moments you can just relax and enojoy the story at your own pace.Update:Now that more episodes are out I can add to my impressions of the game and thankfully my feelings towards this game just keep getting better and better.It's good to see your decisions really have an impact in the game and how the story unfolds. Another nice think to add is that the story has some really dark and sad moments but they are all well presented so they feel natural to the plot and not forced in any way.I highly to any fan of the adventure genre or a fan of stories in general."
,Recommended,319630,24540560,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blades,"My transition from a hot, muscle-bound Puerto Rican nightclub bouncer to a slim, sexy teenage girl from America was truly overwhelming but very rewarding. Thank you, Square Enid."
76561198118007704,Recommended,319630,24540423,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Afiyat Pearce,"As my first ever experience in interactive-game, this is just amazing! especially about the story. Playing this game is more than interresting, feels like dragged deeply into its atmosphere with full of emotions. I really fall in love with Max at the first sight lol."
,Recommended,319630,26600693,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,darthjoe229,"Absolutely one of the best games I've played in years.  The story and characters are amazing, the mechanics are interesting, and the soundtrack is incredible.  I wish I could experience it again and again.  Not very high replay value, but good for 2-3 playthroughs if you're a completionist."
76561198098110774,Recommended,319630,28187129,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,An Able-Bodied Black Man,This is really an experience
,Recommended,319630,25882939,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Alpacalypse,F***ing Loved it!
76561198260916271,Recommended,319630,32619379,Posted: 21 June,all,LisaWesley,Awesome game
,Recommended,319630,16971681,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jason,"This game has absolutely blown me away.The storyline is developed, complex, yet simple enough that it's easy to follow. There's tons of small details in the game that really add to the whole feel and environment. The graphics and lip-syncing may not be the best, but it's completely forgotten by how attached you feel to the storyline. The game is driven by choice, and it gives you many options. Every conversation has options, and unlike TellTale Games, you can go back and see what the other outcomes are, and even change the ""true"" outcome by visiting a few others and taking that information back with you. The rewind mechanic is well done, and amazingly well implemented. I highly reccommend the game, and if you do play, you should most certainly play with headhones, because you might miss small audio tidbits that really add to the atmosphere.10/10 would buy again in a heartbeat."
76561198082133339,Recommended,319630,17083517,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"Life is Strange is now one of my favourite games ever created. It is a beautiful game, with a n incredible, mesmerizing story full of emotion. The gameplay is wonderfully interactive and unique, with characters you will love, and a soundtrack that pefectly fits the games emotional and tranquil personality. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,16979048,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SacoDeBoxeo,best of the best
,Recommended,319630,28832874,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Official Iaterb1tch,"So,this game?My new favourite :D"
,Recommended,319630,28891071,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Drag0n 龙,This game
,Recommended,319630,28968705,Posted: 2 January,all,Hello world,This game is wonderful!!!
,Recommended,319630,29098532,Posted: 7 January,all,Dead Taco,I. Need. More.
,Recommended,319630,29103795,Posted: 7 January,all,[FJT] Gordon.F,What more is there to say after completing the game. I cannot get rid of these onions. A standing ovation to the game devs. Would recommend this game to anyone.
76561198355483390,Recommended,319630,29115955,Posted: 8 January,all,freystevs,"Hands down the best game I have ever played. I have recommended this game to countless friends and family because I believe that everybody should at least play this game once. The story is brilliantly done, something that will stay in player's minds well after they've completed all five episodes. I have never felt so connected to a game or its characters before, making the ending even more emotional. I put off playing this game for almost a year, skipping past it while scrolling through Steam mainly because of the graphics and price (I am one to judge a book by its cover) but I went out on a limb and purchased it during the sale, while telling myself that if it sucked it didn't matter because it was about six bucks. Best decision I have ever made! There's not a single dull moment in this game and I honestly never got bored, even when the dialogue was extensive. All characters are deeply developed and unique. You can explore every tiny detail of your surroundings. It explores the butterfly/chaos theory beautifully. I could go on and on and on praising Life Is Strange, but that's all folks. PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,319630,29137102,Posted: 9 January,all,陆航（Ciri）,Life is Strange.生活真奇妙。Strongly recommended.强烈推荐。PS：Players of this game are really...PUNK. 81% of them chose to kiss their best girlfriend while playing as a girl...另：玩这款游戏的玩家真的是很……朋克啊。81%的人居然在扮演一个女孩纸的时候选择亲吻了他们最要好的女性朋友……
,Recommended,319630,27774574,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ThatLonelyGamer,"Nominated for the  ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award."
,Recommended,319630,28188926,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Belenfor,"Muistan kun katoin tästä videota youtubessa. En jaksanut katsoa enempää koska peli näytti huonolta. Kuinka väärässä mä oikeesti olinkaan. Anyway, latasin ensimmäisen episodin koska se oli ilmainen ja halusin testata peliä.Pelissä on kaunis grafiikka, ihana soundtrack, mielenkiintoinen (ja oikeesti hyvä) juoni sekä pituutta ihan mukavasti. Peli onnistuu välillä herättämään aika isojakin tunteita, se on hyvän pelin merkki. Pelasin pelin noin kahdessa päivässä läpi. Erittäin hyvä peli pitkästä aikaa, vei täysin mukanaan. Tiedän että kaikki pelaajat ei tykkää tämänlaisista peleistä ja voivat sanoa tätä tylsäksi tai huonoksi kuten minä ensin. Mutta antakaa tälle pelille mahdollisuus.Jään odottamaan toista seasonia. Musta oli kiva tutkia paikkoja ja kuunnella päähenkilön ajatuksia. Jossain vaiheessa pelaajan ja pelihahmojen välille muodostuu erikoinen suhde, eikä halua että he kuolevat omien tyhmien valintojen takia. Pelillä on myös läpipeluu arvoa sen verran että pystyy pelata useamman kerran läpi. Jokainen joka tykkää telltale gamesin peleistä, kannattaa ehdottomasti hankkia tämä."
,Recommended,319630,28190655,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,valkyrassassin,"Life Is Strange is a thought-provoking and very intense experience that will make you question yourself and your decisions over and over again. It's guaranteed that you will become attached to the characters, and that you will experience alot of emotions, and like every other reviewer of this game, I can guarantee that you'd be glad you got this game."
76561198065582455,Recommended,319630,28396140,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SoundWolfie,"I love this game, im gonna buy all episodes.....this made me cri alot and its 00:49 XD, the music was sad and perfect) :.D"
,Recommended,319630,28225634,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Foe,"Wow...all the feels.  Amazing game, enough said.  Get the tissues out before you start."
,Recommended,319630,26039844,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sigbjorn,Yes.Its one of the best stories I have experienced. In the top 20. No need to exagerate and say something stupid like in my top 5.
,Recommended,319630,27883615,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,p0rtalmaster,"!emag siht teg ot etal oot reven s'tI  .drawa ""eye ym ni gnihtemos s'ereht, gniyrc ton m'I"" rof detanimoN!sleef eht em neve evag emag sihT  .yrc nem hguot sekam emag sihT...niaga dniwer dluoW 01\01"
,Recommended,319630,28085604,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Electronic Supersonic Yogurt,My Favourite Game Of All Time!
76561198007558438,Recommended,319630,27740298,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FearKillzone,"This review is for Episodes  1 to 5 as a whole,                                                                                                                               The first thing is this is not  just a game its more like a movie you have some control over. Do you Help or do nothing  its up to you how the story will end. WARNING Emotional people  if you have a big and caring HART and you play though the game slowly and Realey get in to the story you may find that some of the things that may or maynot happen hard to deal with.Thay even have a real world Life is Strange Help line that people can call for Emotional suport. But if you are a Cold Harted BadAss you will be just fine. When i first looked at the game at the store i didnot think i would like it. I was right i doint like it  I LOVE IT !!   but it is verry short i think it can be done in less then 20 hrs if you doint look for the Achievements.  I could go on about how good this game is but if you look at a bunch of the reviews that outher people  have posted well you get the point. GET THE GAME  its 75% off now"
,Recommended,319630,27898245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jay,"this game first was a joke among friends, the farther we got into it the more it got into us, is seriously once in a life time experience, hopefully just once because imagine go trought all that more than once, jeez no. but once i get my feels back i'll play again in the future."
76561197979572726,Recommended,319630,28008217,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xue Fang ツ,Brillant! I just finish for the first time the game after 20h. I've take all my time to explore and I already want to restart a new game and use different choices. That game is really blowing your mind! Loved it :D:
,Recommended,319630,25626220,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,^0PZH~Pale Horseman,"Water plant. ""This action will have consequenses."" 11/10 will water plants againone more thing will save chloe once again"
,Recommended,319630,24702091,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mybzgaming,veryy goodddd gammeeeeer
76561198137023742,Recommended,319630,23950166,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,General Sarrano,What a twist!Вот это поворот!
,Recommended,319630,24785565,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gurtec,♥♥♥♥en amazing game would recommend to anyone
76561198073993508,Recommended,319630,26152966,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ai_Rk,There are few words that can describe something like this. Something so beutiful must be experienced.
,Recommended,319630,27839407,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lord Clown,"I'm actually reviewing the entire series, It's amazing to say the least, and this is the first time i've gotten interested in a game like this. It's worth what it costs on sale and normally. I Loved it, I have no real complaints, but i want more content, Like a place to go after it all ends, I can just say, I Chose Chloe, all the time. Love and tears. I thank you for making such a game, 10/10 for what it is.  Graphics could ofcourse be improved, but it's not something that ruined any part of the game play for me.Long story short, Amazing time machine and beautiful story. What one would do for the one that person loves."
76561197962369384,Recommended,319630,28156350,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Thorgi,Only a heartless sociopath can not like this game
76561198150458362,Recommended,319630,28222333,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Officer Bae,Truly one of the greatest games ever.
76561198116917490,Recommended,319630,28226855,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jilix Geist,"Wow. Just wow. The story had me hooked by the middle of Episode 1. Look forward to Season 2 from Dontnod. Don't really want to say too much to give spoilers, but if you are looking for an engaging story and a game you won't regret buying, Life is Strange definitely fits the bill!"
,Recommended,319630,28250662,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Venom Snake,"Yep, that's a tear in my eye10/10 incredible story tellingOn a more serious note, Life Is Strange delivers one of the most impactful gaming experiences I have ever played. It's shocking to me how much this game was able to hit me where I hadn't really been hit before. Great characters, nice plot, and inventive gameplay offers something different to anyone willing to try something new."
,Recommended,319630,28115667,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,e2,Definitely worth playing! Hooks you till the end. Emotional. A bit girlish but still interesting.
76561198005397255,Recommended,319630,32616563,Posted: 21 June,all,T.O.R.I.G.A the Mighty🌴,"Made me rethink what emotions a story can evoke and touched my cold dead heart like no other media in this world.To put into perspective how I feel about this game, every story that I rated 10/10 is now 9/10 because this set the bar one rung higher than I thought possible.Milage my vary but this game is something else and since the first episode is free I think everyone should at least try it."
,Recommended,319630,28953385,Posted: 2 January,all,Smol Bob,"Pros:- Great Soundtrack- Interesting concept / gameplay- One of the best (if not THE best) stories in any game I've played- Incredible sceneries- Great puzzles- You have to think before making a choice (choices matter)Cons:- A little bit clunky controls- Boring achievmentsOverall: 9,95/10 - Would DEFINITELY recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,26212543,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TYRUMMA,This game gave me PTSD
,Recommended,319630,32908392,Posted: 27 June,all,daniel el loo6i,"My goodness, the last time i've actually teared up because of a game was The Walking Dead's 1st season.The graphics are beautiful, the story is beautiful, and the symbolism is beautiful.An absolute masterpiece."
76561198083073658,Recommended,319630,32919797,Posted: 28 June,all,brutebane554,"I can honestly say this is the best game on steam, it is an insane emotional experance that has left me feeling empty after finishing it. Come prepared to cry."
76561198241111782,Recommended,319630,32871075,Posted: 27 June,all,Ćaćinator,"Totally unrealistic game, bad guy buys a +15,000$ worth of camera gear and then buys the most cheapest lighting setup ever.:DOverall game has a good story (watch movie Butterfly effect), but sometimes I wish that Max would be less pathethic."
,Recommended,319630,28597248,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,cheer,Pretty cool! The cool thing is you can change the story whenever you want :) Its pretty nice animated and a good g^game to chill! :)
,Recommended,319630,32956910,Posted: 28 June,all,Airborne,This game made me feel like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,319630,32954869,Posted: 28 June,all,Larifari,"Life is Strange is an incredibly touching game, and although I do think tha no matter what you choose in this game, Max will make you feel bad one way or another, you do feel like you really are in their world, making these important choices. Even in real life, sometimes you make the wrong choice, feel bad and have regrets. In Life is Strange there is always this strong conflict between morality and pleasing everyone, so in that sense I think the game has portrayed this very well.Additionally to the emotional story about Max's and Chloe's friendship, the soundtrack is filled with beautiful indie songs, which make the already nostalgic and mysterious atmosphere of the game so much heavier with emotions."
,Recommended,319630,32922428,Posted: 28 June,all,RaIDeN,Absolutely love the game. Must buy!
,Recommended,319630,32902283,Posted: 27 June,all,GotWeed!?! ༼つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,I've played this game before. It is such a beautiful game overall. The story is grabbing and pulls you in so you feel everything that is going on. And the Visuals can be just as grabbing. I recommend picking up this game for sale or even full price.
,Recommended,319630,32955443,Posted: 28 June,all,Davidoo ☭ | hellcase.com,"This is my favourite game....... ♥graphic, story, gameplay, soundtrack and more.....♥♥♥ FAP FAP FAP ♥♥♥"
,Recommended,319630,32946704,Posted: 28 June,all,Infinitum,"I've played through this game two times already on a different account, and i'm gonna play through it many more times on this one. Because this is simply the greatest story game i've ever played. You can interact with almost everything, the design is beautiful thus i've made ~ 30 screenshots on my first episode and the character diversity, interaction and progression are all incredible. I'll be preodering Life Is Strange : Before The Storm aswell, i can't get enough of this franchise and i can't wait for an official DONTNOD Life Is Strange release too. Long story short, buy this game and you won't regret it."
76561198202041995,Recommended,319630,27680158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RyuuneZoldark,"This game is one of the best, truely a work of art and masterpiece. I love it. A must have game for everyone :)"
,Recommended,319630,32940930,Posted: 28 June,all,CiNnaKocH,"One of the best games I've ever played, and trust me, I've played a lot of games. If you're contemplating whether or not to get this game, just get it, you will not regret a thing.Also the game flows a lot better if you're listening to Post Malone the whole time."
76561198089855571,Recommended,319630,32950031,Posted: 28 June,all,Rainiz,Fantastic game with compelling storytelling. 10 out of 10
,Recommended,319630,32968214,Posted: 28 June,all,Linkin Park & ghost (band),MUST GET  GAME  EVERY ONE SHOULD GET IT  VERY EMOTIONAL WOULD GIVE IT10/10
76561198167399860,Recommended,319630,29643153,Posted: 1 February,all,MARIUS,"Life Is Strange is Triumph.  A rollecoster of emotions.I can't recommend this game highly enough, you have to experience it yourself.Dontnod Team has beautifully crafted piece of art."
,Recommended,319630,26025985,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cubical Wings,"Out of all  the story based games I've played, this game has to be the most intriging one I've played. I love the fact that you  can rewind time to change some of your choices, the best part is that not every choice can have a positive outcome. There are some great moments were the game pushes you to make some very hard desisions some even had me in tears (I love it when stories can do that)So if you want to go on a rollercoaster of emotions, I'd recomend this game anyday(my only complaint is the dialogue can get very cheezy at some points"
,Recommended,319630,29831267,Posted: 10 February,all,Tei,I cried.
76561198089853388,Recommended,319630,29753044,Posted: 6 February,all,Murilo Cesar Gnadt,"Just, incredible.This is where you put your money for something rewarding."
,Recommended,319630,28337933,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,babykimmy,"Simply cannot describe my passion for this game. The story is inexpressible. Emotions take over you as you're playing the game and you become so attached to the characters involved, even when something unexpected happens you still manage to feel extremely moved. I've spent quite a bit of time playing this, it's so compelling being able to see a change in the story and what the characters say/do because of the choices you make. I've just gotten 60/60 achievements as well, it's been so fun discovering what you have to do to recieve them. Utterly a 10/10 game. Beautiful scenery and quality."
,Recommended,319630,26830112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,W1re,The best story about teenagers that I've ever seen. The awesome soundtrack that you can listen to for hours. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,29047488,Posted: 5 January,all,Titan,"It’s because I didn’t water the dam plant, isn’t it!No, but in all seriousness, this game made me feel ever emotion possible. Maybe that’s exaggerating, but really, this is more than just a story. It has many scenarios and lessons that quite a few people can relate to and learn from.Though this game may have been out for quite a while now, it was probably one of the best storylines I’ve played in a long while and I would highly recommend this to anyone who love rich storylines.One recommendation when playing this game: Take your time, and don’t rush the story. Explore, chat with people and look at things… no really, there is a lot to look at. Get the most out of this game because it is not one that comes around too often, and when it’s over, you will only be wanting more.A solid 10/10, would play again."
,Recommended,319630,29115356,Posted: 8 January,all,OverLord-22,"""I'm not crying, there's something in my eyes"".10/10 - You should play this game.This game will gives you a lot of feels, a lot of tears, and a lot of choices what you think is right to do.At the first i didn't like this game, and now this game can makes me crying for decision i made."
,Recommended,319630,27046879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Surprise,"The ep. 1 it's free, so go and get it now. Trust me, you won't regret that."
,Recommended,319630,30041511,Posted: 19 February,all,Arikuzu,"As Chloeism states: Crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥will happen to you because it can and it will.Life is strange tells a story of life and what you would do if you could alter every action you make, just so that life becomes better/worse for the people around you.I marvel at this games ability to make your stop for a second just like in 'brother a tale of two sons'. This game has many wonders and sights that are so nice to see that you might just wanna take a lay back and enjoy the sights and sounds this wonderful game provides.Of course I also have cons with the minor bugs and things that happen but overall it is such a well-outthought game < (couldn't even think of a proper word for it) This game provides you with hours of story and reading that make the little nerd in me jump in excitement for the next cool event to happen. I so far have played through parts 1-3 and I of course am a little confused but it is all fine. Some things matter in this game and some things apparently don't. It's just the little things that I wished also impacted what I did.I do think that you should play this game via your own satisfactory way. You want to know how relatable things get, then don't play with any guides and go your way. Live with the mistakes you make and the little choices you didn't end up making. The game tells you to seek out every nook and cranny if you want to find out its secrets and to my opinion you should. I believe the people that have this game are most likely players that want to abide to a story with a much bigger plot going in and out. But everyone needs a little break from the story and I bet you would love it if you could just change that little grade of a friend to an A+. I could even say you get a mercy/attack button on your enemies cause everything has consequences and wouldn't you just find it amazing if you could say ♥♥♥♥ you to the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you know and just rewind with the aftermath still in your head. (I would)My scores are so far. (sorry I am not an experienced reviewer so I do apologize if I forget to use a term)Gameplay: (7/10)  I do think it deserves a nod in the little places where you wanna do something and it actually allows you to do it but it was made more for story then for gameplay.Graphic design (8,5/10) It's laid back and relaxing. You can see that the design team has really put an effort into this game. Coming up with even the smallest details to make you remember the story by. Unforgettable pictures that you can revisit during your adventure and afterwards. This game pleasures you with relaxing scenes and exploration.Storytelling (9/10) It's hard to find small diamonds like this out there. This game has a way of telling it's story to you via relatable things. I am still in school and haven't encountered that many problems, seeing how this game portrays such an accurate high school setting makes my heart glimmer a little bit. You might think it is a casual school but it's grounds and people make for a cast that I myself would not mind having at least some friends inbetween, (Looking at you Brooke and Warren :3).Choices and consequences (9,2/10)It took me some time to think of a grade for this one. The storytelling is amazing but what matters in that way is that this is nearly a telltale game and that the choices you make should impact the story. I don't wanna give it all the credits I have but this game made me sit back for a wide 10 minutes to think about the action I was gonna take. It is such a condescending game and it really plays into the way you feel. You know some decisions are critical and it does a good job at making you judge yourself.I do recommend this game. But I would like to recommend it to a few people. Not the ones into action but the ones that love storytelling and graphic design. Those that could stare at a clear blue sky for hours even if they never do that in real life. Those that listen to cool tunes in the sweetest time of the year. To those that can relate to depressing stories and the American High school dream (not that I know but egh).10/10 would repeat the chloe kissing scene over and over again"
,Recommended,319630,30043768,Posted: 19 February,all,Rival,Really great story and amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,319630,30050194,Posted: 19 February,all,Erin Wynter,"I love the story in the game as well as the calm and well thought out soundtrack. This is one of those games that the story will make you laugh and cry so much. I can't recommend this game enough really. It was an amazing game to play, and I'm now playing again because yes.... so much yes... I just wish they had the soundtrack listed on here so I could play it at work!"
,Recommended,319630,26971747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,meowzzz,Is awesome.
76561197969334322,Recommended,319630,26948111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tjoffsan,good.
44569198268367654,Recommended,319630,26871477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brad,very sad but inspirational game :)
,Recommended,319630,26931080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Doctor,"All dem feels.. Go ahead and buy it, you definitely won't regret it!"
,Recommended,319630,26808166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clopezi.es,Beatiful :)
,Recommended,319630,26806581,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🤔⎛⎝MER🅱0Y⎠⎞🤔,Muh Hipster feels.Now gib badge.Game is 10/10 would cri agein.
,Recommended,319630,28281558,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,JMcore,This game has one of the best narratives I've ever experienced. Deep and memorable characters and you have to make decision that leave you thinking for hours...10/10
,Recommended,319630,32909224,Posted: 27 June,all,Kingpin,"Fantastic. Deep, intriguing characters and situations, incredibly hard choices, and dark subject matter. Wouldn't change a thing."
,Recommended,319630,25682081,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cryptic Bore,The story's been done before and the game is fair from well pollished but id still whole heartly recomend this game  even with all the critcisms i have with it.The writing wasnt inspired although it was emotional.part of the game is taking pictures for achievements and sometimes its nonsensical on when you can take them or finiky about your position for menu interactions in which you take them. Basicaly it can be as nonsencical as my grammar in the last sentence.As with any story driven game that ive played so far your choices can only go so far even though your choices do matter from episode to episode and how each episode progresses the conclusion only equates to your very last choice.another gripe i had playing this game is its not allways made clear when the game will give you a choice that cant be rewound when many others can and im not talking about the part where that happens as part of the story.even with these massive negatives i found it still worth while even though i was left wanting.
,Recommended,319630,14396859,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Chef Excellence,"Square Enix has a really bad track record in my experience. The last two Square entries in my library (Hitman: Something-or-other and the abysmal Tomb Raider reboot) lasted less than three hours between them before being summarily deleted with extreme prejudice. At this point the only company less likely to receive dollars from me would be Ubisoft.Why the hell would I buy another game from Square, you ask? Well to be honest I didn't realize it was one of theirs until it was too late to get my $5 back. So, said I, let's gird our loins and wade into Life is Strange.The first thing you notice about Life is Strange is that it's really freaking pretty, but this *is* Square we're talking about so saying so borders on the repetitive. Apart from that you're dumped into the life of one Max, 18 year-old wallflower at a Pacific Coast private school, who's having a bit of an alternate-reality premonitory nightmare in her photography class. Things happen, during which she discovers she's basically the Prince of Persia minus weapons and parkour, able to rewind time for short periods in order to replay scenarios over while maintaining knowledge gained during previous attempts......and nothing much else, actually. This is a game with only a single mechanic, and while it's a pretty good one and reasonably well-implemented that threatens to be a pretty flimsy frame upon which to hang a game. Make no mistake about it, this is to third-person adventure games what Dear Esther is to FPS's. Fortunately, like the aforementioned Dear Esther, there's enough going on in terms of story and characterization to make this mildly interactive movie worth experiencing. And unlike those other Square games which I so roundly panned, you know up front that a mildly interactive movie is what you're getting. Says so right on the tin.And it's a pretty good movie, too. They're definitely leaning on the Twin Peaks vibe, for better and/or worse. The good being investigation of the disappearance of a pretty, popular high school senior with hints of serious unpleasantness hiding just below the surface of an otherwise idyllic small town (more Alan Wake than Silent Hill), the bad being occasional bouts of hilariously (or should I say 'hella') awkward dialogue and bewildering musical interludes that seem to have wandered in from the production next door looking for the bathroom and been chucked in anyway. The plot doesn't really have a chance to get anywhere in this episode, we're mostly just meeting the characters and dressing the set for later installments, but what's there is intriguing enough to keep me playing through to the end and probably enough to get me to at least pony up for the next one.But does Life is Strange accomplish the foolishly lofty goal stated on its store page of ""revolutionising story based choice and consequence games""? Well, no. Not even a little bit. At least not this early in the game. If you've played either The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us you'll have seen most every trick Life is Strange has up its sleeve—they've just saved you the trouble of spending a second playthrough doing everything differently to see what happens.Not living up to its hype doesn't make the game bad, by any stretch of the imagination. As it stands currently Life is Strange is a good—not great—game. Time (and another $5) will tell what they're able to make of it come next episode."
,Recommended,319630,17361401,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SynRG Nerdburglar,A truly amazing game.
,Recommended,319630,20158225,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,boxxymeister,"Metal Gear Solid V made me wonder what I’d do with an oil rig, millions of dollars and a nuke; Life is Strange made me want to go and lie listlessly on the grass somewhere and smoke weed. - Chris Thursten,www.pcgamer.comI love both games and I absolutely agree. :DDo you recommend this game? Hella, yes!"
,Recommended,319630,30993355,Posted: 7 April,all,Sage4478,I highly recommend this game the story is amazing without a doubt!! Play it and you'll love it!!
76561198191871730,Recommended,319630,30995901,Posted: 7 April,all,.338 Lapua Magnum,"it is a really good game, just a little sad that its over"
76561198150017660,Recommended,319630,17649092,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,brigittecayer,"One of my favorite games ever. From the minute I started it, I knew I would love it. I love games with a great story and characters, and I especially love how this one has so many choices you can make that affect the game. Also love the graphics and being able to feel immersed in the world. I hope they will continue this series on for a long time. I loved Heavy Rain and this one reminded me of it."
,Recommended,319630,15324658,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,empire . // 2Lazy,First Review Ever.I play a lot of tall tale games and this was recommended as a game i may like and so far this has been true.Im looking forward to Getting the rest of the Episodes and finishing the game.
76561198059686747,Recommended,319630,18621729,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Trinket1000,HATE THIS GAME !!! MADE ME CRIED!!!! I CANT BELIEVE IT MADE ME CHOOSE 2 THINGS!!!! IT'S JUST LIKE CHOOSING BETWEEN BACON OMELLETE AND PANCAKES ALL OVER AGAIN!!!
76561198099208823,Recommended,319630,18622485,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MaxiMoose,"Life Is Strange....Never would I of thought that back in January, this game would make me think and feel so much and take me on such an amazing journey. From the atmopshere of the first episode, the situtations of the second, the craziness of the third, the horror of the fourth and the message of the fifth. Everything about this game, is done with the greatest care, passion and thought. Thank you DONTNOD, thank you so much.If you are still wondering wether to play this. DON'T. Get it and enjoy the moments it creates and the journey it takes you on."
76561198049900132,Recommended,319630,19663652,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mike36,Why this game cannot play again for the first time?
,Recommended,319630,19671480,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,WaffleStomp,Ever fantasize about roleplaying as a teenage girl in a private high school?  Yeah me neither - and yet this ended up being my favorite game. Each episode progresses the story in unexpected ways and it's tough to put down.Highly recommended if you enjoy a good story with memorable characters.
76561198051701191,Recommended,319630,18622084,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Chewyness,THIS GAME DEFINES MY 2015 YEAR
76561198053152293,Recommended,319630,18622590,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Measuring Cups,"I've never had a game effect me in such a way before. I'm... astounded at the emotions that Life is Strange evoked in me. I honestly don't think I'll be the same after this. Please, allow yourself to experience this story."
,Recommended,319630,19661434,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lemmy Fucking Kilmister,What over?What do you mean ITS OVER!?WHAT THE F**K IM SUPPOSED TO DO WITH MY LIFE NOW!?!?
76561198193990846,Recommended,319630,18591454,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,acerkan,This game is absolutely worth destroying your soul over
,Recommended,319630,18621493,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Papyrcat,I love this game.
76561198160395467,Recommended,319630,19661545,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Grey teeth :'(,"This game is amazing, I would recommend getting it to pretty much everyone!"
76561198074029424,Recommended,319630,19513738,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CrystalBlueItalianStream,Best hella game I have ever played. However be careful. There is a reason that there is a support group website for people who have played this game.Feels/10I'm going to go sit in a corner now and contemplate my life choices.
76561198073437156,Recommended,319630,18591528,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,GrrGroovy!!,Absolutely amazing game. 10/10
76561198025168829,Recommended,319630,19666712,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bowesnacks,"I usually dont write reviews for games, but I feel compelled to write for for this game. This is the first game in a long time that has made me feel. The emotions that this game can bring out is quite a feat. Though its similar in play style to the Telltale games, it is different enough to make you take notice. The two endings make you a little mad, as you feel like you were short changed, but overall the game is one of those games you will never forget. Play it, you will be happy that you did."
76561198012327773,Recommended,319630,18621082,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Crimson_and_clover,"I'm not the type to review games, but I have made an exception for Life Is Strange. This game is a beautifully crafted masterpiece, visually, and musically. Once I started playing I became emotionally attached to all the main characters and cared about their lives. I'm a grown man that has been gaming for years, I'm your typical call of duty, battlefield gamer, so for Life Is Strange to strike a nerve like it did for me is a testament to how amazing this game is. The only downside is that you'll need a pint of ice-creme, a box of tissues, and a day off  work after finishing this game. Game of the ♥♥♥♥ing year!10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18621639,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CrusaderQueen,This game has an amazing story and is worth the price.
,Recommended,319630,19672415,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Rexx,"This game... This game almost broke me. I took my time playing it episode per episode and it just kept on upping the ante. I played the final three episodes in a binge non stop and it just evolved. It was not easy to finish this game, and it made me feel so strongly it's practically embedded in my soul at this point.Brilliant game. Great characters. Great music."
,Recommended,319630,18620922,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ex4riaL,GOTY Or We Riot!
76561198081444277,Recommended,319630,19664330,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ares22,Emotionally driven and taxing at the same time.  Fantastic game in much the same way as Heavy Rain.  10/10
,Recommended,319630,19669491,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,NEW Cucka Cola,Just play it.  You have to play it.
76561197972923507,Recommended,319630,19664746,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,kalderon,I haven't played such a good game since the last 10 years. It is also the first game ever that made me cry. Definitely one of the best games ever made! I am looking forward to get back to Arcadia Bay. I would love to see Max and Chloe again.@Dontnod: You've created a masterpiece! And I am just here to say: Thank you for letting me experience the best game of the decade!
,Recommended,319630,18621442,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BlueSweater,Game got darker than Akon
76561198031930320,Recommended,319630,18060244,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,AppoX,"Great story, great characters, enjoyable & all. Well thats up until end of Episode 4....Then in EP 5 the quality drops significantly, the dialogue goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ the voice-acting suddenly sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥and the ending is like a slap with a fish. Choices end up being meaningless for the ending(and nearly everything else) and this episode seemed to focus on the visual quality instead of story/audio/everything else. Well EPs 1-4 were great at least...."
,Recommended,319630,24799895,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Harry,This game is the most beautiful thing ever created
,Recommended,319630,27069741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bale¦Hamada,That's was so cool! i very recommend this game!
,Recommended,319630,14359800,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tobias Parker,"Life is Strange is a more down-to-Earth take on the Telltale adventure game formula.   It provides interesting choices, light puzzles and great characterization.  While games like the Walking Dead pose interesting dilemmas and then put a time constraint on your actions to enhance the drama Life Is Strange not lets you take your time and even change your decisions once made.  Rather than negating the drama this method forces the player to really consider the impacts of their decisions and then, once all the chips fall, they have to live knowing that they had every chance to make the opposite choice."
,Recommended,319630,15820207,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,InitiateAtom,"I'll make this short and sweet. This game is amazing! If you're looking for an action game, then this is not the game for you. However, if you enjoy a good story that is well developed and even better represented, then I absolutely must recommend this game. I won't post any spoilers here, but I will say that the game's events have already taken a drastic turn from what you would expect coming out of episode one (I am writing this just after completing episode 2). This is most likely the best story that I have EVER seen in a video game, period.The art style is unique in it's own way, it almost resembles a painting, in a way (that's the best way to describe it), yet it is still played in the third person and it is very easy to read objects in the game.The soundtrack is good. My only complaint here is the voicing doesn't always match the facial movements/expressions, but you don't notice it after a while.The controls are good, but there is a little bit of a learning curve at the beginning.So that's the short version. If you like story, you will probably like this game, a lot!"
76561198073883107,Recommended,319630,18150584,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Wang Genie,I'm rethinking my entire life after episode 4.
76561198028823390,Recommended,319630,18153525,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SpookyTooth,"This game may seriously destroy my soul by the end of episode 5, but wouldnt have it any other way."
76561198069174179,Recommended,319630,18162529,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sora,"This game goes above and beyond what I expected from it.  Prepare for an emotional rollercoaster that will take you everywhere from soaring on the treetops to rumbling down to the depths of despair.  It is an enigma.  It reminds me a lot of growing up.Choices do matter.  From a conversation that you have with one person who seems insignificant, to a major decision that you have to make, to watering a plant.  Play the game like you were Max.  Actually be her.  Live through her.  Make the game about her life.This game literally transported me into the place of Max, and for the first time in any game, put me in the shoes of another person.  I felt the emotions vicariously through Max and everyone else around her.  If only we were able to make more decisions and change more things, but alas, you can't.Put on your headphones and enjoy the ride.  Dedicate time to play one episode at a time.The only negative aspect to this game is that the lip-synching is bad, but that's most likely due to the graphics engine.  However, the graphics are amazing.  I would recommend this game over any other out there simply because of how deeply connected and pulled in you get to the story."
,Recommended,319630,18597534,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ravyn,"I've played Episode 5, went to bed, just thinking about this game all the time... and when I awoke I saw my Mum wearing a shirt with three blue butterflys. I just shot myself."
,Recommended,319630,19114555,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,elliejcooper11,im dead inside :)
76561198146164291,Recommended,319630,17877357,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,qwertmaster33,A truly amazing rollercoaster of a game. This would make even the most sociopathic soul feel something.
76561197995122669,Recommended,319630,18849088,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Flying Walrus,10/10 would emotionally cripple myself by playing again.
,Recommended,319630,18849205,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Opheliac,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,319630,18654914,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Nykrem,"This is the 2nd best game I've ever played. The visual, the sound image, the gameplay, everything makes you feel so much, relate and immerse with the characters. A strong story and relatable themes. It's just pure amazing."
,Recommended,319630,16209788,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Tony,"Three episodes in and so far so good. I quite like these interactive adventures a la Telltale Games, so keep this in mind. I know it's not everyone's cup of tea. Incidentally, making a cup of tea and setting aside some time to play this game isn't a bad idea. Each episode is best started and finished in one sitting (about 3 hours) as the flow of the story gets interrupted otherwise. The story itself isn't worth writing home about, rather it's the human element which drives things forward - some serious themes are explored in this game. The few gripes I have (terrible lip synching and occasional try-hard dialogue) are mostly outweighed by the immersion from the heart of the narrative. To sum up: it's fun listening to the protagonist's internal monologue, even when you're watering pot plants. 8/10"
,Recommended,319630,29457299,Posted: 23 January,all,William Xu,"Gotta change my review 4 months ago because this game is truly a MASTERPIECE!Best game ever! Even SE did not throw too much budget into this game, but DONTNOD still Well-designed this game. this is AN ARTWORK people! Masterpiece! gotta say it twice.愿SE发行的每部作品都能有如此精致的品质，作为粉丝真的非常感谢SE发行了LIS。"
,Recommended,319630,27127564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheStarAndy,one of the best!
,Recommended,319630,27239797,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meshlem,ｔｕｍｂｌｒ　ｈｉｐｓｔｅｒ　ｇｉｒｌ　ｓｉｍｕｌａｔｏｒ
,Recommended,319630,31641970,Posted: 9 May,all,[L.E.S]VadaiAnna,Barry Allen should play this game when he thought to ♥♥♥♥ a timeline........
,Recommended,319630,15051543,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CONA DA BOAA,THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTLY FANTASTIC !
,Recommended,319630,18592783,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scribbz,"I played the first episode when it first came out and although I enjoyed it, I was not sucked into the story. After I played the second, its safe to say I was hooked. The fact the ending of the second episode packed such an emotional gutpunch is a testament to the writing and characterisation created by the developers. The world is beautifully animated and the soundtrack always perfect to reflect the mood.Having just played the final episode I was slightly disappointed as I saw the story progressing in an unexpected way (i.e the origin of the storm). Whilst there were certainly some unexpected parts (nightmare sequence anyone?!), the story did generally round off much as I expected. Unfortunately the first ending I chose was rather unsatisfying, but luckily after going back and changing my decision it was much better! And isn't that what the game is all about?TLDR: Despite a few issues, I thoroughly enjoyed the ride and have never played a game which I have felt so invested in. Good job Dontnod! 91/100"
,Recommended,319630,30181619,Posted: 25 February,all,Cerea,I do suggest this game >.< Love the story!  <3pretty funny.
,Recommended,319630,26988199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scout,"Dont underestimate this game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,319630,18592206,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,AbsurdBlue,Interesting game!Explores time traveling with a heavy focus on characters and story. I enjoyed the heck out of this one
,Recommended,319630,29229865,Posted: 13 January,all,Ardacebi1,"Good graphics, good story, High Quality. Extremely suggest it."
76561198035271775,Recommended,319630,31030526,Posted: 8 April,all,HeremitDevil,"How to review a game that is all about plot without being too vague, or spoilerrific? I'll do my best.PROS+I've seen too many games (yes, TellTale, i'm talking to you) where your choices do have some effect but they don't really change the big picture, save lives (or not) and have any relevant effect whatsoever in the long run. Life is Strange takes every choice you make, even apparently dumb ones, very seriously when shaping how your story will go. From your relationship with minor characters to the plot advancement, there are only few things that are really out of the player's control. It's not perfect, but it feels much more reactive than most systems.+Rewinding time in a game all about choices is too cool of a mechanic. Sure, you can't see the consequences your decisions will have in the long run, but being able to erase mistakes and see every possible outcome before deciding what your reality will be is really great. And Max's time bending is also used rather creatively in various puzzles and situations, making it doubly useful as a way to spice things up a bit in the otherwise walk-and-talk only gameplay.+I like the characters. I like their personalities, i like how their relationship with Max can drastically change based on our actions and i like their character development, at least of those who have enough screen time to get any. Life Is Strange doesn't take too many clichés and shortcuts, avoiding the one-dimensional character bane for the most part, but a genre savvy player can probably guess the various sides of most characters long before the plot exposes them to you, and a few characters are arguably more predictable because, avoiding the most clichéd personality, they become recognizable as the negation of that trope, which itself is a trope. This may sound confusing, i know! I don't find it very easy to explain in a spoiler-free way.+The voice acting is simply superb. I really can't think of a character whose voice actor didn't deliver a believable, solid and heartfelt performance and Max and Chloe's actresses are particularly amazing. It's one of the reasons i enjoyed this game so much: even the ever-present Max banter to herself about whatever you see is never boring to listen. A job well done.+This might be controversial, but i think the plot is a strong point to this game. You may like or hate the admittedly weird direction it goes, the time travel causing obviously a LOT of confusion, some plot developments being clearly forced by the heavy hand of the script rather than common sense or reality (but hey, it's much less pronounced than in any other game i've played so far like this one), various things being out of the blue with little actual explanation provided (although to be fair this is probably intentional) and the frustration of realizing how much impact a seemingly innocuous decision had in the long run. That said, i think people looking for a good story about friendship with a shade of investigation and supernatural will be able to gloss over most of this and enjoy the story.+The soundtrack. Unless you're really, really against indie and melancholy.CONS-It's inevitable. Being able to replay your last actions until you get the outcome you were looking for, or just to use some info you acquired by the previous iteration of such dialogue, is going to get tedious eventually. Yes, you can blow past conversations you've already listened with a key, and the game will get back to normal speed if you have to hear something new. It will still feel terribly annoying when you rewind for the tenth ""god dam n"" time because you irritated the one you were speaking with yet another ""wrong"" answer.-I don't want to talk too much about graphics in a narrative-based game, but it's hard to miss how even The Walking Dead could pull off a higher level of detail while maintaining a very definite style. This game has cool colors and certainly doesn't lack carisma visually, but it's really far from being polished.-There is some padding, and by that i mean sequences that take an unnecessarily long amount of time to wrap up without moving the plot in any particular direction. I don't hate these sections too much, however, since they're almost always room for some nice character development.-It can sometimes get annoying to hear the blatant lampshading some character dialogue does on the effect of your choices (for example, a character constantly reminding the protagonist of an action she's made that ""pi s s ed"" her off, albeit in a way coherent to her personality).-I shouldn't really be pointing this out, but there is very little action in this game, obviously. Even factoring in the time traveling deus-ex powers, this game is 95% dialogue and interacting with the scenery. The ""action"" moments are more like basic puzzles that mostly require you to use your powers creatively and have a grain of salt, plus some extremely sporadic (and extremely easy, especially since you can rewind from being caught) stealth sessions. They're fun to play for me, but if you're looking for more action this is not your game."
76561198054745824,Recommended,319630,15247281,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Señor Birdy,I love this game not only do you have to really think about the crucial desicions but even you think that you picked the wrong answer it is good how you can rewind and choose again.
,Recommended,319630,18052921,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Saber,"There's a lot to say aboutLife is Strange.The game pressures you constantly to evaluate what morals are important to you through many of the decisions you make in the game. Since the game deals with serious real life situations regarding domestic abuse, losing family and friends, harassment, sexual violence, etc., it's not something to take lightly.When you're able to connect to this game's storyline in so many ways, it becomes more and more phenomenal as the characters and each of their lives really begin to mean something to you. When you have to (slight spoilers to storyline)convince a friend not to commit suicide by jumping off a building by saying just the right things at the right time, combined with making the right choices before the event, how could it not become an item of emotional importance?This game isn't much of a ""game"", think of it more as an interactive movie that you're helping to direct. Since the writing is so great such that it no joke, really can make you cry in both joy and sadness, it's something to pick up on the spot. Sometimes the dialogue has some quirky slang that may or may not force some cringing. The soundtrack is pretty fantastic; it has an indie, countryside feel which matches the setting of Arcadia Bay, Oregon. The game looks pretty too; although it's not hyper-realistic, the art style does give the game its own type of life and each individual character really does stand apart from the others.TL;DR Writing's phenomenal and thought-provoking albeit with cheesy dialogue at times, soundtrack is vibrant and original (really great!), art style is also unique and inspiring though not the prettiest thing on the planet. Pick up immediately for an emotional rollercoaster that you'll want to go over again and again, as replayability is high with all the different decisions you can make affecting things in later episodes."
76561198072892342,Recommended,319630,14254650,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MemeFiend,"Beautiful game with a great story. Amazing music as well, got to give it props for that."
,Recommended,319630,26120424,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Docteur Whoa,"I hate that game as much as I love it. And I hate it a lot.The gameplay is lovely as it can be for a time travels fan : you can  manipulate time to make the right choice, or at least, what seems to be the right one for you (yup, no choice is right actually, you always have to face ""unforeseen consequences""). Graphically, the ""paint-like"" textures gives it a really nice artstyle, and the soundtrack is very fitting and cool.Now, about the story, it's probably the best one I've ever seen in a video game. It feels real and genuine. The characters are so well written that you get attached to them very fast, and you will be very careful about your choices and your decisions. I don't want to tell much about it, but it really gets you in an emotionnal lift.Episode One is free, so give it a try, you won't be disappointed.10/10 would almost cry all along again."
,Recommended,319630,17930401,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,marceymaeby,"I love this game. Each episode has gotten darker and more mysterious. It's a ""whodunit"" type of game as well as choosing who Max interacts with in her Senior year of High School. You get pulled into her life from all the mystery and time-rewinding ability. This game has made me cry on each episode. I highly recommend this game to everyone, it is completely different from the Telltale games. This game has more freement with movement and you find out more informaton on each characters based on what you say to them and what you find in their rooms. It is a glorious game, my favorite game I have personally played in a while, and I cannot wait for Episode 5."
76561198057161421,Recommended,319630,33157481,Posted: 2 July,all,Tea,"After playing through all episodes, I cannot say I have seem very many games made to this level of story intensity and gameplay. This game has managed to make me cry for the first time in many years. Here's to future Life is Strange Seasons and the hope that I may forget this game so I can play it all over again. 10/10 would recomend."
,Recommended,319630,32958388,Posted: 28 June,all,Ryan,"Life is Strange is the best game I have played so far, no game has made me feel such a strong emotional attachment to it's characters as Life is Strange has done. Although this may be up to me more so than you. Life is Strange tells a gripping story which makes you feel like apart of it, like you're really there. There are many surprised turns and developments that will keep you at the edge of your keyboard throughout your play through. The characters are extremely well developed, and there is plenty of optional content to interact with various characters to learn more about the setting, your character; Max, and the plot of the game as well as numerous side plots. I spent 20 hours on my first play through, going through every chat dialog I could find and learning as much as I could about this world; it was cocaine to me, I couldn't absorb enough information about this world. Each chapter in the game takes about 2-4 hours depending on how you go about playing it. Whether you decide to find out everything you can or if you just stick to the main plot. Now I hope I sold you on the game already but we haven't even begun to talk about the best aspect of the game, the choices. You may have already known that Life is Strange is a quick time event game where the player is able to alter the game through choosing different choices offered in events allowing for the game to be tailored to each player and for replayability to be high. In conclusion, Life is Strange is a must have, if you don't have this game in your library, well, what are you doing with your life?! You will no be disappointed if you enjoy these types of games."
,Recommended,319630,33174637,Posted: 3 July,all,Francesca The Fiend,"I am a huge fan of choices matter games. I'm always on the lookout for something like an old school choose your own adventure, but not of the 'visual novel' style that there seems to be so many of. Now there are some amazing titles out there, but a lot of them lead you to believe your choices really alter the story line, when in reality it mostly turns out all the same no matter what, thus no replay value. I am a huge fan of the Tell-tale games (they sometimes do the mentioned above though), but this was 1000x times better.Beautiful graphics, music, and plot. It does take place in a highschool, so granted there is some stupid highschool drama type issues, but it somehow does it in a mature way, so that you aren't left feeling like a 14 year old back in highschool yourself.I already can't wait to play it again. I really did feel like every little choice ended up coming to bite you in the butt, or help you, chapters later.If you are on the fence, jump down and buy it now."
76561198165238662,Recommended,319630,33068585,Posted: 30 June,all,sports_boy02,"Great episodic story driven game of the ""interactive drama"" category. It is very much like the Quantic Dream type games, but I think with better story telling and emotional pull. Roller coaster of emotions, while playing throughout had me hooked.  However, a story about a high school girl with time traveling powers may not be for everyone. Gameplay consists of interacting with item and dialogue with other characters. Most choices don't really matter due to time traveling mechanic, but some do with lasting consequences."
,Recommended,319630,19641696,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,OctoChan,So this what Gone Home would have been like if it had just a little bit of actual gameplay...9/10 pretty good!
76561198023895758,Recommended,319630,16759055,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,atreyu_engine,"This is one of the most beautiful, intimate, emotionally rich games I've played in my life."
,Recommended,319630,15257120,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,UnlimitedSky,It's really amazing how people can react in so many ways over just one phrase you have or haven't said. I think this is a game about all the little things we can do to make our lives better. Totally worth it. :)
76561198254352005,Recommended,319630,19851890,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,tyger_says_yo,yes its a VERY good game if it was a 10/10 rating system i would rate it 9/10
,Recommended,319630,19206160,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,'❤️KaylaMew,butterfly effect time traveling game ! its interesting has a dark story to tell
,Recommended,319630,24546179,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,WhiteZe,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. ''It's an experience, not a game'' as many would say.It has a great soundtrack that fits the game perfectly, and everything in this game is made so well that it feels very close to reality. Every single person you meet has their own unique personality, and talking to them is a joy. The weather is incredibly well made, and can affect your mood, as well as the situation the main character is in.There is not much more to say, and I would recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,319630,24575212,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,InFiniTe,wtf...i bought dis game..and its now free....my money..btw overall good game 8/10
76561198113121218,Recommended,319630,18592505,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Miguel Montana,"I want to say that this is one of the first games for Steam that I picked up. With that being said, this game is definitely worth getting. The graphics, though not impressive compared to some major titles, make the game all that much more interesting and appealing. It gives it a sense of uniqueness that I found myself appreciating quite a bit as I played through it.The story itself is something that you can easily immerse yourself into if you've ever had the typical high school experience. It's really well composed and touching right from the beginning and the more you play, the more you wonder about all the possible outcomes that are yet to come.With that being said, it isn't a perfect game and there are some small complaints to be had. But this is all just differences in taste between you, the player, and the creator who envisioned the game going in such a way. Either way, it was so much fun playing this and I defintely recommend it to anyone and everyone.:)"
,Recommended,319630,18592517,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Izi,"SUCH A BEAUTIFUL, SICK, UNFAIR GAME! BUT I STILL LOVE THIS!"
,Recommended,319630,29915407,Posted: 13 February,all,>>ANUBIS<<,BEST story i've ever played 100/100 ..Highly recommended!
,Recommended,319630,14594914,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,whale,"[+] Beautifully designed game. Made me feel 'home-sweet-home'-like once I saw the "".. all your in game actions and decisions will impact the past, present and future."" screen. Definitely a unique feature to rewind time, being able to test out different choices which then have different consequences.[-] Audio is badly synced with the animation, specifically the characters speaking. Although in my opinion, that doesn't really affect any of the in-game experience and is just a little thing that you notice as you progress through the game.Overall it's a great game with an engaging storyline. Recommended."
76561198074061750,Recommended,319630,29446348,Posted: 23 January,all,Jaqcob,"Music, moral choices and thier consequences makes this game very dramatic but also extremely involving and amazing 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,19560338,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Eagle,"Choices do matter, however doing what's right is often the hardest choice we have to make. Life is Strange allows you to craft your own journey and undergo your own metamorphosis. Know that for almost every action there is a opposite and great reaction. I recommend Life is Strange.  I also recommend a box of tissues. Enjoy :')"
76561198157840573,Recommended,319630,15928542,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mrlargenipples,To tell you the truth i thought i was going to hate this game but soon as i started i fell in love with the story and everything else about it the story has its ups and down but at the end its just  with alot of love in the game...  this game will let you rethink on your own life and how it plays out ... is there anymore i should say ? i would recommend this to any one who loves a good story that you can control that the whole world is in your hands ... so to the people who wont to try it please go for epo 1 its the cheapest to see if you like it or not but if you do please buy the 2-5 season pass i think its 16.99 i think  everyone who is geting this game or thinking about it please get it lets support the game so they can put out more chapters or more games like this one .. so have fun the future is yours ;)
,Recommended,319630,14570143,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pie,OMG GREAT GAMEi played when i was skyping with my friend (i finished first)we had so much fun its got a great stroy line its like watching a movie but your in it GREAT game worth the five dollorsGET THIS GAME you will love it
,Recommended,319630,24724961,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GLaDOS,"This game is almost just like a movie, but you get to choose the outcome.Such an amazing storyline and by far the one of the best games ive ever played."
,Recommended,319630,19940799,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,D3ception5,"I cannot recomend this game enough. I wish I could forget everything about it then start all over and experience it for the first time over and over. So here is the average LIS players reactions to each episode.SPOILERS BELOW: You've been warnedEpisode 1: Starts out as your average cliche teen high school drama with some cool rewind powers thrown in. The characters are pretty relatable and the music is fantastic.Episode 2: Still average so far and I'm 99.99% certain that Chloe is gay and Max is crushing on her. Things are getting mysterious. Hmmm probably should answer that phone call from Kate, shes so adorable and precious. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥Chloe just shot herself better rewind and watch her do it 50 more times. And HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥KATE WHAT ARE YOU DOIN!? HELL YEAH I SAVED KATE THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE! ♥♥♥♥ YOU STEP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU!Episode 3: Things are getting dark very fast. Victoria is such a ♥♥♥♥♥ but I'll be nice to her after all we don't know what shes going through right now. Kate is safe so thats good. Ok Chloe and Max is canon who needs Warren these two nerds are so ♥♥♥♥ing cute omg I can't even I'm going full white girl over these two! HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY KISSED THEY KISSED!!! THIS IS THE BEST EPISODE EVER! EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE ALRI- OH MY GOD CHLOE NO!Episode 4: I hate this game I hate myself I hate everything! Dontnod do you really think I'm just going to kill Chloe cuz she asked me to? Well you're goddamn right I will and now I hate myself even more. Ha ha never mind everything is fine. Lets go kill that ♥♥♥♥♥ Nathan. and WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ MR. JEFFERSON YOU SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ I ♥♥♥♥ING KNEW IT I DIDN'T WANNA BELIEVE IT BUT ♥♥♥♥ YOU I KNEW IT! CHLOE NOOOOOO I WILL SAVE YOU I WILL KILL ANYONE AND EVERYONE TO SAVE YOU!!Episode 5: Things can not get worse that this point I'm up at 3:30 in the damn morning playing this because I'm going to save my girlfri- I mean Max's girlfriend. ♥♥♥♥ you Mr. Jefferson you creepy ♥♥♥♥ I will murder you I will slaughter anyone who gets in my way to saving Chloe. Forget everything I ever said about David he's actually a pretty rad guy. Ok now that I've gone through all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to save Chloe you're telling me that I can only choose to kill her and save the town of people I hate or Save Chloe and kill a town of poeple I hate....hmmmmmm.....such a difficult choice...Ha! Nah fam ♥♥♥♥ Arcadia Bay imma save Chloe!So yes in short buy this game it'll take on so many feels trips."
,Recommended,319630,31448760,Posted: 29 April,all,[SPS]Ice-Kor,One of my favorit games and f you think its only a Side game of DONTNOD entertainment and it was only a prototiep befor Squar enix back it.
,Recommended,319630,15911771,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Allisandre,"""This action will have consequences.""That's the time you know when♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real.Edit: In all seriousness!Life Is Strange connects with me in a very emotional aspect. I can relate to Max as much as I can relate to Chloe and all the other characters, heck, I can even relate to David and Nathan. We all have our ♥♥♥♥ ups in life and certain events make me want to rewind to, you know, get a different outcome. But then again, I stop, think to myself for a bit and realize that if I change something from that past, I may not be even here right now, or worse, the people I've known and made friends with, people who were special to me, might not even be there.So yes, Life Is Strange is a game that we can all enjoy and escape into. It makes us think and tugs at our heartstrings.Hands down to Dontnod Entertainment for making this game."
76561198062936886,Recommended,319630,27848881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThomaZ,"Although over 70k reviews are already out for this game, I couldn't help, but to write my own.A lot of games that say your choices affect the story usually lie, what's great about this one - is that it actually doesn't!!! And yes, I was always part of the ""There's NO choice, 0/10!"" club, but this game... It's on a completely different level! Not only you are given a choice right through to the end of the game, but your choices actually do affect the story as well as the behaviour of NPCs towards you. And then there are the ""feels""... No matter how hard you are or how much you think ""you've seen it all"", this game will make you (if not cry) feel like there's something in your eye. All you have to do is sit back, relax, and let the game atmosphere and events tuck you in. Now THAT, shows just how great this game is.For me, this game was one of those, where you sit through all the credits thanking each and every person who has worked on it. HUGE praise to developers for the pack of awesome emotions I have recieved while playing it! I hope, at some point in the future, I will forget that awesome adventure so that I could experience it in its pure ""first-time-walkthrough"" form all over again. However, the impact the game left on me is so big, that I don't feel it's going to happen. So here I am embarking on a search for ""another game like that"" again."
,Recommended,319630,30090231,Posted: 21 February,all,kill me if you love me,Very Entertaining Game!!!!!!!!!! BUt Also Very Sad!
76561198276215662,Recommended,319630,29752511,Posted: 6 February,all,Lukemorelikepuke,"(This is a review for the whole game btw) I was not expecting much from this game and even with it's exciting start I didn't expect any thing out of this world. What I got? A masterpiece. This game has one of the best written stories I have played through with characters you want to feel attached to. The main protagonist is somewhat relatable and just wants to keep her special person from harm and that ""special person""Chloeis also a character you will end up attached to. The fact that you can rewind time(even though the world ends up telling you not to use the powers that THEY FRIGGIN GAVE YOU FOR SOME REASON!!!)is amazing and a fun mechanic. Even though the puzzles aren't too difficult it's still a cool mechanic to have. I also have a piece of advice...EXPLORE EVERYTHING! This game will be over before you know it and I would highly reccomend exploring everything and doing everything. All in all this game definitely (Not even because of bias lmao) deserves a 10/10 and I would DEFINITELY reccomend this to anyone."
76561198032601770,Recommended,319630,15118126,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kefala,"How would the ability to time travel impact your decisions?Would you use it to fix up and tidy your personal interactions such that people always have the best opinion of you?Would you use it to hurt those that anger you and then rewind time so that you don't face the consequences?Would you use it to minimize your guilt and minimize consequences in your life?Would you prioritize certain outcomes based on how it turns out for those who matter more to you?Life is Strange is not a perfect game. While it subverts certain adventure game tropes, it falls into the pitfalls of other genres. (E.g. Collection quests, badly designed stealth messages.)However, it is an important game and it's filled with perfect moments. While I cannot help but wish it strived for more, I would heartily recommend this to everyone."
,Recommended,319630,28703267,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,EggsDee,sad lesbian simulator
,Recommended,319630,18935048,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,François Flynn Long,I cri
76561198245240774,Recommended,319630,29386040,Posted: 20 January,all,"Like, 43 Ninjas",There are no words to describe this game.
,Recommended,319630,33566084,Posted: 15 July,all,birdy,"i let my friend kill herself,tried to shoot someone,got kidnappedand destroyed an entire towni'm glad i wasn't a teenage girl because judging by this i don't think i would have been very good at it"
76561198131287832,Recommended,319630,18638417,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Artiice,1 word!: It's good! xD (It's one of the best games ever made) {Masterpiece} 10/10
76561198170153363,Recommended,319630,19888974,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Op,"This game is an absolute masterpiece ! I haven't seen anything like this before. The story is amazing, I was very intrigued and impressed right after the first few minutes of gameplay. I certainly recommend this game. Every penny, every minute is worth it. I can hardly find any more words to describe this genius game. You have to see and experience it for yourself..."
,Recommended,319630,29976146,Posted: 16 February,all,Dradons1,I can listen to its soundtrack all day long.
,Recommended,319630,16568896,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KesslersFTW,"I have never written a review before. This game deserves your attention.You will like this game if:1. You grew up in the 90s2. You have feelings3. You want to be a teenage girl for a day.I loved this game.If you ever thought you would enjoy a game like Myst (but actually fun to play) then this is the game for you.Take a hit, Take a shot, and then get ready for an hour of nastalgia and emotion."
,Recommended,319630,15207176,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SCOTLAND FOREVER,"Very good game, however my friend called it 'Life is Pain'. That made me very sad. But my little Indian buddie called it 'Life is Gains'. That made me very happy as I am really big and I lift a lot IRLEP 1: 8/10EP 2: 9/10"
,Recommended,319630,34730044,Posted: 4 September,all,battle1368,"Life is Strange is flawed, but it is easily the best story game I've ever played. You really do emphasise with the characters. The dialogue is a little rough sometimes, and the lip syncing is terrible.However, pretty much everything else about the game is positive. Good voice acting, nice art style, detailed environments, great music, and some pretty interesting choices. Plus the puzzles are occasionally pretty challenging, although most of the game's puzzles are just to do stuff in a certain order, and to figure out that order by rewinding time. Overall though, a unique, roughly 15 hour game with replay value if you like the story.96/100 would reccomend."
,Recommended,319630,34745343,Posted: 4 September,all,essi,"This game is about best friends, teenage issues and HOLY CRAP THE WORLD IS ENDINGBeautiful, terrifying, made me cry."
,Recommended,319630,34100506,Posted: 8 August,all,KILLER 9639,If you are really easily upsetable like me this game is really hard to finish. Don't get me wrong this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but it really did not help my depression at all. 90% of my experiance with this game is playing this while crying like a baby. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but it made me feel a hell of a lot worse than I am currently.This game constantly reminds me that in real life happy endings do not exist and I both love and hate it for that. In the end nothing matters. Both endings are incredibly traumatising for max and I really feel bad for her :(You play as a totaly relatable introverted nerdy girl called max who only wants to help people. But as a result makes her and everyone elses life a living hell.Yes life is strange but it also is incredibly crappyThis game ♥♥♥♥ed me up and it is so great because of that. It sounds bad but play it and you will understand what i mean.
,Recommended,319630,32829224,Posted: 26 June,all,XxLETHALHITxX,I finally beat this game and I have to say I didn't expect to be so emotionally invested. The story did an amazing job of getting you so hooked. I love games that have immersive and wonderful plots. If you enjoy a game about story then this is as good as it can get. Amazing game and amazing story. Can't remember the last time I cried so much and felt such a relation to a video game.
76561198121055285,Recommended,319630,29976645,Posted: 16 February,all,FuzzyIron,"Have not lost myself in a game like this in some time. Even if you anticipate the twists and turns of the plot, the recognition does not lessen the reality. Get ready for some feels."
,Recommended,319630,18580936,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mermorte,"""Feelstrip"""
,Recommended,319630,19611917,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Masterwabbit,"It's heavily based on narrative over gameplay and it is a bit of a one trick pony. But wow, what a trick it is. Well worth it."
,Recommended,319630,28816790,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JoeThePro,"Life is Strange slowly draws you in, and before you realize it, you are completely hooked. Each episode greatly improves on the last, in part because you can actually see how your decisions play out over the course of the game.The only flaw I cannot overlook was the sometimes terrible dialogue. Now mind you, the dialogue was often good, sometimes great, but there are definitely moments it felt forced. Especially when trying to capture what the ""hip kids"" are saying these days. You have to know people don't talk like that, so why force it? Those moments of terrible dialogue weren't a deal beaker for me, but still unfortunate.While the experience isn't completely perfect, I am still glad to have played this title. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves choose-your-own adventures (especially those of us who read ahead before committing to a decision, you know who you are)."
,Recommended,319630,32709494,Posted: 23 June,all,Kureiji,"very well made story driven game where choices impact how the game turn almost play by play, very interesting characters, great world and character design, cool time travel mechanics, and very emotionally jarring at times."
,Recommended,319630,27889935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,`mikochu,"I wouldn't mind getting hit by a car, getting amnesia, just so I can re-live the feels of the plot."
,Recommended,319630,28653877,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JägerZeus,"Hella game, Hella feels.This game will make you feel for characters, the story line will surprise you and pull you in, it won't let you go until you reach the end.Beautiful game with amazing voice acting and great gameplay… Worth every penny."
76561198063612138,Recommended,319630,17892385,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,b u l,<3
76561198342241841,Recommended,319630,33398441,Posted: 9 July,all,hepatitties,666/10
,Recommended,319630,18692421,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Leovir,"This game is a feels train, immersive as all hell. I have never played a better single player game before."
,Recommended,319630,27722162,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yashu,I usually do not wirte review but I have to say this game is really amazing feels like telltales games tho but that is a good thing.
76561198095748283,Recommended,319630,32232065,Posted: 6 June,all,Unheimliche,Favourite game so far
,Recommended,319630,18532761,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,renesteeman,"Great game, that's all I have to say, I can't find anything bad about it"
,Recommended,319630,33646782,Posted: 19 July,all,Geralt of Rivia,This game was great . İt is very relaxing and exiting game and locations and characters are all great.But 5 episode is very ridiculous i wont give you spoiler but i thnik budget was not enough for 5 episode . Despite 5 episode this game made me buy pre order of life is strange before the storm deluxe edition9/10
,Recommended,319630,28701518,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Slicey,'HELLA' GOOD GAME
,Recommended,319630,18890896,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gamesaucer,"This game is one of those must-have experiences. There are moments where some more time could have been spent on polishing it, but none of that takes away from the game as a whole.I have trouble putting my experience with it into words because it really is necessary to play through the whole story. I even put off playing Episode 5 for a while because of the attachment that the game built to all the characters.On one hand, I regret having to leave behind Warren, Chloe, Victoria, Joyce, Rachel and all the others, but in the end I'm very glad I decided to play this. It's about endings more than anything else, and that's something many people have trouble coping with. This game captures that excellently.For the price that it comes at, don't leave it. It really is worth it."
76561198122606795,Recommended,319630,14326929,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,church1alpha,"This game is great! It has a nice sounding, natural soundtrack, the characters aren't flat, and the gameplay is different to any other game I've seen. The rewind mechanic is helpful in various situations, and the effects of your choices are interesting. After I finished Episode One, all I could think was ""No! It can't be over already!"" A great game, and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,319630,24566057,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,korbs,this game has feels
,Recommended,319630,24686935,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Harabec Sinclair,An absolutely superb game that is a marked break from usual tropes in most others. Well worth the investment of time.
,Recommended,319630,24818335,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,РЕЗИНОВАЯ КЛАВА,One of the best game ever!10/10
,Recommended,319630,25056671,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,torokt21,"No words to describe how perfect this game is. You will laugh and cry with the game, guaranteed. I wish there were a few more episodes (like 40-50), but this was the perfect time to end it.Hats off to the creators. You are amazing!"
,Recommended,319630,25220131,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Devo,"This is definitely a game that stay on your mind long after you play it. More developpers should spend time trying to use video games to leave an impactful memory over simple on the moment divertissement, not saying that both can not coexist.Video games are still a new medium, immature and over-copied, looking more at the past than the future to create. Games like these are the step toward the next art form. along side movies, pictures, books and movies.Thank you for this great experience."
76561198203335495,Recommended,319630,25360769,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,killerockcp2300,i loved this a truly great story
,Recommended,319630,29001606,Posted: 4 January,all,NcyRocks,"I'm recommending this game pretty reluctantly. While I enjoyed the dialogue and the characters, loved the soundtrack, and thought the graphics were done very well, this game failed to deliver on a lot of fronts.I'll list the cons first, to balance out my recommendation (I am really split on this game).Cons:Two major storylines with little to do with each other. After you resolve the one that makes up the majority of the plot, you suddenly remember the other one in the middle of Episode 5 and the game makes it seem like the second storyline was the only one that was going on the whole time. The two endings (!) are only to do with this second storyline, which you forget about for about 3 episodes before it becomes relevant again.Crappy lipsynching.For me, the final choice was very sad but not a hard one to make. Everything seemed to be leading to the ending where yousacrifice Chloe to save LITERALLY EVERYONE ELSE. Sure, a lot of the people in Arcadia Bay are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but so is she. Combine that with the fact that there are thousands of other people going to die, and the fact that Chloe herself thought she should die to save everyone and came to terms with that, and it's not a hard choice.But that's not even the worst part about the two endings - the worst part is that there are TWO! They barely differ, if at all, depending in the choices you make. In a choice-based game, your choices should lead to different resolutions of the parts of the story they affect. That resolution doesn't necessarily need to be part of the ending, but if it's not resolved by then, it needs to be. So few parts of the story were left unresolved by the two (!!!!!) endings that the choices in the game as a whole were cheapened.Not to mention the amount of story elements that seemed to have no purpose whatsoever.There were TWO DIFFERENT MOONS in the sky in Episode 4, an unscheduled eclipse in Episode 2, and a giant hurricane in Episode 5, among other things at the end of other episodes.Maybea hurricane could have been caused by chaos theory, but unlessed I missed something big, there was no rational explanation at all for the moon(s) disappearing and reappearing.And the much-hated bottle scene. I walked around for at least half an hour trying to find the one I missed, for no good reason. That scene could have been cut with no harm done to the story.So after that, why on Earth could I possibly have recommended it?I still think it's worth playing, for a few reasons.Pros:The soundtrack was superb.As was the voice acting.And the motion capture.And the dialogue.And the characters.And the atmosphere.And as frustrated as I am with the story, it's good some really, really good parts that almost redeem the absolute mess at the end. Up until Episode 5, the main storyline (or at least, what you THINK is the main storyline) is exciting and mysterious and fun to unwind. It sets itself up very well for a satisfying resolution, and it seems like a very well told story for the first four episodes. Even if I was left disappointed at the end, I enjoyed most of the game.Finally, it's almost not a pro, but the mechanics are well suited to the game. All you do is walk around, reverse time and make set choices, but for a game based around a story that's not too bad.Overall, I'd still recommend picking up this game on sale if you like story-based or choice-based games, but if I were you, I wouldn't expect too much resolution of all the major plot points. Don't go into Episode 5 with too many expectations."
76561198055576170,Recommended,319630,29149233,Posted: 9 January,all,apatrainingltd,Makes Talegames look outdated and so commercial and over hyped and marketed based on passed successThis game is  a gripping realistic story well worth following - great story great voice overOverall  -  Excellent gameBrilliant  end to game well worth waiting for
,Recommended,319630,29272889,Posted: 15 January,all,Behemoth,"This is the kind of game you finish and then spend the next 10 days thinking about all the things you did in the game, how it affects you personally and how it changes the way you think about certain things.From the loveable characters, great writting and story telling, to the amazing soundtrack, this game has it all.It's a masterpiece of game design, hitting all the necessary strides to keep the player engaged over 5 episodes.I'd recommend this game to every gamer out there. It's a 10/10 game, something worth experiencing and keeping with your for years to come."
76561198066466556,Recommended,319630,30080309,Posted: 21 February,all,Daedalus Bloom,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing nails it. I don't usually like teeny type drama things mixed with the paranormal/superpower stuff but this is just a masterpiece. Everything fits it perfectly. Max (who you play as) is very relatable and Chloe (Her best friend, probably the main focus apart from Max) is so instantly loveable and they contrast each other so much but work perfectly together. The visuals reinforce the feeling of being 18 in Oregan, and the photography aspect does too. The lighting fits perfectly and the music compliments it all, especially at the end of each episode where there's a sort of montage with music over it and the characters are being set up for the next episode, it feels like those sad montages in movies with music over it that are so powerful. All in all, the game is near perfect (apart from the lip syncing). The voice acting and writing will blow you away. I didn't expect to like this game but it's the best experience in gaming I've had in years."
76561198011075944,Recommended,319630,31337843,Posted: 24 April,all,ash_obiwan,"Story is epic. The character building in it is so smooth, it's unbelievable. If you can forgive the lip syncing, which is not hard  to do, you will come to love with the protagonists in the end and feel emotionally invested in the outcome. Support these developers and buy the game. We need more such games as this. I hope dontnod doesn't decide to go mainstream after their first success. We need more innovation and more groundbreaking like this game does."
76561198071755257,Recommended,319630,31383731,Posted: 26 April,all,Toaster,"I have no words to describe this game, just wow...I had never played anything like this before. The scenario, the characters, the gameplay itself, even the beautiful and unique graphics, everything just left me speechless. Never before have I found this much emotion in a game, to the point it brought me to tears more than once. Hell calling it a game doesn't even make sense to me, it's so much more than that. I've finished it an hour ago and am still shivering and thinking about it and I know I'll still be thinking about it for a while and I shall never forget this experience.Not only is it worth playing but you'd be missing something by not doing so. Just be aware the story can be pretty harsh and you'll have to make some tough decisions with real consequences. As I said, this is much more than a game to me, not only because of the way it plays and feels and makes you think but because of the way you'll feel after you finish it. Now go play it."
,Recommended,319630,32069742,Posted: 30 May,all,Spork,"This is BY FAR one of the best games I've ever played. The story line had me hooked from the beginning. It's completely unpredictable. It's freaking genius. If you want to play something that will really change your life, this game is the one to play."
,Recommended,319630,32074549,Posted: 30 May,all,Elly,"Just finished playing through epsiode two, and what can I say? I'm a sucker for mystery thrillers and this is the first time I have felt compelled by and invested in a game for a very long time. The soundtrack, cinematopgraphy and the way the story is being told is simply beautiful and hard hitting and I can't wait to continue playing at every possible chance. Games that reflect within your own life and that make you think come very few and far between and it's completely worth it."
,Recommended,319630,32076643,Posted: 30 May,all,DeepFriedWafflez,"I can't believe how well rounded this game is. The story is very compelling and emotional, the power it has to suck you in is just... wow. You really connect to the characters and the world around them. By far one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198329913344,Recommended,319630,32870500,Posted: 27 June,all,MadEruan,Decided to get this in the sale before the prequel comes out and it is such a good game. I love the characters and story even though I'm really indecisive when it comes to big choices. Can't wait for 'Before the Storm'.
76561198118563807,Recommended,319630,17349778,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ser_renely,"Just finished EP 1, which I bought on sale for a couple of bucks.  Pretty interesting game.  The mood and feel you can get from it is intriguing.  Ultimately down to it being well produced; I woke up this morning and bought the rest of the episodes because of that.As I get more into the episodes I am curious how the game will hold up.  Will the game-play, controls and dialogue get tedious?EDIT:  I finished the game/story.  Overall very good.  I still think one of the best things this game does is create an atmosphere with the voice acting, the music and the look of the game.  One thing that is very annoying is the lip synch is horrible, I got over that quickly, but it is a major sticking point.Nothing is difficult in this game and there is no advantage to trying to hurry through it, if anything that is the worse thing you can do.  It was nice to just sit down and chill to an adventure that I had some control over.The ending needed work, but like any mystery/story the conclusion is always a bit of a let down, its the getting there that is the best part.  This game gets you there in style."
,Recommended,319630,19270211,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Okuyasu ◥▶◀◤✧,"Sad lesbians, i cri evrytim"
,Recommended,319630,25597522,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Gladiator Queen,"This is an absolutely amazing game. It has a deep, touching story which, despite being complicated, never gets overwhelming or confusing. The characters are real and the story really got me hooked. The puzzles were fun and the use of time manipulation never once felt gimmicky--which I totally appreciate.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,319630,14280852,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rico,This game is awesome it's like... Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey... stuff...
,Recommended,319630,32583776,Posted: 19 June,all,SlyCooper0998,"Life is Strange is by far the best episodic videogame I have ever played in my life. The story and characters truly keep you engaged and manage to captivate your sympathy. Not to mention the amazing selection of music that carries on from episode to episode. If you can get past the sometimes cheesy but cute dialouge, you'll be set for an emotional rollercoaster. I'm more than happy to admit that Life is Strange is my personal favorite videogame of all time. Would recommend to anyone."
76561198078787285,Recommended,319630,19371661,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Destina,"Good game, strong narrative."
76561198064395518,Recommended,319630,15226141,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheAmerican777,10 out of 10The story pulled me in so quick and the decision i had to make made me want to cry.The intensity was epic! Choices must be made not matter the consequence.
76561198118505907,Recommended,319630,33496955,Posted: 12 July,all,VonDrewski94,"Memorable, impactful, and inspiring. An experience in which story, characters, and choices stay with you.Taking place at a senior high school, this game should be nostalgic and enjoyable to nearly any millennial. The main character, Max Caulfield, is inspiring, hopeful, and a bit naive. Traits that we all may have had, or have, at the age of 18. Early on in the story she discovers that she has the ability to manipulate time leading her to become more brave and adventurous. Using her new power she becomes determined to unravel the mystery of what is happening in the Oregon city of Blackwell after her old friend, Chloe Price’s best friend, Rachel Amber, goes missing.Although a story game in the vein of what a developer like Telltale would create, this game breaths new life into the genre by allowing Max’s power to be involved in the gameplay, itself. You will have the option of using time manipulation to solve puzzles, open up new dialogue options, or simply change a plot choice you immediately regretted.Life is Strange offers a legitimate mystery and great conclusions based off choices made prior to the end of each episode, however, characters and character relationships will prove to be what you care most about at the end of your experience.For those even mildly interested, I suggest playing the first episode to know if this game is for you. It was for me (and apparently many others)!9/10"
,Recommended,319630,18911491,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,fedniko,10/10 awesome
,Recommended,319630,33670247,Posted: 20 July,all,Chromium,"Not only is this the most compelling game I've ever played, but one of the most compelling stories I've found across any medium. Life is Strange is a truly special experience, and you're doing yourself a disservice by not at least trying the first episode."
,Recommended,319630,19502938,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Guts,"Great game, the thing that stands out about Life is strange is the character development. It is based around teen dramas but there are genunie feelings between characters, places and events. It isnt the longest game and personally the ending didnt offer enough choice for me to be completely happy.Overall a great experience, would play 9/10."
76561198047677984,Recommended,319630,32773446,Posted: 25 June,all,TheMarkopoloShow,"Definitely get this without hesitation. Already played this on PS4 and now acquired it on PC also! The first episode is even free if you're still unsure. This is my favourite game of all time during my life of gaming. Fantastic story and character development. Fantastic music. A lot of the decisions in the game can be pretty difficult to make! Pretty emotional also :'). Can't wait for the further releases! Once the game has been complete, you'll definitely want to play it again :)"
76561198108507473,Recommended,319630,17337989,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,^CTD^ Chixxy,"Having completed the game a while back I've had some time to reflect on everything, and although there is a lot to be said, I'll keep it short (ish).This game, is without a doubt the best game of its genera I've played. Even more so than the walking dead. The story of Max as she goes through school would seem to be quite a normal and laid back one, but nothing is ever that way.This game takes you on an emotional rollercoaster to say the least. Bright and colourful at times, but sad and dark when needs be. The music in the game helps this emotional cluster bomb too.I am glad I went into this game blind as it were, not knowing what it was all about and what to expect, this maybe the reason I got such a valuable experience from it (not to say you wouldn't if you knew a bit about it beforehand).Earned a permeant spot in my Favourite games list on steam and in general. Buy it! £15.99 is worth the price, especially if you want a good cry.Now, I need to go and punch some walls and kill some puppies to feel manly again!!!"
76561198036181923,Recommended,319630,25173737,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cherry,10/10 Great story. Great game. Great Life.
76561198127226947,Recommended,319630,28452490,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,The worlds only Bellona Main,played episode oneWas greatlook at prices for next episodeslooks at walletcries10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,16773737,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Warmaster Fekk Joond of the Sea,<3
,Recommended,319630,14835624,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ThunderFucc The BamboozledCuck,Anyone who likes a good story play this you will not regret it.
76561197961768881,Recommended,319630,34913242,Posted: 12 September,all,BlaY,"Really love this game. The music, the style, the format. It doesn't play like a traditional game (although I haven't played a ton of ""story rich"" games over the years). It really immerses you into Arcadia Bay. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, but maybe most of all, it will make you think. After completing the game, I wasted no time in playing through it again. Can't remember another game that prompted me to do that. It's awesome, just buy it. It's worth the $20 and then some...."
,Recommended,319630,34911758,Posted: 12 September,all,Hakai-teki NA,"If I'm being honest, this wouldn't exactly be a game I would otherwise have chosen to play. I'm more into games which have a grander scale. But, after being recommended it, I bought it and decided to give it a try. ... My God, it was so worth it. I can only name a single major flaw in this game (beyond my personal biases) which is that ultimately your choices culminate in naught; you choose one path or another and that is how it ends. Other than that, 'Life is Strange' has an interesting plot, compelling characters who in their own ways have their own developments (even your main tormentor in later episodes...assuming you're patient with her of course, shows herself to be a decent person at heart), an absolutely amazing soundtrack (the outro of Episode 2 with it for example is masterful), and a lot of emotional weight. I'm not a sentimental person but this game had me bawling my eyes out several times (y'all know which moments I'm talking about).If you want a primarily linear experience which focuses on character development, exemplary story-telling and a ride on an emotional rollercoaster, take a chance on 'Life is Strange,' I hope you enjoy it just as much as I have."
76561197993132655,Recommended,319630,34914038,Posted: 12 September,all,Cpt. Neo,"I loved this game, it was like a good book you couldnt put down, incredable story telling, I absolutly love the chose your own adventure feel to the game.  this game rattled by brain and my emotions, well done"
,Recommended,319630,34913682,Posted: 12 September,all,Fusl,"This game is a MUST HAVE. It hast a great storyline and the devs put a whole lot of work into this... and most importantly, who the heck is cutting onions in here? I really love this game and I wish there were more episodes on this storyline (not Before The Storm)."
76561198048043429,Recommended,319630,34914441,Posted: 12 September,all,SonOfWrath,"(MUST READ REVIEW)Oh. My. God.Im writing this review just as im about to complete the 5th episode (the end of this game). And my heart is beating. So. Fast.This game has been the best gaming/story/emotional experience ever... I never saw myself being able to get so attatched to fictional characters, making the best choices I can and going back in time to make sure I was certain thats what I wanted to do. This game is absolutely full of opportunities and choices and little things that make it so brilliant. You cant waste a moment in this game. Look at everything, try everything, read everything. You have to actually care about this game. You cant blaze through it or you will miss a GIANT piece of information. Everything matters. What you say matters. Who yoy talk to and when matters. Where you stand matters. Literally everything.Call me puss, but this game had me crying, laughing, full of hatred, happy, excited, scared, worried, heart-broken, anything you can imagine. Trust me on this. Please. If you love stories, being a part of the story, love to feel adreneline, and everytbing else ive just said, buy this game, and all episodes. I got this first episode for free, (thank you so much Square Enix) and I instantly bought the other 4 episodes the second I finished the first one, downloaded it overnight and played it when I got up, before work, after work, after school. This game is ridiculously good. Ive never liked a game so much. This is better than any game, any movie, any show. Period. You will love this game I PROMISE YOU.Now. Excuse me while I end♥♥♥♥♥♥once and for all.Edit: I completed it... ♥♥♥♥ Sqaure Enix for what you made me do...Buy this game...In all honesty, 10/10. Even if you play through the story, you can do it again and have all different outcomes and experiences. I am in love with this game. If I would have known the quality of the game or what I would experience, I would have even paid about $50 for this. I swear to god this is beyond amazing.Edit 2: I have WAY more hours in this game than what it shows. I have ateast 25-30 hrs. I canot reccomend this game enough... Please please please."
76561198010442338,Recommended,319630,34848502,Posted: 9 September,all,StealthyKraken,"Do NOT get this SH*T GAME!S-SHUT UP!I'M N-NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING!"
,Recommended,319630,33124004,Posted: 2 July,all,CamoThePanda,This is probably one of the most emotional journey I've ever had in a video game and real life. IF you love yourself buy this game.
,Recommended,319630,24150114,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SoLa,My mom asked why did I buy 10 box of tissuesI told her that it was for me to masturbate but it is actually to wipe all my tears while playing this gameRating: 10 out of feels
76561198167281330,Recommended,319630,34464577,Posted: 24 August,all,lydiot,This game ♥♥♥♥ed with me more than anyone ever did.
76561198052969834,Recommended,319630,34817736,Posted: 8 September,all,Freezing,"This has to be one of the best (if not actually the best) games that I've played so far in my entire life. Still, it has some negatives, for instance that the ""freedom of choice"" is basically a well-made illusion and many of your choices may not even matter later on.I also experienced some weird sound bugs during the gameplay, like that sometimes (every 5 - 10 minutes) in the middle of a dialog there was approx. 50ms sound cut, or generally the first and the last cutscenes from every episode were a lot louder than the actual game itself, even when I tried to tweak the volume in the options. (Well, after all it doesn't have to mean much, since it can also be a problem on my side tbh.)On the bright side, the game includes a top notch soundtrack which totally fits the atmosphere, and the story's just AMAZING! (There are some minor plot holes and ofc. little things that I personally would change about it, but hey, nothing can be perfect) General theme of the game suits it well - you're playing as an 18 year old wannabe artist girl capable of altering the course time, but dealing with her teenage problems. From the perspective of an 18 year old guy, I have to admit that I cringed during a few scenes, but since I'm in the same age as the main protagonist, I found myself in the story pretty easily and understood it mainly due to my teenage experience.That also might be one of the game's positive/negative, since it has it's target group. If I were 25+, I'm sure it wouldn't entertain me as much since clearly there's the casual teenage drama motive there. On the other hand, If I were younger (for ex. 10), I probably wouldn't understand the struggle that the main characters are going through during their teenage-early adult years.TL;DR; If you're 15 - 20 y/o, this game's DEFINITELY for you. But even else, it's a masterpiece worth buying and playing.95/100"
76561198002399369,Recommended,319630,34817780,Posted: 8 September,all,Fox1t,"One of the best games I've ever played in my life. Few games made me cry like this one, If you like a different experience in gaming with a compeling and well-written storytelling this is a game for you!"
76561198140129196,Recommended,319630,19050720,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,BOT Eru,I love this game cause the graphics are good and the UI is friendly to new players. What attracts me most is the great story line. I love it.
,Recommended,319630,34771443,Posted: 6 September,all,SoulRippreOfficial,Riley Rewind: The Video Game.
76561197983082739,Recommended,319630,21697044,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,jds68060,"Just like the characters and themes expressed throughout, this ""game"" is quite simply a work of inspired & passionate art.  I found the intermediary decisions along the way to be the most difficult, while the final decision was the only one I made with no hesitation, and with no rewind or remorse: the experience and feeling was that powerful and confirming.  I may be well beyond my college years, but I felt myself back in that same uncomfortable and unsettling time period though the lens of Max's eyes.  The team that developed this is not only underrated, but under-appreciated.  Life IS strange, but this game is not:  it is inspired, visionary, and reflective of the best aspects of what it is to be human: fragile, limited, and intimately connected to others. Buy without hesitation."
,Recommended,319630,21701858,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,VVarevvolf,"Did you ever sit in front of an early game console and wonder what the future of video games would be like? What the most realistic game ever made might look decades from then? The thoughts going through your head might have been about photo realistic graphics, or virtual reality, maybe both?Some kind of danger room or a holodeck style experience, I know I did.What I never counted on was that, for all the excellent strides we've made in technology, presentation, interactivity, story telling and delivery, the most tangible, the most real emotional responses in games can -even now- all hinge on the quality of writing and performance.But when it comes together right, all the captivatingly earnest performances and exuberant writing in the world can never have the same power over the reader or the watcher as it can over the player. A narrative you are forced to move through under your own power can be so much more. A good Video Game doesn't happen in front of you, You move through it, you dive into what is strewn out before you and see what it is for yourself, where it can take you.I have been in love with games for 23 years or more and for me, for what I want from Games and Art and the future; Life Is Strange is the best example of player driven story telling I've allowed myself to dive in on. Top to bottom, from the almost unfinished art style to the quivering emotion in exceptional voice recording sessions. Life Is Strange is a triumph.I am willing to overlook any fault in light of what has been accomplished. Dontnod could never make another game half as good as Life Is Strange and they would remain one of the most important developers in front of us right now.I encourage everyone to put aside what they may think of games, this genre, teenage drama, or any other barrier you have to playing and see for yourself one of the many seeds of what will grow into the future of narrative in games."
,Recommended,319630,34735778,Posted: 4 September,all,RoanKn6401,"An absolutely fantastic game.Life Is Strange certainly lives up to the hype. Whilst the plot is very hard-hitting at times, it is well thought out, in fact enough to trigger emotions and for you to feel a personal connection with characters within the story. The stunning visuals are maintained throughout the various plot twists, and only enhance gameplay even more. I would definitely recommend the game, and if you haven't already purchased episodes 2-5, I'd say you must."
,Recommended,319630,30094108,Posted: 21 February,all,glory096,Piece of art
,Recommended,319630,27428315,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,☣ Annie ☣,"One of my favourites :) Great story, unique and nice graphics, I can't say anything bad."
,Recommended,319630,32409020,Posted: 14 June,all,Daniel Potter,"If i had to give an award for the ""most cinematic game"", then i would give it to Life is Strange.Life is strange is made by Dontnode, the same people that made Remember Me. That game was an ok fighting game, with a great concept where you could alter memory. There would be scenes where you would be altering somebody's memory in that game. You could be rewind the scene back and forth, and there would be things you could change, which could cause a different effect.This game basically took that concept, but made their next game an adventure game. Except that the main character in the game can rewind time rather than alter memories. I hope you see the range of possibilities you can have with that?But enough of that. This game is trully a masterpiece of game cinematrography. The music, the camera, the details of the environment. Don't believe me? Play the first episode which is free.Believe me, if that won't grip you, then nothing will.ps: It's actually quite unbelievable how detailed it is. When you look up close, the textures are actually very low res, but with a certain distance in between, they look amazingly good."
,Recommended,319630,14374838,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lord Denley,DAMN: Everything esculates....
76561198104506250,Recommended,319630,25300490,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,tuckerde,"This is the first review I've ever posted on Steam, and this game absolutely deserves it.  It starts as an artsy game that gives you choices that affect character development and further actions of those characters.  It ends as a game that has you on the edge of your seat trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together and holding your breath when you finally figure it out.  It begins beautifully, the chase and mystery in the middle are phenomenal, and it's honestly the best final two hours of a game I've ever played.This game will reel you in, make you connect with the characters, and actually think and care about your choices.  It has a beautiful way of making your decisions count.  The graphics don't try to be hyper realistic, but they're stunning and build an incredible atmosphere that makes you feel like you're right there.Life Is Strange is full of mystery, terror, excitement, emotion, and beautiful moments.  I don't have enough words to describe this masterpiece, so please play it for yourself.  This game is an absolute must-play."
76561198055395965,Recommended,319630,25325200,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rumix,"This game trully take my heart like no other game before. I wanna rewind the time and play it again like a first time. It will take a while before I forget this amazing story.----Emotions, crying, laugh guaranteed----""SuperMax"""
,Recommended,319630,25356867,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[GBE] SwiggitySwooty,This game is easily my most favourite game of all time. I can't even express how amazing of a game this is.
76561198148522913,Recommended,319630,25367584,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bones,I got the chills several times while playing this game.
,Recommended,319630,25624711,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,fiinz,One one the best games I've played for the last years.A trully interactive storytelling experience.
,Recommended,319630,28819884,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ikilledharrambe,"In the past 2 years or so there have only been a couple games that I haven't been able to stop playing until completion. Dying Light, Shadow of Mordor, The Witcher 3, and now Life is Strange. This little game is in pretty damn good company.Of course the subject matter of the Butterfly Effect and Chaos Theory is not new to storytelling, but the way DONTNOD incorporate it creates just an absolutely enthralling story that if it were a novel, I wouldn't be able to put down, but since it's a game, I just couldn't quit to the main menu. I had to continue.I picked it up during the sale, so I got this absolutely beautiful masterpiece for $5, but even if you find it not on sale, it is worth the pickup. I promise, you will be just as enthralled as I was and if not feel free to spam me with hate mail."
,Recommended,319630,28926589,Posted: 1 January,all,Hypogogix,Play this game. I'm so torn about what to think of it now that I have completed it. It's like being in control of decisions made in your favourite soap except the writers have written the most gut wrenching of story line. Well thought out and completely different from what you would come to expect from a game. I really really enjoyed this game. You will to. You cant not.
76561197994056558,Recommended,319630,28991819,Posted: 3 January,all,M M,"One of the best games I've played in years, and they even made the first episode free. If you like that, you'll be blown away by the rest of the game."
,Recommended,319630,29244648,Posted: 14 January,all,Jul the Fool,"It's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good. I could use a lot of pretty words and long metaphors to talk about what this game means to me, but I would rather just tell you that this game offers something truly worth experiencing first hand."
,Recommended,319630,29247725,Posted: 14 January,all,Ƨuzan™,"This was an absolute delight to play. The story was captivating from the start all the way to the end. Never lost interest to it and not once did it get boring. I thought it also was fantastic how they managed to put certain twists in the story as well, that at least for me came as a total surprise. Wonderful game and I do recommend it to everyone who enjoys highly story driven games, where you do need to actually think and consider the decisions you make and how they might affect the story."
76561197962320786,Recommended,319630,29321384,Posted: 17 January,all,Mr.Nefarious,"If I had to write down one word that describes Life Is Strange, it would be  ""masterpiece"". This is one of the absolute best singleplayer games that I've had the pleasure of experiencing in a long time. Telltale games, grab a pen and a stack of paper - you are going to be taking a lot of notes on how to make a real single player experience where player choices ACTUALLY matter (spoiler alert: your hands are going to hurt from all the notetaking). Dontnod and Square Enix, be proud of your accomplishment. To whomever is reading this review: shame on you if you let money factor into your decision to play this game as it's worth every penny and more. I strongly believe that Life Is Strange has raised the bar so high that it will be a very, very long time until we see a game to come close to matching its calibre."
,Recommended,319630,29326622,Posted: 17 January,all,Z-95,"Spectacular. One of the best story-focused and character-driven games I have played. It is clear a lot of love went into creating an immersive world full of locations and characters that actually feel real. While the game-play premise of rewinding time is fantastical, it isn't the main focus of the game and serves to only better explore and understand the things and people around you. Also, your decisions carry weight and make you stop and think what is the better (or least bad) choice to make.It is rare for me to so much enjoy a game this much; one where I willingly spend time looking for more things to look at and explore to learn more about the world. Max immediately grew on me as I seemed to relate to her and understand her, and I think her character is what really made this game special.Everyone should at least give this game a try."
,Recommended,319630,29454099,Posted: 23 January,all,zombian,"What an awesome game! I fell in love with the characters and story, aided by some great voice acting and cinematography. The time-based mechanics made for some really interesting puzzles, none of which were insanely difficult (although some required weird positioning to trigger). Getting a video game character to come across as unique and believable can be difficult, but Chloe has ended up being one of my fav. characters in recent memory. I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys adventure games or just a good narrative as this game features better writing and directing than most films I've seen lately. There's a director's commentary mode which I definitely plan on replaying with, you can tell a lot of talent and love went into making this game. I would love to see a sequel from Square-Enix!"
76561198071872708,Recommended,319630,29621692,Posted: 31 January,all,Gookies5,"This.  Game.  Wow...  Not only does it tread in water no game really has gone before, but the storytelling along the way is incredible.  So many different emotions evoked by such a masterpiece.  Powerful and smart, this game has really been a delight to play.  Highly recommended."
76561197984139520,Recommended,319630,29661906,Posted: 2 February,all,william_stout,"Every once in a while, you come across a game that breaks all the rules. This is one of them. It is a game that is difficult to classify. There are some elements of adventure, there is mystery, day to day angst, tragedy, and finally there are hard choices.Set in a small Northwestern town, the story opens at a school for gifted students. But there is a dark undercurrent in both the town and the school. And while you explore that, you will also explore your own heart. The heroine of the story is eighteen year old Maxine Caufield, but she prefers to go by Max.The game is brought to life by exceptional graphics, incredible voice acting, and an unforgettable soundtrack. You will explore time, different realities, and ultimately the consequences of your actions. The game is worth every penny of it's price tag and will offer a gaming experience that you will never forget.It's offbeat, irreverent, and I applaud the creators for their accomplishment. If you haven't played this game and like games that are story driven and make you think, then you will love this game."
76561197973279912,Recommended,319630,30715458,Posted: 24 March,all,Damien,"Life is Strange is a beautiful little game with really heart moving moments. While I'm not a huge fan of the High School setting, I am a big fan of the characters and their behaviour. Many other games offer a ""your actions matter"" feature, but in Life is Strange you actually get a bit worried about what might happen. The choices you have are not always black and white either, but have grey options that will leave you wondering what comes next.The games was made on a limited budget and that shows in the graphics. It's not as smooth as what we've come to expect from games these days, but I find that only adds to the charm. I can guarantee that what this game lacks in graphics, it makes up for in character and gameplay.Have fun!"
,Recommended,319630,30731187,Posted: 25 March,all,Time_Lord,Haven't played anything like this game. Haven't cried so much either. What a game.Screw Arcadia Bay. I love Chloe.
76561198202022263,Recommended,319630,30731281,Posted: 25 March,all,Fallen Brony,I need to rewind to the time I brought this game and play it all over again!The feels is strong in this one 10/10
,Recommended,319630,30731913,Posted: 25 March,all,daneel,"I have been playing games for many years and I have hundreds of them in my library. This, however, is my first every steam review. This game is pure art. Play it."
76561198171750818,Recommended,319630,30733269,Posted: 25 March,all,lizbook,"I don't know why I like this game so much. The slang's clunky and the plot's a bit of a mess. For the first two episodes, I wanted to walk away from Chloe and never look back. But by the end, I loved Max and Chloe and their drama-filled high school. I really cared about what was going to happen to them.When I remember it now, it's kind of like remembering a summer, if that makes sense: this idyllic memory of spending time with good friends, interspersed with the terrible feeling that soon it -- high school, friendship, everything -- will change irrevocably. For all of the game's quirks, I think it captures THAT feeling perfectly. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,20197725,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Pexsis,"i wish i could forget this game just so i will be able to feel it again.this game is just amazing, no need for other words.btw, in this game choices actually affect the story (AHM TELLTALE AHMHMMH)"
,Recommended,319630,28080045,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Demonus,this is on game with a great story and i hope they make a season 2 for this game. the story just suckes you in and won't let you go. i all i have to say is one of the best story driven games i have played in 2016.
76561198076084516,Recommended,319630,31881819,Posted: 21 May,all,Alaris,"This game builds an amazing atmosphere that allows you to enjoy the most trivial moments. Visuals and soundtrack are amazing and voice acting is excellent. It's not perfect and the teen drama can be a bit annoying to more mature gamers, but it's still very much worth the time and money."
,Recommended,319630,31882527,Posted: 21 May,all,Nes,I'd let Max rewind time with my memories erased so I could savour the story once again.
,Recommended,319630,31888990,Posted: 21 May,all,Exile,"Hardest desicion:""Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die"" vs ""♥♥♥♥ you"""
,Recommended,319630,33546024,Posted: 14 July,all,Kyle,Best game i've played
,Recommended,319630,29345633,Posted: 18 January,all,mgr inż. Cris,i'm crying... 10/10
,Recommended,319630,14493254,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,xveganrox,"I only write Steam reviews about a few games that I either really like or really dislike. This game is the former. I've played a lot of adventure games, from Telltale's games to the old Gabriel Knight games to Syberia to Sanitarium. I'm honestly more a fan of older adventure games for the most part. Life is Strange might be my new favourite adventure game of all time, though, if the next episodes are as good as the first one. I don't expect games to get everything right, but Life Is Strange somehow does. The character models and art direction or perfect, the cinematography is perfect, the soundtrack is beyond perfect, and the story - the most important part - is so far incredibly compelling. One of the problems that adventure games run into is puzzles. Typical adventure game puzzles involve combining two or more items then using them on something. Life Is Strange completely circumvents that: there aren't really many ""puzzles,"" instead there are just decisions you make. None of them seem to be wrong decisions, andall of them can be changed in the short term, because as part of the plot you can travel back in time. This isn't a game that's going to make you combine a taser with a butterfly net and a rake to proceed. The actions you make are decisions, and they feel like they matter.The characters are awesome and relatable and I can't wait to see where the story goes. I really can't imagine anyone playing this game and not really enjoying it. Even if you don't like adventure games, you should give this a shot - it really doesn't follow the gameplay style of most adventure games."
,Recommended,319630,15498289,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,first_knight117,Don't miss this hidden gem. They really don't make games like this anymore...it's a pure joy to play. Unlike so many others who SAY they want to set out to redefine something...DontNod actually does it. I didn't think there was anything original left in gaming but this developer has happily proven me wrong.Get this game now!
,Recommended,319630,17262068,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Vinn,"This has to be one of the greatest games I've ever played and by far the best episodic game out. For real though if you are thinking of getting this game just get it, you will not be disapointed.1000000/10"
,Recommended,319630,17303081,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Invisible Milk,This has been the one of the best story rich games I have played to this day.
76561198076134262,Recommended,319630,18459146,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Soulpixels,"Theres alot i can say about this game, and the first thing im going to say is that i absolutely loved it from beginning till end. Not many games on the market today enable the player to actually feel; or get tied into a story quite like Life Is Strange. One of the best games ive ever played. If you havent bought it yet, BUY IT. YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED."
76561198009754710,Recommended,319630,18619548,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Victarion Greyjoy,Such an amazing game i just had too give it a thumbs up. This game is a landmark in video game history
76561198128089525,Recommended,319630,18619599,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shayla,Life is Strange is an incredibly fun game to play and one you won't soon forget. =)
,Recommended,319630,18619698,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Morgan Freeman,Episode 1: First world problems simulator 2k15Episode the rest: Ultimate feels trip10/10 Legit one of the best stories I've had the pleasure to experience.
76561198029800054,Recommended,319630,18577900,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Alina Dahlia,COME ON !! just finish download ep 5 and suddenly it crash after we go back in time on the very first scene in the chapteram i the only one here who experienced this ?
,Recommended,319630,33684558,Posted: 20 July,all,Crowley 42,"This game is unphatomable, I will not waste words describing how great it is because I know I can not.Instead, I will explain what problems other people have with it.Your choices do not matter: Altough your choices do not affect the conclusion if you chose the second ending, it still affects the gameplay right until that point and highly influences the players moral compass during the game and changes the gameplay itself. If you chose the first ending your choices do matter, the game just ends and we don't see what will happen.Cringy voice lines: I can't argue with that one, some of the voice lines do seem like what an 80 year old man would say after googleing ""hip"" but the characters mostly joke around with this kind of wording and I found it to be more entertaining than annoying. There is no excuse for the text messages though.Unlikeable characters: This one is interesting, I totally disliked both main characters, Chloe is the kind of girl I would avoid even going near. But I would say that this is more of a positive influence, because no matter how annoying Max was with disliking vaccines and finding cigarettes disgusting while commenting on how gay E-cigarettes are, the game made me like both characters because of how emotional the ""adventure"" was. No other game made me like a character who I disagree with on pretty much everything I have heard her opinion about. And this game did it twice.Side characters are not complex enough: The characters who do not play major roles are not complex, but I think they souldn't be. They barely know you, why should they tell you about themselves? But look at Warren for example. He doesn't affect the story but we see him a lot around and making him a creep/stalker wannabe boyfriend is a lot more complex than the basic niceguy boyfriend we mostly get from videogames. Especially because you have to notice that he is a creep.In conclusion, experience this game for yourself and form your own opinion, it is worth more than everything else in your Steam Library."
,Recommended,319630,30051341,Posted: 19 February,all,Vox,Simply Beautiful.
,Recommended,319630,27976971,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Surph,"Whichever way you look at it, adventure game or interactive narrative, it's the best one out there, surpassing even all the TellTale games. Great story that throws you for a loop (in more ways than one), great characters, great music. It works brilliantly on all levels."
76561198059989963,Recommended,319630,33620492,Posted: 17 July,all,Günther The Pleasureman,"Wowzer!This had been quite a ride and one of my best game experiences maybe even the best.I wish i could rewind so I could replay this spectacular game being clueless over and over again.Although, rewinding wont erase my memory.....All that there is left to say is that LiS equals to MAXimum greatness!"
76561198091878560,Recommended,319630,33178283,Posted: 3 July,all,OR1G1NAL,Great game with a very fitting music that gives a deeper depth to the game.One of the best games i´ve ever played 10/10.
76561198062119584,Recommended,319630,33323454,Posted: 6 July,all,Cuprin,"I'm going to be hands down honest, this is one of the most emotionally touching games i have played in a long while.-The graphics are very pleasing-The characters are very memorable-the ost is amazing, i actually went out of y to search the songs up and they did not disappoint.-the story is outstanding and very touching.Amazing work from all the developers that were a part of creating this masterpiece.I rate this 11/10 from the bottom of my heart"
,Recommended,319630,20154907,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rushhawk,y'know this is my favourite game and probably always will bealsorip flying nun
,Recommended,319630,33712174,Posted: 21 July,all,Dancer,The feels are too much man
76561198163968633,Recommended,319630,33428329,Posted: 10 July,all,BuNdL,"I've got a lot of recommendations for this game, and I finally bought it on the last summer sale. Also, I read bunch of reviews, and they were all positive.This game is so well organised. You have your own diary and in case you missed something in the story, you can always just press TAB and find out something that you forgot. Every character has its own personality, and that is great, because you are somehow connected with all of them.In this game, you make your own decisions, and it will affect next episodes. Personally, there were some hard decisions for me, especially the last one, and it seems that everyone struggled to make that last, final decision.I've never played anything like this, and I'm sad that this game had to end. For me the best thing about this game is, that it is so unpredictable, and you keep thinking about your decisions over and over again.I hope Life is Strange: Before the Storm will be as good as this game, maybe even better, and I hope that I will find out more about Racheal and Chloe.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33719555,Posted: 22 July,all,Rossiar,"When I was recommended this game as ""the first game to out-Telltale the Telltale games"" I was skeptical. I have never played games of this sort before and was unsure that I would enjoy the experience.I was totally unprepared for how captivating and beautiful this game was. It hit me emotionally, presented me complex problems to solve and had me sat staring at my screen for minutes at a time - desperately trying to decide what I was going to do next.The characters come to life through the conversation interactions, the voice acting lending genuine authenticity to all the people you meet in Arcadia Bay. The lovely pastel artwork of the entire game lends itself equally well to the establishing shots of an  idyllic sunny town to the much darker scenes late in the game.I couldn't recommend this game enough, it comes as close to video game art as I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,319630,33704800,Posted: 21 July,all,Below Zero,"Exceptional by any measure. Story, art, music, voice acting, characterisation, pacing are all superb.The first episode sets up the story and does a good job, but it's the second and third episodes where the series really begins to shine. Early on you're asked to make some decisions which ""have consequences"" and yet you feel ill-prepared, unable to judge where they might alter or limit choices further on. At the time I thought this would be frustrating but actually it's not unlike life in that you won't necessarily know all the implications of choices you make, only here the decisions are highlighted as consequential. The game does respect these decisions but isn't punitive about it. Most of the decisions as presented aren't clear ""right and wrong"" options, which is to the game's credit.Max's superpower, which could have been used to cover a multitude of sins, instead is carefully managed and only serves to further the story and make the game more forgiving during the few quick-time events. It's cleverly done and the limitations only really felt in one or two scenes.The story is the real star here. At the end of episode 3 I thought I knew where it was heading and it still managed to surprise me throughout episode 4. The final episode has to wrap things up and I feel isn't quite as strong for that, but still manages to provide an emotional journey that's as enjoyable as it is heart-wrenching.If there are any negatives, perhaps hunting down some of the achievements can distract from total imersion in the story, but there are some lovely little puzzles involved in unlocking them and other little moments so it is worth seeking them out.Overall, it's definitely in my top 5 games of all time. I want to spend more time in Arcadia Bay."
,Recommended,319630,26945815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trevr™,"The First Episode is free, Come on, you'll love it. Just try it out."
,Recommended,319630,25390865,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Trzy,Best game of it's genre. Would definitely recommend.
76561198050933573,Recommended,319630,25395710,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Heaven,"Life is Strange taught me many things. One of which is even with the power of change, in the end, you would still realise you couldn't change anything because I AM SITTING HERE PLAYING THIS GAME INSTEAD OF DOING SOMETHING ABOUT MY LIFE. But seriously though. BEST. GAME. EVER.10 out 10 people would play Max's life instead of doing something about their own."
,Recommended,319630,26000765,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The Russian Hulk,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,319630,25701779,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,red.heron,"As a teacher of philosophy, I often struggle with ways to teach my students, especially the younger ones, many of the themes this brings up, including:The impact of choice (causality, karma, whatever you call it)The interconnection of everything, and how we each matter to others.The value of friendship.That it's never too late to try to make right what isn't.That acceptance trumps hate in general.That we all have opportunities for things that we miss, all the time, everywhere.It took me 12 hours to play the full game. This was the shortest chapter, lasting just 2 hours. But it's the best. And ignorance of the ending is best. I love the full game, but really... you have to play this chapter."
,Recommended,319630,26003872,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Darkshark1616,"Great game about friendship, choice and time. Hits in the feels too."
76561198052262078,Recommended,319630,26007831,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Moody Cow,Make a god dam movie or at least a tv series. Suddenly Square Enix become the richest game company ever...
,Recommended,319630,26002090,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Pchan,"This is a review of all the episodes.The main gimmick of Life is Strange is that you are able to see the immediate consequences of your choices and can change your mind if you want.For the most part, it works extremely well and is a fresh approach to an adventure game. As you see consequences of actions long time after you made your choice, the game also promotes the idea that there is never a single ""right"" choice and that you cannot predict the long-term outcome completely. However the ending was very disappointing for reasons that I will not spoil in detail but it conflicted with that idea and ended up souring the experience as a whole which is a real shame.Life is strange is very well made for the major part of the game but struggles with the ending which is a real disappointment."
,Recommended,319630,33561875,Posted: 15 July,all,Billninxc,"The Most Influential&Impressive Game I've Ever Played.This game literally let me understand that: You can never change the reality for the people you love even you have the superpower. like the Equitable Exchange Theory, you might need to sacrifice more because u love her deeply and save her in  the every critial time, again and again.However, u can't save her forever and u will be alone because everyone leaves you but the guy u love can't understand what you went through.10/10 Honestly.   Every Frame For Wallpaper!"
,Recommended,319630,33594707,Posted: 16 July,all,Taisteluhobitti,This game is competing with Skyrim for my favourite game.Pros:+ Really good music+ Amazing story (Your choices matter and overall the best story in any game i have played.)+ Well made characters+ Addictive+ Destroyed me emotionallyCons:- I will never find a game like this again- I want to rewind my memories back so i can play it again and again- Sometimes bugs so you have to load a previous saveOverall the best game i have ever played.
76561198026951600,Recommended,319630,33675634,Posted: 20 July,all,E E L I C S,nice game for mitja
,Recommended,319630,32912687,Posted: 27 June,all,KouhaiKun,Very fun and made my brain functioning to remember and try to make a right choice.Nice story and plotVery recommend it to others
76561198024405281,Recommended,319630,20358255,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,altibeest,"I've waited way too long to pick up this game. From the moment I played the demo I knew there was something special about it.Above all else I want to say this first: the detail and design in Life Is Srange is incredible and makes you feel like (and wish that) you are right there. The impeccable sound design matches everything you see on and off screen and never ceases to be pleasant, whether you're listening sliding acoustic guitars and max' commentary while taking in the atmosphere or simply walking around, talking to others and solving puzzles. Everything has a unique yet oddly realistic look to it and the animations are hands down the most convincing I have seen in any game (e.g. skaters).When it comes down to gameplay, the game never overuses its time mechanic and is always pretty straight forward, which wasn't an issue for me personally, but might be a bit of a problem for more action- and difficulty-oriented players. Max' surroundings are fully interactive to learn more about the setting and the history of the town and characters, and the time mechanic adds an extra sauce on top of that to make sure you don't have to deal with any avoidable consequences.Another thing I love about this game is the writing and voice acting. I really believed these characters and was often smiling watching their interactions and recognised real teenage traits throughout. Max even comments on every situation that nudges towards corniness or clichés and has a perfect attitude in her voice in everything she says.Make no mistake: this is a story-driven game like no other, but an incredibly good one at that. Not a classical college movie, but a laid back ride focusing on relatable peronal matters and a mystical overarching story to spice it up. Although some might find it an unnecessary plot device, for me it really gives the game an extra shine to its already fantastic foundation.Having left high school 3 years ago myself, Life Is Strange really plucked a sensitive string with me. It filled up the gaping hole that started growing after I graduated (even in college) and relaxed me more than anything I can remember. It gave me the NG+ I wanted of those time and was at times even a trip down memory lane.And oh yeah: I've only played episode one so far. So please give it a chance.Love,A guy with a continuous cozy feeling since playing LIS"
76561198043707766,Recommended,319630,16668504,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Green Macho,This game ♥♥♥♥s me up. I love it.
,Recommended,319630,31295997,Posted: 22 April,all, Natalia.Pi ,NEED LIS SEASON 2 LIKE RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,319630,31313529,Posted: 22 April,all,arkay,Best SinglePlayer Game I´ve ever played . Brilliant and very touching story
,Recommended,319630,31366040,Posted: 25 April,all,Dayna Ann,"Flawless soundtrack, enchanting characters, beautiful imagery and a twisted/emotional story. One of my all time favourite games."
,Recommended,319630,31376193,Posted: 26 April,all,BipolarBear,I Loved the game. The story line was awesome and I loved the characters. The voice acting was on point. I would suggest this game.
,Recommended,319630,31432147,Posted: 28 April,all,RainbowNightmare,I never thought i'd be so emotional for a game. That ending though picking the left option at the very end really really killed me. It might start off boring or even slow but at the end I really couldn't hold my emotions long. This is the kinda game that is just pure amazing epic. I haven't cried this much since I reached the end of mass effect 3 with all dlc. There is nothing mroe i recommend than this series. It's amazing what they did.
76561198011109549,Recommended,319630,31440027,Posted: 29 April,all,magic-mushroom,Life is Strange is the most amazing experience I've ever had in my long gamer live :) It gives more difficult choices than the ones in Witcher 3.
,Recommended,319630,31449591,Posted: 29 April,all,1WeirdPanda,"This is my favorite game!From the story to the connection with the characters.It's truly a great game! If you're the guy that likes to explore more than to just play the game, then this game is great for you!"
76561198008990409,Recommended,319630,31433311,Posted: 28 April,all,Cicero V,"Love you Max, love you Chloe... Totally distraught by the last choice.A masterpiece of story driven game. Must buy."
,Recommended,319630,30171847,Posted: 25 February,all,Prokill,Out standing game. Easily in my top 3 games of all time.PS. The soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,319630,18211319,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Nourhan Zaki,I am SO phsyced by this game I think about it continuously like as if i am in a relationship :'D I love it to be honest and I strongly recommend itworth the cash
76561198060986595,Recommended,319630,33670785,Posted: 20 July,all,Solidshakerx,"Questions1. Wanna feel messed up?2. Want a game ruin your daily/weekly mood?3. Want to mess up your mind experience?OrDon't Have a good book or don't read books?Purchase this now and startTrippinand free depression included.(Warning feelings are not refundable, use at your own risk)"
,Recommended,319630,33672806,Posted: 20 July,all,Karl Marx,Absolute must-have. This is one of the very few games where you whish you could erase your memory and play it again.
,Recommended,319630,33153746,Posted: 2 July,all,The Phantom,"Certainly one of the best games I've played in recent years. I'll give it a 9.5/10 lip syncing is off and a part towards the end Max and Waren's lips didn't even move, should've been fixed before which was fixed in a really limited edition that was released a while after the full game release along with the full soundtrack but it's a pretty small detail and didn't take any enjoyment out apart from when I first started playing, it stopped being a problem to me after the first episode. Definitely worth the buy!"
76561198226362380,Recommended,319630,16669897,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Pheurton Skeurto,"This is one of those things that will leave you thinking. A LOT.This is the Siamese Dream of videogames. It's not too conceptual, it's not too serious, sometimes it's sad, has a very nostalgic atmosphere, and sometimes makes you really angry. Few things evoke such angst ridden and bittersweet memories like this, and this game it's one of my favourites already.Games like Life Is Strange, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and Dear Esther have a special place in my heart, if it's not too cliché to say this, but I can never find the right words to express all my feelings for these games.[I bet those games will be considered contemporary works of art in less than a decade]"
,Recommended,319630,16669468,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,OMNOMSUSHI,"Wow I really enjoy this game. I purchased the game on sale and dove right in without any expectations since I hadn't heard of the game before. Within the first five minutes, I was hooked. It's like reading an amazing book that you just can't put down but with choices that have an effect on future dialogue and events. The art style of the game is simplistic, yet beautiful and vibrant. The game is broken down into chapters and at the time of writing, three of the five chapters are available. I cannot wait for the next one! The characters are memorable and relatable, which helps create a deep story that will take you on a rollercoaster of emotion.Tl;dr: this game is beautiful.Edit: Post-episode 5: This game has taken me on a journey that extends into my own personal life. It has not only taught me how fragile life can be, but how important those around you really are. Whether you're into psychological thrillers or teenage dramas, this game is for you."
76561198065681143,Recommended,319630,16531993,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Woah,"Life is Strange is my favorite game so far, it has a great story and wonderfull characters.10/10Only problem is the lip syncYou should buy it"
,Recommended,319630,32435100,Posted: 15 June,all,harunaTAKrapopo (hallfwayToDR3),"Actually i think this game is overrated (?)well the story is all good, but the development still weak, and after other tear-jerker japanese VN and stuff, this game not really make me cry"
,Recommended,319630,32438538,Posted: 15 June,all,Orthh,this gone freepaydays 2 gone free ♥♥♥♥ OFF
,Recommended,319630,29584499,Posted: 30 January,all,☭ ноль ☭,"""Save the grill F*** the bay""Worth 4.99$ and can't wait for the sequel"
76561198010348102,Recommended,319630,24666216,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,N€M N€M,"As a fan of Telltale games when I heard about this I was a little sceptical. DONTNOD were only known to me for their title Remember Me, which Ironically is a game I had all but forgotten about. So going into this with somewhat low expectations I was pretty quickly blown away by how well the game was put together. The art-style is pleasant, the soundtrack phenomanal and the story captivating. It also caters to all kinds of players; Whether you like to rush a game from start to finish, if you love finding collectibles (Photographs), if you enjoy reading backstory and lore (Max's Journal).And hey, the first Ep is free so why are you down here. Go play the first ep for yourself and be your own judge."
,Recommended,319630,33849603,Posted: 27 July,all,shadow,im not crying ur crying
76561198069709266,Recommended,319630,27773736,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Firextinguisher,"The first episode is like onion scented flammable gas, only makes you slightly sad, the next 4 episodes are the ♥♥♥♥ing flamethrowers.10/10: Would nominate for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” award again."
76561198125969197,Recommended,319630,33872091,Posted: 28 July,all,ingocastilho,"Im a first person shooter/third person RPG kind of gamer so Life is Strange did not really catch my attention when it came out. But after a close friend begged me to get it i decided to pick it up and give it a try. Started the game thinking it was going to be just another low budget game with a cool story, boy was I wrong. I was not ready for the emotional ride this game takes you though. There is nothing out there like it,  the storyline, soundtrack, artistic graphics, plot twists, all of which suck you in and play with your emotions throught the game. The voice acting alone is award winning stuff. Highly recommend it even if your not into this genre. You will be a different person at the end of it all.Positives-*great artistic feel to the graphics*well writen storyline that keeps you wanting more*superb voice acting, trully outstanding*unique soundtrack featuring some great artists*great bang for your buckNegatives*some querky scenes that feel out of place (happens rarely)*sometimes the lips dont match the voice(seems to have been fixed in later episodes)*Somewhat of a limited environment to explore and interact withOverall the game is a must buy, its like finding a really really good book or movie but here you're in control and you decide the outcome."
,Recommended,319630,31825499,Posted: 18 May,all,Frexter,"One of the most engaging stories I've had the pleasure of experiencing.Don't let the facade of cringey dialogue steer you away, it gets better and it will grow on you.Has one of the best soundtrack in a game to date, that perfectly captures the emotion of the story.I grew to love the characters and this world, and was sad to see it end."
,Recommended,319630,18786224,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Buraccio,"Not so original, but a well presented and enjoyable game."
76561198160249396,Recommended,319630,33919910,Posted: 30 July,all,Curbbin,"Yes, DON'T skip on the opertunity to play this game!"
76561198164579123,Recommended,319630,29954187,Posted: 15 February,all,Spear180,"That was SO GOOD. The characters seemed like real people, Max's power made for a really cool mechanic, and all of the player's choises really mattered. It was also incredibly emotional. As soon as I recover from the emotional fallout, I'm going to go back and play through this again!"
,Recommended,319630,28803179,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,黄昏 // Senja,"Just.. I wish I didn't break my xbox controller because everytime my decisions has come into the consequences, I can't think anything but scream and smashing that controller.. away..basically, Life Is Strange taught us to pick your choice and stick with it with all.. your best faith...can't ask more than this. 10/10. I regret I didn't buy it earlier when it hyped. It must be feeling so fantastic talking with each other about conspiracy surrounding this game at the time."
,Recommended,319630,20156274,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GFB The White,By far the best story game I have played.
,Recommended,319630,20267272,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,miver,This is just an amazing game.
76561198258932615,Recommended,319630,20269628,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ehys,"Such an amazing game. Had a blast while playing and felt so many different emotions. I laughed, I cried, I got angry and it was absolutely worth it. If you have the chance, purchase this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,319630,20154344,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Harry Potter,This game made me cry 10/10
,Recommended,319630,27999830,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bluntbody,love
,Recommended,319630,33930301,Posted: 31 July,all,Chloxine,Life is strange is possibly my favorite game of all time. I wish i had played through it sooner than i did. As soon as i finished my first playthrough the first thing it did was start a second one and then the same for the third one. The game starts off relativly slowly but really picks up between episodes 2 - 4. Some of the choices that the players are forced to make can be simple ones (e.g clearly the right/wrong thing to do) however some of them are in a grey area and it can be really difficult to decide what to choose. The characters are belivable and all have their own personality. It is also nice that max has some comment on pretty much everything around her making the game much more imersive. The game also destroyed me emotionally which very few games have managed to do. Some disadvantages to the game would be the underdeveloped stealth sections (of which there are only two and they are relativly short) as well as the bieng asked to find the those bottles >:(. Episode 5 did also not quite live up to my expectations (when compared to the episodes 2-4) no to say its bad but its just not quite as good. Overall i would recomend that most people play through this game (or at the very least try episode 1 as it is free).
,Recommended,319630,33946731,Posted: 1 August,all,Hot Shot,"Life is Strange is an absolute masterpiece.It's rich story, based on decisions, makes it fascinating and addictive.You'll fall in in love with the characters, smile and cry with them, as they were your closest friends.In addition, it's amazing graphics turn it even more realistic. I couldn't stop taking screenshots, which I think are more realistic than my real pictures.I also really loved the soundtrack which really adds to the atmosphere.In conclusion, this is one the best games I've ever played."
76561198050243921,Recommended,319630,33949026,Posted: 1 August,all,Turtl3Man [YT],"this game is some drama, 10/10 would love to seeChloe die for a 5th time"
,Recommended,319630,33300370,Posted: 5 July,all,Michael_,I cried.
76561197961727323,Recommended,319630,25000583,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Paapuli,"The game captures the essence of it's soul, so to speak.-The character development with spot on precision.It's easy to step into the shoes of our main characterand let her personality mix with yours.Allowing her choices and thoughts to be yours and vice versa.What I like to pay for in story based games is the""There's something in my eye"" -trickAnd in the end, there was indeed something in my eye.And I might have to admit that it could have been a drop of a tear.Allowing Episode 1 be a free trial of the game was an extremelygood move from the publisher, in the end they took my money anyway.Some might not appreciate the endings your choices might or may have not brought.But In the end. It's the journey that counts, and that's where they were powerful tools.Personal con, Episode 5 felt all in all a bit hastily made.Otherwise a superb piece of work, Life Is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,25594188,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,rmz,"Life is Strange is an episodic adventure game that allows the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future. It's part a visual novel, part a Telltale adventure and part Spec Ops: The Line. Yes, Spec Ops, you read that right.The game plays like a Telltale adventure, parts of the game are on rails and in-between you can choose the rails, so to speak. The choices are not timed, so you can think about what you're doing/saying and most choices can, and even have to be, changed, but there are a few decisions throughout the game that are final. Some affect the future, or present or past. Apart from rewinding time some time travel is involved, but it's all rather cohesive.Episodes one to four are a bit of a high school drama slash mystery, but the last episode is a study in weirdness, friendship and sacrifice, full of wtfs and nononos. This last episode is why this game is like Spec Ops. It's very good and quite fun in the beginning but ends on a highly serious note. Don't get me wrong, it's still an amazing game, but be prepared that near the end you will not play to have fun but to see how things unfold.I liked:* the story* great musicI disliked:* pretty poor graphics* bad lipsyncGet this:* if you like telltale adventures* if you like adventure games with deep storyDon't get this:* if you don't like emotional games* if you're looking for nice and fun game"
,Recommended,319630,33963445,Posted: 1 August,all,Lord Clorophilla,"This is easily the best game I ever played (yet). All episodes were made to hook you up from beginning to end. Just be sure to reserve some time to kill, 'cause you'll be looking at 3-5 hours on each episode if you go scrutiny'ing every word each character says."
76561198041557618,Recommended,319630,18574455,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,mrscutaro,Incredible game 10/10 would subject myself to feels again.ProsStorylineMechanicsStorylineConceptStorylineReplayabilityDID I MENTION THE STORYLINEConsDem lip flaps
76561198065552195,Recommended,319630,18711254,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lgabovich,Absolutely phenomenal through and through well worth every single penny!!
76561198274133220,Recommended,319630,24565720,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Salted Pecans,"Best game I've ever played-like many have said, I wish I could forget about it and play it again"
76561198128523406,Recommended,319630,27358815,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mellie (October my fav month),I finished this game twice the ending is your way.. It has its moment.  Just started again
,Recommended,319630,26826628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GerardinHo,"I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"
76561198092720746,Recommended,319630,34373003,Posted: 20 August,all,memeraider,"Wow. That was an emotional roller coaster.Just finished my first run through of the game (20 hours) and having been laying in fetal position, crying like a baby, for a good 30 minutes.Bravo, Dontnod. I am eager for season 2."
76561198142015596,Recommended,319630,16068355,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Tate,Hella awesome story with an amaze-balls community.
76561198129696062,Recommended,319630,18705687,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Msmusicful,"LIS Episode 5 review and thoughts#lisfinaleI just wanna say that this game is the best game Iv’e played this year. Ya we had to wait but that’s what made it exciting! Each LIF EP makes me reflect on how our own reality or how our world is now. Is it similar? Is it the exact same? Is it similar to a real life situation just without Time-traveling? And over all, will it ever happen to our world.Now to reviewing Ep 5.The most depressing yet happy episode ever. It was heartbreaking to see this all happen in one episode that was made during that 3 months we were waiting. words can’t explain how emotional I am right now. This whole game felt like the main plot or story was to recreate a childhood memory into a fantasy adventure with ur best friend and create more awesome memories, but yet all we are doing is preventing the inevitable reality. Just jumping into loops and loops or into more timelines. which is what happened in this game because of Max. Just preventing ur Best friends’s death over and over and over again in different timelines u formed through ur mess ups. All we/Max had to do is break the fantasy they recreated so many times and let the inevitable run its course like it’s suppose to do. Going back to where it all began and to not let the bread crumb trails to continue on to another loop or timeline.What would you do if this happened to you one day? You wake up by a light house or anywhere random from a top view of ur City/Town, and all you see from afar is your City/Town being sucked into a tornado you created through Chaos theories, butterfly effects, and jumping into different timelines? And all your doing is reliving timelines just so you can hang out with ur best friend and preventing their inevitable fate? Would you continue to relive timelines to hold on to them forever? Or would you end it all by going back to where it all started and let life run its course and keep moving forward?overall rating: 5/5 Amazing and got me Emotional! I knew when I first saw this game, I was gonna be hooked on this! and look at me now! it was worth my money back in January!Thank you Square-Enix for this wonderful emotional game you’ve made for all of us! Looking forward to ur next production."
,Recommended,319630,16068007,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dywindel,Damn Max... You're so real.
76561197995476665,Recommended,319630,18702528,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Aengus,"I just finished the second play-through of the game and it touched me as much as the first one.This game is more a story, than a game. A story, in which a player can influence the outcomes. Youl get to know a lot of characters. Some you will like, some you will hate, but none is bland and flat. Each one has their own story, their good and bad sides.The characters and the setting feel vibrant and alive. The teenage characters talk like the teenagers would. No swear words are censored. They have all the troubles they do in real life. Somebody might say, this game has too much hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but what would you expect from a 18-year old girl studying in a photography school on the West coast?And the soundtrack is beautiful. No nameless tracks, whos only purpose is to fill the sound void. Every song and tune is in its place. You may like them, or don't, but those are the songs playing in ipods of the characters. I for once have playlist from them and listen to it from time to time."
,Recommended,319630,32800412,Posted: 25 June,all,ClockworkElf,"This game is something special.It's not perfect. Neither was going through highschool or college and going through the awkward process of self-searching. Sometimes you reconnect with old friends and realize how much of a jerk you've been, or that things simply...change. It's uncomfortable and earnest, in some cases feeling very raw. Like life, not every question gets answered.But that doesn't make the journey any less beautiful. Certain later sequences may prove agravating, but I still find myself returning to this place in my mind, yet apperciative.If you like games with a good sense of atmosphere, ones with achoustic soundtracks that may even have you tearing up as you delve into the mysteries of this town and its inhabitants; games that feel clumsly, tragically, beautifully human, this may be the game for you."
,Recommended,319630,15991014,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,★AP0110★,"Amazing game makes you feel like your watching a movie that you can control yourself, which can have multiple endings. I strongly recommend everyone to play this for themselves and experience this game for them selves."
,Recommended,319630,28479476,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,NightmaresFX,"Best game ever. will make you laugh, smile and cry. Will also blow your mind. After i finished the game i wanted to play it a second time all over again right then and there. I didnt have enough time though. If only i could go back in time to play it again..."
,Recommended,319630,30319873,Posted: 4 March,all,mr K,This is a masterpiece10/10
,Recommended,319630,28479341,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Noodle,Great game. Really just something I'll never forget.
76561198143210688,Recommended,319630,33946389,Posted: 1 August,all,sage,I can't feel anything after i played this awesome game
,Recommended,319630,28873225,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Holy Chair,"""I have nothing to say about this""""10/10"""
76561198075358820,Recommended,319630,28268621,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Armored Titan,Awesome game!
76561198094634058,Recommended,319630,29930947,Posted: 14 February,all,Caroz855,Oh my God. This game is so good. So so good. Please play it.
,Recommended,319630,28267590,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,!POWERHORSE | LFT,One of the greatest games to ever be made...
,Recommended,319630,29929809,Posted: 14 February,all,Ronnyy,"01/01 .nmad ,retsaocrellor lanoitome na tahW .yrotsih emagoediv ni dlot reve seirots tsetaerg eht fo enO .gnizama gnikc*f...tup ylpmis si emag sihT"
,Recommended,319630,29929347,Posted: 14 February,all,humiliz,This game is incredible...amazing story...I do not blame why this game has so much awards.
76561198079039588,Recommended,319630,29507781,Posted: 26 January,all,HUGOxP pvpro.com,BEST GAME EVER LIKE A MOVIE!
,Recommended,319630,29579641,Posted: 29 January,all,Darkwave💕,"I almost cried three times, I had to hold back the tears. The main characters are written with a believable humanity and you feel genuinely responsible for the choices you make, the consequences of which can be dire. It's likely you will occasionally feel as though you were kicked in the stomach and even the ability to undo your mistakes can't stop it, just like in real life doing the right thing sometimes requires making the less ideal choice.If you're curious about this game I cannot urge you enough; play the first episode, it's free."
,Recommended,319630,15939236,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,sqrrl,"Nice game, it is a great slow-paced deviation from today's action-packed CoD and its likes.In an adventure game, the three pillars are story, puzzles and characters.- The story is interesting and involving, and has its expectedly unexpected turns. Although, the story is again rather slow-paced, which fits the game perfectly - you just don't have 24/7 adrenaline-pumping action as a teenager, after all.- The puzzles are not as complex as one might be used to. Most of the time the solution is just a few feet or a few clicks away, nothing bend-your-head-around. Might be less of a challenge for adventure veterans, but again, it fits the game.- The characters are well done, complete with usual high-school drama and finding yourself. So far, none have had this one ""I will remember this one even in 10 years""-quality, but let's see about this in 10 years.tl;dr:Good game, maybe not blockbuster of the year, but definitely worth a go."
,Recommended,319630,15195290,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,HowitzerBug,"A truly absorbing atmosphere and an engaging story. A very interesting mechanic allowing a great deal of exploration into just how strange life can be... A game to get lost in for a couple of hours at a time.Highly recommended.(one of the major highlights is the soundtrack, it's wonderful!)"
,Recommended,319630,19386325,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ohmtasia,"I'm not one to usually write reviews unless a gameREALLYstands out to me.And oh boy, this one stands out from every game I've played.Life Is Strange is full of loveable characters, surprises, and compeling decisions. Many decisions effectively make the player  think twice about which one they choose, affecting how the rest of the game plays out in a rather astonishing matter. One choice that is made early on in the game could affect something much further down the road. Every character, minor or major, has a rich personality that is displayed extremely well despite some characters having brief appearances. Max is a *seemingly* normal teenager at a glance, but is actually far more than just that. Chloe on the other hand is a very likeable (and easily loveable) character even within the first few moments of her introduction to the story. The rest, as they say, is history.This game has an extremely interesting main concept, the alteration of time itself. I have seen very few games execute this in an effective manner but Dontnod Entertainment has gone above and beyond and has presented it excellently. As I said earlier, every decision, big or minute, can vastly change the future of the story. The player *almost* always has the option to rethink their decision, just in case they 2nd guess themselves. Also somewhat puzzling at times, the player will often have to play around with Max's abilities in order to proceed with the current situation. This intrigues the player to actually pay attention to detail, instead of relentlessly walking around fiddling with things in the environment, thus keeping the gameplay interesting and fun.And last but not least, the story.The story is where this game really shines.The game starts out in a strange environment, which immediately evokes ""What the hell?"" type of thoughts in the player's mind. Interesting from the very start, the game can be just a tad bit slow at times, but most of the time it keeps the attention of the player extremely well and immerses them in the story. Episode 1 is the most ""grounded"" episode, while the proceeding 4 Episodes get more intense andstrangeup until the player just wants to find out what in the hell is going on. Like I said earlier, each character is full of personality and is interesting in their own unique ways. The events of the story pull the player in and really connect them to Max and Chloe. By the end of the game the player is left with 10,000 metric tons of emotion, wanting even more (Life Is Strange Season 2 confirmed!!!) time with Max. The story, all in all, is a masterpiece.Over all this game is nothing short ofAMAZING. I would definitely like to see more of Max Caulfield in the coming future, and I don't doubt that Dontnod will deliver yet another wonderful work of art that continues her story. I endorse this game with my soul. As long as you have a small amount of patience since this game can be a bit slow at times, it's a purchase you surely will never regret."
,Recommended,319630,27722672,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MyLøvelyStär,"Nominated for 'I'm Not Crying, There's Something in My Eye' award, this game has plot twists and turns that take your feelings on the biggest rollercoaster of your life. It's either save the bae or save the Bay, it's up to you ;)"
,Recommended,319630,29313094,Posted: 17 January,all,IcyLucario,The first episode does no justice compared to the full game.EVERY EPISODE JUST GETS BETTER.
,Recommended,319630,15568887,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,~TAB~ Anomaly,"What makes this game so great to me is the different ways one can approach a situation. even in the most scripted scenes there is a multitude of choices one can make, and even more such choices opens up of one takes the time to explore the game which is made both easier and more frustrating when one can rewind time, to ask a different question to someone or not do that thing or say that line that just might make the game take a completely different turn.Another thing is the characters, although quite a few of them, so far only half of them has made any impact, though those characters that have had any impact on the story usually has a BIG impact as every story of each character give you vital information on how you want to go forward with your story."
,Recommended,319630,16110848,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Codex6799,"I just finished Episode 3 and I am left with one question:  WHAT THE F@#K HAVE I DONE?Seriously though, this game is amazing, and while normally my perfectionist nature would encourage me to redo every episode to get my 'preferred' ending, the story is told so well that I find trying to undo my decisions to be an insult to the story (which is kind of ironic considering the main point of this game).  Maybe one day after the game is complete I'll start again and try to form the story how I want.  But until then, I'll trust my own judgement and my choices."
,Recommended,319630,32897183,Posted: 27 June,all,Rapid,"The best story-telling game ever, even better than Telltale's The Walking Dead.I recommend this beautiful game to everyone.10/10I wish I could rewind time to play it from the beginning..."
,Recommended,319630,33055639,Posted: 30 June,all,-Syиk-,"Look at my profile. You can see, how I love this game, It's my favourite one, I've played it 2 times, (playing the third now) and I had to buy it on steam... Now I'm waiting for LiS: Before the Storm and  LiS 2."
,Recommended,319630,34476399,Posted: 25 August,all,L⊃U,"How to play this game?1. Sit on a couch2. Lay back3. Take a controller4. Let this game take away 10+ hours of your life.Story, Idea, Graphics, Music. Yes, this game has everything.Choices, time rewind, a protaganist that is savage af...Though the ending is not perfect, story prior to the ending is attractive enough.*Tip: Get some tissues cuz you need 'em*Waiting for Lis BtS to come out.(For those who want it to be simplified chinese...Yes you're gonna get it)"
,Recommended,319630,34514343,Posted: 26 August,all,XzonE,"I am just doing this for the ""thumbs up"" rating."
,Recommended,319630,17317905,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sushi,"I don't usually do reviews for games, but i just felt like i needed to let people know that this game is really worth buying.Gripping story, beautiful hand-drawn graphics , great music that perfectly follows whats actually happening in the game and also got me into Indie-Folk music. Gripping story with interesting characters. This game makes me feel happy, relaxed and makes me want to explore and experience everything that the game has to offer. Really looking forward to the future of Life Is Strange™ :)And Developers please please pleeeeeaaaase add some new seasons to the game or DLC!I want to prolong my experience with Life Is Strange™ as long as possible! ^^"
76561198089120464,Recommended,319630,24607590,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bailar la Brank-,I've got so many emotions playing this game that I can share if someone needs one.
,Recommended,319630,17259372,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,poddi,"As a game nerd all the way back since 1982 i have seen many games come and go. Back in the 80s games often had quality and good storys and few bugs when released and could last for ever. Today we all know thats gone, few games are that quality and companies like EA and UBISOFT takes the gamers down the drain with DRM and crappy quality. Then its good to see some companies makes good games. Like the ""the witcher 3"" made by CD project even if they cut back on the graphics due to crappy consoles (hope they release a update for that later), and this game is also a really good one. Episodic games arrived a few years back and i like them, mostly of the are good to and have good story.So does this one and it´s really uniqe, the story is good and the rewind thing will make it hard. Because even if you rewind, will the choice you make be the right one?Graphics are good as usually in these games. Now i only bought episode one, to try it out. But will buy the others for sure. Because this game is one of a few that hooked me. As you can see on the other reviews, this is one game that should be put in the books of gaming history for good story and graphics and the rewind feature.I will update this review as i go along with the game, but the main thing i can rate already. Good story, excellent graphics and companies that does games like this should really be honored by ppl buying them......"
76561198262080096,Recommended,319630,33497627,Posted: 13 July,all,ElLirogono,Donnie Darko of video games.
76561198020833429,Recommended,319630,33932545,Posted: 31 July,all,The Second Emperor,"10/10 Square Enix delivers their masterful story-telling through the mind of an 18-year old art student, Max Caulfield, at her high school Blackwell Academy in Arcadia Bay, Oregon. Max wants to be a great photographer, but one day she discovers her power to reverse time. As you play as Max, you make important role-play decisions that will alter events during the game; you can still reverse a recent decision with your power which makes the game more flexible if you feel you have made the wrong choice. This game is one of the best RPGs I have ever played as all of the characters have a fleshed out personality and background."
,Recommended,319630,25895890,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,killmess,"I was suprised, this game is awesome! I don't play this kind of game, but I loved it. I played the 1st episode, I will buy all the others!"
,Recommended,319630,33689758,Posted: 20 July,all,TinTin,freaking good
,Recommended,319630,19896836,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kinky Pichu,One of the best story driven games out there. Probably one of my favorite games in general. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,17035304,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,allensgameshow,Playing through episode 1 so far & I must say I prejudged this game. It's been very intertaining from start to finish.I'm looking forward to the next episode!Follow My Gameplay!https://youtu.be/xxDeay-Xr5g
,Recommended,319630,28516431,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MyFriendsAreTheItClown,"I'm not gonna write up an essay, but this game is easily one of the best games I've ever played.Just fyi I played games for over 15 years, so I've had my fair share of gameplay and design.TL:DR - game is amazing with an engaging story that can relate to practically anybody. 9/10Pros:Best (or at least top 3) writing in a Story for a game I've ever playedEnticing characters, you'll actually care about themIn a game all about choices, they ACTUALLY matterEmotional, regardless of how you feel about high school girls/drama/bullyingDefinitely down-to-earth and relatableVery fitting soundtrackBased on your decisions, this game easily makes you feel like a piece of s*** for it or like a heroCool mechanic of time warping and changing decisionsYou'll be traumatized by the decisions you makeCons:Strange animations at timesYou can't run, kind of annoying at timesLip-syncing seems bad at timesSome parts of the game seem out of placeEven with these minor cons, this game is fabulous and definitely worth a try.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,32632806,Posted: 21 June,all,Azkrathon,Sci-fi stuff ✓Teen angst ✓Frank's beans ✓Choices matter ✓Gorgeous visual ✓Beautiful atmosphere and soundtrack ✓Relatable characters and environments ✓Love it. I'd play this masterpiece all over again. Definitely one of the best games I've ever played.WARNING: BE PREPARED FOR BEING AN EMOTIONAL WRECK AT THE END OF EPISODE 5.
,Recommended,319630,28517663,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,please clean my beakers,This game will pour a bucket of emotions on you. Be prepared.
,Recommended,319630,25992022,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BlackExor,Why can't i hold all these feels?!11/10
,Recommended,319630,14582129,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zeus,10/10 would kek
,Recommended,319630,29662765,Posted: 2 February,all,CaptainKeeli,Bae>BayThere is no other choice
,Recommended,319630,24504729,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sebaer,"First game ever to make me cry. Great characters (even though a bit stereotypical), interesting story and amazing songs, which fit for every scene and situation. Can't recommend it enough! Wish I could rewind to play it again and again and again..."
,Recommended,319630,16679472,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,.:|:Lorena:|:Ray:|:.,"I'll probably edit this once I've completed the full game. But as of now I've played Episodes 1-3. Just a warning. Minor potential spoilers.I just want to say that this game floored me, like straight up took me on an emotional roller coaster, and made some of the ""perfect"" choices unclear. This game is a completely wonderful purchase. I've paid more money for games with less creativity and content, and this game really does make you feel like what you do has fortunate/unfortunate consequences in the future. What I will say is that some of the ""language"" used in this is more suited to the 15-19 age group, due to the slang used in the game and the swearing but the content, just wow.Episode one, I just want to say that you can actually take a -lot- more time exploring things than what I thought initially as the game will not continue until you move Max to specific points in the game. You miss clues/photo opportunities quite easily if you don't look around and you don't actually -need- to rush as much as what you think you do. The first chapter is the perfect introduction into a game. It teaches you the controls as you play without it seeming like a boring tutorial level.The artwork in this game is phenomenal. You can tell it's created by Square-Enix as all of the character's face models are beautiful, The only thing I'll say is that Kate's hair looks way too big and it throws me off, but still, aside from that one character, the rest look like believable prep-school students and the adults in the game DO look like adults. The actual game is flawless in how it runs, there were NO bugs that I noticed and the game despite having heavy 3D visuals will run on a less than perfect PC just fine.The story in this is amazingly complex because when you perform one action you actually change some of the gameplay and story into making things happen that you didn't expect, and all of the potential bad guys definitely have their bad guy moments. The voice acting fits really well, including the MC Max, and you can get more out of the game by just having Max sit around at certain points where she explains her story and what she's thinking. The journal is also wonderfully done, and it also gives you a way of knowing where you are in the story and what you've done during the duration of the story/chapter you're on.The gameplay. Honestly I have no complaints with this. Much like A Wolf Among us, the story plays out like you're watching a movie, and I didn't get sick of any of the music (Minus the banjo music option in the cafe*) The entire game feels fluid and carries you through the game with a sense of wanting more. You can also SKIP the credits which is fantastic since A lot of games don't allow you to do so, in such an interesting way.The downsides that I have personally for this game:1) You can't replay certain acts in the story and skip forward to skip cutscenes you've already seen if you replay the game.2) I didn't love the ending to Chapter 3 although it did leave me wanting more.3) I would like to see Max in more outfits or have the ability to choose what Max wears from what she has in her closet.Overall if you like movie-like games, like A Wolf Amongst us, or other similar games, You'll really like this game. If you're a fan of Final Fantasy or other Square/Enix franchises you'll probably like the art. And What I love about this is that there are all shapes body-wise, and all kinds of character traits, so you don't get bored and genuinely DO want to know more about the secondary characters. It's a definite ""GET THIS."" From me. I would recommend it to anyone who likes an easygoing story yet difficult speed related challenges as the game is based on those. Really REALLY great game, to the creators that made this.Thank you for giving us something so great story-wise. It's engaging, and makes you really feel like you're in Maxine's shoes. So good. I can't wait for Episode 4 and 5 to come out. I'm so curious now. Got me hook, line, and sinker."
,Recommended,319630,18620913,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Genesis,"Honestly, there are no words strong enough, no words descriptive enough...there is nothing I can say that truly relays the feelings I have for this game. After episode 5...I'm lost. Heartbroken is putting it mildly.If you're looking for an emotional rollercoaster, then you've found it. This game, in my own opinion, builds and builds until it freaking explodes. It makes you care about the characters, it makes you care about the story and the outcome. And like anything good, when it's over it sorta leaves you empty...because it rips your heart out and stomps all over it.But I feel like this game has a really important meaning to it, I'm just to ignorant to find it. This is one of the few games I've fallen in love with because it makes you think, it gives you tough decisions that aren't necessarily ones you'd find in the real world but it's so close at times that it has actually scared me.Episode 1 was innocent enough, the usual thing at the beginning of any good story, game, movie.Episode 2 - 4 built up the tension more and more until you were giddy to know what finally happens. But Episode 4 left me upset, confused and questioning my decisions throughout all the episodes.Episode 5...finally, the conclusion we have all been eagerly awaiting...and of course, all the emotions that had been built up over the past 4 epsiodes, everything we thought we knew, every decision we'd ever made...finally the finale.I can honestly say that no game has ever made me cry or rant or rage as this one has. After it was over, I could do nothing but sit there, sobbing and hating this game for the way it had manipulated my feelings for it and the characters. As I said before, this doesn't even acurately describe my reaction or feelings to the ending of the game, as I said there are no words I could use...But I can also honestly say that this is one of my most favorite games that I have ever played in all my years of gaming and I would highly reccomend it to anyone who feels that little desire to play it."
,Recommended,319630,17136515,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Impossible,"Life is Strange is a full on amazing game, featuring drama, excitement and problem solving. The best bit about this game is how the choices you make early on in the game impact the further experience. I've played through the complete storyline, but I replay it a lot as there are so many possibilities. The story is great and so moving. It talks a lot about real life social that can really hit home. I completely recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,17409400,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Too High,Mindblowing..
76561197976479066,Recommended,319630,19930471,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Blue Bogle,"It's definitely not for everybody, but if it does work for you, it's a crazy, harrowing ride unlike anything else I've played. I feel like I need to go shoot some baddies in a dumb shooter after this to recover."
,Recommended,319630,32896726,Posted: 27 June,all,Rontti,Overall a great game. I liked the story and the characters for the most part. Dialogue is cringy at times and the time travelling is a bit illogical in some places. I would also have liked if there was a few more ending options.Still a great game overall. Would recommend to everyone. 8.5/10
,Recommended,319630,16220420,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Korunate,"Life Is Strange is, without question, a very beautiful game.  There were some instances of the story which I felt was really relateable and others that really touched me.  I can tell that the developers put a lot of hard work into the story, and I applaud them for that.  You don't get games like this very often, and I highly recommend it.  I'm definitely going to buy the other episodes now!"
76561198077181007,Recommended,319630,28213021,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LDallas,<3
,Recommended,319630,17394678,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ayurai,"If you played Telltale game and thought ""my choice are meaningless"", this game is your salvation. I really like telltale games, but are just a linear story teller, yet that have really good stories.About Gameplay-So this game is all what Telltale games fail to be. A game with real choices and consequences that will hold you playing easily if you have minimum of curiosity. You can back on time (literally) and remake your choices RECENTLY MADE. Though, even with this tool the game always leave you wondering if you really made the right choice."
76561197997816612,Recommended,319630,29697975,Posted: 4 February,all,Country Chicken,"I decided to give this game a try since I was bored and the first chapter was free. Before I had even finished the first chapter, I went back and bought the full game. The story line in this game was so good and immersive that I felt like I was the main character in the game while playing it. I played the game over several days (one chapter per day), and even while I was not playing, I still felt connected to the characters in the game as if they were real people and the events in the game had really happened. Give this game a try, you have nothing to lose (first chapter is free) and everything to gain!"
76561198069428490,Recommended,319630,24735212,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SimonKG13,"Amazing Story, Awesome Characters, OK gameplay (for a story driven game is acceptable). It's the most beautiful game I've played in a while (not for raw graphics, but for the piece of art it is). Incredible music. IT IS SHORT but you won't regret playing it. What truely let this game down was the end, not going to spoil but it could have been sooooooo much better. Anyway, do yourselfie a favor and play this beauty of a game shakabrah."
,Recommended,319630,28503084,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,RedXGamer.HfA,Best Game !!! Just no words <3 Saved the Bae though.
76561197970331776,Recommended,319630,29705978,Posted: 4 February,all,Ashnagarr,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. The writing is amazing, the voice acting great and the way they made the story part of the game mechanic is just a masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,24644919,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Vezbix,WARNING- This game will hurt you right in your feels.
,Recommended,319630,15389845,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lenny Lover,A great game were the choises really matter. The rewind ability also adds flavor to the gameplay. I recommend it to anyone how wants to have a great experience.My 2015 GOTY
,Recommended,319630,16655920,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,5th dimensional real nigga,This game is lit
76561198129463896,Recommended,319630,34013084,Posted: 4 August,all,Burd,"I saw the reviews about feels. Thought I was strong enough, I've watched sad shows and played sad games, I can deal.This game has hurt me more than anything has in a long time.Please Play..."
,Recommended,319630,27983790,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pre,Like a movie just much better. Similar to Telltale games. Love it!
76561198031445099,Recommended,319630,28550439,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheBeardedYoda,"It's story will completely enthrall you, and after it's all over it'll stay in your mind for weeks if not longer."
76561198131064696,Recommended,319630,33249740,Posted: 4 July,all,Bbomb1000,"My all time favorite game. This game really hit me hard when I played it, in a good way."
,Recommended,319630,28106444,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheeChantelle,<3
,Recommended,319630,33158860,Posted: 2 July,all,Swampertor,"Really good game, and even if it has its flaws, its well done during the episodes."
,Recommended,319630,33881163,Posted: 29 July,all,nevermore*,No matter how old you are.No matter how young you are.No matter how tough you are.No matter how weak you are.Tears will get you...Tears will get you...
76561198189879835,Recommended,319630,29360925,Posted: 19 January,all,Lilly,"The game is very exciting. You drive in a different dimesion. As strange as it sounds, but you also learn by playing the game a lot about yourself. I can really recommend the game .I LOVE IT !Have a nice day ^^"
,Recommended,319630,20025442,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SnowyBot,"This is one of the best games I have EVER played.  The characters are great, the emotional rush you go through is unbelievable.  I would recommend this game to anybody."
76561198116154920,Recommended,319630,15037365,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Wolfdelta,How can i buy episode two by itself ??
,Recommended,319630,33055721,Posted: 30 June,all,Justice Samuel Alito,"Looks and plays like Telltale's games, but story is written a lot better. A lot."
76561198056913001,Recommended,319630,24501476,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Guinim,good game
76561198113288261,Recommended,319630,25175506,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,hogan.leah,"Wow. This game got me good. My work suffered, my diet sufferent, my dog didn't get walked. I was obsessed for about 3 days while playing it. More of these types of games please. The story was great, game play was awesome and basically one of my top games. I'll be buying whatever game you guys bring out next."
76561197982936804,Recommended,319630,25227365,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,tomgrazer,This episode is way cereal!!! 100/10
,Recommended,319630,19260526,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Stam018,"Super nice, putting this in a normal life gives that game a better atmosphere and you choice really change the background and everything, compared with telltale game I had the feeling that my choice where more dramatic event if I could reverse time... 9.7/10"
,Recommended,319630,15801148,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Tarzan,10/10
76561198008301956,Recommended,319630,14325386,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ChubbyTrex,"mate this game made a billion year old obese T-rex cry, IGN 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33150386,Posted: 2 July,all,Sneakymann Icepepe,"ONly played 2 Episodes so far, yet I`m super hooked for the next ones!"
,Recommended,319630,27578640,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NANI!?,This game will change your life for the better.10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,14263764,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nicknero,"This is a truly amazing experience where difficult choices and consequences meet your path. But wait, you can rewind time if you change your mind! The graphics and story mechanics reminds me of Heavy Rain, Last of Us and Beyond Two Souls. But this time it's not a console exclusive, yay!!!"
,Recommended,319630,18882755,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,...::: Miki :::...,"Without looking, I know there will be ALOT of arguements for and against the ending, and how it affects the game overall.I'm not going to go into that as we simply aren't mature enough as a species to accept the opinions of strangers.Instead, I will simply say what I thought of this game;It's gorgeous. The artstyle is unique-ish, and thus may not be for everybody, but I loved it. The characters are surprisingly well fleshed out, most REAL teenagers are alot less deep, and definately alot less likeable (yes, I wa sone myself, and I was a boring♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just like everyone else). I have felt SO many emotions throughout this experience, and I'm glad i did.The ending left me, personally, completely satisfied. I'd made my descision, and accepted that most things are simply out of your controll, both in this game, and in the real strange life, and letting go of that illusion of controll (I even spammed the rewind when I knew I couldn't use it at points in the game) was an amazing feeling. Sad, happy, content, determined, nostalgic, angry, panicked.., all of it at once, and I've experienced plenty of those emotions, both seperate and combined, throughout the rest of the game.It was a beautiful journey about friendship, love, hate, forgiveness, vengeance and preconceptions, and I for one, am happy I got to experience it.I did not get the ending I expected, and steeled myself for however, though I don't think that is a bad thing, for me. Throughout the entirety of the last scenes, I was preparing myself to make a choice, I didn't get to make, allowing me to feel the full weight of the inevitable choice before me.If you like stories that don't just try to make you smile, but instead make you feel a wide range of emotions, bad and good, aswell as make you think, I highly recommend you play this game for yourself. And if you prefer the more standard happy ending themed games, with clearly defined goals and morals, maybe this isn't exactly your cup of tea (but there's nothing wrong with that).Pros; It's awesome if this is your kind of thing.Cons; It's terribad if this isn't your kind of thing."
,Recommended,319630,20024333,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mica,"Finished 2 episodes and great story, great choices and characters, definately recomend it so far.Edit: ok now finished the first season completly and wow, great game and story, a few annoying little bits but other wise top notch and definately recomend."
76561198066214517,Recommended,319630,18574792,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,supermexyfries,"Life is Strange is exactly that. STRANGE. Every episode, every action, every decision you make holds a consequence in everything you do. What you do in episode one could hold in affect in episode 3. So choose wisely. Great story, that has you wanting more after every chapter. The graphics are great as well. This game was thought through really well with everyone having a background story. Characters one can relate to as well.10/10 would recommend this game."
76561198250724940,Recommended,319630,18574906,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,maliashertzer,Amazing game!
76561198018659130,Recommended,319630,18576844,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Miggity Matt Daddy,I HATE THIS GAME!!!! YOU CAN'T JUST PLAY WITH SOMEONES EMOTIONS LIKE THAT!!!!10/10 good stuff.
76561198206930328,Recommended,319630,18711329,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,"It's Ya Boi, Skinny Penis",You can't stop playing this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198112820423,Recommended,319630,18712963,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,reinventedsky,"A fundamental of why Life is Strange scored an inexorable line in the consciousness of many critics this year is that it plays like a video game cultivated by a group of film analysis buffs. It's keenly observant in the way so many modern teenage dramas hinge on the deconstruction of life in the digital age, with overlays of social media dictating cultural attitudes and social politics. With all this flavouring the increasingly personalised choice-influenced nature of adventure games, Life is Strange genuinely feels like a meaningful experience with broadly-drawn characters to care about.Maxine Caulfield is an eighteen year-old photography student who has returned to her hometown in Portland, Oregon to attend the prestigious Blackwell Academy. Something of an introverted daydreamer, Max's private demeanour belies her gift for images; and it's when she takes an impromptu shot of a butterly in the school restroom the course of her life is altered forever. When Max unwittingly witnesses the murder of a girl later assumed as her former best friend Chloe Price, she manages to willingly rewind time and initiates a change in the turn of events. But that's not the only thing troubling Arcadia Bay: the mysterious disappearance of one of Blackwell's most promising and popular students has been missing for some time, and Max has a vision of an impending tornado which will ultimately destroy the whole town.What builds over the course of five episodes is a well constructed, believable bond between Max and Chloe with the odd queasy tension of Arcadia Bay's mysteries thrown in. But the real magic of Life is Strange is the incentive to truly immerse yourself in Max's world: episodes are fleshed out moreso by navigating the heroine through every nook and cranny, cross examining all there is to offer on each screen. The attention to detail is impressive and contributes towards subtle character development: for instance, by checking a student's belongings in a dormitory will result in Max being cursed out, allowing her to rewind time while having the foresight of such personal information to broach the topic in conversation instead. It's also taking said incentive to explore the lives of each character which determines one of the most important twists early on in the game -- in a pivotal scene, your dialogue choices influence a potentially crushing event.Therein lies the novel concept of the game: the ability to rewind time. This means that upon making a story-influenced choice, Max has the opportunity to reverse her decisions and change the outcome. The element also extends to gameplay sequences: Max will sometimes be tasked to completing an item solution puzzle in timely fashion and can use her powers to buy herself more of it; she can rewind time and keep items she has procured. She can also use her rewind powers to latterly revise how she has interacted with her environment. Dontnod's primary focus on time rewind, though, is to enforce how Max dictates her transformational interactions with everyone.Life is Strange's characterisation subverts high school archetypes and presents a generally strong cast for Max to connect with: for every typical high school menace, misfits and cool kids, there is good writing to provide the zig zags in every straight line, where tired tropes grow into real people. Chloe in particular is a roiling bag of angst and joie-de-vivre, a polar opposite to the more thoughtful and understated Max. It's their relationship that defines the emotional bedrock of the game. A large part of that is the effective voice acting which injects vibrance into every character, so much so you even forget the occasional period of laughably bad dialogue. Graphically, Life is Strange is a picturesque game: tonal shades and hues make all the difference to a scene, and some scenes are shot so creatively it could very well have been straight out of a film. A minor criticism, though, could be directed at the lack of facial emotion during some crucially dramatic scenes.Yet it's the intense focus on Max and Chloe's bond while unravelling the mysteries of Arcadia Bay that paces the entire story so well. Choices advance the tone and character relationships in each episode, and by the finale the development sees everything turned on its head in a mind-bending, nailbiting conclusion. In fact, there are only a few minor gripes to be had with Life is Strange in general: its occasional experimentation with stealth gameplay sequences fall completely flat, and the sudden shift in genre towards the end of Episode 4 leading into the horror-detour finale feels more gratuitous than effective.That controvesial finale -- with its troubling connotations, unanswered questions and unfulfulling resolution -- chalks up the experience closer to a flawed masterpiece. But essentially Life is Strange is still a banner title for video games this year. Dontnod faced opposition on two lead heroines bringing commercial success. In many ways Maxine Caulfield and Chloe Price could have been two popular characters on a popular TV teen drama. That we saw their story translate so artfully into video gaming might just be the most inspiring thing we'll see in this medium for years to come."
,Recommended,319630,17368318,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Badger,"I'm going to write my review by episode and add on to this review as I finish the episodes!-----Life is Strange Ep 1 Review-----Story: Well I don't really want to spoil anything but what I will say is the story definatly got me hooked and it's a driving factor for this game!Gameplay: Well the gameplay is pretty simple but very cool so far. If you have played games like Telltale's The Walking Dead, or The Wolf Among us it's like that. One thing that is different though is you have the power to reverse time. This power brings up a cool mechanic to solving problems. You can go backwards to undo actions or try to be faster than an NPC cycle. Although I haven't really ran into anything that stumped me yet going through this was really fun! One thing that I like is when you say a certain thing or do an actiona little notification will appear in the top left saying ""This action will have consequences"" and you can rewind time to fix a bad choice, if you want to.Graphics/Presentation: THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL! Just look at the screenshots! I had no problem running it on the max settings and I didn't get any weird lag. The game seems perfectly optimized (I did use a Xbox One controller though) The music is pretty chill and fits the scenes perfectly. The voice acting is as good as you would expect from this kind of game.Overall I really enjoyed what I played so far and I can't wait to jump into the next episodes! (1-4 are out right now, 5 is yet to release)-----Life is Strange Ep 2 Review-----Ep 2 introduces some problems that took me a little longer to get through. Another thing it did was allowed me to have fun with Max's power and test it on various things. The consequences of my actions did start to be very clear and... well let's just say I got the ""bad ending"" :(Either way I am really enjoying this so far and honestly $20 was worth it!-----Life is Strange Ep 3 Review-----Let me start off by saying the ending puzzle took me WAY longer than it should have. *mini spoiler* the solution is WAY more simple than you think, but that's why I got stuck I guess.I don't know if this episode has multiple endings but what I saw made me go ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!""Overall I'm still loving it and can't wait to play the last two episodes (I'm about to play episode 4 and five isn't out yet)-----Life is Strange Ep 4 Review-----The pieces are finaly coming together, a bunch of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. At the end I was all like ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!""This episode also includes a CSI mode! I'm really hyped for Episode 5 and I CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING WAIT! Honestly I hope there will be more seasons of Life is Strange!-----Life is Strange Ep 5 Review-----Holy... Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like... GOTY,,,, Seriously...You know that strange feeling you got after binge watching Your Lie in April? Same feeling.I'm not ok.Send help.Big decision, and it's hard to decide. No spoilers in this review but man...-----The Aftermath-----So.... really.... if you haven't gotten this game yet.....BUY THIS GAME NOW YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!Sorry... that was mean. Just get this game. You won't regret it.What are you doing still reading my review? Scroll up, hit add to cart, purchase for myself, put your♥♥♥♥♥♥in and buy!"
76561198150162469,Recommended,319630,20241555,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bloodyrampage99,A vey emotional game that is almost impossible to play through without crying. It is genius and I totally recommend it!
,Recommended,319630,33272937,Posted: 5 July,all,Fuckboii,"DONT BUY and PLAY THIS GAME TILL LAST EPISODE if you dont want get feel like me. so touching story. congrate dude, u make me feel now."
76561197970557217,Recommended,319630,15923292,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Xaviermacx,"I've never written a review on here before. However, I'd like to highly recommend this game for anyone and everyone who enjoys intelligent and emotional media, as well as those who enjoy games as art. Don't be mislead; there is more 'gameplay' in the decisions you make in this game than in most twitch-based shooters. This game will envelope you as much as you will let it. Also, it is even more effective if you are a child of the late 80s or early 90s and if you have a lot of 'nerdy' knowledge to reference. I'm surprised at how much I've enjoyed every second of gameplay. I wish the episodes would come faster, but that is only telling of how incredible the game is. There is definitely even replay value within each episode. 9.9/10."
,Recommended,319630,14425148,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Samael,Turn this way now orFace the lonely autumn treeAnd never look back
,Recommended,319630,27759328,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dusty,"I would nominate this game for multiple things but I can't so I'm going to go with ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award. So many things I love about this game because of the characters, story, and sound presented. Hella/10"
76561198089011340,Recommended,319630,32954348,Posted: 28 June,all,RT11xSHOCKz,.
,Recommended,319630,18632069,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ZionArbadon,"I was looking for a relaxing game and this was exactly what I was looking for and oh so much more.Now, bear with me here.  I can already hear people screaming ""relaxing, really?!""  But as far as gameplay goes you don't really have to do a ton of work and you get this amazing story based off of your actions.  I did an episode a night and I couldn't wait each day to get home and play another episode after work.  I haven't been that into a game into a long time.I often play the 'bad' story side in games but I just couldn't in this game.  The characters are so real and well developed I just wanted to help everyone. . . .well except .  .anyway - its good.  Do yourself a favor and give this game a try!"
76561198013141287,Recommended,319630,29430654,Posted: 22 January,all,Centipede,"This is a very strong and multi-layered story-driven game. For about 10 minutes it will put up a facade of vague indie-hipster drama; possibly not everyone's cup of tea, but a justified stylistic choice because it starts in the small world of a sweet, naive, fresh-out-of-high-school girl.After those 10 minutes you are cast into a roller-coaster of corruption, psychopathology and time-travel symbolism (well thought out too!). You get to make all the meaningful harsh choices that you wished for in Telltale games. It's deep, raw, uncompromising  and believable in terms of tragic characters.What I found particularly strong about the game is that it borrows from the Walking Dead pacing recipe (the TV show): start with an mysterious intro, have an intense climax, then just as you resolve it, the episode ends on an out-of-left-field revelation so suprising and eerie that it'll drive a hook to draw you inexorably into the next chapter. Some of the moments are very dark and poignant. Deserves all the praise!"
76561198073646808,Recommended,319630,34067955,Posted: 6 August,all,riisisu-desu,"The story is really good and I enjoyed my time playing this game. Those damn ninjas cutting onions.At some parts game did get boring and that's why I didn't finish it in one sitting. Maybe it was also better to play it like that. One episode per one episode, taking breaks between them. It made you also think the story more.I will recommend this game, it is not waste of money if you really enjoy good stories."
76561198012329268,Recommended,319630,34069992,Posted: 6 August,all,lgyhx777,Best teen drama ever:)
76561198398461818,Recommended,319630,34024254,Posted: 4 August,all,SycO,"Pros-decent graphics-Such a good story-Good voice acting-So many choices and consequences, you can play it multiple times and get differant endingsCons-Get a box of tissues ready, you'll need them-Sad storyOverallOne of the best story games I have ever played, felt like crying. It's been 2 hours since I completed it and I still feel like crying and I am now sad and depressed. I have just pre ordered Before the storm. Just 3 weeks to go till I will feel like doing a Kate.Overall Rating10/10"
,Recommended,319630,33249532,Posted: 4 July,all,Me,"What can i say.Never have i cried so much from Movie/Video GameGreat Story with many great charachter's that you get emotionally atached with.It had me enjoing EVERY single part, If enjoying includes crying.On a sale for 5 Dollars. Less than a movie ticket. Its a must have its like litteraly 1000xbetter and 5X Longer(The ending was the best part got me really emotional)PS rip me if my friends see this LOL"
,Recommended,319630,33247240,Posted: 4 July,all,Vhira,"On a scale from 1 to 10, this game rates as 'Hella to the Supermax'.  Chloe Price gives Life Is Strange her 'Two Middle Fingers Up' seal of approval.  Amazeballs. Would play again."
76561198072521901,Recommended,319630,33247506,Posted: 4 July,all,Kas,"Wonderful game, one of the best I ever played and I've been playing for a while. It totally destroyed me emotionally and I enjoyed every moment of it."
76561198013305908,Recommended,319630,33245736,Posted: 4 July,all,multimej,What a game...! So well created and that ending made me in tears.. Probably the best game ive ever played!! Well played sir. well...played
76561198006620524,Recommended,319630,33249039,Posted: 4 July,all,Christ The King,Sensational.
76561198010555270,Recommended,319630,19447228,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,HydroBullet - Twitch.TV,Too many feels. Such a beautitfuly crafted game. Chill to play. :'^)
,Recommended,319630,33378773,Posted: 8 July,all,Russel,This game was gr8 enough to make me cry twice
76561198022089652,Recommended,319630,16015785,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Outsider,"I bought this game yesterday and was hooked from the second of starting it. This game has a unique story line and has a variety of things for the player to interact with, including making choices for the main character which ends up having consequences for your future gameplay. Overall, I would like to say that if I could, I'd give this game an 11/10 as it is a perfect experience for those who like solving problems and supernatural happenings."
,Recommended,319630,16252603,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Emerance,"So many feels, great story, characters and of course music. I found the first 3 parts a bit slower compared to the last 2. The last two are where the action per say really picks up and so does your overall investigation. Super fun and all of your actions feel very meaningful, even until the end."
76561198030565882,Recommended,319630,33598550,Posted: 16 July,all,XxjohnpostxX,now i'm a grown man and this game had me crying like a big b@#$h best 20$ i ever spent can not wait for the new dlc
76561198130562680,Recommended,319630,33491609,Posted: 12 July,all,Pecan,"Almost everything about this game is alien to me, if not anathema - teenage, American, female, etc.I dislike the characters and UI (although it doesn't take long to get used to) and don't care much about the story.I totally recommend the game.For me it's just that the artwork and music make this a beautiful experience.  I'm daft enough to re-play scenes not for the story or events but just to look at/listen to it again.That's not a perfect recommendation, but it works for me."
,Recommended,319630,19843210,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ollie,"A truly beautiful and heartbreaking game, took me through a rollercoaster of emotions."
,Recommended,319630,24909295,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lync,"Great story line.I Even can't believe this game says about Butterfly Effects, Chaos Theory, etc. a little change from the past in non-linear timeline, can significantly change the future. Title of this game makes sense with the game, even in real life too.Hella Insane"
,Recommended,319630,33962119,Posted: 1 August,all,Roäc,"tl;dr: This is a must play.I don't really know what to say about this game besides that I just loved it. It has so many good points, but this is a story driven game, and that is by far the strongest point of all.It's hard to describe the trainwreck of emotions that I felt while playing this and having to take decisions that nearly tored me apart. And I kind of want to tell you why the story is so amazing, but I can't, you really have to see it by yourself.And I haven't even started talking about the soundtrack, oh god the soundtrack f(that's all I'm going to say about it tho).Visually, the game is just beautiful. The plot is strongly focused on art and photography, and you can see the influence of those themes in the artistic direction of the game.Now, gamplaywise, this is another adventure game, just like all the Telltale games (some of which are amazing too), just like in those games, you have to make some decisions during the game that will change the course of the story, and if you've played other adventure games, you'll know how it goes. But this game tries it's best to separate itself from other games of the genre and, surprisingly, achieves it(mainly because of the time travel mechanic).So, this isn't actually a very well written review, I'm just writing whatever comes to my mind since I've just finished the game.Anyway, I just want to add that this IS the best game that I've played in a long time. And the first episode is free, so you have no excuses to not play this.I rate this a 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,14487354,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jetserpent,"This game had an incredibly immersive storyline with great characters. I look forward to to next episode. My only complaint is that the fact that your choices have concequences is diluted by the fact that you can change what you do, so I tried to stick with my first choice. However this seeemed to take away from the main mechanic. Also, I couldnt find how to cancel going back in time when I accidentally pressed CTRL.Other than those minor quibbles- GREAT GAME."
76561197969873019,Recommended,319630,14292352,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,±SparkTest±,"Unique format, awesome game.  It's more like sitting down to play a choose-your-own-adventure tv show/movie.  Not meant to be played in anything less than like 20 minute or 30 minute sessions."
,Recommended,319630,31147798,Posted: 14 April,all,fric,"This game is not beautiful, but instead created the concept of beauty.Life is Strange is definitely a strange game, but it's the type of strange that I can fall in love with over and over again and never get bored.It's a game that has to be shared."
76561198335127170,Recommended,319630,32610163,Posted: 20 June,all,Avalanche,One of the best games I have ever played so far. Very rare to find games like this. Worth buying.
,Recommended,319630,32608079,Posted: 20 June,all,Haimatox,"There are a few things about Life is Strange you need to just accept. The dialogue sounds strange at times, and the facial animations are wonky. But if you can put those two things aside, you are in for an amazing ride."
76561197998448855,Recommended,319630,32609718,Posted: 20 June,all,Yours Truly,This game is so good! It kind of twists your perception of things and the open butterfly effect thing is really interesting. This game has a lot of replayability for me to see what choices I make influence the world around me and change things in future situations.
,Recommended,319630,34207736,Posted: 12 August,all,Kage63,"This is more for the game as a whole than just one episode. In short, it's a fantastic game! It really showcases how our choices have far reaching impacts. Yes, it revolves around teenage adventures and perceptions, but it makes you question if the ""Adult"" world of character like Dave are really that different from Max's. It's just two perceptions of the same photograph.Yes, it can be slow in segments and there are character development questions, but the game is well worth the pick up and is a well done story. I can't wait to see how they tell the tale of Before the Storm."
76561198343466502,Recommended,319630,32608532,Posted: 20 June,all,JVWriter90,"So I decided to write this review because E3 just happened and Life is Strange: Before the storm was reviled. The reason I got this game was because the first episode is free on here and I'm really glad I did because it is such a good game. It's a game that's all about the story, it gives you choices to make and some but not all will effect the story. It does like to make you think that everything you do will effect everything  but that's not quiet true. There's not a lot to the game play but it's not boring. It's a puzzle game so that's a lot of what you do. It got some of it's ideas from Twin Peaks so you get to see quiet a few similarities to it. The choices you do get that effect the story are the hard ones. The ones that really a moral dilemma. It is a tough game to play just because of all the emotions it makes you feel. The music in it is one of the best parts. I love this game so much and it is a game that you will want to play again and again. If you like photography this game is for you. You play as Max a 18 year old photography student and you get plenty of opportunities to take some pics."
,Recommended,319630,32609159,Posted: 20 June,all,UsmiXZ-,"Awesome, Beautiful  Fabulous game ..Worth spending time and money on.Story was overwhelming and amazing.10/10   GoodJoBCant wait for the other part releasing in august.THUMPSUP :)"
,Recommended,319630,32611173,Posted: 20 June,all,manderinexrae,This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. Every choice you make will make gameplay slightly diffferent every single time. Just have to change up on the choices a bit. I give this game a 10/10. Would totally recommend. Wowzers!
76561197973576893,Recommended,319630,32610227,Posted: 20 June,all,ShuBear,"One of if not the best story driven games I have ever played. Whereas other games have made it hard to make a decision, the emotional impact in Life is Strange was so on another level."
,Recommended,319630,34202942,Posted: 12 August,all,Krisfinity,"I LOVE THIS GAME, THE CHARACTER, STORY, ETC...JUST AMAZE ME. ALREADY FINISH THE GAME IN PS4, NOW GOING TO FINISH IT AGAIN ON STEAM. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. CAN'T WAIT FOR THE SEQUEL."
,Recommended,319630,34209742,Posted: 13 August,all,Mwalls,Nice dream.
,Recommended,319630,34214220,Posted: 13 August,all,Mandizzler,It was nice to go back in time and fix all my problems.
,Recommended,319630,34222408,Posted: 13 August,all,Bosso,"One of the most emotionally touching games I have ever played. Great story, great characters, great writing."
,Recommended,319630,34228653,Posted: 13 August,all,✘Noa,stop reading reviews and buy it.
,Recommended,319630,34229014,Posted: 13 August,all,Asexual Bastard,"Whatever you think is happening...Boi, you don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045655483,Recommended,319630,34095098,Posted: 7 August,all,HotLoad,"Simply put, it's one of the best naratives I have ever played. To me, this was a story of friendship and even when almost everyone wasn't your friend, you feel entitled to make a friendship with someone, or fix what little friendship is left(or just leave them be). I played through it all in a single day and feeling depressed helped me sit down and enjoy the game for what it is. If there's one thing I'm taking away from this game is that I need to spend more time and make worthwile memories with people I care about. Who knows when they'll leave your side?"
,Recommended,319630,19982908,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pearlescent Diarrhea,"When something negative crosses ones path; does one sought out for the opposite, or does one dwell within the current state of void? After all, if one is to overcome the challenges of the void; one tends to discover true happiness. Where as one who seeks, is on a destructive path. But even that's arguable. Because there are countless, observable experiences that all parallel with each other; some with similar outcomes, some quite drastic and very few, unique. What is it that makes these experiences differ from each other? Hardly the Individual. Sure, one can make choices independently; but we didn't choose our lives specifically. Unless we recall such a time, outside of our current ego. We all have a touch of destiny; if we didn't, we wouldn't have the ability to make great impact with our existence."
76561198001572388,Recommended,319630,34105638,Posted: 8 August,all,Moist Money,"What at first looks like a teenager highschool girls drama, quickly turns into a good scenario and quality level designing. Visuals are also cool, except the issue with the constant screen tearing no matter where you put the vsync on or off. But that detail could not overshadow such a brilliant story. If you like tell-tale kinda games where you make decisions and the world is shaping up to it (not to an extreme extent as people expect and going hurr durr this does not change anything-I mean come on, that means unlimited options and it would take decades of writing and tons of space on hard drives-) then I can easily say that this creation is one of the milestones in story telling games."
76561198374098140,Recommended,319630,34134615,Posted: 9 August,all,szoke_jokepu_1,"After sitting in silence in a dark room for 10 minutes after the credits rolled, I don't know what can I say what hasn't been said before about this game. Simply put amazing, one of the best games I ever played. A truly unique expirience which I would easily put in the best games ever created category. Buy it, enjoy it."
76561198108790655,Recommended,319630,26133847,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Wren,Excellent story and gameplay.  Every choice left me pondering the potential consequences or what could have been if I went with the other option.  Definately worth the $20 they're asking for now.
,Recommended,319630,24978046,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dr.Eevee,first episode-this game seem really nice and peacefull i like itsecond episode-alright getting preety intresting.third episode-w-why are you making me do thisfourth episode-WTF NO WAY NO WHAT WHY WTFfith episode-♥♥♥♥ YOU GAME ♥♥♥♥ YOU WTF IS GOING ON WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME WHY WHYYYYYYYYYY...............10/10 feel simulator would cry again but damn though choice about which food i want to eat....hardest choice
,Recommended,319630,30398225,Posted: 8 March,all,ludmon,best adventure game i have played ever.
76561198112921859,Recommended,319630,30332927,Posted: 5 March,all,dolpli,"A great game with cinematic composure of graphics, nice music, excellent voice acting and the most important element is the touching story between friendship and love. A game lets you see the bright and the dark side of humanity as well as the power & powerlessness of human being.Maybe a bit strange, I like 'sitting' in several scenes to enjoy the graphics, the music and what the actress told so that you know what she feels.Got it while on discount and definitely worth it."
76561198195017381,Recommended,319630,30768275,Posted: 27 March,all,Nukiyonerang,"The best ""Story Rich"" game(Must Buy)"
,Recommended,319630,30768524,Posted: 27 March,all,T S M,"caught a few feels, a rare and valuable thing"
,Recommended,319630,34366057,Posted: 19 August,all,EllE,"The story is wonderfull, it showed what your actions can cause and cost you, it also taught me how selfish i actually am at the end (i just couldn't live with myself) it was an emotional trip for me i must say, without a doubt my favourite episodic game ever, an essential purchase!"
76561198091645927,Recommended,319630,34361377,Posted: 19 August,all,The4MileCircus,"I will never recommend this game to anyone. It is a brilliant, well thought out masterpiece. But I won't recommend it. I honestly cannot tell another human being to willing break their heart the way mine now is...This game is amazing.But don't do it to yourself.Thumbs up for heart break."
,Recommended,319630,28867266,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nuruki,I'll never forget the heartbreaking turn of events halfway through the season that dramatically altered the rest of the game .. But it was definitely a work of art. The music and the story was brilliant.
76561198091608032,Recommended,319630,16583145,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Obeamer Wan Kenobi,"Go in for a les kiss, get rejected.21/20"
76561198207139649,Recommended,319630,34356482,Posted: 19 August,all,Wanna B33......,First game that made me cry!!!!!!! <3
,Recommended,319630,34357321,Posted: 19 August,all,Wallitron,"Life is Strange is one of my favorite games of all time, dispite the small amount of ""game"" there is to be found in it.The game is largely dialogue focused, with ocassional puzzle-elements that take advantage of specific time powers aquired early on in the story. The story-telling, soundtrack, and general tone of the game is where the game truly shines. Life is Strange's soundtrack is a shmogesborg of beautiful sad indie tunes from bands like Foals that perfectly complement emotional climaxes in the story. You will probably find yourself adding many of these songs to personal playlists.The story revolves around a high school girl, a murder mystery, and the problems that inevitably result from time travel. It is heartbreaking in a way that I've never seen done in a game before. It possesses a style of tradgedy you don't think games as a medium are capable of capturing.This is a game that will stick with you for a long time. I beat Life is Strange over a year ago, and I still think about it fairly regularly. It's the kind of game that un-ironically includes the number of depression and help hotlines because it's fully aware of how heartbreaking the content is.I recommend this game the same way I recommend people read a book - not to have fun, but to come away from it with a new level of empathy that you didn't have beforehand."
,Recommended,319630,34367224,Posted: 20 August,all,Coppenst,"This is one of the most amazing storygames..Not only the story itself, but also the environment and the graphics of this game.If there would be a possibility to buy soundtracks for a game, this would be the one I would actually buy, just because of the relaxing tone.It's not a complex game and gives alot of freedom in what you do between objectives so you can explore and enjoy the game in it's perfect glory.I cannot wait until the new Life Is Strange is coming out so we can enjoy all of this again ♥"
,Recommended,319630,14276800,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jason csgoroll.com,"Без спойлеров!Дико затронули персонажи, каждый из них уникален и легко запоминается.Бьюти сюжет, игра которая погружает тебя полностью.О Gameplay, не сказать что он футуриалистичен, но довольно простой что естественно не мешает вашему прохождению.Если вы еще не играли в этот шедевр, то настоятельно рекомендую приобрести данный продукт без сомненийЧем больше сила, тем больше ответственность. (^ ^)/"
,Recommended,319630,24563712,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Tubby,I WAS EATING THOSE BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS And I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,319630,14327649,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Autumnal,"An incredible second outing from Dontnod.  I loved Remember Me, and was interested in this.  I've never played a serial game before, and this was a great introduction.  Beautiful game world, and it reminded me exactly what high school was like.  The soundtrack is incredible and emotionally evocative.  I love the game mechanics, and the story is incredibly well written.   I'm buying the second chapter the day it comes out.  I hope you give it a try, it's well worth the experience."
76561198127331465,Recommended,319630,34409812,Posted: 21 August,all,"""ML""Radioman","Saw this game on twitch once, loved it and I had to get it.Played through the first episode and loved it.If you are someone that cries easiely, I recommend having a box of tissues near by.Really awesome game that everyone should play!"
,Recommended,319630,28976766,Posted: 3 January,all,GamerBot,"I didn't ever care, nor knew about this game for like almost 2 year after release. then i saw it getting soooo much positive response and reviews from everyone all over. And then i saw all my friends having this game and. so i thought 'Huh, why is everyone so onto this, lets see what's so special about this game'.I've played and finished it just today. and I... just literally have no words to say... 10/10Yep i just said thatI've never felt so much affected emotionally by virtual characters who doesn't even exist, and i've stumbled and paused the game for like 1 hour just to think about my last ultimate choice.All i could say is ""JUST GIVE ME THE POWER OF MAX, BUT WITH NO MEMORY, SO THAT I CAN PLAY THIS GAME FOR THE FIRST TIME AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN""I just didn't play as Max, i LIVED as Maxine Caulfield"
,Recommended,319630,18685102,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,lya,"Life is Strange goes to my number 1 list in my favorite games.5 Episodes, to make a sensitive person like me to lie down and cry about it, when I first loaded up this game I thought it was some crappy indie game thats like a TWD rip-off, but instead, I thought of it as the opposite, in TWD, you get choices, you either kill him or her, you either save him or her, LiS does the same thing but in a different way, and that's what made me love this game so much, If I had to summarize this game in 1 word, it'll probably be, ""Timeless"". The game reminds me so much of my past, bullies, drugs, hoes, and the people getting bullied, i'll admit, I was a victim of bullying too, and this game for some reason reminded me of those horrible days. LiS goes from a cheesy narrative gameplay to a emotional ending EVERY episode, this game made me cry throughout mostly every episode, if you're a sensitive person like me and is planning to get this game, You'll need:•Tissue, (Trust me, my shirt would get soaked every episode from crying.)•thats all, pretty much.•Optional: Friends, (They told me to ♥♥♥♥ing stop whining and they all made fun of me in the end, but they're supportive when you're playing the whole episode)Characters in this game has their own uniqueness, Max, created as a hippie 18 y/o grill that looks like a 15 year old, while the rest of the characters in the game looks way older than her. And another thing that I loved in this game is the astonishing soundtracks, because without it, think of it like the Big Bang Theory without the laugh soundtrack, yeah, its that awkward without the songs, because of Max's actions and cheesy quotes. Either way, the soundtracks in this game are amazing, and I was surprised to see one of my favorite songs used in the game, I love it. Sometimes the game will cheesy, and boring in the first few minutes, but as you get further and further, that's when LiS shows up as true narrative, emotional game.Overall, this game is a must-play, like when TWD first released, prepare for some feels, prepare your tissues, for people like me, this game goes beyond my expectation. I loved some of the people's quotes in this game, DONTNOD, I applause you for making a masterpiece. I hope you excel further throughout the video game industry, thanks for making a masterpiece and thanks for ruining my feelings. Some people won't probably like it but for me, I loved it.Some quotes I remember when talking to my friends:""oRy, dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥""""*plays hotline bling*, *Beagle starts singing*, *I cried and laughed at the same time*""*emily, ella, Carson, beagle, Shun, hunter and my other friends starts sending me the sad soundtracks after Episode 5* (I have great friends).PROS:•Great Narrative Game.•Fantastic Soundtrack that matches to every minute of every episodes.•Can make you cut yourself from the choices that leads to another sad part of the game.•Characters are unique individually, everyone has their own rulesCONS:•Some parts in the game can be really boring•Some glitches, but can be fixed easily.9.5/10 DONTNOD is one of the underrated companies out there, again I applause you, thanks for making a masterpiece, I'd love a Season 2, but hey, thats a different topic. ❤"
,Recommended,319630,34390175,Posted: 21 August,all,indomasterrace,It's not a game. It's an onion11/10
76561198042676242,Recommended,319630,18315002,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Faye'Li,"There are very few games that I'm not sure I can do justice in a review. Life is Strange just happens to be one of them.I've played all sorts of games of different genres. Action, RPG's, Puzzles, ect. Choice and Consequence games are bit different and still have to capture that emotional connection to characters that the 8-32 bit era of gaming did. Awesome graphics are more commonplace now, so the time is ripe for great storytelling to rise again and I was pretty impressed with Life is Strange so far.Now the first episode, without revealing much starts off with what seems like typical teen drama. Some of the characters fall into the usual stereotypes both by appearance and personality. So right away I wasn't super impressed. However as the game revealed more of itself I started to suspect this was done on purpose and things were much deeper than what they first appeared.The game doesn't shy away from profanity, drugs, and violence, and this actually makes the storytelling more believable. It touches some sensitive issues with what the characters deal with and they grow on you. At certain points of the game I'd had to pause and step away for a moment because of how emotionally impacting it can be. This is the very thing most modern games just fall short of these days.If there was any game made in the spirit of Donnie Darko or The Butterfly Effect, this would be it. Episode 5 is still on the horizon, but I've enjoyed 1-4 so far. I really hope Dontnod creates more titles. Working with them is probably one of the better choices Square Enix has made in recent years. Looking forward to more."
76561198136170624,Recommended,319630,15968311,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Fat Tony,"I am blown away this game is only £3.99 and its better than most ""Triple A games"" most mainstream games this year and for the last 14 years were♥♥♥♥♥♥(LOTS OF EXCEPTIONS) This game is amazing buy it now. I know where you live. :)"
,Recommended,319630,17550350,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,JokerShep,"Maybe my favourite episodic story driven experience/game. Game where it's totally okay to spend three minutes laying on a bed, listening to music, chilling & enjoying the moment of peace with your friend. The soundtrack is amazing, characters are interesting and memorizable and graphical style suits this game more than fine. Can't really wait for episode 5. While waiting I think I might play episodes 1-4 again with different choices...one or two times."
76561198147995521,Recommended,319630,15898918,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ivanconnolly95,The best.
,Recommended,319630,17365434,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,bkill27,Could have been good.I still reccomend it.
,Recommended,319630,28214306,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Komma,"As someone who grew up playing FPS, platformers, and other shooters, this game beat out all my other experiences.At first, a fellow Redditor recommended me this game in a free talk discussion.  I checked out the LiS store page, saw it was $5 for all episodes, and thought, ""Huh, this might be fun.""I did not know what I was getting myself into.  I have played other ""choose your own adventure"" games such as Mass Effect and Until Dawn, but nothing prepared me for the amount of raw emotion in this game.  I was instantly hooked.As a grown man, I've only cried to one movie, but never any games.  I bawled my eyes out playing this game.  I was instantly attached to almost all of the characters.  I was intrigued by Max, poured every bit of my rage out on Jefferson and Nathan, and fell in love with Chloe (yes, most of my choices were pro-Chloe).Please, for all that is holy, play this game.  Not only is it an amazing story, but I also discovered a lot about myself.This could never be the same in the box office.  However, if it was a movie, this would win Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.Life Is Strange is officially the greatest game I have ever played."
76561198283946691,Recommended,319630,28216006,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,cynthia02tone,"Pros:The Narrative gets more interesting towards the endThe Soundtrack is epicThe final choices make you emotional, and it reveals a lot about your own personality and worldviewCons:The final choice makes you too emotional"
76561198070123991,Recommended,319630,18648065,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Antonio Brownie,GOTY.
,Recommended,319630,18713085,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,𝒸𝓇𝒾𝓈𝓅𝓎,"Suspenseful, gritty, simplistic adventure game that anyone can pickup and play.Graphics are unlike most great AAA games you see out today but the story more than makes up for it.Every episode was knee jerk mindbending and suspensful in itself that kept you wanting more.Only gripe I had with it was the lack of ending content for the decision I chose, I picked one that didn't have enough closure and too many unanswered questions, not complaining but I just wish they could have worked on it more like the other one (you'll see what I mean when you get to them)Aside from that only gripe I definitely recommend this game for people that love a good story, just be prepared for some bumps."
76561198080276544,Recommended,319630,15099456,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Lucien Virtus,"I cannot express how good this game is. Unlike most games I have played, it touched me. Not only is it beautifully made, with stunning graphics and lovely audio, but its story is incredibly deep, pulling the gamer into the midst of it. The pressure of making important choices, the stress about the future, and the pity, anger, spite, and love felt towards other characters add to this.  When you play this game, you are not the player; you are Max, struggleing to understand your powers, and your destiny. Life is Strange has a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,319630,26853205,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wallace,"Alrighty then. This is an amazing game. Decision based games get your brain a-going. Like, should I let him go? or kill him? You never know what's gonna help or hender you. This game executes it flawlessly, but also let you re-decide your actions... sometimes... And what's great is that the other epidsodes take what you have done in previous one in account. So, when you start playing get ready for a doozy, because you will take a feels trip no matter what... Unless of course you have a stone cold heart... But that isn't any of my business.Overall 9.5/10."
,Recommended,319630,19486688,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,keirbhaltair,"There are games which I finish and, whether I liked them or not, quickly forget. And then there are games that I can't really stop thinking about long after finishing them, andLife is Strangeis one of those.Episode 1 may trick you into thinking this is just some sort of teen high school drama with a bit of the supernatural thrown in, but it's so much more. The following two episodes slowly unravel the dark side of the story, especially in their climaxes, while the last two episodes go full on with it.The gameplay heavily relies on conversations, exploration and several puzzle-like sequences. Choices you make have consequences throughout the rest of the game, from simple pictures that you can interact with later to the way other characters react to you, how much they like you or trust you, and even whether they die or not. Several choices actually made me stop for a while and think about them, and overall you'd have to be emotionally dead inside to not feel anything after finishing each episode. Also, the art style is just gorgeous.Many people will tell you they hated the final episode, but I'm not entirely sure why and it seems to me like an overreaction. I agree that the final episode doesn't rely as much on the choices and neither ending can really be called the good one, but it's arguably the most thrilling and suspenseful one of all the episodes. I have a strong preference for one of the options in the final choice, for both emotional and plot reasons, but many others, in fact apparently the majority, have the opposite opinion.Life is Strangemay very well be the video game that affected me on a personal and emotional level the most of all I've ever played."
76561198019684973,Recommended,319630,19502553,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vimax,Can't get this game out of my mind.
76561198097378983,Recommended,319630,30416054,Posted: 9 March,all,Kiland,"Alright just finished this game, I bought all the episodes from steam just for 5 bucks during a steam sale, oh boy was it worth it, although the game is not very big just with a few hours of gameplay compared to other games out there this game offers something that many others fail to offer, an experience. This is not just a game this is a ride of emotions you live a life of a student that faces every day problems but that has a special power and tries to make things right using it, you will experience an engaging story where every choice you make affects you and everyone around you. This is not a game for people who like fast paced games, It revolves about talking to people looking around your environment for clues to progress to the next step, this ia also not a game for people who are emotionally sensitive, seriously Im not a sensitive guy and I cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ playing this game it just hits you in the feels. What else can I say? First episode is free you have nothing to lose, try it and hopefully you will enjoy it as much as me and many other people did."
,Recommended,319630,18607416,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zero,"After what this game has given me, not writing a review would be a crime against humanity.This game is an absolute masterpiece that keeps you absorbed all the way through episodes 1-5!PROS:Wonderful and fitting soundtrackGreat voice acting for all the characters that fit how they lookSimple and cute graphicsOne of the greatest stories I've ever seen with good gameplay gimmicks that are actually fun to useChloe + Max = Life.Great price for the valueAbsolute feels fest </3CONS:Slightly glitchy although this was only when updated, most things are fixed as of nowPeople are salty about the ending (I don't mind it, but it's noteworthy)FEELS. GOD DAMMIT WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME.In all seriousness, this game will make you laugh, it will make you angry, it will make you confused/puzzled, but most of all you will cry, a lot. A LOT. The characters are so lovable that you feel a personal connection to all of them, and it breaks you when things go down. You have to make hard choices through-out the game on very heavy topics, but it really makes you appreciate what it gives you.Please buy this game, it is worth your money. 10/10 in my opinion, worth every penny I ever spent and I hope for more!"
,Recommended,319630,31450071,Posted: 29 April,all,ashlee the burger queen,Frank and beans.
,Recommended,319630,33924109,Posted: 31 July,all,arigatomrrobato,"Life Is Strange was quite a trip. My emotions were all over the place playing this game. The music, characters, environment, and dramatic story all contributed to an overall amazing experience.10/10"
76561198340267450,Recommended,319630,35175742,Posted: 24 September,all,Khoelxaz,"i've learned someting from this game, life is stange. yep, too ♥♥♥♥in strange, sometimes it gets hard for no reason. but there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥called ""friend"" who always with you when you're ♥♥♥♥ed up. i mean a ""true friend"" who will do anything to help you out from trouble. not everyone has friend like that, i wish i had one.  ;'("
76561198090370237,Recommended,319630,14344699,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,shrekitralph,"Honestly one of the greatest games I have ever played. This games story blew evey other game Ive played out of the water, the bond you feel between Max and Chloe is just amazing to the point where I cried multiple times throughout the games tragic moments. The love Max has for Chloe translates to the player, you develope a love and hate for evey character in the game along with some unexpected twists in the story. Overall this game will fill your need for an emotional story which you can shape into love or friendship and keep you thinking about what will happen next long after the game ends. The new game should be out in August, cant wait."
76561198085151076,Recommended,319630,19245285,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,iggg,A literal masterpeice of a video game. I just wish i could go back in time and play it for the first time again :^)
,Recommended,319630,20130386,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ardonious,Great game.Great story.Only thing I regret is forgetting to water poor Lisa
76561197977604040,Recommended,319630,14238980,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nigel,Really Great Game. I enjoyed every second of Play.
,Recommended,319630,20018586,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Metatron,You're in for an emotional ride
76561198097703928,Recommended,319630,18579119,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,rockstarpunched0007,"This is amazing. Definetly worth the buy to anyone wanting a good story. 15/10 would mess with time travel again.Episode 1 was the typical intro episode where you meet everyone and start to figure things out.Episode 2 starting getting immersive and got you thinking.Episode 3 you start to realize that your choices are becomming part of something bigger.Episode 4 will leave you on the edge of your seat begging for more.Episode 5 will blow your f**king mind and leave you thinking ""what the ?!?!? how?!?......this game is f**king awesome"""
,Recommended,319630,18593538,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Axkir,It's cool.
76561198032030490,Recommended,319630,18593633,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lideln,Absolument wonderful... No other words can describe this game.
76561197971183871,Recommended,319630,26594391,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"Absolutely my favorite episodic adventure game.  I remember waiting patiently for each episode to come out, and they were worth the wait.  I've played through a few times, trying to get it perfect.  Let's just say there is no perfect, since there are always consequences.  Very emotional.  Excellent music.  I was surprised to see that this came from Square Enix, just not something that I expected from them.  I hope they follow through with more games like this."
76561198241269124,Recommended,319630,26072800,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,shi_skies,"Despite developer budget conflicts this was beautiful. Don't look up spoliers. I ran into some glitches like rewinding getting frozen, and not being able to click some clickables. Otherwise, get it, thats all I can say."
76561198258114948,Recommended,319630,26591200,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,cl0n3s,this game is the best game I played
,Recommended,319630,26591772,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ryūko,"Beautiful game. Recommend getting the whole thing, the characters are so surreal and the voice actors did very well. Great scenery ♡"
76561198134348577,Recommended,319630,26590601,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,JadeFalcon,"This game wrecked me.Beautiful story, completely enthralling. So well done.I love the soundtrack too, of course."
,Recommended,319630,32369489,Posted: 12 June,all,Retro,"What an amazing story... whichever one you choose. A great game by Square Enix, a nicely thought out story that is kinda like a VN yet with more detail thrown in. Graphics look wonderful and the attention to detail with the various pictures you can take (as well as the different stories) adds some replayability.Even at full price its great, yet if you buy it on sale it'll feel like a robbery, so much content for so little.9/10"
76561198042650683,Recommended,319630,26479579,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Carato,Just play it already !!!
76561198128396431,Recommended,319630,26592136,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Waffle_Queen,"This is probably my favorite walking sim. This episode is free so there is no reason not to buy it, but expect to get hooked and buy the rest of the game."
,Recommended,319630,26596585,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,†Against My Will,I LOVE ITThe story hits home so hard that the dinosaur become extinct.11/10 Would play again.I ship Max/Chloe
,Recommended,319630,34344213,Posted: 18 August,all,Twisty,"Not Enough Strange, Too Much Life"
,Recommended,319630,34357957,Posted: 19 August,all,Friends? Pffffffft.,"Very rarely will I encounter a game that leaves me speechless, this is one."
,Recommended,319630,32962278,Posted: 28 June,all,SlyCoopersButt,This game has one of the most amazing stories with lovable characters that I've ever played. I just wish they didn't have to go and♥♥♥♥♥♥it all away with the terrible ending.
,Recommended,319630,33067199,Posted: 30 June,all,allijandrooo,"This game is PHENOMENAL. I love a good story line, and this one did not disappoint. Plot twists galore, creepiness, and a general feeling of ""What the heck is going on"". The rewinding took me a little while to get used to, but once I figured out how to use it correctly, it was one of my favorite parts of the game. Please enjoy this game as much as I do!!"
76561198058102566,Recommended,319630,34317521,Posted: 17 August,all,LTG,Top!
,Recommended,319630,26772535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Etu,It is your destiny to play this game someday soon.Someone will rewind time and make it happen so.
76561198112012764,Recommended,319630,33061348,Posted: 30 June,all,cml103020,"One of the most captivating, gorgeous, and emotional games I have ever played.Despite the sci-fi type premise, Life Is Strange portrays a town with a cast of exceptionally realistic and relatable characters. Each one, including the seemingly unimportant NPCs, has his or her own unique story, as well as his or her own exclusive motivations, characteristics, and personality traits.The overall theme of the game is supposed to be centered around mystery, and it effectively maintains this atmosphere throughout all five episodes. Startling moments of sheer terror are exquisitely interspersed with delightful moments of friendship and closeness. Certain moments are so poignantly heartbreaking that the player will be inclined to wipe their eyes every now and then. I personally did not cry... but I came very close to crying several times.And the ending to this game... it almost literally took my breath away.10/10 Would and most certainly WILL recommend to friends."
76561198015128536,Recommended,319630,17686305,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SarahKhy | Twitch,"I seriously recommend this game to anyone who enjoys storylines and huge plot twists in games. One of the best games of 2015 so far. Just when you think it's a fun and light game, it turns into a psychological thriller. (A few trigger warnings so heads up if you are sensitive to depressive or certain things)."
76561198133808368,Recommended,319630,18579266,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SamTheKami,And I sacrifice the whole town for her.I'll save you. No matter what.10/10
76561198179678294,Recommended,319630,24577526,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jaimie Mitchell,One of the best games I have ever played!
76561198059389144,Recommended,319630,19495357,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Henry the Billionaire,This game needs to be rated E.This is an amazing work of art that EVERYONE must experience.
76561198028234368,Recommended,319630,19495972,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Aarala,"An excellent Interactive story game with rich characters, great voice acting and an absorbing plot. You make choices that affect dialogue, characters and even the game mechanics.The first four chapters are excellent, with true character and relationship development and a story that absorbs you, culminating in the 4th episode where you finally start to get answers to burning questions strewn throughout the first four episodes. It's at the 5th episode where the game starts to falter a bit. Episode 5 felt rushed and under developed in comparison to the rest of the game. Some important themes and characters are left hanging.Then there is the ending which is reminiscent of mass effect 3. Not nearly the amount of choice you were led to believe by the developers. ""Multiple endings depending on the choices you make"" was what we were told, but the truth is there are only 2 endings neither of which reflects the choices you made throughout the game. After all the emotion and tough decisions you made it really is disappointing to have none of that matter at the most important part of the game.Overall Life is Strange is a fantastic game and I highly recommend it, just make sure you go into it with the mindset of an interactive movie and not an interactive game like I did and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,319630,19496004,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,XcRaZeD,This game is pretty much Steins: Gate but your feelings get kicked in the balls far harder and much more frequently10/10 would wish they never played episode 4-5 again
76561198017701618,Recommended,319630,24500798,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Boostman,"I bough this game based purely on the reviews that others gave it. Its not a decision I regret! By far one of the best episodic games i've played. wonderful story, complex moral issues and characters you care about."
,Recommended,319630,24576342,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,iKareful,Great storyline. Great plots. Game is worth the buck. Get it and play it.
,Recommended,319630,19495416,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,w -.-. t,let's start playing the game again thought i have to wait for the time travel program to get ready in my reality. Dont know about ur'sHeck yeah buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198062640694,Recommended,319630,24577548,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Vosman,If there is one game that I would highly recommend it's this one! The story is amazing and it had really good twists! Love it till death 9/10
,Recommended,319630,24578080,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nebster,Emotions trough whole game...
76561198044291517,Recommended,319630,27431950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ดอทเอเป็นเกมหัวร้อน,I played first episode for free but it really really good game so i buy this all 5 episode in this sale. if u want this game just buy. have fun !
76561197980305323,Recommended,319630,18607245,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,popipo,One of the best game I've ever played.
76561198092637920,Recommended,319630,18607145,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,"I thought, ""maybe, just maybe there will be a way out of this....just maybe it'll all be ok....""I couldn't have been more wrong.As I sit here now, my my mind a wreck and my heart torn in two, I want to give you all this warning, just save yourself the pain and sorrow.Or flip a coin like I did to make that last choice. I couldn't do that on my own.heartbreak/10"
76561198253818812,Recommended,319630,18607164,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ragtail,"Episode 5:On one hand I am frustrated at the fact that none of my choices mattered in the end, that the endings didn't have much closure and nothing was really explored or explained after.On the other hand I can't help remembering Max quoting something along the lines of ''The more I try to fix things, the more I realize how little control I have over anything.''Maybe they did this on purpose, the feeling of desesperation, that nothing we did mattered: all part of the experience of being-playing Max Caulfield, feeling what she feels. But I still can't help feeling...dissapointed in how useless all of my experience with the town was? Hah...guess that's part of what I just mentioned. It did help Max develope and grow, I guess the idealist part of me wants a perfect ending, I realize that is not realistic and it's not what this game wants to portray. Still, I wanted more closure on the 'save Chloe' option, to know the origin of Max's powers etc.Maybe in a second season? ;)"
,Recommended,319630,18606739,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,epsilon9,A life of light mood music and innocent school life turns to a compelling game of excruciating choices within the bounds of realities that you can't regret making. The transition in episodes between normal and strange is so bazzar yet captivating. It is strange that way.10/10 would choose again
,Recommended,319630,18607172,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ColonelFatherDad,Cannot recommend this highly enough.This game will change your life in wonderful ways.
,Recommended,319630,27730215,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JunglePredator,"Great soundtrack, good graphical style which is interesting & sometimes amazing visuals.Characters seems to have some personality & setting (at least in Chapter 1) has a very good suspension of disbelief.Quite recommend (despite Squenix's screw those of use who bought the 1st chapter)."
76561198051144382,Recommended,319630,29542766,Posted: 28 January,all,allenwsnyder,"I haven't played ""The Longest Journey"" in probably 17 years, so I'm a little hesitant to say this, but ""Life is Strange"" has replaced ""The Longest Journey"" as my all-time favorite game. So emotional, so affecting, so real, and a very good answer to Roger Ebert's contention that video games aren't art. (To be fair to The Longest Journey, it too was a good answer to that contention.)For first time in my 50+ year life, I'm reading fanfic and watching people play a game on YouTube (after I'd finished it; I like to see how they react to certain scenes).Here's a very brief excerpt from a review in the Swarthmore college newspaper, The Daily Gazette, by a student who also writes game-related reviews and articles for Paste magazine, because it perfectly encapsulates how I feel after playing this game: ""It’s been days and Max and Chloe are all I can think about. I miss them. I miss their wonderful dialogue, their cute interactions, the way Max always wants to protect Chloe and the way Chloe brings out the adventurous side of Max. Their story was a harrowing and emotional experience, but also a beautiful one."""
,Recommended,319630,19938087,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nosferatu,"This game truly deserves the Game Of The Year award! It's story is better than any of the recent AAA titles or even most recent movies. It really sets a new bar for interactive storytelling, choices actually matter, but I won't spoil anyting else. I can safely say it's one of my new all-time favorites."
,Recommended,319630,17269597,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,IICMCDII skinhub.com,"absolutely great game, i love it!"
76561198145388906,Recommended,319630,30168418,Posted: 25 February,all,QuEST,RIGHT.IN.THE.F*CKING.FEELS.I CRY.﻿50/10 Would Cry again anytime.
76561198040817310,Recommended,319630,20170951,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Healthy Pepe,How to play Life is Strange:1. Try not to cry2. Cry a lot
76561198246156482,Recommended,319630,29124809,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic | SirSwoodie,"Wait, EPISODE ONE IS FREE? I loved the first episode. I can`t stop but playing it over. THIS GAME IS EPIC!"
,Recommended,319630,18813400,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Woke Wombat,Please stop watching Let's Plays and experience it for yourself. NAOI just wanted to get that off my chest.
,Recommended,319630,18592344,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Chode,"This is by far, one of the greates experiences I've ever had. A good tip is to wait a few days between episodes, I had to since they came out a few months appart and it enhanced the experience even more."
76561198042621118,Recommended,319630,18592815,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Carlo Gesualdo,Never got to 'Go Ape' with Warren- 0/10
76561198039643151,Recommended,319630,18592914,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JulioRosario89,"Honestly, there's not much to say. If you love story driven games, but this one, it's amazing. If you don't like story driven game, buy this one, it's amazing.The concept this game is based on is not only cool, but also very well developed. You don't mess around with time, ever!"
76561198098301324,Recommended,319630,18592949,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,KingBrotar,"Play this game. If you enjoy games that focus intensely on story and player choice then you have to play this. When I first started I caught my self thinking ""Did I just waste my money on a highschool drama simulator?"" I can tell you today after finishing the 5th episode which just came out today that I did not. I loved everything about this game. THERE ARE SO MANY CHOICES TO MAKE!!!! The choice you've got to make today is to try it out or not. I encourage you to try it."
76561198046838637,Recommended,319630,18592353,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HereticPruder,"Life is Strange, and so is this game, but that is not a bad thing."
76561198034427441,Recommended,319630,18592466,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tactiic,"10/10, 5 Stars, amazing. Best narrative I've ever had the pleasure of playing."
76561198075016439,Recommended,319630,18592544,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ShadowSakura,"Life is Strange is one of the best choice-based games I have ever played. Almost every decision leaves me thinking for a long time. After Episode 5, I will say that I ended up in tears thanks a lot DontNod! Still the game was worth buying the season pass!"
76561198041696260,Recommended,319630,18592939,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,yumyum,"Life is Strange follows a young girl who finds herself far (and not so far) from home during the last stage of childhood, towards adulthood.  It is a game that pulls on all of your heartstrings and challenges your morals to create a game experience worthy of the greatest storytellers in history.  A side aspect of the game is THAT IT ♥♥♥♥ING DESTROYS YOUR ALREADY FRAGILE EMOTIONAL STATE TO TURN YOU INTO A PATHETIC SOBBING MESS BECAUSE OF ITS DEVIOUS PERFECTION.  ♥♥♥♥ YOU DONTNOD FOR MAKING ME LOVE THIS SO MUCH I CRIED FOR HOURS.It also takes place in Oregon, which I like because it's a nice place."
,Recommended,319630,14383168,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,EPIC YAY,"Give us the Polaroid and wipe away the debt. XDSorry, I'm horrible at articulating things in general, let alone reviewing stuff, so feel free to mark as unhelpful. For what it's worth, this game is astoundingly good, a jem if you like story and naritive, and the story is real as ####. I can't wait for the other episodes."
,Recommended,319630,27472694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,deathsmack,"This game, first of all I would like to say that this is the best game I've played in my entire life. I never cried this much by playing a game. I went so deep into this game that I can't even explain. The experience gave me goosebumps, the storyline is extraordinarily awesome, the twists, the suspense, we can't even guess what will be up next. The soundtracks fit perfectly with the gameplay and are very soothing. In short, the overall experience is ridiculously awesome. I will give this game a rating of 10/10, and will highly recommend every gamers and non-gamers to play this game for atleast once. I dont know what to say more. But this is the best game I've played till date. Seriously, Life Is Strange!"
76561198058974327,Recommended,319630,18695380,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Chiinifli,10/10 would rewind and play again.
,Recommended,319630,34742654,Posted: 4 September,all,Little Twig,"My first Tele-Episodic game andit was wild.Quick ThoughtsThis was my first Tele-Episodic game and I will recommend it to people, even if you haven't tried these kind of games before.I found the story captivating and emotionally fulfilling, though it had some minor flaws. The gameplay is for what the genre is decent.Is this game for you?Although I found that the game isn't particularly aimed at my demographic (Male in his twenties), I still think it was enjoyable. I definitely believe that the game is much more suitable for a teenager as I felt that it could've gained a lot if there was more mature dialogue scenes, violence and sex, not just for the sake of it but I really think the story would've benefited from it. It did tease those things a couple of times but that was it.That being said, some of the immature decisions the characters make does fit them as they are after all teenagers so it didn't bother me too much in the end.I can still recommend it to everyone but especially if you're a teenager.The story.I'll keep this short since I do not want to spoil it for you.This is the main ♥♥♥♥ing selling point of the game. The story is great, it will keep you on edge and make you buy all the episodes so you find out what happens. Itgreatly punches you emotionally.Had it not had such an emotional story and a roller coster of a ride the game  would not be what it is.The characters are for the most part great, I didn't really care for any of the main ones however. The ending is satisfying.One of the problems I have with the story are that some of the 'side-plots' and decisions you make in the game around them really absolutely do not matter in the end. A lot of side story things that are displayed as in 'this will have an effect' later on really do not and in some cases you don't even ever see what your choice ended up changing so they're really filler material but this is a minor pet peeve as the main story is great and your choices do matter.Many cases of illusion of choice as user HOTSPOT puts it.The second problem is that the story is flawed and paradoxical in nature once you begin to think about it but I feel like you can easily get past that as that's a thing that a lot of fiction related to time travels suffers from, the point is that this is not detrimental to your enjoyment at all.The GameplayThe gameplay is decent for what the game is.. as I mentioned this is my first Tele-Episodic game and the only experience I've had was watching a stream of the Walking Dead Gameplay and I really felt that these games are boring and are only story telling based on that. Well this game is a little bit different and it might surprise you, it did surprise me.There's a really cool element in it where you could reverse time and go back to alter your choices (that's what the game is basically based upon). This is really cool and not only does it tie in with the story perfectly and it makes sense but it also drastically improves your gameplay experience as you're not forced to commit to a choice and you can alter game as you go on.Absolutely amazing feature that was integrated flawlessly and I can barely see myself playing another Episodic game without it.That being said, one thing that was annoying with the time travel mechanic is that sometimes you couldn't time travel back and immediately alter a choice you made which was a bit random.In the game at certain points it is exactly explained why you can't go back in time and immediately change what you said and it makes sense but other times you're just immediately presented with a cut scene and then you can't go back.. without a warning.. while at other times you still just made a decision that will impact the whole game but you can just go back and rewind. So this made up for a somewhat mixed experience because at some points I was led to believe that I could rewind back what I just did/said and I would simply go for the wildest answer even though it's not the one I want but I'd end up not being able to reverse it, while at other times I could actually do that..I think a optional warning when things could or not be reversed might of helped or just more consistency.Other than that feature however ,there's no much really for you to do in the game. The gameplay is somewhat repetitive. The main things you do is go back in time, talk to people and explore.There are 2 main distinct mini challenges in the game.The first one is to focus on photos. This is a very bad implementation and was really tedious and did not add anything to the table, it didn't make sense either and it was quite buggy so I really disliked it.The other mini game was basically solving a puzzles out of the clues you've collected in episode 4 and connecting the dots or for example entering keycodes/passwords etc. This I found fun.I would've enjoyed seeing a bit of a more interactive gameplay even though it's an episodic game, the time travel scenarios kind of expand in episode 5 which I liked a lot.The other flaw is that you can't skip cut scenes at all, unless you just watched that cut scene. If you want to replay the whole game you'll have to re-watch all the cut scenes.. this is really putting me off from replaying the whole game and really diving deep in to the whole story and you can't even let the cut scenes drag as if you alt-tab the game will auto pause and it wont resume until you focus on it again.There were a few audio glitches/bugs in the game while I played it but nothing major.Technical StuffAnitmation and graphics are ok.Voice acting is ok for the most part but there are times that it's not so great and you can barely recognise that it's the same voice actor.. so kind of a mixed bag.Music is sometimes annoying and I ended up severely lowering it as I progressed. I just didn't feel the need of yet another cheesy alt-j song while the animations and transitions were playing and I like alt-j and most of the music that was played in it.PriceWorth? Yea.. it's worth it for the 5 episodes.. You'll probably end up buying them after playing the first one. I didn't particularly like that you can buy the episodes separately or that it's sold episodically at all. I think the game should be represent it for what it is and not be split in episodes since there's no clousure until the very last episodes, the previous ones always end up on a cliff hanger (of course to sell the other ones more). The game would really be wasted if you don;t play it through.I'll definitely play the new one as well."
76561198061300060,Recommended,319630,16038059,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Stealthwipe,"A good game with incredible atmosphere and matching soundtrack, a nice change from all the action titles out there."
76561198010488906,Recommended,319630,16043174,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Meeshell,Awesome game! I totally love this game and advise everyone to give it a try. I can't wait for more episodes.
76561197965888273,Recommended,319630,16051329,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Zen,"Incredible voice acting, characterization, and a gripping story: this is what gaming should aspire to be. BioWare games have interesting characters; this game has characters you love, you hate, and you empathize with. It allows player agency while maintaining a strong narrative, leaving you second-guessing your major choices...not coincidentally a lot like life.The story drives you through themes which are rarely touched upon in games, ranging from depression to exhilaration, loyalty to betrayal. You don't simply press 'F' to pay your respects here; you nurture relationships through your dialogue choices and the actions you take; you work for your friendships or let apathy guide your way...it's your choice.Technical Ratings: The character models and textures are not as great as they could be, especially for the Unreal Engine, but the environmental graphics and overall art direction are quite strong. Audio is also excellent, with a ridiculously appropriate soundtrack.I'm only through the first three released episodes, and I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,319630,16117282,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rooks,"Few stories I've ever read/watched/played has gripped me in a way that Life Is Strange has. It delivers a compelling story that differs quite a lot from, say, Telltale's The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us - which is just a better reason to get Life Is Strange in the first place.Despite the somewhat flimsy lip-sync and a little bit of a sketchy first time launch, (of which there are many useful guides around the web if it should happen to you,) I strongly recommend this game if you enjoy deep stories and a game with tons of replay value. Definitely GOTY material, this."
,Recommended,319630,16118011,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lagset,"This game is worth every cent. The storyline with all the decisions, makes you very interactive. The music in the game is also fitting to each situation. Whoever you are I am sure you will enjoy this game. 10/10 <3"
76561198060566608,Recommended,319630,16187246,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Maggie Sawyer,"Really enjoyed the first 3 episodes. Well-written dialogue, nice gameplay, occasionally funny.This game made me laugh and cry at the same time.Also loving the cinematography. It feels very movie-like.9/10"
,Recommended,319630,16258822,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rob,Pros:-Interesting gameplay with time shifting-Your decisions impact future events-See how your decisions differ to other people's at the end of each chapter-Nice graphics and controller support so you can enjoy the story on the big screenCons:-Girly story-Controls aren't that intuitiveWish more games came in this Telltale games style format.
,Recommended,319630,16265868,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AttackehZacheh,"It's twin peaks with heavy rain with the walking dead with the catcher in the rye with gone home, BUT WITH TIME TRAVEL,and to all of the menimists' saying they hate this game are clearly hating on girl power that the story has, or those that hate the hints at a pan/poly/demi/bi/lesbian charecter becasue they feel threatenend that someone could love... a person.The choices matter(hello telltale) and the story and an atmosphere you could almost smell and combine that with the kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack from jonathan (something) and the liscensed tracks like lua, got well soon, to all of you, obstacle and the sense of me make the game that little bit more ripe."
76561198028380595,Recommended,319630,16268881,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ElleNz xGOD,Life is strange is like an interactive ABC family teen show. Is it good? Yes it is!!!! Its not one of those games where you can sit and jump in anytime you want though. Its very slow and has lots of reading. If you want a game thats kinda like watching tv then this is your game!! The main difference here is that you get to pick the course!!
,Recommended,319630,16272113,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gracie,"I saw this game on Steam and was like, ""I have money to spare, I shall buy this game!"". I didn't expect to love this game so much. You get so immersed in the story and you think so hard about your choices that you almost become part of the game. I have loved following the adventures of our time-travelling friend Max so far and I can't wait for the next episodes to come out.Oh yeah, and that one kiss.I rate 10/10 just because THE SHIP HAS SAIIIIILLLLEEEDD!"
76561197978351646,Recommended,319630,16518759,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr_Benn,"So far I like everything about this game. The setting and characters are not what I would have chosen, but the fact that I find this game engaging and immersive anyway says a lot about its standard and quality. The world Max lives in is very real and detailed, and I don't think anyone who appreciates computer games can fail to be impressed by it.I'm looking forward to the rest of the installations, and I hope to see more ground breaking titles like this published by Sqaure Enix."
,Recommended,319630,16616174,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sammul,"Holy crap. This game is incredible. It's BRILLIANTLY written. Feels like you're playing a TV show.... where you can actually change what happens.Dontnod have always been pushing the boundries, glad they hit mainstream with this one. If you're on the fence... get this game. It's incredible."
,Recommended,319630,16188450,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,vrempleo,Life is Strange is one of the best games I've played in a long time. The only down side to the game is that not all the episodes are out and you have to wait to know what happens next. Graphics and storyline are awesome and done VERY well. Bravo to all those that made this game.
76561198056184554,Recommended,319630,16198882,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Abbez,Great so far (as of episode 3). I love to see the variety of choices and the noticeable impact they have on your story. It's also wonderful at capturing the typical teenage mindsets and generating sympathy for all sorts of characters.
76561197976014259,Recommended,319630,18631036,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captian Fluffypants,"This is an amazing roleplaying game with puzzles.  There is no real combat.  The story is amazing, the characters are deep and make you care for them and your decisions matter much more then most games.  Yes there is a little bit of a railroad but without a small amount there would be no game.  I am not even a fan of this gerne and I still think its amazing.  Think of it more like a really, really good choose your own adventure book then a game."
,Recommended,319630,18638140,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kayleigh8moore,"I downloaded this game on the day it came out purely because I was looking for something while wating for Dreamfall Chapters. It has a very detailed storyline that rivals any game, tv show or movie. There are lots of comparrisons to games like The Longest Journey and it is on that level of epic story. I had recently replayed TLJ games through and found that when knowing what to do it was more like watching a movie, LIS is even better, you feel as though your choices actually matter, and they do. It not only has a great story but it also has a fear level similar to escaping a killer in Still Life 2 combined with the wit and charm of watching an episode of Veronica Mars.It was fantastic to play through and I will play it through again, but not straight away purely because I have never played a game before that can make you cry because you care so much about the characters. So far so noone has made an episodic game that plays so well, recaps and cliffhangers that make you long for each installment. As it says Season 1, I can only assume a second season is planned. Even if they used new characters in a new situation I would definitely buy it. I can't wait."
,Recommended,319630,16050724,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,harveysmarvey,There are really no words to express other than play this game and choose wisely.
76561198091350091,Recommended,319630,16054096,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dread Pirate Robbie,"On a scale of 1 to 10... 15!I can't recommend this game enough. Seriously, buy it right now."
,Recommended,319630,16054543,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,jester,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥.. This Game... THIS IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD!
,Recommended,319630,16060180,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,walawalacowboy,Spilled white stuff on a rich white girl's hair and face.9001/10 wood do again.
76561198269372974,Recommended,319630,34712784,Posted: 3 September,all,G!anT,im in love with this masterpiece....somehow it reminds me of 13 reasons why!!i cried at the end :')
,Recommended,319630,34657106,Posted: 1 September,all,|$m0k!n|-R0m-,"This is a review for episode 1 to 5.Riveting storyline, interesting characters & gameplay concept, hard decisions and an uncanny yet familiar atmosphere - everything that makes a story rich game absolutely amazing.This is the best story based game I have ever played and one of the most poignant story told by a video game. A little gem if you are more of the storyline type/mood rather than action gameplay.TL;DR 10/10 piece of art."
,Recommended,319630,34099742,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr Slowly,much emotional
,Recommended,319630,34491241,Posted: 25 August,all,djgoober,"In all seriousness I have never thought about a game so much after completing it. The dialouge can be hella bad but when its acted out with such feeling and emotion you cant help but feel like you got to know these characters and really connect and relate with them. I laughed and mostly cried during my playthrough. I refuse to play it again because i feel like its MY story and ironically cant be rewritten. Ashly Burch is amazing and she deserves all the attention but lets not forget Hannah Telle as Max, she is the life and soul of this game and gave and gave an outstanding mellow performance."
,Recommended,319630,34493274,Posted: 25 August,all,kain0bi,Amazeballs! I literally got chills all over my neck.
,Recommended,319630,34492559,Posted: 25 August,all,Felpos Khalifa,"An unexpected storyline, but not so satisfied ending for me.This game is more than beautiful, I just can't describe how good is this game visualization.I was surprised sh*tless on the  episode4, I love this game, great visual, amazing storyline, confusing choices.But I hate its ending, neither choice satisfied me.Overall, i'll give 9.5/10It almost be a perfect game, but hell ya it has a big one minus. (FOR ME)."
,Recommended,319630,18705500,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Exa_byte,"I'm conflicted, I enjoyed this game a lot but wish I could rewind time and not play it. Also great music. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,15992599,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Soujirou Marui,"Dont say anything, just buy it."
,Recommended,319630,16067723,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,sardonika,Wow.  Yes.  Buy.
,Recommended,319630,16070782,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ApexShiro,"This is the first review I've ever felt compelled to write and that's a testament to the game itself. The game is breathtaking, and that's with only half the game released at time of writing.It's not the story being out of this world, or the gameplay being unbelievably new (Telltale have obviously done similar games) it's the collective game as a whole where it really shines. It's every little small detail that you observe that make the game so immersive. I finished the first 3 episodes in about 9 hours, but it didn't feel like that. You get sucked into Max's world and following her story that you just zone into the game, which I haven't felt in a game in a long time. There are small things that are buggy here and there but nothing that even bother you much, and that's as much as you can really hope for for most games.Overall this is easily the best game I've played this year, one of my favourite games to date, and I really hope the final two episodes are as amazing as the last. For those into story based games, this is the game for you! I highly recommend buying Life is Strange.P.S. Water your plant or face the consequences. :P"
76561198043882225,Recommended,319630,18705799,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TheLetterMilk,I dont regret anything10/10
,Recommended,319630,34416063,Posted: 22 August,all,JustAnotherHumanoid,This game simply changed my life...
,Recommended,319630,27347816,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kittendust,Ｉ　ｏｎｌｙ　ｋｎｏｗ　ｔｈａｔ　ｙｏｕ　ｗｉｌｌ　ｃｒｙ　ｗｉｔｈ　ｔｈｉｓ　ｇａｍｅ！
76561198060590039,Recommended,319630,29397200,Posted: 21 January,all,jbaile57,amazing
,Recommended,319630,28846238,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MrCokTatli,"Alright let me start off saying I didn't expect ANYTHING from this game at first. Just bought it at a summer sale without even watching the trailer. So when I actually started, I was like... WOWSER! I can't tell you in words how beautiful this game is. Astonishing style and visuals, outstanding soundtrack, hella cool characters, and an amazingly well-crafted emotional story. One of my favorite games of all time to say the least. 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,34695885,Posted: 2 September,all,Majkl,A true gem amongst tons of other games.11/10 would rewind time & undoubtedly play this masterpiece again.
76561198084411545,Recommended,319630,20051588,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheDarknessIsFleeting,When i first began this game i was like Time travel? lol this games gunna suck few hours into it im addicted to the thing. This story is so emotional and its plot is amazing. When I finished I wanted to restart it all again just to redo Chloe and Max's amazing friendship.How dare anyone not choose Chloe I shun ye1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 out of 10Seriously get this game its soo good
,Recommended,319630,33867443,Posted: 28 July,all,Badee3,do you want to cry? THIS IS THE GAME YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.....THIS IS THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE I CRY FOR A VIDEO GAME .... JUST AMAZING <3
76561198018361028,Recommended,319630,33856825,Posted: 28 July,all,Banzaitoaster,Emotional Trainwreck: The Game10/10
,Recommended,319630,18595947,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,XAH...,"Best game of 2015, expect to continue with other characters"
,Recommended,319630,34539328,Posted: 27 August,all,Nyel,"One of the most incredible, intense, and emotional fictional experiences available in any medium. Words can't do it justice."
,Recommended,319630,32731213,Posted: 24 June,all,Microwavekonijn,"This game is amazing, just like Game of Thrones they know how to play with your emotions but in a completly different way. I just wish they provide a little more information about what happend when the story ends with a particular ending as there is no real answer only speculation. But in the end the ending I chose was really satisfying and devastating at the same moment. Cannot wait for the prequel Before the Storm, as in the deluxe edition there will be another episode where you can play as Max and you get to meet Rachel."
,Recommended,319630,28859947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Heist Fly,"Games can touch you in many different ways. Sometimes they make you think, sometimes they bring you simply enough fun, or sometimes sadness. Life is Strange touches on all of these feelings while unraveling a seemingly simple story of a girl in high school. It discusses depression, suicide, kindness, discovering who you are, love, and friendship. The soundtrack and art style are awesome and make the experience that much more memorable. The story, choices you make, and characters are all very complex and interesting. Life is Strange is one of these games that should be played by every person.Edited: Finished All 5 Episodes. What else can I say? One thing I can say for sure: this is one of the best games I've played in the last 10 or even more years. After all these years, after all these terrible, monotonous and simply boring games, I finally played something new, previously unseen. I can say that this game is a masterpiece of the gaming industry, on the same shelf with such masterpieces like Half-Life 2, Portal, COD MW and etc. Even hard to believe how I could miss this game past my  eyes. Just buy this game and I'm sure that you will never regret. This game will defiently change you and your life. Forever."
,Recommended,319630,17283297,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,My Name's Nobody.,Stupid game. Forced me to make decisions I never wanted to make and  I will regret for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,319630,14509181,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Tempest,"A very enjoyable adventure game, with nuanced, interesting characters. Can't wait for future episodes."
,Recommended,319630,17463855,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,AndrewIan,"This game really sucked me into its atmosphere and I learned to love all of the characters, which ended up making decisions very difficult. Some decisions I made had me question my morality on a very deep level.Everything is important in this game. There isnt much that's put in the game without having a secret meaning or being a piece of information that could prove useful in your decisions.Overall, I found the story very moving and it felt sincere. A fantastic game."
76561198000768695,Recommended,319630,27853402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mrben,"Wonderful game, great soundtrack, love this game."
76561198344111807,Recommended,319630,29500550,Posted: 26 January,all,Grace Feng,"Life is Strange is no doubt a masterpiece. I regard it as more an interactive movie than a game. It bottles the turmoil and self-discovery of teenage into a story about profound friendship, of a “time traveller”—Max. Caulfield—who tried hard to keep everything on the right track. Gorgeous art and music give life to the game's world and vivid character building. All the smart setting of choices helps you identify with Max, and put you in the same position of uncertainty she regularly finds herself in. That’s the reason why we found each decision made is literally though, often with long-term consequences that we can’t see until it’s too late, leaving us anxious and uncertain, regardless of Max’s power.However, the player’s choices do have a major impact on events that happen throughout the game and are mentioned later on, but the crucial final decision would always be there, unchangeable. This is the key point. Life is strange wants to tell us more than the story happened within the Arcadia Bay, but guides us to meditate on our own attitude towards life. The original purpose of the director is to give the shy girl Max, like many of us, who felt lost about her future, the time-reversal power. Because in real life, I always complain how I wish I could go back in life to change those regretful things I’ve done, and everything will be all right, so this game gives me the chance to find out by myself whether the time-reversal power would actually work. Unfortunately, I realized at last no matter how hard I tried to save Chloe and protect other people, whether I was friend with Victoria, whether I fell in love with Warren, all these don’t matter anymore in face of the storm. I have to admit there is an ineffable destiny beyond this universe, which the director explained as “Chaos Theory”. Everything has its consequences and would disappear at last, back to the origin. All we can do is accept the harsh reality, or lose everything in exchange for twisting the life track. Just like what the director intended to imply—“There’s no perfect way to do things.”"
,Recommended,319630,34468672,Posted: 24 August,all,neverofgussed,honestly one of the best games out there
,Recommended,319630,19933103,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nesz,Main course - narrator.
,Recommended,319630,20327360,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Autarch,GET THIS NOW!
,Recommended,319630,34347518,Posted: 19 August,all,.hazu,Every DONTNOD game is a must play.
,Recommended,319630,27415307,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CenturionMain,"Didn't even play 1 hour, now it's my favourite game."
76561198040298923,Recommended,319630,17620112,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Sketchycrow,I strongly Urge and Suggest Anyone and Everyone to play This
76561198327598678,Recommended,319630,34958241,Posted: 14 September,all,felixthehellaradcat,"this is still my favorite game ive ever played. if you buy this just get ready for the feels train thats coming your way. it is so worth it though, the soundtrack is beautiful and the storyline starts off rather light and quickly gets darker through the episodes. do your choices really matter?"
,Recommended,319630,14564346,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Amimami.,"This game is a real experience, the voice acting, the music, the characters are absolutely amazing !If you are looking for a real emotional game with a great storyline, this is what you are looking for !Can't wait for the next episode ![UPDATE]This is one of those games that plays so well with your emotions that you really can't feel the time passing by. You are quickly submerged by the feelings of the characters and the music is so on point that the immersion is total. Be sure to have a box of tissues nearby when you are playing it !Clearly this game deserves to be considered a French art piece and should go to a museum !10/10 Would save Chloe again."
76561198049491696,Recommended,319630,19001853,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Zombie Fingers,"10/10This game is a well written interactive story. It is a Nancy Drewesque Mystery that would make Nancy run, peeing, to her closet.You play Maxine Caulfield, a high school senior. Things at school are not as they should be and Max is on a mission to find out why.  You follow her through a series of increasingly dark and disturbing events that go well beyond trying her patience.Max does, however, have a secret power to help her along the way. She can rewind time and get a do-over. If something goes awry Max can go back and give it another shot. Now don't you wish you could do that?This is an  excellent game. The story is well-written and the plot non-linear and twisty. Unlike several games I have played, the choices you make have outcomes that affect the story in important ways.The soundtrack is effectivly used to support what is happening in the game. The cutscenes stear the plot unobtusivly and the camera work is excellant. The endngs of each episode used these to effectivly close it and leave  me wanting the next one. At the end, as the roller coaster came to a stop I felt glad that I'd bought a ticketIn general, I don't enjoy time-travel stories, but the way they dealt with the effects of changing things in the past were well done and kept me entertained .I appriciated that the main character was a heroine rather than a hero. There are not enough female characters leading these games and I grow tirred of seeing one knuckle-walking meathead after another solving a problem by beating the crap out of it.Some elements of this story are disturbing. You are not killing monsters or cutting down armies with a machine gun and a handful of grenades, You are dealing with terrible things that happen in the real world. They are not pleasant and the game does not sugar coat them. So be warned.Life is Strange is one of the best games I've played in the last year. If you enjoy interactive stories by all means play it.I rate it 10 out of 10 beached Whales."
,Recommended,319630,34948815,Posted: 14 September,all,CornishTwit,"A beautiful game, in style, character and story. Even though a lot of the critisism is correct (the choices often don't make much of a difference and the end game is a mass effect 3 style ending), it doesn't stop it from being extremely immersive and It's all about the characters. Clicking on 10 different items in a room to hear Max's opinion on each of them had me thoroughly enjoy her character.Not to mention the absolutely incredible soundtrack and OST.Love this game so much, no other game or film makes me feel the way this game has.Just unique, beautiful and seriously unlike any other."
,Recommended,319630,34953438,Posted: 14 September,all,damoose1,"Remarkable. Great story. One of the greatest games of all ""time"".""Strange"" how I did not like most the characters (especially Max), but still ended up liking them in the end. They become quite endearing in their hipster teen cringe.Although I do not relate to this world and these characters, it still felt like I was living the ""life"" of these people. Not the typical characterisations you usually see in games.It is a must-play."
76561197996303408,Recommended,319630,34948501,Posted: 14 September,all,wokfox,"This game is more like an interactive movie with the main character beinga teenage girl with time altering powersthe feels.Also, choices don't matter, there are only two endings - both of which are accessible from the last decision in the game no matter how you have played up till that point."
,Recommended,319630,25375711,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Coplan,"Such a great story, such a great cinematic approach.  The style of the entire game was truly a work of art.  I am truly mesmerized and haunted by this game.  I only wish the character models were a little more realistic."
,Recommended,319630,25375842,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Eacpowr,Incredible. Worth every penny and every second.
76561198119785278,Recommended,319630,25374078,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheWhiteWolf,With an amazing story and amazing character development this game brings you right back to high school. The characters are incredibly relatable and you will easily fall in love with them. The soundtrack will turn you onto some great artists. The game play is not complicated and the world design makes exploration fun and satisfying. The choices are tough to make and there isn't a clear explanation of what the best choice is. Best advice I can give is play it blind. Don't look up anything and wait to see what your outcome is. You will enjoy it.
76561198218766720,Recommended,319630,25375166,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PointlessC,"The Best Game I Have Ever PLayed... Such a Great Enviroment, the music suits it all and in general, all feelinags put into 1"
76561198331386186,Recommended,319630,29592032,Posted: 30 January,all,Hawt Dog Man,"i just finished this game and its worth the 20 dollars. I wont spoil anything but i will say this one thing, Damn."
76561198053390271,Recommended,319630,29592792,Posted: 30 January,all,coyote,Speechless.
,Recommended,319630,29594331,Posted: 30 January,all,MJAT7,A really great game with a great story. Worth every last cent.
76561198039738544,Recommended,319630,16986335,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Goldfish,"First 2 hours of gameplay and I'm completely falling in love with this game.I was an exchange student in California back in 2008-2009 and to be honest, I didn't have really good time. But this game reminds me of many nice things and people back then, and even fulfills my dreams since then. The atmosphere really feel like going back to high school again, only wish it was real.Everyone in this game are so characteristic and story is really beautiful, so good that I wish I've never seen it, or afraid I'd never see anything like this again in the future.This game is one of very few best things I've ever encountered."
76561198117579652,Recommended,319630,32807255,Posted: 26 June,all,Yashgyy,I just dont have words to Describe how much i liked the game . For me its way beyond the Tradional game its like a culimination of fantastic novel and gameplay
,Recommended,319630,29548011,Posted: 28 January,all,Species1571,Play episode 1 for free and you will want to buy the rest.Recommended.
76561198204664081,Recommended,319630,16942522,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ChrisRock969,This is a great game with a beautiful and big world. Interesting characters. The mein character can manipulate time. Strong and sad stories of people. Student life. The game is very interesting. A bit disappointing that you need to wait a month before the release of new episode.
,Recommended,319630,34944324,Posted: 14 September,all,Nintendo64,:) ♥
,Recommended,319630,18927685,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nathan,"If you want a great way to spend a weekend on your computer, look no farther than Life is Strange. I'd say that this is the most well done story driven game not made by Tell Tale Games. Time travel, great story, good graphics, controller support, and all for 20 bucks. You could spent a week just playing it over and over, trying to get the optional pictures alone. It's got great characters, and an interesting setting. While it can be a little heavy at times, it's well worth the time to play at least once all the way through."
,Recommended,319630,17131131,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TripleExit,I recommend.Great story.8/10
76561198055180092,Recommended,319630,34841296,Posted: 9 September,all,IDK,"I am not good at writing long, detailed recommendations and stuff like that,but there is one thing that i can say about this game for sure.This is probably the best game i have ever played, the atmosphere and artstyle are on point, the characters are hella believable, the story is amazing and the choices do really matter, some in short-term some in long-term.It is the only game that has ever made me cry, manly tears."
,Recommended,319630,29170305,Posted: 10 January,all,Lunas90,I benge played this once I got into the thick of it. I couldn't put it down the thought of walking away gave me anxiety my choices gave me anxiety and I felt hollow when the game came to an end. I wasn't ready... no one was ready... I would play a thousand times to be sucked into this world again.
,Recommended,319630,32785669,Posted: 25 June,all,Talgaros,"Freaking emotional rollercoaster, one episode after the other.More than worth it at the actual price, really excellent game. I actually prefer this one to any of the TellTale's games so far..."
76561198336194285,Recommended,319630,28843324,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lazav,"This was so amazing! After about 5 minutes of this game I knew I wanted more. I like how it gets you attached to certain characters and actually makes you emotional at certain parts. I'll never be able to explain everything I love about the game but I REAAALLLLYYYY recommend playing this, it was the best!"
,Recommended,319630,18578141,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kahleroth,"Loved this game, great story, lots of hard choices to make. Will definitely play this game again with different choices :)"
76561198124014718,Recommended,319630,32506514,Posted: 17 June,all,Junebug22615,"I have never felt more emotionally attached to a story, let alone a video game. This was a gaming experiance unlike any other."
,Recommended,319630,32504786,Posted: 17 June,all,"Pablo ""La Llama"" Martinéz",You get so involved in this game. I recommend this game 10/10 to everyone.
76561198001973731,Recommended,319630,32508644,Posted: 17 June,all,Superslide100,"This is a game worth playing & then re-playing. A complete change of pace from my usual gameplay. Refreshing, Refined, Thrilling & Yes Ground Breaking.Two Words, Buy it!"
,Recommended,319630,32508828,Posted: 17 June,all,JULZ,you'll probably know the ending if you played steins;gatebut its fun
76561198233110152,Recommended,319630,32508636,Posted: 17 June,all,i play league of legends,<3
76561198140179336,Recommended,319630,32583404,Posted: 19 June,all,Phobos,"My god, I have never played a game that made me feel the way this game made me feel. I felt real attachment to these characters, real investment in them. I felt everything. It's one of my favorite games, and it's a heart wrencher. It'll make you feel to the core. 11/10, still gunna play it again"
,Recommended,319630,27869072,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ame-Hime,"I love this game, because is very simple and complex in the same time <3"
76561198168606895,Recommended,319630,34944536,Posted: 14 September,all,Nescloud,awesome game
,Recommended,319630,34861066,Posted: 10 September,all,็,aaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,319630,35083639,Posted: 20 September,all,die tilted,what.
,Recommended,319630,28306186,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Masterful Fox,"God, this game is just, wonderful. Its such a beautiful (both literally and emotionally) game the art style is wonderful, and it makes your choices really matter. This game is what I would call ""Emotionally Taxing"" but in the best way possible, and no matter which path you take during this game it will play with your heart strings one way or another. but as all forms of art, there is always something that can be improved on.For one the controls when you're using your rewind powers if you press the left bumper it sends you to rerwind time as far as you can in one go and shows a relativly quick animation of Max holding her head in pain and distorting the edges of the screen. It really is a minute problem, it was more of an annoyance as I'm trying to solve a puzzle I'd press the bumper and waste about 8 seconds witing for it to rewind all the way, it doesnt sound like much, but when you keep doing it it gets grating. The second (and last) problem I have with the game is the lack of interaction within action cutscenes, you don't get to say aim your gun at one of the charecters manually, it automatically does that for you. and again this problem is very small and is more of a personal opinion, then a game breaking problem.For whats good about the game, well I'd be listing things forever so I'll try my best to sum them up. Number one the story is such an inventive and fresh concept and it sucked me in almost immediately it uses science to back up some of the crazy things that happened instead of usuing the usual video game scapegoat of ""Magic"" and I have to give alot of credit to the developers for satisfying the science nerds out there. Number two the characters feel very real in every sense of the word real, if you've been playing the game for about 10 minutes you already feel as if you are Max and it makes you able to feel her emotions through her actions and he thoughts (which you can hear in an ""echoey"" voice when ever you investigate something). It helps stimulate a very real connection with the characters whether or not you like them. Number 3, it works; it functions wonderfully I have never had a problem with graphics or, technical errors at all, the developers did a good job making it seem like an actual finished project. and last but not least the damn style of this game is so wonderful, it sets the mood beautifully and makes you feel as if you're the hipster Freshman that Max Caufeild is.To summarize this whole review, I really enjoy this game, sadly like most games like this (where your decisions affect the outcomes) it lacks replayability, but that isnt as much a problem with the game developers/game studio as it is just with all story driven games like this. This game is best gone into blind, is a wonderful experience to be had, I would give this game a 9.5/10 because of how wonderful this entire game is. If you can wait until the next sale, and you can pick it up for real cheap (as I did for 5 dollars as a matter of fact) also thank you for reading this far into the rievew if you did rate my rievew if you want!"
,Recommended,319630,15340546,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Venne,"Touching story, likeable Characters and Timetravel. What's not to like?Strongly recommend this one.Better than it's Telltale Counterparts."
,Recommended,319630,14261023,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lyrian,"Every time I have a misgiving about this game, it finds some other way to make up for it. It doesn't necessarily right those wrongs, but god, does it ever make up for them. The third episode of life is strange is probably my favourite and has left me impatiently waiting for episode four. The story which meanders, begs for you to explore the world, and I can't think of any other game where I've felt quite this connected to the characters. Obvious awkward slang aside, the game shines when it stops trying to think of exactly how teenagers would talk, and instead lets the characters be themselves. The world is disheartening and quiet, too small and infinitely big, filled with this desire to do better and make things right. It is so firmly grounded in reality that I thought at times, that it could do just as well even without the time mechanic. I've changed my mind on that now, but wow. I love this game. The music is spot on and when they want to hit you hard, you'll be flat on your back.TLDR; Get this game. It's great."
,Recommended,319630,29875951,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr_3raqi,i wish i would lose my my memory and play this game again :(((
,Recommended,319630,15984438,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Xitreon,"*WRITTEN AFTER PART 1*Life is a strange game about 18 year old Max, who attends Blackwell academy, a fictional school in Oregon, who has the ability to rewind time and change decisions throughout the game and affect character relations by doing so. While the game does have some issues in regards to graphics, lip-syncing and some frame drops during cut scenes the game has some pretty good character development, and after watching a streamer play the third chapter on twitch last night I decided I had to try it out for myself and I must say I was pleasantly surprised with it. I would say this is a pretty good indie title and a pretty solid buy at a reasonable price. Furthermore, the game definitely have replay valueWhile some reviewers factors in the fact that the main character was female I personally feel gender male or female is irrelevant to the score. Thus, I  will not let that influence my scoring of the game, I do however want to add as a comment I think it was interesting playing as Max.Overall, I think it's a good game and for me it rates at an 7/10 what cuts it down is the aforementioned issues at the first paragraphKudos to dontnod entertainment for this title, I look forwards to playing the next chaptersUpdate:After completing this game I can only say WOW! What a game. It had a magnificent story, branching choises, plot twists that would make M Night Shaymalan feel ashamed and a terrific endingThis game is a must own, forget what i said about 7/10 this game easily earns a 9/10.I really hope dontnod makes another game that explains where the rewinf powers came from, why it wad given to Max etcIt's a purchase you will not regret any time soon"
,Recommended,319630,28211973,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,A.C.E./Green,"It has been said million times by other players but lemme say it one more time. And as for me, this game is unique. I'm still amazed how this beautiful game was made. The storyline, the characters. As an author, i analyzed everything. They're all perfect with no big hole plot which happens often. And to be honest, i hate the way how this game ends, maybe that's because i was pretty confused. But hey, i think it's just me. Sorry folks, no spoiler. And also, this game could get something big and bigger and 'wow' with it's storyline but overall it's 8 out of 10.Can't wait to play your new game. I'm expecting something new and fresh from the team. Cheers!"
76561198084497121,Recommended,319630,30050245,Posted: 19 February,all,Polański,"My review is actually a story, so...IN SHORT: Was bored, found this game on sale, bought it, enjoyed 100%, and I recommend it to those who like story rich games.LONG, DETAILED STORY:I was bored, feeling like not doing anything. Was aimlessly surfing the internet, looking for something to do. Then, I had an idea: ""Know what, I'll take a look at today's Steam sales"".That was a bit stupid of me, as I shouldn't be purchasing games due to my current financial situation... nevertheless, looked a bit and found this game.I had actually heard of this game, but didn't have much interest on it. ""A story with a high school girl as a protagonist? Meh, must be kinda boring.""But then I thought: ""Well, as I am actually not doing anything, the game's on a good sale (-75%) and the first episode is for free, then why not give it a try? Maybe I like it and have a good time, right?"", and so I did.While playing the first chapter, my opinion about the game went from ""Doubting the game's potential"" to ""Please, chapter one, DO NOT END"". Yes, that fast.So, as you can see by the amount of time I spent playing the game, I did indeed purchase it, and, honestly, had I let this opportunity pass... I'd be making a grave mistake. No doubt, this is one of the best game I've played IN MY WHOLE LIFE, and I play games since I was 5 (I'm 20 by the way).The veredict? If you like story rich games, I definitely recommend it. It was a great purchase, worth every cent."
76561198075365953,Recommended,319630,18666249,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Januson,Are you cereal...10/10 would cry themselves to sleep again.
76561198097824548,Recommended,319630,19529191,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,saftypingirl,"Worth every single penny. Choices actually matter, the story is fantastic. I recommend this game to anybody, even if you're not a big fan of playable story type games. I've only played through it once but I'm definitly going to play it again (and possibly more than that) because there were a couple choices that I'd like to switch to see how they play out.Pros:Choices actually matter and can unlock or take away future choices.Character development is one of the best that I've seen in ANY game.Characters are relatable (Although sometimes their personalities can be a little over the top)Rewind macanic is done very well.Art style is unique and done well.Talks about very seriuous topics that I find most games shy away from.The game overall feels very heavy and emotional, something that most games have a hard time with,Cons:A couple of times I had to stop playing and when I came back to it I felt annoyed to have to sit through a bunch of dialog again.The animation of the characters mouths while they speak isn't very good, but most of the time you're too involved with the situation to care very much. But it can be annoying.Some things I found to be very unrealistic, but they were usually things that didn't matter to the story line.Say ""selfie"" one more time, I dare you, I double dare you! I wish I had a dollar for every time that word was said.The biggest con...Mile spoilerNo matter what choices you make during the game you will only have two choices at the very end. Kind of upsetting, I wish that there would have been multiple endings that were based on the choices made during the game.TL;DRIt's a great game with very minor flaws that usually didn't even have to do with the store line. Definitly buy this game, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,319630,18654183,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,wind,"""Does the flap of a butterfly’s wings in Brazil set off a tornado in Texas?""10/10"
76561198065433237,Recommended,319630,19529265,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gnomsayin,"After beating the game, there are 3 steps you can't avoid.1. Lay down2. Try not to cry3. Cry"
76561198058327442,Recommended,319630,18638627,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,♕ [187] BeReal ♡,.───────▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄────▄▀▀─────────────▀▄──▄▀──────────────────▀▄──█─────────────────────▀▄─▐▌────────▄▄▄▄▄▄▄───────▐▌─█───────────▄▄▄▄──▀▀▀▀▀──█▐▌───────▀▀▀▀─────▀▀▀▀▀───▐▌█─────────▄▄▀▀▀▀▀────▀▀▀▀▄─██────────────────▀───▐─────▐▌▐▌─────────▐▀▀██▄──────▄▄▄─▐▌─█───────────▀▀▀──────▀▀██──█─▐▌────▄─────────────▌──────█──▐▌──▐──────────────▀▄─────█───█───▌────────▐▀────▄▀───▐▌───▐▌──▀▄────────▀─▀─▀▀───▄▀───▐▌──▐▀▄────────────────█───▐▌───▌─▀▄────▀▀▀▀▀▀───█───█───▀────▀▄──────────▄▀──▐▌──────────▀▄──────▄▀─▄▀───▄▀────────▀▀▀▀█▀▀───▄▀──────────▀───▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄
76561198183143218,Recommended,319630,18979432,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,shanesmith2005,I think that Life Is Srange is a cool game and sends a great messege. My favorete Episode is 4 The Dark Room because you get to see a lot like finding Rachel and finding out she is dead. And finding out that Mr.Jefferson is a phycopath. What Episode is your favorete? Sorry if i miss spelled anything im a bad speller.
76561198024401056,Recommended,319630,19120460,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Lady B,I really enjoyed this game. The story and the graphics are awesome and it always felt as though the choices you made really mattered.
,Recommended,319630,19274365,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Walduchi,best game na
,Recommended,319630,19326657,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pizzaglitches,This Game is Strange™
76561198019091925,Recommended,319630,19595912,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,rogue shadow,"Life is Strange (Episodes 1-5)Thought of this game going in as Scholarship Simulator 2013.  Was not disappointed as the story showed me how wrong I was.On a serious note, this game does a very impressive job on portraying life issues through the eyes of an 18 year old such asbullying, suicide, change (Episode 3/4 specifically), mental illness, and death.  If you enjoy of a good realistic story with a little bit of social reengineering, then pick up the complete package!The catch, however, is due to the way that this game is designed, you probably won't go back to repeat the full game.  If you are wondering about the controls and camera, there only a couple times when I gave them a thought, but neither of them are consistently annoying.Overall Rating: 9/10Ending Rating based on my choice:1/2 ;)Spoiler P.S.I cried the entire time when I was in Episode 3's alternate reality. The attempt to make another person's life better was incredibly heartbreaking, and the final choice of that reality really hit home.Edit: Nominate this game for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award for The Steam Awards!"
,Recommended,319630,18759891,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,zurfeeee,10/10 feeling of the year !
,Recommended,319630,34663418,Posted: 1 September,all,Benchik,Loved it. Beautifully drawn characters in a intriguing and moving story.
,Recommended,319630,30199116,Posted: 26 February,all,Lechuguita,"The well-known butterfly effect strikes beautifully in this amazing title. You experience a great, catching story while getting to think about your own life and choices."
,Recommended,319630,33086275,Posted: 1 July,all,NotKnowForU,One of the best story games i played
,Recommended,319630,30636847,Posted: 20 March,all,Grejuva,"Okay, I'm at a loss for words.For the first time I've shed tears playing a game."
,Recommended,319630,15929145,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Tommy123456987,"8.5/10 *NO SPOILERS BUT FEELS*(graphics could have been done a little bit better or maybe match up the voice but that doesn't take away from the effect much)So I just finished episode 3... HOLY GUAC THIS IS BANANA CRAZY FEEL MOMENT.  I almost had a heart attack at then end The middle is freaking me out and the beginning is so flipping fun. I'm not sure I can put myself through this again but IT.IS.WORTH.IT. trust me, get the game. Really similar to the play style of the walking dead games but adds a little bit more of a connections to the characters, which might just be me. Now if you're weary about the first two episodes, no they're not filler. HOLY MOLLY They also get intense... like really intense*hint if you can't do it you can always go back to last checkpoint by pressing esc* USE THIS WISELY, you'll know when^^^REMEMBER THIS^^^I've put around 22-23~~ maybe hours so far into this. Doing a play through of an♥♥♥♥♥ shy/nice and just checking it out on the third and the replay value... THROUGH THE ROOF."
76561198196172082,Recommended,319630,34718272,Posted: 3 September,all,✪Barbulinho,A very good game .The story will make you cry.
76561198296648524,Recommended,319630,30050395,Posted: 19 February,all,Never mind,"Life is strange , isn't it ? This game totally attracts me , I really like this game :)"
,Recommended,319630,34777646,Posted: 6 September,all,BlackHawkExE,This Game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece.
76561198120982613,Recommended,319630,34801067,Posted: 7 September,all,peter.bce,"This game is very intense! Do not let the teenager setup fool you, this is heavy stuff that will hold you thinking for a long time. Although the game time is a single week, there's so much emotion and action packed into it, it seems a lot more. Absolutely recommended, one of the best storytelling game I have played so far!!!"
,Recommended,319630,34800436,Posted: 7 September,all,Shepard,"Thought college girls only existed in porno, I was wrong."
76561198176921043,Recommended,319630,34804230,Posted: 7 September,all,xam323,BEST GAME THAT I JUST WANTED TO SIT DOWN FOR HOURS PLAYING I ALMOST CRIED AT THE END!!!
76561198048887843,Recommended,319630,30577416,Posted: 17 March,all,BlackBuddhaSensei,"Damn game made me cry. (Beginning of Ep. 4 and end of 5) I might get a drunk pass for 4, but 5 was just pure man tears. Good game.Just buy it man.C'monTrust Me dawg"
76561198065184811,Recommended,319630,31976633,Posted: 26 May,all,KINGINDANORF,"if i had time powers i'd use them to go back and replay this game but i'd still remember it so i need someone to hit me on my head really hard..also, this game makes me realize im really good at being a cute 18 year old  girl..its a must buy must play!buy buy buy!"
76561198131879152,Recommended,319630,32445944,Posted: 15 June,all,SnowGamerSwe,"I can honestly say that this game is the best game I have ever played. Not played it all through yet but I really can recommend this game.Start as Maxine, an eighteen year old girl from Oregon. Whatever you do changes the game. The disicions dicides how the game continues. And there are many options to choose.It's like movie or a book where you are the main character. Of course you walk around yourself.+StoryMovieclipsManny charcatersManny optionsDiffrent from many other gamesSoundtracks-Minor bugsKinda short"
,Recommended,319630,32447741,Posted: 15 June,all,shashwatupadhyay,"No long review, I just wanna say that this has been one the finest gaming experiences in my life. It'll leave you emotionally drained.Don't think twice,JUST BUY IT."
,Recommended,319630,33066115,Posted: 30 June,all,v.,"There are games that you love, and then there are games that leave you so emotionally invested in the characters and the storyline that it hurts when it ends. Life is Strange is the latter. I'd reccommend it to anyone. A++"
,Recommended,319630,29594963,Posted: 30 January,all,Duck Season,"Yes, just yes."
,Recommended,319630,34979461,Posted: 15 September,all,GySgt. Brody,"One of the best games i`ve ever played...   So much feeling and emotions...  many times i had to cry... really, wonderfull game for all, they like emotional games"
76561198158046446,Recommended,319630,30090033,Posted: 21 February,all,Bubbles,"I wish there was a star system in steam. I also with I could write a review for all the episodes combined.  If there was a star rating, this would most definitly earn 5/5 stars! It has the deepest and most personalized story ever. It actually makes me cry. This game trully enjoys to play with your emotions. It sure did play with mine. Highly Highly reconmended if you havent got a chance to play it yet! Thank you so much Dontnod Entertainment! Your the best. I really REALLY hope there will be a second game (Life Is Strange 2?). The gaming community lacks these amazing games! I cant ever get enough!"
,Recommended,319630,35003467,Posted: 16 September,all,PROTOTYPE-461Y-5K,One of the best games i have ever played. The story is very well established and made me cry at the end notthat im a bit sensitive person but the ending was soo good that i pre ordered the 2nd game and it was my 1st pre order game.
,Recommended,319630,30186411,Posted: 25 February,all,ZippY csgolive.com WILDCASE.COM,Best story ever every 1 should try this
,Recommended,319630,35034878,Posted: 17 September,all,Raziel,"História muito boa, como é de se esperar de um jogo desse tipo, o gameplay é simples, mas também é de se se esperar desse estilo de jogo, recomendo."
,Recommended,319630,35031578,Posted: 17 September,all,tareoflight,"A+, tho if you dont get attached in eps1 then dont get the rest"
76561198220049107,Recommended,319630,35019185,Posted: 17 September,all,StickyLion,Videogame is the future of naratives! 10/10
76561198128779130,Recommended,319630,32785421,Posted: 25 June,all,bbrdivre3,"This is the great ever story line. Although everything passed feels useless in the end. In this story, I concluded according to our best but not necessarily the best for that person. Sorry my english is badoh damn.. I need more game like this"
,Recommended,319630,20276107,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,joexpanda,"I definitely found this game to be intriguing when I stumbled upon it during the steam sale. I've heard of it before, but didn't exactly know what to expect. I knew that I was in trouble when I realized the game was heavily dependant on the concept of ""the butterfly effect"". I absolutely LOVE games that require the player to make critical choices that will impact how the game turns out. Along with this, I found the music to be beautiful and endearing and the graphics to match this tone as well (or a creepy one, depending on the situation.)I also found the characters to be extremely believable and face real-life situations that affect a lot of individuals through various points in their lives, particularly the younger generation that has begins to question their identities and what their purpose is in the world.The only complaints I had were whether my choices honestly had much of an impact as the game came to a close (I won't say much more than this to avoid spoilers). The biggest complaint I ended up having was the end of the game as I waited for my choices to make some sort of impact.Although the game allowed for exploration and different optional quests, I did find the story to be rather linear. However, this didn't particularly bother me. The format that Life is Strange follows is a story...taking on an episodic format that makes you believe that you're almost writing a television series. Overall, I found the elements of the game to be extremely effective! Would recommend!"
,Recommended,319630,20276575,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nigel,"This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen, and in my opinion rivaling that of the last of us. I reccomend you play this game stat! Playing this game I got so carried away I genuinely felt emotions I would normally only feel in the real world, it just takes you away. I also love the way this game just throws you in to the middle of everything right from the start and you are immediately compelled to play. If you do have intrest in the game but arent convinced by my arguments, try the first episode and if you like what you see buy the season pass ( trust me the first episode is enough to know if you want to see more ). I would rate this 9.8/10 it has everything I would want in a game, it might not have the prettiest graphics but that just proves the fact that graphics dont matter if you have a story thats worth it, just like with this game. the only downside I have found with this game is that camera control isnt always as reactive as you want it to be. What I mean by this is sometimes you have to look around and the movement of the camera gives it a sort of non responsive feel but then again this does fit the not very fast pase of the game so make of it what you will. Anyway like I said, the only reason this didnt give a 10/10 though in every aspect of it, it deserves it. P.S. English isnt my mother tounge and besides that I am writing this at 2 A.M. so please excuse my spelling, I hope its not THAT horrible."
76561198121359321,Recommended,319630,20276083,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Juggernaut,"Life is Strange. The short but sweet sentence is both a true and philosophical phrase as well as the title for a genius game. It’s difficult to put the game into words. Life is Strange is a five part episodic game with a format that was clearly inspired by Tell Tale Games Studios. The game is set in Arcadia bay, Oregon. You play an aspiring photographer named Maxine Caulfield. She is quiet, shy, a bit nosey, and indomitably retro - as seen by her determination to use an old school instant camera when a digital would give far better results- She is barely 18 and moved away from Arcadia Bay at 13, only to return 5 years later to attend the prestigious Blackwell Academy. A college for the rich and successful, the only reason Max can attend this photographers dream school is through a well-earned scholarship. So now the dye is cast, and you know the field; this is where things get interesting. A month after she begins her attendance, a trip to the rest room after her photography class left her in a terrifying situation. A male student pulls a gun on a girl after a heated conversation about drugs and money owed. Max hides behind one of the stalls, not knowing what to do. The girl and boy argue, eventual the boy pushes the girl against the wall and shoots her in the stomach. Max whips around the corner with a dramatic No! Time stops, literally. Better yet it rewinds. Max is back in her photography class. This is where she learned how to rewind time. You go through the game making heart wrenching decisions, solving beautifully crafted puzzles and rewinding again and again and again.Isaac Newton’s third law of physics “For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction”. We see this every day being applied to more than just physics and science; everything from throwing a ball, to giving a compliment, to blinking –and yes-, time travel. More specifically our dear Max’s rewind. The butterfly effect states that even the smallest change in the course of time can drastically alter the future, in Life is Strange you save multiple lives, change outcomes of great proportions and so, so much more. How much of a change could that have? This game is filled with choice, it’s the entire premise, without choice you get a movie. For example the first big choice is whether or not to tell the principal about the boy with his gun. He might not believe you; he could think your lying. One the other hand he is starring down at you, knowing your hiding something. Max can only rewind back a few minutes so it’s not like she can change her mind a week later. Compared to what you find later, this is the equivalent of choosing left or right. Insignificant. This game teaches you that all decisions matter; that you can lose the people close to you, that life is far too short for petty grudges and that people die. Even with the ability to control time sometimes people die and there is nothing you can do. Life is Strange, a sentence of truth and unparalleled philosophical value. Life is Strange, the title of the most genius game I have ever seen."
,Recommended,319630,35056553,Posted: 18 September,all,harmónica,"Life is Strange aka Emotional roller coaster simulator, Great job DONTNOD Entertainment."
76561198045830730,Recommended,319630,18594208,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Minuit,gr8 game m8 i r8 it 8/8 u should buy its gr8
76561197990434846,Recommended,319630,18577346,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NM-crazy,"♥♥♥♥ YOU SQUARE ENIX!Literally never had a game tear me apart by a choice before. And there's no wishy-washy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t here, no happy choice, no ""true"" ending (at least not from personal experience)10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10"
76561198131759717,Recommended,319630,18620239,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Nalax,*lays down**tries not to cry**CRIES A HELLA LOT*
,Recommended,319630,15150294,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ivisi,"I'm not usually one to write a review, however, this game seems to warrant it.I've been gaming since I was an 8 year old kid, almost 35 years worth of games under my belt at this point.  In every gamer's timeline, there are moments in games that stick with them forever.  The first time you chased down and ate a ghost in Pac-Man.  Hitting a trigger on a floor in Quake and watching as two blocks float up, slowly make their way through the air and into two square holes in the wall, and a door suddenly opening and a creature jumping out at you faster than you can blink (many pants were changed that night, my friends).  Heading to the edge of a platform and turning to head down the ladder when you spot Alma standing there (at this point in my gaming career, I learned wearing pants was really a waste of resources and time).And then there are games that move you.  Entire games, not just moments.  Games that really suck you in and make you feel for the characters within them, make you actually care about them.  For me, there have been only a few games to reach that status.  Both ""The Longest Journey"" and ""Dreamfall"" stand out as storylines and characters that had me hooked and on the edge of my seat throughout the entire game.  After finishing ""Dreamfall"", I actually had to sit in the dark and contemplate and reflect on what I had experienced.  Other recent ones included ""Bioshock"", ""The Walking Dead"", ""The Last of Us"", and ""Skyrim"".  These were games that really made me feel real emotions on what was happening all throughout the gameplay.  And I've never replayed any of these games (except Skyrim, lots of alternate options to explore without having to experience the same thing over again), because I didn't feel a need.  Finishing them felt complete.And then there is ""Life Is Strange"".  In some games (KOTOR comes to mind immediately), decisions reap consequences.  But many times, those consequences don't really drive your gameplay as much as they should.  Those decisions are a means to an end: getting past a boss in an easier way, getting a much needed item easier by choosing a darker decision over a more ""righteous"" one, etc.  In the moment, the decision isn't really that hard, because the consequence isn't fully realized until much later in the game and the emotion of that decision isn't immediate.  I've played plenty of games where I wondered briefly what would have happened had a chosen option B rather than option A.  But not in ""Life Is Strange"".  Soon after the intro of Episode 1, I found myself not only deeply immersed in the storyline and anticipating the next moments, but I found myself fully exploring each decision I had to make and making sure I was OK with the choice I made before proceeding.  The game mechanics are novel and seem fresh, the art direction, music, and voice acting are superb, and the concept is intriguing and compelling.  But the choices you have to make in this game can be gut-wrenching at times.  Some are easy.  Many, though, will have real consequences both immediately after and much later in the game, consequences that may not be fully realized what they are but will definitely be palpable once the choice is made.  The game is still linear and you will still start at Point A at the beginning and arrive at Point B at the end.  But the experience making the journey between those points will vary greatly depending on the choices you make and will affect your journey beyond Point B in ways you can't imagine.  That alone brings me closer to the protagonist and the other characters in ways many games lack.  I not only care about the story and the characters, but I care about the person Max will become based on my choices.So, I've played a lot of games.  Many were terrible.  Many were good.  Quite a few were great.  A handful were memorable and moving on a personal level.  And then there is ""Life Is Strange"", which could rank as the best virtual experience I've had in 35 years of gaming.  I hope Episode 2 carries this momentum forward and it continues through to the end of the series.  If so, it will definitely be placed at the top of my list of all-time favorites."
,Recommended,319630,17993164,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,CGN Robby,best game ever too bad it's over soon one more episode.
,Recommended,319630,28996541,Posted: 3 January,all,Switch,"A fantastic game from Squire Enix1. Graphics is just awesome.Color combination used here is just perfect and capture the true American theme...what is more, the attention given to graphics is insane ..even the little things are done with care....(10/10)2. Main character Max is likable person...they should give little more attention to side characters and story (7/10)3. Interesting game mechanic...4. Screw you IGN for misguiding people with this game...this a fantastic effort"
,Recommended,319630,29027433,Posted: 4 January,all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,Buy this Y/N?*little butterfly flutters to notify you that this action will have consequencesamazing story
76561198131580324,Recommended,319630,29027568,Posted: 4 January,all,Lakero45,"Should I water the plant, or should I not? The consequences migth lead to WW3."
76561198026509471,Recommended,319630,28997062,Posted: 3 January,all,TheSoupCook,"Its a truly amazing game, tho it will remind you a lil bit of the movie butterfly effect. All in all worth a buy and if your completly immersed into it, your gonna be left in a few tears."
76561198125758235,Recommended,319630,28995921,Posted: 3 January,all,IEatPokemon,10/10. Would cry agian.
,Recommended,319630,30283849,Posted: 2 March,all,SirDestroyar™,"Life is Strange really cannot be described. It is a totally unique experience, that in unbelievable way deceives and its magic can only be experienced firsthand."
,Recommended,319630,29351896,Posted: 19 January,all,Amineyv,"Just an idiot wouldn't play this magnificent game.No, srsly it's awesome"
,Recommended,319630,31450851,Posted: 29 April,all,MrSordi,"Life is Strange is one game. to ♥♥♥♥ your mind up. Mix of butterfly effect, Bioshock Infinite and 80's trash highschool stories."
,Recommended,319630,35226455,Posted: 26 September,all,otter,"Arcadia Bay or Arcadia's Bae, the choice is in your hands :'("
76561198043819047,Recommended,319630,26186787,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,James*Blood,"Okay,it is surprisingly good. As Silly as the concept sounds the story is well made and the first epissode dose have pretty well motivated charakters.Usually with games that limit my choicess or force me certain way (severall times i felt like i would've done somehing not offered and going back with new info, did not help anny) i just get mad at game, But here it is at least well explained by needs of story narrative.So storry - Excellent,Graphics - i really havent played manny recent games but these looks pretty high up there so good,Ambient sound - Immersive and awsome,mussic - sadly not my genres, i guess they kinda fit the mood of the game well but i'd prefer something more 80s, 90s i am guessing there were budgetary concerns here so ill give it a pass.Go play it first epissode of first season is free and completly worth the download. Who knows maybe youll like it enough to buy furst season.(Edit)Having now finished the story i think that odd numbers (1, 3, 5) are the best epissodes, altho the other two are allso in top 5 .)By far weakest is ep 2 but i think that is because it hammers too heavily on setting picess and explaning things to players, while forgetting to have fun along the way. It took me ungodly ammount of time to get throu the epissode because it felt so utaliterian.Ep3 is probably where i've had mose fun, because interactions with Cloe were fine and i did get to feel like hero at that one point.4th is pretty brutall emotionally but i do appritiate it, i think its probably second strongest of all epissodes released so far, but it is but tough to play/sit throu.5th is servicable finale, yet did not do much in terms of story. Ite emotionall impact is fantastic tho so i do think it is good way to close sesaon 1.I nod to dontNod for game well made and looking forth to before the storm."
,Recommended,319630,26215934,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Codex,"This game is great.I mean really really great.We all would like to rewind time to correct our mistakes...But if we did, there would be consequences.We can't rewind our mistakes, we can just accept them and accept the person who did them, us.This game shows exacly this.Look at the consequences of Max's actions... from Episode 1 through 5, it was all about her, the game makes us think that she only wanted the best for others, but really, the center of it all was Max, herself. This story speaks about Ego and all the things we'd like to change because we judge it to be the right thing, but that is not reality, in the endSPOILERS:In the end we get a broken Max destined to live without her best friend or a doomed town destroyed by egoism.If we choose to live by our Ego, we end up suffering. But, if we accept who we are and not only the reality that we live but the many possible realities of the world, we CAN suffer, but you'll be one step closer to our ideal selves.From the many possible interpretations, that is what I interpreted when I played this game, this allegory masked as this hopeful/sad/lovely tale."
76561198321515544,Recommended,319630,26409525,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Justoni321,"A very emotional and powerful game that's worth experiencing! Great music by artists such as The Foals and Alt J! Really shows that video games are making progress towards being considered more of a serious art form. The choices you make have a definitive impact on how the story plays out. WIth the first episode being free, you can't go wrong!"
76561198077972210,Recommended,319630,26411757,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheWaywardTit,"Jesus.This game really floored me.  I guess I have to buy the other four episodes!  The atmosphere, voice acting, storyline and character depth are top notch, so far, and I don't see them... losing notches?  I can't see the quality waining.I love chapter games, setting you up part by part, even allowing you to see each part seperately, but I was very worried about this game; considering it was not made by TellTale.  You see, the only chapter games I have ever played have been Telltale games.  Not to mention the fact that I haven't played a great Square/Enix game since Final Fantasy Nine.This game, however, blew me the hell out of the water.  I can't wait to play the rest of the game and to see where this excellent storytelling takes me."
,Recommended,319630,27338197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bjorn,"This game shows conclusively that this medium can explore and say meaningful things about topics like bullying, date♥♥♥♥♥♥ suicide, and complex relationships. It takes on these diffcult topics that other games avoid or treat superficially and gets the player to engage with them in a way that only interactive media can. All while still being great fun. What a game."
76561198344472967,Recommended,319630,27904814,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,STryKeR 805th,"what to say? where to start? what an amazing story, this game is an emotional roller coaster. I highly recommend this game if you like story based decision games like heavy rain. episode 1 was touching, brought a slight tear to my eye, then things started getting dark in episodes 4&5 then they broght things to a close, good ending. all and all good game, i highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,319630,28082113,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shadow,"I couldn't stop playing this game until I had finished every episode. Emotionally gripping and intellectually intriguing, Life is strange offers a unique game experience. While some of the choices were trivial and had little bearing on the story, others had proufound impact that doesn't become revealed until later. While I missed many of the side quests, I found enough to feel immersed in the game and didn't feel a completionist compulsion."
,Recommended,319630,28087652,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Paysley9879,"Honestly one of the best games i've ever played, the ending made me feel empty inside, but it gave me a good message. It also made me think about what if these events had happened to me once? or most. It would be pretty cool to have the power to rewind time, doing something bad and getting away with it by rewinding time. Loved this game though, really hoping for a season 2 (or Life Is Strange 2). :)"
,Recommended,319630,28106609,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DubbyStep,"I have to say that this is a good example of ""don't judge a book by it's cover"" Learned it myself one week ago when I got this game on sale. At first I was a bit skeptical. I thought that it's only gonna be some boring high school drama, but oh boy was I wrong. It is more than that. It's an emotional trip that will drive you through life lessons, very hard choices and characters that you'll get attached to. I almost cried after finishing it and that says a lot, since that's pretty rare for me. Life is Strange's a must have, definitely worth giving it a try. I'll give it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,319630,28108580,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Phone Bone,Don't play this unless you want to experience a crushing sense of emptiness after finishing it.
76561198007866717,Recommended,319630,28109217,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Speedyturtle4,I very much recommend this game.  I'd like to explain why but I just finished the whole thing today and as a result I'm a mess of feelings.  I don't feel that I can adequately express my thoughts on the game at the moment.  So let the games ability elicit such strong emotion be my endorsement.
,Recommended,319630,28116493,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Filthy Casual,"Literally the first ever video game to legit make me cry,Fantastic story, well written characters, interesting environment and absolutely stunning atmosphere.Indeed, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,319630,28125917,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Wubbzyx,"this game is like a real life... you are making your own choice and you are not sure its true ol false? you cant even know anything... GAME İS JUST AWESOME WİTH A BEAUTİFUL LONG HİSTORY... SORRY ARCADE , İ CHOOSE YOU CHLOE <3"
76561198023695382,Recommended,319630,28130212,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,nullnullnull,"I don't typically write reviews, but Life is Strange deserves better than that. This game made me cry, a lot. By the second episode, I already cared deeply about its characters. By the last episode, my heart had been broken and healed several times over. It's too soon to say that this game has changed my life, but I hope that it has--if I can only hold on to a little bit of the feeling that it's given me."
,Recommended,319630,28138455,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CrYeZ,"First of all I was very sceptical about this game. Thought it was overrated and I didn't even want to try it. But it was on sale this summer so I thought why not give it a try. Oh boy I was so wrong...This game is the best thing that ever happened to me in my gaming years.Long story short: A really good story, amazing characters, the bond between Chloe and Max is astonishing, and of course.. emotional.There haven't been any game that could make me drop a tear, or cry. But this time it was different, oh my god. Thanks for the experience, definitely one of the best games I have ever played.10/10 would cry again!"
,Recommended,319630,28184029,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ascendance,"This isn't a game, its an experience. One of the best i've ever had."
,Recommended,319630,28443455,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Waffles #Pancakes With abs.,How do you spell : A god made this game?
76561198323880658,Recommended,319630,28445262,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MissSarahQuinn,"Incredible game, felt like I was a part of the story"
76561198066037106,Recommended,319630,28469542,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rignite,One of the best story games I've ever played! The story is amazing and really heartbreaking.
76561198311095105,Recommended,319630,29430602,Posted: 22 January,all,Santa Claus,"I LOVE LIFE IS STRANGE. Its like a very good Telltale game only even better. I always thought that no choose based story game would ever be better than The walking dead season 1 but boy was i wrong it got blown out of the water. I have been playing games for over 14 years now on ps1,ps2,ps3,ps4 and pc and i have played everything from racing to rpg to shooter and puzzle games but this game is my number 2 best game i have ever played in my 14 years of gaming even if it was 60$ i would still want to buy it but for only 20$ you can not find anything better i will not spoil the story but its amazing dont let it be spoiled for you just buy the game it is worth i dont really say its perfect but its as close as you can get. I do think gods made this game. next christmas i will only give the kids this game even do they may want a pony but ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Recommended,319630,19896350,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,satanbread666,10/10 would recommend even if I did cry a little
76561198094296438,Recommended,319630,19899126,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dragoneye3,"I have, to the most and utter astonishment played, and completed, all 5 parts to this overwelming game.and if it takes you more than 10 seconds to read that line, You read it at the proper speed.To the makers of this work of gamer art, you are soulless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sTo the gamers who like i bought this and played it threw and threw, I commend thee.And lastly, for the critic, whome slams this game, know the words of wisdom ""Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥And Die""overwelmingly positive, is my vote.and from here there will be spoilers:the actual game puzzles are amasing having to use your brains in a non liner way. but i did get stuck on a few spots (junkyard bottles, and dark room padlock). it is not so much a game but an interactive movie, that truly has a final decision, and as such all butterfly wings have a point. again i say, amasing game."
76561198134504906,Recommended,319630,19913368,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,-Viscara-,"Pls Don't play episode 3-5 if you dont wanna stuck in the same mood like me everytime i remember Maxine Caufield and Chloe Price in this gameEP 1: Who's Rachel Amber?Umm Okay, Weird life with a teen drama.Met your BFF after 5 years and done.EP 2: Yeah, you still can save Kate Marsh's Life, The Amazing Spider-Max!depends on your choiceEP 3: WTF!!! What kindof  **** is this?EP 4: DUDEEEE ARE YOU SERIOUSSSSS WITH THIS?? HELLO DONTNOD?!!!!!EP 5: WHAT THE HELLLL MAX!!!!!?????*try not to cry, this brokes my heart so bad*I STILL CANT MOVE ON FROM THIS GAME AFTER ALL EPISODES :(Probably, this is the best game i've ever played after this 21 years.1 more thing, i hope MAXINE's real~if Max exist in this world, i would totally had crush on her XD10/10 NO DOUBT!!"
,Recommended,319630,19916074,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RattyRyan,"***Spoiler free***This game actually made me cry... and I highly recomend it.While I wouldn't consider it has great replayability I think the experience is well worth the price. I don't think any other game has managed to bring up so many emotions and in such a short time. There's really not that much to say, I just can't believe I didn't try it out sooner.A little about gameplay:- You have the power to ""rewind"" time, that's it. That and looking and interacting with certain objects as well as taking their photographe.- You will be given quite a few options in dialogue depending on previous dialogue and exploration you have taken part in. This is where the rewind comes in as you can talk to people ""for the first time"" while knowing a lot about them and ""groundhogday"" the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them.- The other major options will be choice options, generally 2 way, which will advance the plot and often have a drastic outcome for the characters.It's a simple system that takes full advantage of your ability to completely change your choices after the fact, however this also makes later playthroughs a little redundant since you have probably explored most posibilities anyway during your first run, there are still things you can change to see different reactions and have slightly different outcomes.One of the best parts in the game is the after-chapter recount of your major and lesser choices with a score of the percentage of players in the world that have made the same decisions, it is quite enlightening to see where you stand in this way. #################mini spoiler######: I did notice that during a chapter when you were given the option to hurt a man and in another case an animal almost everybody chose to save the animal but for the man it was more of a 50/50 split, I think that says a lot about how we value percieved inocence##################Now for the meat of the game, it's story:It is quite simply fantastic. All of the characters have deapth and none of them feel shoehorned in, same with the social issues that are brought up, nothing is thrust down your throat, you just experience it and make your own conclusions. The main character Max is possibly the sweetest Character I've ever had the pleasure to roleplay as, she is the perfect hero in this case and manages to take you fully into her world and experiences. This is not just a tale of time travel and supernatural powers, it's a story about hardship and growing up, about a young girl who enters adulthood with all the inocence of her youth and ends up having to make some of the hardest decisions anyone ever should.I would rewind time in a heartbeat in order to play this game again for the first time.WARNING: This game will bring out the feels... even after you have played it... it will haunt you... until you can forget. I wouldn't say this game can send you into depression, quite the opposite really, it reminds you that you can still feel strong emotions, it reminds you how much you love life and how much you love Love itself. I won't guarantee it but it should also make you cry, and it is good to cry sometimes, maybe we tend to repress such emotions a little too much and it feels good to just let go. This is more than a game it is an experience,  both a heartwarming and truly heartbreaking experience. So go forwad at your own risk, there be emotions in them waters."
,Recommended,319630,19944111,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,LonghairOperator,"So, I just finished Life is Strange for the first time, and it's touched me enough for me to be posting about it on Reddit at 2:00am Christmas Morning.I'm shaking here. I'm not sure if I can fall asleep right now, after the ending (which I wouldn't dare spoil). I haven't been hit this hard by a game, ever. Maybe KOTOR II, but I don't really think it holds a candle. By no means do I think LiS is the best game ever, but I'm not used to becoming this emotionally invested in a game.I know people who feel the same way as I do about the game look for something to fill the spaces in our chests we didn't know were empty, but the only thing that compares is how I experienced the Hungry City Chronicles, by Phillip Reeve. The series conclusion had me in tears, as this game probably would have if I was a bit more relaxed with self-expression.Everyone should at least try this game.This is kind of a rambling post but I guess I kind of needed to get stuff off my chest. Merry christmas, everyone."
,Recommended,319630,19964097,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,.kzR-,"In this game, ""YOU"" and only ""YOU"" Are the Protagonist.This game, rather than those bullets and blades, Seriously puts some of the emotional , dramatic scenes and consequences.This game is worth the buy, I really like to aprreciate the developers for bringing out with such an awesome game.Just loved it .-10/10.Simple awesome."
,Recommended,319630,19980674,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"More games like this please. Not all games have to be exotic power fantasies. It doesn't have to be grandiose and spectacular - life, in all its day to day normailty, is pretty strange indeed and this game proves it without a doubt."
76561198176239878,Recommended,319630,19982095,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gareth,"THE DEFINITION OF AWESOME SHOULD INCLUDE A REFERENCE TO THIS GAME!This is an extremely well thought out, beautifully animated, and illustrated game. The story based game play really gets you going, and the plot becomes more addictive with each episode, as you explore Blackwell Academy, and Arcadia Bay to discover truth behind the mystery of Rachael Ambers disappearance. You find out more about the residents of this small oregon town, making good friends, and dangerous enemies along the way. It becomes apparent that changing things for the better is not going to be easy. At the end of each episode you find yourself yerning to find out what dark twists of fate await Max, Chloe, and the residents of Arcadia Bay in the next episode.Honestly having never come across this kind of game genre before, and having now played this, I desperately want to find more like it. This is without doubt my favorite of all time. SquareEnix and DontNod have created a masterpiece that leaves you completely drained, maybe a little confused, perhaps a little sad,  but knowing you have just experienced something truely special. I only hope that the rumors that a second release of life is strange is true. For the money you wont find a better game of its kind anywhere."
76561198035597474,Recommended,319630,19983292,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cocaine is bad for the heart,"well, [i♥♥♥♥♥♥/i]"
,Recommended,319630,19985786,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Archer31,"Life Is Strangeis a beautiful""heavy rain""-esk game that creates actual characters that the player can actually connect to and  really empathise with. I don't want to say anything about the story because I feel like every one should get the chance to see this for the first time as their own play through. However, I will say that I am already planning on doing a second run where I change things up.I will put here that you should be ready to have to think about things with multiple timelines because it gets prettystrange"
,Recommended,319630,19987002,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dexters Meme Laboratory,"Amazing game, visuals 9/10, music 10/10 (perfectly fits the atmosphere of the game), dialogue 8/10, voice acting 7/10. And the price, 5 dollars, are you kidding me? Download this game. Do it now"
,Recommended,319630,19987415,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Motionless Puppet,"It took me a while before I really got into it, but man this game has a great story. Totally recommend it."
,Recommended,319630,19987472,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Siege,Just wish it was longer.
,Recommended,319630,19998055,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cly Suva,"Definitely one of the best games this year. Really immersive story and engaging options. I was slightly dissapointed by the ending, but rest of the game makes it up in my eyes.The moment when Max & Chloe were lying on the bed at Chloes place, the sun was casting rays into the room and I could almost feel the fresh morning air coming from the open window. Great atmospheres throughout the game."
,Recommended,319630,20006966,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dgo013,one of the greates game i've play in my life
76561198083403296,Recommended,319630,20008828,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dendaliion,"I'm madly in love with 'Life is strange' it has such a delicate touch to it. Every of your choices has consequences and that is what makes it feel so real and so threatening at the same time. I can't remember the last time I was on the tips of my toes as much while playing a computer game. It messes with your emotions and you get sad, nostaligc and happy . I'm not playing it too long but I'm already REALLY enjoying it!"
,Recommended,319630,20038748,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NateyBoss,"How the hell do you expect me to create a review for a game that is beautiful and perfect such as this? Definately a life changer, completely worth purchasing. I couldn't have possibly spent my money better elsewhere.Life Is Strangeputs huge emphasis on Butterfly Effect. Be careful and thoughtful about the choices you make. You are reminded of them after each chapter and compared to everyone else's decisions. There are some things off to the side that aren't directly shown to you so look around in each area because lots of people missed side choices. Chloe is my favorite character but don't forget to help Alyssa every time she needs it, she's cool too. Highly recommend!"
76561198064874824,Recommended,319630,20048847,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nzsambrown,"I really loved this game.If you treasure strong emotional plot lines in your video games then this is for you.If you want strong realistic characters, then this is for you.If you can't stand hipsters then maybe this isn't for you.I would liken this game to the telltale series - although I felt this game had superior game play mechanics. The time travel power really adds a great twist to these choose your own story style games. Many times I would be reversing time to try and get a perfect outcome to a segment.It starts off rather slowly, but by the end it really ramps up and gets pretty emotional.I totally recommend this game and really hope I can find more like it in the future."
,Recommended,319630,20050286,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BaneTheSpecTRe,Do not play this game.  You can't handle the feels.  10/10 recommend.
,Recommended,319630,20267871,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RubiXPLODE,"Honestly, I had no idea what I was expecting when I first played this game. It is absolutely amazing and there are so many emotions involved. I was always excited to see what would happen next, for each episode would leave you wanting more. There was always something unexpected coming around the corner, and the ending absolutely blew my mind.Definitely would recommend this game to anyway, just a warning that you will be going on a massive feels trip playing this."
76561198027248060,Recommended,319630,19865174,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,909lukas,"Let me start off by saying that this game is completely fantastic. It's fantastic to the point of me actually taking time out of my life to write this review. I'll try to tip toe around the spoilers.You start off this game as Max, a girl in her late teens who moved back from Seattle back to her home town, Arcadia Bay, to attend a school that has a specialization for photography. She finds herself in a peculiar, but horrific vision during class, she's caught off guard by this, but all in all basically shrugs it off. She leaves class to go to the bathroom and ends up in a traumatic experience until she finds out SHE CAN REWIND TIME. This ends up being the main mechanic to get you through the game. It allows you to undo choices that you made a couple seconds earlier if you weren't satisfied with that said choice and help you throughout different challenges in the game. WIth that said, Life Is Strange is a story-driven, choice-based game and your choices matter throughout the story which I think is another cool touch that the developers added to this stellar game. Getting back to the story, Max ends up reuniting with an old friend from her childhood named, Chloe. She is basically opposite of Max now after all of these years but they end up hitting it off again and they explore and investigate Max's power and the mysterious disappearance of another girl named, Rachel Amber.I love this game because it made me feel like I was in the world of Arcadia Bay along with Max and Chloe. Everything was so easy to get into because the story, voice acting, setting, graphics, etc are so good. It was like having an interactive book or movie right in front of me to manipulate and change at will. It also made me cry A LLOOOOOOOOTTTT. I highly, higly, highly recommend this game to literally anyone who likes superb games because OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOO SUPERB.Thank you Dontnod and Square Enix for this incredible game.10/10 (no sarcasm)"
76561198038896194,Recommended,319630,19866589,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,blufootbooby16,"I've never reviewed a game on steam. Rarely do I leave ratings on anything but I had to make an exception. I don't know where to start. I've only finished episode 3 so I don't know the full scope of the story, but so far I've found it more interesting and deep than most movies that come out now. The characters are so well developed and so real that you feel for them almost instantly. Without spoilers the story has such real emotion to it that I couldn't help but well up a little at parts and found myself talking outloud at parts. If you enjoy games with characters you can actually engage and feel  a connection to with and deep, thoughtful story then this is a game for you. Also the soundtrack is pretty groovy!"
76561198026658583,Recommended,319630,19871246,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Robert,"To sum up this game in a single phrase: Bloody epic. A must buy for anyone that loves story games. Sorry COD fans, no guns in this one. Oh wait...This is one of the best if the the best game I have ever played. The story takes you on a rollercoaster of emotions. YOu never want to stop playing. I forced myself on many occasions to take a break just to make the story last a bit longer. Just to keep my mind from melting. Just to stave off the ineveitable. To give you an idea of the emotions (think what you will of me) but it is the first game that I have played where I have actually shed tears.When it comes to storyline I have not played a single game that beats it. I was more than enitirely immersed in the story throught all 5 episodes. I just had to keep coming back. Each episode gives you about 3 to 4 hours of gameplay and after each episode you are left wondering what the hell happened. I felt that the choices made in the game actually did have an effect on the story not like some of these other games that claim to have an effect whereas in reality they juts change some of the dialogue options. My only complaint is that it ended. The story is so good that you literraly don't want it to end. Life is Strange 2 cannot come soon enough.I think one of the main things that kept this story so engrosing is that, I being a student, could relate whole heartedly to the protagonist. All the characters in the game felt like they could be real people which made the story feel all the more real. All the situations that the characters were in felt like I could have been in those very same situations in real life even though they were a little more extreme than your everyday situation. It just felt real and that made it enjoyable and engrosing.The art style of the game is also a very interesting one. I loved it. It, I think, was meant to fell hand draw and if that was the case then they have achieved their goal to the MAX. :p The whole game is beautiful putting you right in the lense of a camera with every angle highlighting something and every scene blowing you away with amazing lighting and breathetaking scenery. The player models are brilliant and the animating brings the charaters to life, literraly. The one thing that I found off was the lip syncing with the voice acting. The game has brilliant voice acting and I felt that the lip sync not fitting in all the time detered from it a bit but I soon got over that as i became ever more engrosed in the story.Gameplay wise I think that the approach is very unique and I enjoyed it. It is really simple and easy to get the hang of but even in its simplicity it does not ever detract from the story or the game as a whole. I love how they have used the items of the protagonist as a means for recapping such as her diary. I also love how you actually feel like the world continues aound you with you receiving text messages at random intervals and how different characters go of and do their own thing developing their own story. But I digress. The gameplay mechanic is easy to use and easy to get the hang of. And the hand drawn notes and messages for different options you have make the game feel even more like you, as the protagonist, are choosing those options and not that they have been given to you. Don't know if that makes as much sense to you as I hoped it would.In conclusion I would just like to thank those of you that have taken the time to read this far. This is, as I've said, one of the best games that I have ever played. Whether you pick up the first episode as a test or buy all of them outright I think that you will become engrosed. To those that have the first episode and are thinking about buying the rest. Do it. I can almost garrentee that you will enjoy them (unless you absolutely hated the game in which case I am wondering why you are reading this review) I am still upset over finishing it but I think that it can be the sort of game that can be replayed although with less of the emotional rollercoaster. DONTNOD you have done well, very well and I really hope to see a Life is Strange 2 or maybe even another game. Just keep it real. No vampires please."
,Recommended,319630,19880127,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KamNStuff,"My favourite game of all time. No joke. I have 100+ steam games, and even console pesant exclusivesThe last of us was my favourite, now its Life Is Strange.Get it you ♥♥♥♥ing cuntassnig i kno wer u libe"
76561198042245661,Recommended,319630,19882521,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jak123abc,"This is will be my first reveiw.First off, all I have to say is just ""Wow"". Just finished this emotional roller coaster. It was an incredible experience that I wish I could playback. This was the first game I could ever get fully invovled in, story-wise and gameplay-wise. I am a person who has troubles keeping up with storyline because I just want to play the game but this game pulled me in so hard and I will never forget it.The two major things that I felt were the most prominent to me for the game was the emotion that was behind it and the decision making that you do. I can't tell you how many time I took a step back from the game to contemplate the decision I just made. Was it right? Was it wrong?I rate it the 'Max' outta 10.10/10Thank you."
,Recommended,319630,26175185,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,✯╾━╤デ╦︻✯,"I just beat it tonight and oh god,if you are looking for a happy-entertaining game with alot ofstory and drama then jesusthis is for you...OVERALL: its so F*CKING good.10/10"
,Recommended,319630,18723337,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Microwaved Bananas,"This is a plot driven story game much like Tell Tales ""The Walking Dead Game"" and ""The Wolf Among Us"". You play as Max a high school girl who is given the power to play with time. There is very little if any combat and most game play is focused on exploration and puzzle solving. That being said youre not going to play this game for the game play. This game is great because of its plot and atosmphere.Playing as a high school girl means you have high school girl problems. Other students dont like you, you have friends that have their own issues, there are issues with teachers etc. LiS makes you care about these other people. Every time you do something that affects their life for better or worse feels real and genuine. Dontnod does a great job building the different characters up and changing how you feel about them thoughout the game.The graphics are good. There are some sync issues with lines but i didn't have a major issues with it. Photography is a major theme in the game and you take some gorgeous photos, The Cinematics are very well done and well cinematic.If you are torn on to get the game or not listen to the soundtrack on spotify. Its not a soundtrack like Mass Effect or Bastion where its made for the game, but a collection of songs used in the game. Its not for everyone but its very indy rock and gives a feel of the game.For those curious this is not a light hearted game. Serious themes are explored. I dont want to spoil anything but life, death, sex, drugs, most teenage life choices are touched on. Luckily they keep the preaching to almost nonexist levels so dont worry about that. But if youre sensitive to those topics, well know you know.Overall I loved the game. If i had to name a fault its that the puzzles can be repeat themselves until you trial and error your way though them.8/10"
,Recommended,319630,18726326,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The_Hobbit,"This game really makes you think about how you approach a situation, which clearly was what the Devs where going for and they did it well! It has plot twist you won't see coming, but in the end it ties up all loose ends, and as strange lifes seems at first (pun absolutely intended) it all makes sense the more you get into the game! Good Job, Devs!"
,Recommended,319630,18728542,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kurisu,I don't normally rate games but Life Is Strange fully deserves every positive review it has.Absolutely beautiful. Everyone should play this.
,Recommended,319630,18729024,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,HelixiaGaming,"The game is one word AWESOME.Everything is just right the atmosphere, music and level design.It is not a story telling sandbox game, but you have enough room to explore.I like the way you need to collect achievements by making photos of certain objects.The story begins when you discover you can turn back time and a storm is going to destrot Arcadia Bay.Along the way you need to make hard decision which really impact YOUR story with some really weird plot twists.The game is for me a 11/10."
76561198092314895,Recommended,319630,18732905,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Magicus,"Just an amazing game...An emotional ride until the end.The ending may be controversial or even upsetting for some, but i think it fits the mood incredibly well.In a game that's all about choice, final choices have to be tough..."
76561198073246110,Recommended,319630,18732913,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Themostdead,"Spoiler free review!!!Somone told me to go into this game without seeing any trailers or other reviews for the game, i recommend everyone do the same!!! you will get the most enjoyment.This is one of the most touching games i have ever played,The story is very good, the characters are VERYYYY well written, ( voice acting and lip syncing has sometime to be desired tough)The soundtrack is amazing!!The only thing i found strange was, the quality of the game shifts allot, in things like textures and lip syncing, i know this game has it's own artstyle, but some texture just looked really poor compared to others.Same as the lipsync, in some places it was good, others not so muchI still recommend this game to EVERYONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEThis game will make you tear up, atleast it has to me"
76561198027614699,Recommended,319630,18733623,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,NathanGPLC,"This is a fantastic little game that takes the model of choice-driven gameplay recently popularized by Telltale's adventures (TWD, etc) and perfects it--while I love those games, Life is Strange manages to create a solid balance between gameplay and storytelling that other games struggle to achieve.Beyond that, Life is Strange uses its digital medium to show that a computer game can tell stories in ways that surpass the simplistic idea of an 'interactive movie' or even an 'interactive novel.' The tale it tells is as literary as any of the books I teach in school, and is more fun than most of them--something I say as a lifelong reader.Will you enjoy the actual story? Well, that will largely depend on you, but I think it is almost a guarantee that if you give it a fair shot, you will be impressed by Life is Strange."
,Recommended,319630,18736458,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mary Elizabeth Windranger,"Probably the first video game to have made me cry. Absolutely beautiful, and well worth the RRP and 15 hours of your time."
76561197979240188,Recommended,319630,18737032,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,darthPotato,"This game will chew on your soul and spit it out at your feet.Amazing story.  Devastating, but amazing."
,Recommended,319630,18737432,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,NightKoder,"Incredibly well written story and beautifully voice acted.  You'll be delicately drawn into the story in the beginning, only to be brutally hit as the game wrings every emotion out of you as you desperately try to solve the mystery and hopefully save the people around you.  The crazy part is that you'll love every minute of it and eagerly consume every episode like a drug addict.  By the time the game finally ends, you'll be wishing you could rewind and play it again for the first time.Regardless of whether this game is on sale or not, you should add this to your ""Must Play"" list of games."
76561198035513109,Recommended,319630,18777768,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Schokibärli,"One of the best games I've ever played.This game manages to create an absolutely astonishing atmosphere, it sucks you in, rips your heart out and puts it back in over and over and over again, seriously.It's simply an amazing experience that I haven't had with any other game.11/10 would rewind time and play again."
,Recommended,319630,18839939,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Teeru,"I really enjoyed this game <3Nice story, nice concept, nice design, everything just perfect. This game is one of the best in my library :)"
76561198070107680,Recommended,319630,18842485,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,eric_hdez,"Compelling, Life is Strange is one of those games that takes you for a ride as the simpliest of choices you make or don't matter; affect and effect the world and those around you. It's a game that makes you care and give a damn great character building and story telling."
,Recommended,319630,18848054,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Huma_Carrion_Eater,This is one wild ride. It has a great soundtrack. It's fun as hell and gripping; I played the whole thing in three days.
76561198252613448,Recommended,319630,18848334,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NiftyTeeMan,great game... and thats comming from a COD nerd lol
76561197999684952,Recommended,319630,18864373,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Fr0stie16,Amazing game.. ofc it has little to no replay value..but the chills you get from walking through it is just amazing!
,Recommended,319630,18866166,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Darth Zedd,"A fun game, very worth the time. It snuck underneath my radar- it seemed neat, and i heard friends talking about it before I saw any promo material.I played the game when it was still being released episodically and I couldn't wait to play the next episode.If you're a fan of story-driven, RP based games then this is the one for you. You play as Max through a coming of age story that has supernatural elements. Flanked by friends and potential rivals, you see the impact and relationship of choice and destiny as you explore Max's strange new power to rewind time.The game has awesome music, solid voiceacting, and good scripting. The few hokey moments or awkward dialogue lend to the overall charm of the game, its setting, and characters.Definitely a must-play for anyone who loves a good story, a mystery, and great character dynamics."
,Recommended,319630,18866559,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sargefan19,This game is amazing and the perfect example of how to do a story driven game.... nothing else needs to be said besides this should be a contender for Game of the Year
76561198094418787,Recommended,319630,18867375,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,brittany.muellner,"absolutely fantastic. stellar soundtrack, excellent character develpment and depth...just an all around excellent game to play. the kind of game that lingers in your heart long after you've finished"
,Recommended,319630,18867391,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,castowayd,"Honestly an amazing game, Dontnod did an amazing job with this game! The lip syncing is off, and the way Max speaks might seem a little fake but honestly half the people I know speak like that. I totally recommend this game to everyone!"
,Recommended,319630,18867563,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,CodyOdyOxenFree,"Say what you will about the dialogue but I ""hella"" love this freaking game.  After being on this emotional rollercoaster for a few episodes you will become deeply invested in these characters.  I thought Walking Dead's ending hit me hard but after finishing Life is Strange I can honestly say that no video game has ever impacted me as deeply on an emotional level.  Through the character interaction and Max's own inner dialogue and struggles I became invested in the lives of Max and Chloe like they were my best friends.  I am not ashamed to say that I cried like a baby when I finished the game.  I'm glad I played this game, am already on my second playthrough and can't wait to see what Dontnod comes out with next."
76561198145481105,Recommended,319630,18883654,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MentalWars,This game had be on the edge of my bed and emotionally attached and it's been 2 days since I finished it and I can't get it out of my head. Not to mention the feels just sticks in your heart and this is such a good game! You're depriving yourself if you don't get this game. JUST DO IT!
76561198033530593,Recommended,319630,19030901,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,[UniWiz] Henne,"screw up conversations, turn back time, become best friend with everybodygreat success 10/10"
,Recommended,319630,19049445,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Olivadelrio,It's one of the best games I have ever played. It's an emotional rollercoster but it's amazing!
,Recommended,319630,19055397,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dav,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just finished this game and it's absolutely beautiful.The art style is gorgeous, seriously perfection. The music is astounding in certain parts and fits the whole feel perfectly. The storyline is completely gripping making you get attached to characters that you may not even like. 10/10 would absolutely recommened playing this if you want a deep rich storyline.no emoji."
76561198082428105,Recommended,319630,19064225,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,ClonicMechanics,"This game actually made me tear up , its beauty, its game mechanics, and the best story i have ever lived from helping Chloe live for just a week longer to the different endings and to protaganist Max , seeing her life through her eyes made this story very touching"
76561198020433098,Recommended,319630,19064406,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Paragon468,This game will ♥♥♥♥ you up.
76561198040103929,Recommended,319630,19064816,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Torgo,"Life is Strange is an excellent, character-driven narative with exactly enough interactivity to escape any ""walking simulator"" or ""interactive experience"" labels with which it might be pinned. The central mechanic of time-reversal provides an interesting mix of dialogue and logical puzzles, while avoiding the vague dialogue problem that tarnishes similarly presented titles. The chapters are well paced and maintain a sense of progression and urgency building to a deliberate conclusion that leaves one still craving more, but satisfied with the endeavor."
,Recommended,319630,19066457,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,A Small Wuf,"Okay, so I just finished playing all 5 episodes... and literally all I can think is""wow""One of the most intense games I've played in a while, gg Enix"
76561198029680707,Recommended,319630,19073818,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Bdylanne,Playing this was an incredible experience.... it felt more like a personal journey than just a game.11/10
76561198041193799,Recommended,319630,19082115,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,yamaha.dtr125,"I'd heard about this game when Episode 1 was released but only decided to try it out after all 5 episodes were released, glad i waited becuase waiting for the next episode would have drove me nuts, lol.This is a very cool ""game/experience"" and well worth £15.99 for all 5 parts, respect to the creators.I can't wait for Life is Strange 2!If the creators ever read these comments...Awesome work!"
76561198052874206,Recommended,319630,19098066,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Ungefär 70% Av Alexander,"This game literally changed my view on what my life and where I as a person want to be.I Just finished the game and I feel very filosofical about it.Either way, It is a great game and I would recomend it 10/10 people."
,Recommended,319630,19100094,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,HannyBunny,"I officially finished one line in ""Life is strange"" and i regret it so hardthere are no good choisesthis game makes me sad and angry10/10 best game i played in years"
,Recommended,319630,19101182,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Durum,Really good game. Especially if you like intelligent games. Took me about 14 hours to finish the first time but you can play it again and choose different paths. The later episodes are insane.Just buy it.
,Recommended,319630,19102507,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,H4g38utt3nt33,I cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.10/10
,Recommended,319630,19105578,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gibso23,"At first glance I didn't have high hopes for this game, but the more I played it the more I got into it and by the end of the I was on edge about everythig, Totaly loved it and recommend it to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197970436971,Recommended,319630,19112325,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,GizmoTech,One of the more interesting game mechanics I have ever seen in a story based game. Fantastic value for 14 hours of game time. (More if you are hunting for achievements in it)
76561198011479920,Recommended,319630,19117214,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Pavelik001,Best game I've played. Better than the big titles. Must have
,Recommended,319630,19117389,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,HYD,"This is one officially the best game i've ever played, it speaks to the emotions. the storyline is amazing. please everyone, recommend this game to anyone you know. this game changed my point of view on some aspects."
,Recommended,319630,19284860,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,trivialattire,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Holy moley.♥♥♥♥ing riveting.Guys I don't cry. Never, especially while on anti-depressants. I have to make an honest effort to make myself genuinely cry.Time manipulation powers give you the illusion of choice over what happens, but you are a victim of your own personal life experience outside of the game. Everything that happens comes down to you and how you decide to let things play out. Time manipulation means you have nobody but yourself to blame for what happens.You believe you have options, but you're prisoner to your own, living, out of the game mind, and you will be punished for it.I ♥♥♥♥ing bawled so goddamn hard. Holy ♥♥♥♥.I was always afraid that I wouldn't be affected by someone's absence, but this game has affirmed for me that I'm not a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Get this game. If you get motion sick like I did in the first episode, the next four are much easier; drink ginger ale and wear seabands if you have to, you won't regret it."
76561198006309176,Recommended,319630,19301210,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kayawyn,"While this game may not be for everyone, it is probably the best one I've played. It has put anything by DONTNOD on my don't miss list."
76561197999646817,Recommended,319630,19322703,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,asdf,"Amazing game, It really puts into perspective how you really have no control over anything that happens throughout life. The story is based around the ""Butterfly Effect/Chaos"" Theories and will make you pay for most the decisions you make in the game. Perfect story with in depth characters!"
,Recommended,319630,19324066,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,victrium,"Short version:  Effing superb.Pros:+Excellent, believable characters+Wonderful plot, the kind of game you sit down to play and just don't get up until you're done+Truly immersive storytelling, to the point where I felt anxious when Max was really cornered or her powers didn't work, and I sat looking at the hard choices for a real long time.+Choose your own adventure games are difficult to keep consistent.  Time travel is difficult to keep consistent.  This game manages to do both at the same time.Cons:-Some of the secondary characters have less-than-stellar models.  Joyce's tiny little mouth will haunt my dreams.-You can't abort the fast-rewind-to-last-decision option which made me redo a handful of conversations because I misclicked it.-There were a few cases where I missed saving a character or something because I just wasn't looking the right way when whatever happened happened and therefore didn't realize there was something I could have done about it.  A minor quibble I suppose.Overall:Play it play it play it play it play it play it play it."
,Recommended,319630,19325152,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥! That was WAY too hardcore! I was expecting something similar to TaleTale's Game of Thrones, but ♥♥♥♥! This game blows that out of the water!I'm bad are writing detailed reviews so I'll just say this: get it, just get it. Unless you don't like story-based games in which case...you should still get it."
,Recommended,319630,19333863,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,NJORDIC,I'm a grown♥♥♥♥♥man and this game made me feel like a five year old who lost his candy. This game made me wheep like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. It's bloody amazing.
,Recommended,319630,19380366,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,SleepyGecko,Best decision I made was buying this game.
,Recommended,319630,19380857,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bindestrek,"to the developer of this game! ♥♥♥♥♥ YOU!! YOU MADE ME HAVE TO CHOOSE BETWEEN CHLOE OR THE TOWN!!! ♥♥♥♥♥ YOU! i have never been on a feel trip like i have throughout this game. im having a hard time getting back into reality, and that says a lot about this game.this game was worth every penny.great game! i hope to see something similar again.100/10. loved every single little thing about it."
76561198051050754,Recommended,319630,19570620,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,friend0,"It's not game - it's DRAMA!It's like a great movie, but much better - because you can make decisions and every one taken  (and missed and not taken) counts. After playing this game I can't look the world like I did before. Maybe something will change in my life, most probaly no, but it's a great experience.But I have to say a ""bad word"" about advertising this game. I though it was adventure game which I usualy ignore and only game of the year nomination and discount brought some interest to try. It was like ""Oh let's give a quick try ang go to bed"", but then suddenly ""Oh my, it's 4 am already! I need to go sleep! Episode end - perfect time to have sleep! Damn, it's 5 am already and alarm clock is set for 8 am to go to work..."". But on the other hand I'm glad I could play all episodes at once and not die waiting like some others."
,Recommended,319630,19574993,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Raresense,Bought the game on a whim. Turned out to be the most spectacular emotional rollercoaster I've ever ridden on. My only regret is that I'll never be able to experience it for the first time again. 10/10
76561198161282642,Recommended,319630,19575045,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,martIAN,"*DOES NOT CONTAIN SPOILERS*This game gave me such a blast... All those plot twists and connections between events. Actually I am kinda sad because I finished the game. Definitely going to play over and over again.DONTNOD made a masterpiece, waiting for their next game.10/10 would rewind time and play it again."
,Recommended,319630,19579286,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Biomassive,"I am totally speachless with how this game was written.So much drama... suspense... and very intense decision making - although you can turn back time, sometimes you just wished you didnt so you'd play like it its real life.This game is an emotional roller coaster. It took me to places that my feels has never taken me before, and whats worse, its that it keeps happening, and you will even want to keep playing it to see all the other outcomes have you picked a different decision.There are a billion combinations of everything in between, but there, really is only a coin-flip of an ending.What is great about this game, and how its set-up especially with its achivements, is that you can just go back to any chapter of the game at any place and compete an achievement without disturbing the real game play. Should you want to alter a decision, you can do the same, but you have to start over from that point in time - it doesnt affect your other savegame files. You can very easily get 100% of the game, but getting 100% of the all the stories and outcomes is up to you.I love this game - the game is great, and I recommend it!"
76561197966132759,Recommended,319630,19585459,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Baggis,"This is real art, not just something to procrastinate or kill time with. I fear this game might just be a great exception in the sea of mindless games of today, rather than the start of increasing emotional work, but I'm hoping the world will prove me wrong on that, cause we need it. In either case, it has definitely made a huge impact on me and will not soon be forgotten.Now, I can't remember the last game that brought me to the brink of tears, but if it does happen again sometime, I'm positive I will know then."
,Recommended,319630,19626247,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JangoJunkie,"Game of the year, all years."
76561198087580730,Recommended,319630,19654894,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,luckyscharms2000,"The best part of story-driven games is that it is like watching a movie that you get to be a part of, which makes the tough decisions you have to make that much more difficult.This is by far, the most emotionally gripping story-driven game I have ever played, even greater than ME2 and some telltale games.A true tear-jerker, with a few shocking plot twists that will catch even the most attentive players off-guard, and a fantastic soundtrack.The depth of the symbolism and unique handling of time travel has spawned a plethora of fan theories and hypotheticals, which continue to give you the errie feeling that there was something bigger going on in Arcadia, if only you could have realized, if only you looked a little closer.Like all good stories, it ends leaving you still asking questions, ensuring that your decisions will continue to haunt you long after you finish the game.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,319630,19692129,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Krossmaskinen,"I'm writing this having said a final good bye, left with tears running down my face and not knowing what to feel. It almost feels like this was the conclusion of my own life in some way, like this was one of the most important thing that ever happened to me.I'm feeling sad and lonely now that Lis's chapter in my life is over, but I wouldn't trade it for anything. Thank you Lis, for being with me it if it was just for a brief time of my life."
,Recommended,319630,19716552,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Wiciu,"WonderfulOne of the best game, I've ever had a chance to play. Absolutely stunning and life changing experience."
76561198150782214,Recommended,319630,19716577,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Benjago97,"Best ""Game"" ever made so far. A Story that will blow off your mind!Epic! Just epic! OMG.""Choose Wisely""10/10 - Mindblowing"
,Recommended,319630,19733251,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Shoji Tabuchi,"Beautiful story that makes you really think about your choices which is hard to do considering that you can control time, and you would assume that choices might not have much weight to them..The story pulls you in and doesn't let you go.The cliffhangers at the end of the episodes are a bit of a pain, but thats only if you were waiting for the next episode to be finished.If you enjoy story rich games, you must play this game, this was my first foray into this genre, and it was a fantastic experience"
,Recommended,319630,19736147,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Leonartha,story is deep and mind blowing...first time a game can gave me feels
,Recommended,319630,19743572,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tormented,"If you're on the bench on weather or not to get this game then ill make the decision for you. You will need this game.It will make you feel so many emotions at once, its so beautiful. You can play this game quite  a few times with all the difference choices you'll have to make.I was unsure about it because it was an episode game, so i bought the first episode and fell deep in love with it.I love how every character has their own personality and the protagonist (Max) always has something to say about each person.You'll spend hours upon hours trying to figure out what is happening around you in this game. You'll find it shocking, disturbing, funny, exciting, heart warming...Honestly... just get the god damned game. ITS WORTH IT. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,19755127,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kalouda 狼,"A comfy, intriguing, thought-provoking, occasionally beautiful game from episodes 1-4. It takes a hell of a turn around 5, the finale, which I've seen some people love and some people hate, as is always the way. Parts of it are cinematic, parts feel like I'm watching a novel come to life. Unforgettable.Please be emotionally stable if you play this.One of the best games of 2015."
76561198079425156,Recommended,319630,19755169,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,serenity,"I love this game. It'll rip your heart into pieces and put it in a blender. But, then it somehow manages to reform your heart. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,19795269,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AndreiaV,This game is everything you want a game about time traveling to be.Don't be mistaken. This is not an hipster teen drama. This is far from that.You will fall in love with the characters. You will fall in love with the golden hour. Every minute is F12 worthy.Don't expect to feel confortable since this has a HUGE twist every single episode.Episode 5 messed me up real bad. It was incredibly bittersweet.Life Is Stange is one of my favorites games of all time and the impact it had on me is indescribable.Buy it. This game is worth every buck.
76561198088531757,Recommended,319630,19810286,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,xephini,"Life is Strange has changed me and my life more than any other game, film, book or tv series has.I think I will carry the stories of Max, Chloe, Kate and Nathan with me for a long time, as a reminder of how many sorrows and insecurities a person can carry. It makes me want to be more caring towards others."
,Recommended,319630,19820536,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jamongus,"I only really heard about this game in passing, but after hearing it win so many community awards, top-10 polling, and the amazing reviews on steam I decided ""♥♥♥♥ it, I'll try it and see how it goes"". Starting out I didn't really find myself too attached to the story, but I went in with the mindset to immerse myself in the story as much as possible.It's been two weeks since I finished the game. I still get teary-eyed listening to the soundtrack or watching cutscenes. Allow yourself to get immersed in the game (even if it gets a little cliche or weird at times), and it will take you on an emotional trip that may or may not change your perspective on your life and the people around you. It did for me. It was worth every penny, and I'd do so much to be able to play this again for the first time."
,Recommended,319630,19822501,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,haagiboy,All the feels. All of them.
,Recommended,319630,19829224,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,srnmnstr,"The entire game feels like a beautifully shot movie touched by a poignant mystery that unravels gorgeously across five episodes; each layer more intense and each reveal more remarkable.Sure, the concept will catch your attention, but it's always the characters that make you stay.Thank you DONTNOD, this masterpiece is truly amazing. Easily drawn in by the art style (with excellent lighting), engaging characters (with great backstories and voice acting), and a pretty interesting plot (with its twists and turns), this game will - assuredly - surprise and delight you."
,Recommended,319630,19829585,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sabo,Never ever cried because of a video game. Until now. Wish I could erase my memory just to experience this masterpiece again.
,Recommended,319630,19841487,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cupcakesalad,This game is awsome... The best game i EVER played!it brought up every emotion i have.... i love it!i did cry! i did smile! i... love this game.. i HIGHLY recommend it!ty to everyone that made this game.. its perfect <3
,Recommended,319630,19842299,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cookies990,"Life is strange, What to say about it.....Well Out of all my games that i have, I have to say that LiS Is one of the most Truest Amazing experience i have had with a game forever... The Emotions, The Choices, The thought provoking gameplay.I Must say that i would full heartedly recommend this game to everyone, To play it at least one time through.So don't put it off like i did and just jump in and enjoy this game for what it is!!"
,Recommended,319630,19850644,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,spookysempai,THIS GAME RUINED MY LIFE.(I think about it everyday now and I finished it like what? a couple of months ago?)*highly recommended*
76561198032400226,Recommended,319630,19857638,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TytoAlba,I am still emotionally attached to the characters and story after two months. This game changed my life.10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,319630,19859111,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RogueLove,Captivating from start to finish. Takes the played out plot device of time travel and turns it into something unique and artistic.
,Recommended,319630,19859403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MikaSkylark,"god dammit, I wish I could erase my memory of this game and play it again for the first time..simply a masterwork.."
,Recommended,319630,19865419,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,rage.,"This isn't a game, it's an experience."
76561198186869855,Recommended,319630,28461342,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,IWoNtTry,"Pretty cool game, first time playing these type of games"
76561198036967183,Recommended,319630,28461627,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Benoite_Xephon,"the music in this game is beautiful, coming from someone who doesn't listen to indie music.  i've only played the first episode and so far its awesome."
76561197990494580,Recommended,319630,28461869,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jaycephus,"What if you took the best interactive stories from the good FPS games, but then you weren't constrained by having to justify an FPS theme with lots of weapons and lots of baddies to shoot, and you could just make a good interactive branching story with any theme you wanted?It might be as good as this Interactive Adventure Story.It's not a 'game,' though. It just isn't. It has a mechanic that I would call a Story Mechanic, not a ""game mechanic."" I say this because the only thing affected by mechanic is the path you take to the singular conclusion. There are no other game elements, unless you count some minor Steam acheivements for finding every little interactive object in the game. There is no moment like: ""You reached the least impressive ending of five different endings, are you sure you don't want to play again and do better?""You get Life Is Strange because you want to watch a movie with a good story that you have a fair measure of control at key moments, which makes it a very interactive movie, but still a movie, not a game.That said, I could see playing through a second time to make different decisions and see how that plays out. Because of the length, quality, and possibility of wanting to play it through a second time, I think it is worth the asking price for the full episode list."
76561198035352577,Recommended,319630,28805522,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crispin,"I read all the reviews (positive and negative) trying to find out if I should play this game. I read that it is a brilliant, highly emotional game and that I should prepare myself for some tears. After all that I can only say this: I was NOT prepared for the feels.10/10Would wipe my memory and play again."
76561198274101919,Recommended,319630,29420788,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,"This is game was a surprise for me. An incredible great one. I played all 5 episodes.The story is so deep and dark. You get close to the characters and get involved emotionally through the game until the end. To rewind your actions, change the future, having different endings. A very philosophic game. It  was like watching a movie while you play it. Prepare the tissues!"
76561198008037118,Recommended,319630,29422495,Posted: 22 January,all,S!r Camp.a.lot.,"Holy Guacamole. Never a game had me thinking about my decisions and regreting them so much. This games is a must buy. If you ever want to experience a video game where you can truly emphatize with the characters, this is you best shot."
,Recommended,319630,29429235,Posted: 22 January,all,Squarechild,"An unbelievably good game.I wasn't totally convinced after finishing Episode 1, but it still held enough intrigue for me to pick up the remaining chapters on sale.  Glad I did now, because the game gets much better.  It has such a strong storyline, with some powerful scenes and real consequences to the choices you make over the course of the game.I would highly recommend giving it a whirl."
76561198324548230,Recommended,319630,29434453,Posted: 22 January,all,MidnightTalaria,"I know that I'm literally the last person in the world to play Life is Strange, but I'm so glad that I did because this game is a literal masterpeice.If you have any interest in playing a game that has everything you can imagine, where your choices DO matter, with characters and a plot that will make you laugh and cry alongside them, this is the game for you.Even if you aren't interested in any of the things above, this game is STILL for you."
76561198096031925,Recommended,319630,29436156,Posted: 22 January,all,JesseTG,"Let me count the ways in which this game will make you cry.1. Do not play this game in Flint, Michigan.  Your own tears will dehydrate you, and then you'll have go thirsty or drink poisoned water.2. You will want to call your best friend and tell them you love them.  But do it in person instead, because they will not be able to understand you over the phone through your crying.3. Make sure your face is not over your keyboard as you play this; the salt in your tears will damage it over time.4. If you wish to harvest the sorrowful tears of your worst enemy, simply have them play this game and don't let them see the jar under their face.  Much more efficient than killing their family.5. If you cry blood, make sure you have plenty of iron in your diet.  Otherwise you may become deficient."
76561198036893324,Recommended,319630,29439137,Posted: 23 January,all,joramil,"This is by far one of the most interesting and engaging stories in a game I've played in years.  I can think of 3 story lines that have captured me this much - Final Fantasy 7, Final Fantasy Tacics, and Life is Strange.The character are so deep and every decision is excrutiating, yet rewarding.  The mechanics of how they incorporate the decisions and rewind are insane.  I completely fell for the characters and how they grew throughout the game.  I was worried about boring stereotypes, but none to be found here for sure.  And all of the music and voice acting fits perfectly, the scene design, amazing.  So many small details, I found myself looking at everything and never getting bored or irritated.My *only* criticism is the rewind power can be a little inconsistent.  I can take and object, rewind, and I still have it, but I can also rewind to fix the camera I dropped in the initial scene to fix it?  A minor continuity error in my opinion, but doesn't greatly distract from the overall experience of the game."
76561198128784263,Recommended,319630,29443175,Posted: 23 January,all,1-800-Dank-Memes,"First 20 minutes of gameplay - ""Oh this is kind of a cool concept, she can use time travel to say just the right thing.""1 hour into the game - ""The realization of settings, characters, and conversations is masterful. I like where this is going.""2 hours into the game - ""I'm starting to feel for these characters... Maybe I'll buy the second episode.""5 hours into the game - ""Good god this game is so much more than I expected it to be""7 hours into the game - ""THIS IS SOOO FU**ING GOOD""10 hours into the game - ""BUT I TRUSTED HIM!!!""12 hours into the game - ""Cries in a corner for an hour then starts researching the second game""This game is fantastic, I strongly recommend it to anyone and everyone who loves a good story with great characters. It does not disappoint whatsoever."
,Recommended,319630,29446777,Posted: 23 January,all,I n s a n E,"This is some next next level masterpiece... Such a great game, feels like I'm watching some movie... 1000000/10"
76561198120409499,Recommended,319630,29449129,Posted: 23 January,all,totcha,"'Life is Strange' has its flaws and incosistentcies, but if you can get immersed in it, it will be a very rewarding journey. It rides on one of the most overused tropes in sci-fi and re-uses tons of cliches, but the execution, writing and presentation (voice-acting and camera work in particular) make it all come together nicely. I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who enjoys good, immersive story-driven games."
,Recommended,319630,29452444,Posted: 23 January,all,Stero,"This game is insanely good. The visuals and soundtrack are nice, the story is one of the most interesting I've ever played and your choices REALLY matter. Lots of plot twists and suprises, definitely buy all the episodes and take your time. 10/10."
,Recommended,319630,30681279,Posted: 23 March,all,Undead Rufus,"I completed Episode 5 literally moments ago, and this is one of those games that I expect to be thinking about long after the end credits.If you're reading this, your concern is probably not details, but whether the game is worth buying and playing. The shortest answer I can offer is yes, absolutely yes. The slightly longer answer is I don't believe you can go wrong here if you enjoy top-notch storytelling. If you prefer emphasis on elements other than story, or just don't care about storytelling, then you might find Life Is Strange to be a bit of a slog.At its core, this is a third-person adventure with light puzzles, a heavy dose of stuff that might qualify as magic, a bit of detective work, and a great deal of player choice. There's no combat or quicktime system, though you will experience a couple of stealth sequences. Most of the action across all five episodes involves walking around, talking to people, and occasionally picking up items to use.The audiovisual experience is a work of art unto itself. The models are low-res, and the textures trend between passable and bad, but the environments created with these dated-looking assets feel alive and believable, and a lot of graphical shortcomings dissolve under brilliant lighting and shadows. Character design and voice work — with a few exceptions — are spot-on, especially for main characters Max and Chloe. I'm not quite as enamored with the soundtrack as a lot of other players seem to be, but some of the most awe-inspiring moments in the game are bolstered by great songs.Since the game is story-driven, talking at length about the narrative would involve a conga line of spoilers. Suffice it to say this is one of the greatest stories ever folded into a game. Plot elements are drawn from some obvious sources, but the way in which they are delivered is stellar by any measure. I cared about Max from the opening ring of the school bell, and I became more invested in the narrative with each passing scene. Her struggles as she tries so hard to make things right, only to find out time can no more be controlled than a storm — it's uncomfortable and riveting at the same time.Complaints? A few lines are delivered without proper inflection (inevitable with so much dialogue, I suppose). I wish the game looked a little better (it came out in 2015 but sports a definite 2007-ish vibe). Also, the writers chose to express some political opinions in their work. There's nothing wrong with this, but it comes across as heavy-handed or snarky a couple of times. And last but not least, I really, really despise the episodic format. It's the primary reason why I didn't get this phenomenal game until two years after release.All told, Life Is Strange is a gem. If you haven't made up your mind yet, Episode 1 is free to play, and you've got nothing to lose except bandwidth and a little . . . time."
76561198114804183,Recommended,319630,30703147,Posted: 24 March,all,theme_,"I bought this game, when it first came out. I ended up downloading it and not playing it for 2 years. I started playing it and got through in 2-3 days. This is my new favorite game. It has a great story and one of the toughest decisions you will make in a video game. It took me 10 minutes before I could press the button. If you play it, then you will understand."
,Recommended,319630,30935308,Posted: 3 April,all,✿Lehuanani | DatWahine808✿,"I've had this game since the day that it was released. I've never played a game that always had me wanting more!Every episode had me at the edge of my seat.I started this game excited, happy and amazed.By the end of the last episode I found myself... Excited, Amazed and a complete emotional wreck!This was literally one of the best games i've ever played!!! :D10/10 would deffinitly recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198079332385,Recommended,319630,30939341,Posted: 4 April,all,000ptimus,"This game surprised me a lot. I generally like well written Point-and-Click (p&c) games, but this game very clearly being a semi well-made port, my expectations going in to this game were not super high. Ended up playing through all episodes in about a week, WITH my girlfriend (who is not really a gaming person) sittning next to me. The whole game ended up becoming a ""thing"" for us; a topic of conversation for weeks after us completing it.For me/us easily worth the €20, for all the 5 episodes. If you are unsure if this is a thing for you - the first episode is free (or at least was at the time of me writing this).Well written, interesting characters and story. Engaging game through and through."
76561198102644370,Recommended,319630,30940536,Posted: 4 April,all,CorneliusWhite,"All I know now that it's done is I have a similar feeling I had after finishing Tell Tale's ""Walking Dead"" or the ""Mass Effect Trilogy"" or ""Last of Us;"" or even the Showtime series ""Six Feet Under.""When art has the ability to change the way we perceive the world, it ends up changing the world through us.""Life is Strange"" does exactly that. Sometimes we just have to sit back and let go, expecially when it comes to losing someone. Trying to control everything in order to avoid feeling that pain again turns life into a darkness that is very difficult to escape. It literally does become chaotic.....and it is ALL due to the choices we make because we can't let go.Sorry to anyone who has ever lost a best friend violently and tragically. It's. . . .hard.I needed this. Thank you to everyone who played any part in the making of this game. Beautiful!"
,Recommended,319630,32458142,Posted: 15 June,all,Montyggdrasil,Easily one of the best episodic games I have yet to play.
,Recommended,319630,19312567,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,T III,"Probably my favourite game of 2015. Great narrative, fantastic amount of character depth, time travel, and a wonderfully dark trip down a rabbit hole of consequences.I don't think I've waited for episodes being released with such anticipation/dread for a game before."
76561198158628002,Recommended,319630,19572578,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Showhand123,Emotionally scared forever. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,19575375,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,xxZap,One of the most emotional and motivational stories ever played.
76561198040888405,Recommended,319630,19720269,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tushypushy,"Anyone who gives this game a negative review can go f*ck themselfie...Sorry, not sorry.Synopsis: (no spoilers)You are Max Caulfield, a senior in high school who got a scholarship to attend Blackwell Academy, which is a prestigious art school in the small Oregon town known as Arcadia Bay; as well as the town that Max spent the first 13 years of her life before moving to Seattle. Unfortunately, when she moved to Seattle she had to leave behind her best friend Chloe.Max's journey begins as she is startled awake from a nightmare that she has during class, in which she sees a massive tornado heading straight for Arcadia Bay. Once class ends she goes about her life as usual until she stumbles across a dangerous situation, in which another student shoots and kills somebody. It is at this moment that Max discovers that she has the ability to rewind time. Very confused, she appears back at the exact moment that she woke up from her dream and takes matters into her own hands to stop the shooter. As the story develops Max reunites with her childhood friend Chloe and they almost instantly start bonding just like when they were kids.You learn from Chloe that she had developed a deep friendship with a girl named Rachel Amber while Max was away in Seattle. Unfortunately, Rachel Amber has been missing for six months now. As the days progress strange unexplainable events begin to occur in Arcadia Bay, on top of more comparatively normal, mysterious events surrounding Arcadia Bay and Blackwell Academy. Chloe and Rachel take it upon themselves to try and uncover the truth behind Rachel Amber's disappearance; as well as, the origin of Max's powers and its possible connections to all the weirdness going on in the town.Personal Review:This is one of the most captivating stories that I have had the pleasure of experiencing. The character development is incredibly well done, and you will most likely become incredibly invested in their stories. The story is well paced and keeps your attention very well. Max's rewind power adds a great twist to this type of video game story telling. It allows you to be able to see the immediate consequences of your decisions and you must deduce how those consequences will affect you later, rather than making a decision and living with it. One of the best things about this game is its soundtrack. Every song and musical piece in Life is Strange captures the moment perfectly and leaves you with goosebumps. And just as a fair warning (depending on which ending you choose), this game will make you cry. One ending is bittersweet, while the other is a real tear jerker and is definitely the better of the two. There are only two negative things that I can say about this game. The first being that I could have done without some of the teen talk that is in a lot of the game. Max is one of the main culprits, and though it fleshes out her dorky nature it somewhat takes away from a couple more serious moments. The other thing being that the rewind power causes some obvious loopholes, though I can forgive this because it's at the expense of a better gameplay experience. In all, no game has made me feel quite like Life is Strange has and I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great story experience."
,Recommended,319630,19814946,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,okpank,"The demo instantly hooked me! I bought it right away on Windows, even though I was gonna wait for the PS4 version I had originally told myself! Wow! Totally up my ally! The character design for Max (the main character) is perfect! Love the art direction as a whole! Story is actually very intriguing thus far! I just really really like this game! Play the demo if you even think you might be interested! The regular price of $19.99 for the complete game is such a steal compared to sixty dollars for other games I don't even play half the time! I'm super impressed by this game! I had heard about it only a month or so back, been following it since! Did not disappoint! This game easily deserves all the ""Best Game of the Year"" nominations or awards I keep coming across for it! And I'm not even 10% into it! I definitely want to keep playing! It sucks me in! Believe It!"
,Recommended,319630,19838107,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,{[AA]}Brostradamus,Oh my god this game has the feels. I finished this game in two days I was so hooked. This is a must-buy. Stayed up till 2am to finish it. Started episode one thinkin it was gonna be a good all high school but man this goes from 0 to 100 immediately.
,Recommended,319630,19839969,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Provencal le Gaulois,"It's just... hauntingly beautiful, from the story to the music, the well written characters, the cinematography. Lfie is Strange is perfect in every way, without a doubt GOTY for me. I haven't felt so implicated in a game's story since Silent Hill 2.If my cat died it would still give me less feelz than this game"
76561198019358670,Recommended,319630,19948607,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vuko,"I rarely see good story in games nowadays.This is surely a golden one! Damn, I wish I could totally wipe out my memories about this game and experience it fully again."
,Recommended,319630,19949846,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,langecrew,"This game is probably, no, is by far, the most phenomenal story driven game I've ever played.Nostalgic.  Surreal.  Excellent story.  Fantastic character development.  Insane plot twists.  Gut wrenching, difficult choices at times.  I cried, a lot, more than once.  If you play, and get into the characters and story, you will too.  Buy stock in Kleenex, and get a couple boxes while you're at it.  Unless you are heartless and evil, can't experience feels, or something.1000/10 would recommend.  Worth every penny, even if it cost thrice as much."
76561197961199979,Recommended,319630,19971753,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Schmurfy,"This game is damn impressive, they did what telltale started but never achieved way better (they even let us rebind keys where telltale still don't), in this game your choices makes a real differences and some consequences are... hard. The graphics are really good and the whole game is staged like a movie but without limiting the interactive experience and the rewind mechanic is not not just a gimmick but is a core mechanic, this is clear they thought about it when designing the game and it leads to awesome situations.On top of that the scenario itself is well fleshed out, what appears at first to be a mere slice of life of life turns into a complex explosive mix which would work itself as a standalone movie."
76561198084987264,Recommended,319630,19980888,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gandalf,"Abolutely incredible game. It isn't just a game, it's a work of art, an absolute masterpiece. Beautiful graphics, incredibly artsy, phenomenal atmosphere, fantastic story.... This game is a life experienceAs for getting the game, I'll let the comments speak for themselvesThanks for the recomendation Rose,even though I never had the balls to say it, I love you"
,Recommended,319630,20050162,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Retsnom Kcor,Holy Hell what a ride that was
,Recommended,319630,22259942,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Anna,"It was quite a ride, but in the end left me satisfied.It has a tendency to have really bad freeze ups, but these only happened twice in the entire playthrough, usually at intros.Gameplay wise, LiS is a story-based adventure game with a time-rewind mechanic that is involved in the plot. You get lots and lots of little choices that don't affect the ultimate outcome (Binary choice of the ending, but I feel it fits), but seem to affect whether the character likes you or listens to you later on.I do agree with the other reviewers that Chapter 5 is a bit... bit of a letdown, but as someone coming into the game once all chapters have been released I didn't find it nearly as bad."
76561198006699473,Recommended,319630,24558486,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Slater,"I came into this game fully expecting to not like it at all. I mean, teenage drama, point and click adventure with more talking than action, the protagonist was an annoying little drama queen with a permanent sad face... all things I would usually hate. But somehow - and don't ask me how - it just works, and I have to say this is one of my favourite games in a long time. I'm only sad it's so short and that I can never experience that first play-through again."
76561198041442601,Recommended,319630,25135155,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Craptacular,What an amazing game.
,Recommended,319630,25767490,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tenchimuyo1990,"Yes, Yes, and Yes. I loved this game. It's beautiful. Buy it, don't regret it. *this review will before all episodes*Pros:The writing is beautifulThe acting is pretty strongThe music is enjoyable and sets the mood nicelyMultiple choices through out the game and after each chapter you can compare with what everyone else has done/what your friends have done/and what you have done.Fun and enjoyable rewind mechanicFully developed charactersSocial issues are prevalent in the gamecontroller compatibility allows you to lean back and enjoy as the story unfoldsCons; (my only cons are spoilers and were done by productions choice and I agree with their descision Major spoiler for bullet 2, bullet 1 not so muchOnly 1 choice strongly effects the ending, in the game chole says that no matter what your choices did matter because there is some timeline where you made that choiceYour final choice sucks. Some players wanted another ending, but the writers decided that a happy ending would devalue your final  choice as it's meant to be difficult for the player to chooseMay spiral depressionBuy it and love it."
,Recommended,319630,25884492,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gledster,"I thoroughly recommend this game. I've been playing adventure games since the early 90s when I was typing ""Examine room"" into the text area of Space Quest 1. As I've played adventure games over the years,  the (quite often) obscure puzzles frequently impeded the story and actual experience of the game. Some games I have just stopped playing as the puzzles were so frustrating.So it's no surprise that I'm finding this off-shoot of adventure games hugely satisfying to play. Life Is Strange is an outstanding example of how storytelling and characters can be developed in a modern computer game. The choices the game gives you throughout only have an impact if you care about the decisions you have to make. Thankfully, the developers have written and designed this game so well that I really did care. I agonised over some of the decisions and how they would unfold on the characters around me.This is all down to just how everything piceces together from the writing, to the character designs to the graphics and acting; Dontnod games just nailed the lot. I enjoyed exploring Arcadia Bay. As a matter of fact my only criticism is that I want to explore more of it!Life is Strange works best if you use a controller to move Max around the world but even if you're using mouse and keyboard the on-screen prompts that you use to interact with the world are seamless. Everything you need/can interact with is clearly highlighted meaning you're rarely hunting for things;  well, apart from that darned bottle puzzle...All I can finish with is you should treat yourself to Life Is Strange. Spend time in the world of Arcadia Bay: you'll make new friends; possibly make some enemies; you might even fall in love. One thing you won't be able to do once you've finished the game is forget it."
,Recommended,319630,26221651,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ＦＬＵＩ Ｄ -流体-,"Life is Strange is an interesting experience. It might not be for everyone, but it's worth a shot if you feel like taking a break from the typical heartpounding experiences most games tend to be today.If you're looking for a game you can bundle yourself up, with a nice hot beverage, and get comfortable. This is the game for you."
,Recommended,319630,26409120,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,grant.hetherington,"What an AMAZING game! Seriously. I'm in awe. It had a gret story line, great characters, great graphics and I especially loved that the story could go several different ways just by choosing something different! Honestly, I was completely immersed and continued to buy every chapter until the end! I WANT MORE!!!"
76561198048943495,Recommended,319630,27339645,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Punished Goose,Ep. 1 - What is this 91210 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Chloe.Ep. 2 - God damn it Chloe.Ep. 3 - Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it's getting serious Chloe.Ep. 4 - CHLOE PLZ.Ep. 5 - GOD DAMN IT CHLOE (ಥ_ಥ)
,Recommended,319630,25141451,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RydHood,"I have never had a game make me feel so positive about myself before tearing me down. Emotional and gripping, it's truly a masterpiece of a game and goes above the standard of most movies. Definitely a game to play."
76561198111654939,Recommended,319630,25333077,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ospond,"Just finished episode 5 and, wow. I highly recommend this game.Major strengths:Choices really do matter. Time manipulation is used to great effect. The story is compelling, believable, and emotionally taxing. Also, the music.Drawbacks:The lip movements are sometimes completely off. Occasionally, the dialogue was corny or less believable. Finally, I encountered a fairly serious bug during the game which you can read about here:https://steamcommunity.com/app/319630/discussions/1/618457398975751094/?ctp=3.If you encounter the bug, you have to go back to the last checkpoint which may be repeating as much as 10 minutes of playtime. So, it's a serious bug. To avoid it, don't hit space while replaying the bigger decisions.Choices matter""This decision will have consequences"" -- you get this message frequently, and then it is confirmed later on. In every episode there are 3-5 special, bigger choices. These are designed to be extremely difficult, and you're invested enough in the story to really care. The player base is often completely split on what they end up deciding.The fact that choices have consequences is a recurring theme, and is exploited for emotional impact, especially with the more powerful time manipulation that occurs in later episodes.Time manipulationAs it turns out, time manipulation combines very well with the choose-your-own-adventure paradigm. The limited rewind powers give you just enough freedom to satisfy your curiosity about what would have happened if you did something else, without requiring you to play through the whole game or episode again. Additionally, they give you more of a sense of control, and using them is often the only way to get past the various obstacles and situations you find yourself in.Compelling storyNo spoilers, but this game really affects you. Just get it."
,Recommended,319630,25337061,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Teddy Westside,I'm so ♥♥♥♥ed up right now. This is the most painfully beautiful game i've ever played..This is a once in a lifetime experience.
76561198024789900,Recommended,319630,25723012,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Art Blade,"EXCELLENTOne of the best and most immersive games I've ever played. It is rather emotional. And twisted.Replaying it is essential, otherwise you won't recover from the emptiness.. to cope with the void, having finished it, is hardest - at least when it's for the first time. (Of course it meant playing Ep 1 to Ep 5 -- you must not play just one Ep and are likely not going to, get all episodes at once)"
76561198046735529,Recommended,319630,25729700,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SilverChild,"so i just finished up the first playtrhough of this game... rest asure there is gonna be more than one here...never have i played a game i both loved and hated so much at the same time. It is a beautiful game, the music is great and welcome emotional rollercoaster... like i've been laughing, smiling and doing a lot of crying along this game..and more than that given it is a choice based game the game have some replayability. I am also absolutely amazed that this game actually manage to take me completely by surprise and even second guess my previous choices even when it was far far to late to change them.definetely worth the time.."
76561197994906148,Recommended,319630,25730202,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cueball,"This game is absolutely amazing. A lot of thought has been put into this game, and it really shows. The storyline is so feature rich and immersive, it just pulls you into the game completely.  The charcters are so well written, all with their different personalities and emotions, it's incredible how the developers pieced this all together so perfectly. The artwork the design of the characters, it's superb. You get moments in game where there is pause for thought, with awesome accustic guitar playing in the background, really works very well. I've nearly finished this game, I just can't stop playing it. If you enjoy a great story line, a bit of puzzle thinking, nothing too difficult and immersive gameplay. Then this is the game for you. If there are any other games like this written and developed by the same people, please let me know. This game is worth every penny. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,319630,25761920,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FallenAngel,This is my first review. I loved this game. The season gets more emotional the further in you play. By the end of Season 1 I felt really attached to all the characters. It is a really good story with a great gameplay mechanic. I recommend for fans of the Walking Dead game's character choice mechanic. Your choices matter and affect the way other characters react to you.
,Recommended,319630,25806443,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,blue boi,The first episode was great. I love the characters. I love the story. I started playing it again last night. It was hard so I had to watch a let's play lol. My favorite part in the episode is when you save Chloe. It took me a while. It is like beyond two souls and heavy rain. There is alot of mystery in the game. I totally recommend this game.
76561198197077493,Recommended,319630,25833951,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TaylorDay,"Very, very, emotional game. I Loved it, and I hated it. So many feels and I cried like a baby. Very story rich and overall a very good game. Would reccomend to anyone."
76561198003175671,Recommended,319630,25841079,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Maverick,"I bought this game based on the overwhelming reviews here, I wanted to know what all the fuzz was about.So after playing the first episode for free I was immediately hooked by the concept of reversing time, chaos theory, butterfly effect etc. I really love movies like Back to the Future and .. ofcourse the Butterfly Effect. I'd like to think this game is a heavy tie-in between those movies packed in a beautiful story involving hard choices. Like in the Butterfly Effect these choices can sometimes create heart breaking alternate realities. Without spoiling to much, you should absolutely play this game if you love the movies I mentioned. Trust me, play it."
76561198008448899,Recommended,319630,25841371,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Graham Cracker,"For me this game was a very emotional story and a beautiful one. It moved me like a good book or movie would. It had some minor bugs one of which was somewhat of a mood killer, but I'm not sure if they will happen on your playthrough. Doesn't hurt to try the first free episode if you are not tight on time!"
76561197984305886,Recommended,319630,25918646,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Koloki,"If someone ever tells you a game can't tell a profund and powerful story, can't have complex and rich character.If someone ever tells you a game can't explore social issues, themes of life, death, responsability and personal growth.If someone ever tells you a game can't make you think, smile and cry.Show them Life is Strange"
76561198049027151,Recommended,319630,25928015,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,janwil,"I got the 1st episode on a free offer and enjoyed it very much, so buying the remaining 4 episodes was a natural thing to do. And I do not regret spending that money -- the graphics was lovely, characters were very well crafted, the plot had great twists and made you thinking about life. The puzzles were fun to work through and the soundtrack is one of the greatest I've heard in games. Maybe the only thing I did not like so much was the very end of the last episode that was somewhat detached from the storyline, but all in all -- great game and excellent value for money. Get it and enjoy a new generation of storytelling!"
,Recommended,319630,25952172,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,grzywa,"It's not a game. It's an experience.I'd love to forget it and jut play it all over once again, without knowing what happens next."
76561198041868220,Recommended,319630,25970513,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Emraldz59,This game had a slow start but after episode 2 my emotions went on a roller coaster ride. The ending was also amazing and leaves you with a sort of feeling where you know you enjoyed the game a lot but at the same time have a sort of hate of the game. 10/10 would suffer/enjoy again some time in the future.
,Recommended,319630,25971477,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Simon,"Imagine a television show. The season starts off slow, characters and locations are established and the premise of the show explained. This is what Life is Strange does here. We're introduced to Max, the protagonist/player character, the world she inhabits and the people in her life. From there we learn of her time powers and the impending disaster that is about to befall Arcadia.Once things have been established however, then the fun stuff begins as the game explores the effects time manipulation as well as telling the story of Max and how she deals with what life can throw at her during rollercoaster of a week.The games story unfolds depending on who Max interacts with and how she responds to them. Choices are made through natural conversation and through Max's actions rather than on screen button prompts that decide what comes next, although there are some of those too.In keeping with the television series theme, each episode features a 'previously on' section. Although in my play through these were general and didn't highlight any choices I had made beforehand.Technically the game ran flawlessly for me with no crashes or stuttering on my i5 3570k, 8gb ram and gtx 970. However one thing to note is while gameplay ran at 60fps, there are a large number of pre-rendered cutscenes which ran at 30fps and I personally found that to be a little jarring.That said I highly recommend this game as even if episode 1 was a little slow, the game really picks up later on and even made me cry at points. An adventure in time and space that is not to be missed."
76561197990702819,Recommended,319630,25973269,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dalek Khan,Excellent in every way. To many “pro's” to list. The only negative I could possible pick on is I didn't like not being able to save in the middle of an area. It saves as you progress. Which when you need to get off in a pinch you will have to repeat a little later. That's the worst I could say. I highly recommend this game. 10/10
,Recommended,319630,25975277,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bombraker (Midas),"$20? It is worth $60! Maybe more!I cannot recommend this game enough. It is a masterpiece.Never has a game hit so many emotional strings- The story is amazing. It makes you think, and feel.- The characters are believable and relatable. Nice down to earth, chill characters.- The music is spot on.- The sound design and atmosphere are amazing.- The gameplay is easy yet very redeeming.The first chapter is free, and I highly recommend you play it. You'll get hooked (sorry about that!)Get this game, you won't regret it! Promise."
,Recommended,319630,25975330,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Potato Harvey,The best game I have ever played! Trust me when I say this YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME! It's so good the storyline is good the gameplay is always fun. Plus unlike Telltale Games' this one actually depends on your choices! Its a must play game unlike any other. So inspiring. Please support this game and maybe a sequel by buying it! If you don't believe me then  download the first episode free!
76561198078932442,Recommended,319630,25987530,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Duskstrider,"This is an odd game. By no means is it perfect: the dialogue is poor in places (especially episode 1, which was an absolute chore to play) and there are some strange little quirks with the controls, and yet it is just plain incredible. If you can struggle past episode 1, it gets so dark, so sad, so real all at once and will leave you in pieces by the time the end credits roll. This game broke my heart, and I love it for it. £16 is an absolute steal for an experience like this."
,Recommended,319630,26205033,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Evan!,"Looking back...After episode 1, I was intrigued.After epidose 2, I was emotionally invested in the story.At the end of episode 3, my heart was racing, but I was hopeful for Max & Chloe.By the time I finished episode 4, I was frustrated & sad about everything that had happened.When episode 5's credits finally rolled, I was wiping half-dried tears from my cheeks.I came for the gameplay, but Istayedfor the story. Someday, I'll introduce this gem to my kid..."
76561198141219104,Recommended,319630,26208041,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Alexander G,"(Contains spoilers and whole game review)This is a really amazing game.  Great artwork and story line. One of the things I enjoyed about playing is you do not always get the choices you want.  There were a couple of times where I did my best to make one thing happen, and I would make the inccorect choice that it would not let me redo.  Well worth the price in game play time."
,Recommended,319630,26208458,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tuzeeky,This game is WAY BEYOND a high school girl walking simulator. The story is amazing and emotionaly intensive. Best game of this kind I've played.
76561198137760167,Recommended,319630,26222784,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RPGnosh,"Amazing story. Keeps you coming back for more. Luckily I played it after all the episodes were out because I do not know what I would have done if I had to wait each time. The inclusion of the rewind feature is awesome. The graphics seem just right for the style. Does a great job of making you care about the characters (love ya chloe!). It racks your mind though because you second guess basically everything you do. Even though it doesn't seem like it at first, it is a darker storyline so be weary of letting younger gamers play it. That ending though. Just...prepare for a feels train to run you over. Highly recommended. Definitely worth up to $40.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fVQjRxZtWA&list=PLk7gX_DRt96Zs2_0b90fGFAuiSyV2RM-9"
76561198076281360,Recommended,319630,26224456,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,MissConduct,"This is the most heart-wrenching story I have ever had the prvilege to be a part of, and so immersive I felt every choice personally. The plot is moving and fascinating and really keeps you guessing. The soundtrack perfectly complements the game, and combined with the beautiful graphics, makes the entire experience incredibly ambient, and at times relaxing (though not for long). The amount of detail in the game is admirable, and gameply is engaging despite the sometimes lengthy cutscenes and relatively simple interactive controls. I have nothing bad to say about this game other than at times, the story and imagery was rather confronting and potentially upsetting for some players. That's not to say it wasn't great storytelling, just that it gets quite heavy at a lot of points. All up, I loved this game, and was (and still am, and probably will be for a long time) deeply invested in Max and Chloe's story. It was a joy to play and has left a lasting impact, which is something I cannot say of many games. This is without a doubt the best story-based game I have ever played and I would whole-heartedly recommend it."
76561198038889472,Recommended,319630,26248968,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,B.,"This game is f*****g atmospheric. You are living with Maxine. You can feel every her step, every her percept. Together with great story and excellent soundtrack, you have to enjoy the game.Game has only one negative. Its length. Otherwise, this is one of the best game projects."
76561198058818375,Recommended,319630,26410809,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RawrSomeGuy,"If your looking for a game to really tug on your heart strings and let them rip across your body at the most awful of times; well than this is your game. This game is amazing and I am planning on playing it again, my first run through took 18.3 hours to compleate and I did it all in one solid go. To be honest if had had to work that day I would of been fired because I wouldn't of come in. The time literally flew over my head, but I don't regreat it. This was a great purchase and highly recommended."
,Recommended,319630,26412082,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lunar Vitae,"If the near60 THOUSAND(as of this review) Overwhelmingly Positive reviews aren't enough to persuade you to play Life Is Strange, you should read some of them. There's a very good reason this game was nominated for and won so many different awards, and has such a devout following.Life Is Strange is so different, so unique, something completely separate from many other games. It is very personal and relatable, with a story that just keeps on going. It doesn't care that you might be feeling down (or riding a high from accomplishment) about a recent event; the story marches on, much like life itself. The question is, can you keep life in check, or will it sweep you away into a situation you can't control?As for my personal experience with the game ... I've never experienced such a roller coaster of emotions, not the least of which included being moved to tears multiple times. And that's putting it lightly."
76561198157515953,Recommended,319630,27346778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PimpKun,I'm still trying to decide whether I just finished a game or watched a movie but it's amazing all the same. A fantastic ride with plenty of feels along the way. 10/10
76561198042781925,Recommended,319630,27350578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AussieSpikes,"This game is just hands down an amazing game that will always be in my heart. The story, music, voice acting even the art style is just outstanding. If you haven't played this game or haven't seen it being played. Please play it, put some headphones on and go on this wild story blind. It will make everything a million times better. 10/10 will cry again"
76561197980771274,Recommended,319630,27553349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rubenfrin,"Just beautiful. A masterpiece in all senses. Great storytelling, awsome music, narrative, gameplay. Yes, I cried too."
,Recommended,319630,28081522,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,reyalP,"I'm typically person who plays FPS and competitive games like CSGO, Overwatch, and Rocket League, but this game is dope af!  Story was dope and the mechanics of the game are dope.  11/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,319630,28087190,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Omnomnompie,"I never would have even bothered picking this game up because it just doesn't seem like ""my kind of game"", however I got the first episode for free, and was absolutely hooked and immediately bought the other four chapters. This is the best game I've played in a long time, and I would absolutely recommend this to everyone, regardless of the genres you usually go for.Life is Strange really makes you actually feel invested in the story and the characters; I finished episode 4 at night, then spent all day at work the next day thinking about coming home to finish the last chapter and see what happens. I don't think any game has actually ever sucked me in to that extent before.11/10: would shed manly tears again"
,Recommended,319630,28087265,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ignitedstar,Wasn't just a game to me. Was an experience. Glad to have been there.
,Recommended,319630,28122466,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Lyvelon,"This is the first graphic adventure I play, and I am loving it. I'm also replaying each episode to discover alternative futures and I'm discovering new details each time, so take attention while you play!"
,Recommended,319630,28126885,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Filoja0© (SK) - Badgecrafter,Best gme i have EVER played. Best and saddest story. Nice
,Recommended,319630,28130062,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Eneder,"I don't know how I can explain this game to someone.You can compare it to Telltale's story-based style, but it feels like more than that.I've enjoyed numerous games for tremendous stories, but this one might have just stolen the cake."
,Recommended,319630,28130084,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,i.like.donuts,This is the best game I played in my whole life!  I wish I could just go back in time like Max but only that I dont remember anything and play the game again! 12/10  this game was just.... I cant even describe it! First tell a tale I play by myself and it is just epic! gawd need to play more games like this!
,Recommended,319630,28130637,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Black Marmot,"just finished the game.... sincerely i did not think i would be so afected by this game, but in the end i could not help but be sad at the end of the story. i recommend this game to everyone looking for a good story."
76561198314308081,Recommended,319630,28137682,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,i_am_the_flash9,"I LOVE THIS GAME. Amazing story line, amazing graphics, amazing blend of scientific and supernatural concepts; everything a gamer could ask for! I cried at the end of the game and i'd give this game a 11/10. This game is worth your money. Please buy it! (I also developed a crush on Max. ;) )"
