user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,319740,16820085,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","I really wanted to like this game, because I loved Sequence (which is now renamed Before the Echo) and I learned that this game is a continuation of it. I had heard that you could play the game with a mouse if you didn't want to use the game's voice commands, and so I decided to try it out, but I wanted to give the voice commands a fair chance anyways. On a technical level, they work fine, and the game never had any trouble recognizing my voice, but they just don't add anything to the gameplay. There are a limited number of phrases that you use and most of the gameplay is just directing your squad members to the right designated points on the map and letting them do their thing, and even with the option of being able to swap out the game's default phrases and words with custom ones I never felt like I was actually talking to a squad because the technology just isn't there for it to be able to recognize anything more than the handful of preset phrases that you'll recite over and over throughout the game. The natural assumption would be to just switch to mouse controls, as I did, but you don't have to play for more than a few seconds to see just how awful it is. Instead of having a traditional point-and-click interface, you play the game by holding the right mouse button to bring up a contextual wheel with various orders on it to emulate the lines you give to your squad when using the voice commands, and it's a massive pain to use in the middle of gameplay. If you have to shoot a particular person for a mission, for example, in order to shoot them with the mouse controls you have to hover over them, hold the right mouse button, and search for the ""target unit x"" option, instead of just clicking on them like most games. In a turn-based game this would be fine, but in a real-time game it's counter-intuitive and makes the game a chore to play.The story is still there, so if you really liked Sequence/Beyond the Echo like I did and this game goes down on sale enough it might be worth checking out just to see the story (though the game is pretty short, so you may want to wait for a particularly deep sale), but overall this game is just another example of ""if it isn't broke, don't fix it""."
76561198007091223,Not Recommended,319740,14693311,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,edgy.rhinx,"The game will not recognize non-native speakers.I speak English daily at work and people seem to be ok with it. I also know for a fact that my mic is fine, as I raid in Warcraft. So I am confident that I sound LOUD AND CLEAR, but apparently not for this game.Moreover, the game is full of bugs. For example, on the very first mission in the kid's house the command menu just disappeared. I spent a couple of minutes clicking everything and going to main menu, but the command circle never came back up.The game is unistalled from my PC. One of those games which you pay for, but cannot even play. I say I was duped."
,Not Recommended,319740,19428454,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Commander Gucci,"I'm going to ask you to take my review of There Came An Echo (review? Can I call it that?) with a grain of salt because the vast majority of my complaints lie with the control system and not the actual game itself. My voice works spectacularly well in some games (Binary Domain, In Verbis Vertus as some examples) and I do not possess an ""accent"". For reference, I am an American (USA).There Came An Echo is a intelligently designed game that focuses around a group of well designed characters, with excellent voice acting and strong, individual personalities. Nobody in this game is cookie cutter. In fact, Yuri Lowenthal voices a character in the game and I didn't recognize that it was Yuri Lowenthal. That might resonate with you, maybe not. Anyway.PAUSESorry, the review just paused itself as I was writing it, maybe I breathed too heavy into the micPAUSEOkay so maybe I can get to the point. There Came An Echo uses some very interesting tactical gameplay mechanics. In forcing you to not be able to pause every decision you make is on the fly. There are a few missions in which the game implements a timer button that you have to keep track of and interact with before it hits 0. You cannot pause to remind yourself how much time you have left, you just have to keep pushing forward. There are several interesting weapon mechanics. The Screw weapon will suppress the enemy, preventing him from using his special weapon allowing your teammates to flank or use their special weapons. The Charge is a grenade, allowing you to take out groups of enemies with ease. The sniper rifle offers high damage so long as the user can fire uninterrupted - any weapon fire will stall a sniper shot, not just the Screw. However.All of this is marred by an absolutely abysmal control scheme. Despite my best efforts, voice commands worked only about 40-50% of the time. And yes, while mouse controls are an option, they also are equally frustrating as they rely heavily on contextual actions. Right clicking in any RTS would command your unit to an area. In TCAE, right clicking will sometimes direct characters to what you want them to do. Most of the time this is when you click on a Phonetic Area, Alpha 1 and Foxtrot 6 as it were. You cannot direct your units to locations other than predetermined areas. This allows for a much more streamlined tactical experience as flanking positions are highlighted for you, and your units will outright refuse to perform stupid / risky maneuvers such as charging headfirst into an occupied enemy positon.The rest of the time you click, a contextual menu opens up. Now, if you were right clicking on an enemy in an effort to target him, woops you just accidently wasted one of your battery packs, used to refill your energy which is used for both health and ammunition. Often times the contextual menu is difficult to close, which is frustrating in a game where you cannot pause to determine actions. Additionally, every single action you choose to order for your units via the mouse is called out by Val, your secondary entity who offers Intel support and direction for your team throughout the story. How irritated you are with Val telling you ""You're too loud, your squad can't hear you"" (occupying valuable time you could be delivering orders) or ""They aren't conscious, Sam"" which makes no sense, is entirely dependant on how well your headset / mic and your voice operating on the game works for you. I hated her by the end of the game more than the antagonists.Finally, we come to my last and final determination on why I don't think There Came An Echo is worth playing. In a game such as this, where the plot drives the game forward, immersion is key. Ignoring every gripe I had with the combat which despite being frustrating, was fluid when it worked and actually fairly satisfying. In the last moment of the game, it took me six separate tries to speak the words asked of me by the characters in the game to finish the game. My immersion has never been so shattered in a game before this one. Every single time you try to order a character and it doesn't work, and that character gets themself killed either because they misheard you or the mouse commands failed, it breaks my immersion with the game. This game left me more frustrated than satisfied, and not in the ""It's Dark Souls hard"" kind of way.As I stated in the beginning, take this review with a grain of salt. I will give you some of the salt that this game gave to me to do so. If, by some fateful chance, you manage to operate the game at 100% efficiency with your voice, I'd imagine that you would have an enjoyable time with the tactical gameplay and, presuming that the plot is your cup of tea, you will enjoy the ride. Personally, I could not, and so I cannot recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,319740,14646040,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,GipsyDanger,"Pros:Fun when it works. amd it makes you feel awesomeStressful giving ordersCool Cyberpunk kinda of feelWil Wheaton - speaking of which all the voice actors were goodInteresting gameCons:Voice Reconition doesn't always worksBugs: Open up a save game and the loadout screen will only give me Corrin and MirandaNow I really do like this game, but I wanted to say ""No"" this game only to warn other people from buying this game. That is because the Voice Reconition didn't work for me first try and I mean first try. The game couldn't understand I said ""Yes"" or ""Affirmative"" or ""Mark"" for awhile. I really wish the game had a Calibration for you voice. The game pretty much wings that lol. The only thing it calibrates is the voice sensitivity which I feel like the game developers should have figured out a better calibration. That is my main issue. The cost of the game will be worth it if you had no problems with your voice commands. I would personally want more gameplay more story.If I had to recomend to the developers is make a demo version of There Came of Echo.  That reason would be so other fellow gamers will play the demo and test out there mic. Also make a better voice calibration.In the end should you buy it? If you think you have a good mic then yes, if you don't then no. You can play with out a mic but its not worth it."
76561198008019227,Not Recommended,319740,14672664,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,gyzbug,"A voice command based game with potential, but technically fails due to a lack of proper RTS keyboard and mouse controls.  Speech controls are nice but denying people with accents or disabilities does not make sence.  You cant even play if you are in a noisy house.  Somebody rings the doorbell or your phone rings and your characters stop to tell you to no yell at them.  Characters not responding, and being unable to group commands kills the game.  Activating commands are not allowed during any moment the characters are talking but you are still taking damage and unable to recharge.  Also activating commands during transitions can cause the game to crash and/or corupt saves.  This is also another game where the Devs are closing threads for damage control.  I cant see how it was released in this state after all the huge reviews it got about its flawless performance from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,319740,14646837,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"This game really needs a custom voice command set. As in you should be able to record your own voice for commands, which would make it possible to play in any language even if you don't speak English. I couldn't even get them to move consistently because I do not have any of the listed accents... No, I do not recommend this game. Solely on the basis that it doesn't have recordable commands and rebindable keys. This is definitely not a PC game...Edit: I've now spent an hour on the war room and haven't been able to get ten percent of my commands through. I want to play this game so bad but I really don't want to use the keyboard and mouse...P.S. To all the people who have downvoted this review; my speech gets recognized on many voice recognition softwares, including Rosetta Stone and Duolingo. This game however is really bad at it. I have no idea why and I can't get it to recognize me consistently."
,Recommended,319740,16823688,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Meteorain,"Very surprised by how well the voice commands work. Ok there are times when I find myself repeating orders (In that time, I've already died). Other than that, a really good game with an intruguing story."
,Not Recommended,319740,14984114,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cadrid,"There are a few glaring issues with ""There Came An Echo"".First and foremost the voice recognition is *very* hit or miss; I couldn't even control Syll until I made him ""Sam"" because apparently saying ""sill"" in a non-regional American accent is unintelligible. There were times I would tell Syll to do something and Miranda (or ""My"" as I named her) would swap weapons or run to hard points.Secondly, the in-game cutscenes aren't just unskippable, they take the camera hostage and throw you into the action without notice. This would be fine if it were simply added for dramatic effect, but your team is taking damage and it doesn't zoom back out or tell you that you're *actually* in a battle. Even ignoring the game's bland art assets and scene settings this was poor design.Thirdly, the story and voices are duller than a Playdoh spoon. I'm not saying the script writers and voice actors *literally* phoned it in, but they sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥did metaphorically speaking. The only characters that have any actual ""character"" are Val and Miranda, but even then it's glaringly obvious there was direction or inspiration given to their respective voice actors.Lastly, while I was playing the game in English I came to a point where a countdown might compromise the mission unless I said ""Anular"". After saying a combination of ""anular/Grace go to anular/team anular"" etc. a few dozen times I figured I must be pronouncing it incorrectly. No, it turns out ""anular"" is the game's Spanish equivalent of ""Activate Override"". Is it a nitpicky point? Yup. Was it also an incredibly irritating and stupid oversight? You betcha.I'd love to see more voice-controlled games in the future, but this simply falls short in every regard apart from the novelty are attempting it."
,Not Recommended,319740,14651194,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Holly King,"Okay, first of all, this is not like Shadowrun or Fallout or any other isometric game it kinda looks like.  There's some light tactics to the combat, but nothing brain melting.  More important to your decision to buy this thing is whether the game is good and works as intended.  Spoiler alert, nope on both counts.This is kind of a weird, gimmick heavy game that doesn't do what the genre at its core is loved for.  It operates mostly on voice commands, but you can't guarantee that any one directive will be clearly heard and understood by the game, and in the context of a time sensitive situation, you'll likely find yourself getting screwed over by wonky game mechanics again and again.  Or you can do everything right, be heard completely clearly, and just get wrecked thanks to imbalanced, RNG heavy real time combat.What I played of the story was okay, the voice acting was really good, I love Laura Bailey to death.  I also played a bit of Sequence, the developer's previous game, and there were some similarities in the writing and tone.  They're going for sarcastic and witty with their characters, but often hit closer to obnoxious and bratty.But more importantly, the game's just not fun, so don't buy it."
,Recommended,319740,30604843,Posted: 18 March,all,Talarian,"I've played through the entire game about 4 times and I love it immensely. The voice controls generally work about 97% of the time for me (only one character, Syll, gives it trouble semi-regularly). If you enuciate, differentiate your commands with a pause, and use a headset, it works extremely well. That said, in the heat of battle sometimes it's hard to remember to enunciate and pause for breath :PThe story is definitely a thinker; great introspection material here. The characters are well done, even the characters you want to hate, and moral gray areas abound. Some phenom voice talent as well. The soundtrack? I listen to it outside the game all the time. Ronald Jenkees and Great Big Circles areamazing.The graphics aren't fantastic, but they're pretty damn good for an indie game of this caliber. The tactical combat isn't super deep, but frankly, with voice controls and the learning curve around them, I wouldn't expect it to be too crazy. It is short, ~3 hours of gameplay + story for the campaign, which for me was just about right I think, but for some folks that may be too short of an experience.As a WoW raid leader, I felt like I was directing my raiders around the battlefield. It's a familiar feeling in that respect, but it's definitely a novel experience in a standalone video game form."
76561198080647536,Not Recommended,319740,14652291,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JohnPodesta,"Like every voice recognition software ever... buggy, unpredictable, unresponsive...Couldn't even finish the first mission.There is no voice calibration possible at all, you can chose between 3 volumes and some presets (american/british/Indian english) but thats it.I'll keep trying and update my review. But for now, I can only recommend anyone to stay away from this mess!"
76561198009151053,Recommended,319740,16489739,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Palantheir,"Long story short, this game is really damn amazing. Between the voice controls and art style to the story and music/voice-over, this game is a prime example of what games could become. Granted, Binanry Domain tried this first, but There came an echo refined this technology to the point where it is rather usable instead of just shouting into the Microphone. It is no where near perfect, but it is damn close. Combined with the ability to create your own voice commands, this game can be either Highly customizable to the point where you just want to say ""SHUT UP, WESLEY!"" for every action in-gameVoice acting in this game is rather well done. With such talent as Ashly Burch and Wil Wheaton in the cast, you come out with characters that almost seem like they could be people you meet up on in real life(barring a few acceptions).  With the combination of background music made by Big Giant Circles and Ronald Jenkees, It can really get your Blood flowing.With that being said, It is by no means perfect. As I stated before, Voice commands are no-where near perfect but the technology can be improved by either upgrading you microphone or creating your own commands. There are times when the camera is wrestled away from you and you can't see what the hell you are doing but those moments are far and few between. Voice acting at times can feel hammy but, again, I feel those moments are far and few between. The BIGGEST concern is that this game feels a bit short. With only Ten missions to go on, It feels that a lot was cut from the game.All in all, Not perfect, still great, kinda hoping that there is a sequel or DLC."
,Recommended,319740,21484101,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Review: There Came An Echo. An Imperfect But Enjoyable Attempt At Pushing Barriers.Genre: Narrative Driven Voice-Controlled Isometric Squad Based Tactical Shooter.Developed & Published by: Iridium StudiosPlatform: Windows onlyBusiness Model: Single Purchase + Optional Extras DLCCopy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged review on A Paladin Without A Crusade.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsThere Came An Echo is a squad based tactics game where the main gimmick is about controlling them with your own vocal commands. This three hour long campaign is fully voice acted and narrative driven. There’s really no reason to play it more than once so you’ll probably just get the three hours out of it. Still, I think it’s worth the asking and time price.  There’s also a simple battle arena for testing out the voice commands but that’s it as far as extra modes are concerned.Voice Command System and Strategy TalkThe voice command system is a pretty neat and certainly one of the better ones I’ve ever encountered. Being a tactical strategy game, you’ll have a depth of commands including moving units to certain spots on the maps, switching to one of three weapons and so on. There are even alternate commands and you can choose a single custom command for every character and action if you wish. However, it has it’s limits. You have to say the order the command phrase in the right way or it won’t acknowledge it. If you say the wrong thing or misstate an order, it doesn’t adaptively listen for the screw up. As such, it makes cancelling orders hit and miss. As far as responding to my voice, I’d say it did a reasonable job. I find that most voice recognition software has some difficulty understanding my voice due to how deep it is and my unfortunate ability to screw up phrases. However, I’m an Western Oregon accented male voice. It claims in the options menu it can handle different languages such as English in the UK, Australia and Canada all the way to Russian, Chinese and Japanese. But I don’t have any way of testing this. So, your mileage may vary. I haven’t seen or read any widespread complaints about it not handling other languages or accents, yet. If There Came An Echo does have problems understanding your voice, it’s entirely optional. You can control the game with mouse and keyboard but it’s definitely a lesser experience.Narrative Discussion (Spoilers)I don’t really know how I feel about the story. There’s a part of me that likes it. Likes that it was a sequel to the events of Before the Echo and that we get to see what happens with those characters. But then there’s the part that looks at the story and thinks it’s a bit of a jumbled and slightly rushed mess. It’s entertaining enough when you experience it for the first time but examining what the heck went on creates a lot of questions that aren’t answered. I’m not even really sure what the moral of the story is, but I guess that’s not surprising as Before the Echo’s moral point was pretty murky as well.PC Settings & Audio/VideoThere Came An Echo comes with a good selection of PC options. Graphic options include screen resolutions up to 2715×1527 on my 16:9 monitor. Windowed mode is on/off (no borderless), V-Sync on/off, anti-aliasing 2-8X MSAA, Lights on/off and shadows low, med and high. There’s a setting for enabling 30FPS lock if you’re finding the framerate isn’t staying consistent. I can’t see any video settings that are missing. What few keys there are for this game can’t be rebound but it supports keyboard + mouse, PS4 and Xbox controllers. It also includes four separate audio sliders for master, effects, music and voice volumes. Voice sensitivity and language can also be changed here. There are some miscellaneous options for voice control including push to talk, sound dampen and so on.The game is rather draining on resources I noticed which I found to be rather surprising. So, you may have to set some of the graphical options down depending on your setup. Most likely the Anti-aliasing setting. I didn’t experience any crashes or glitches during my playthrough. It has integration with Intel Realsense but I don’t own anything to test out that technology.Visually, the game has a colorful yet realistic Sci-Fi look to it. The colors on some levels can get rather overwhelming when there’s firefights going on but it otherwise looks consistent. The character models are pretty decently well detailed but the lip flaps don’t sync up with the talking. Overall, it looks good and consistent with the theme it has. The music is simply awesome. I had picked up the album on Bandcamp long before I had a chance to tackle the game and it’s great to listen to. It’s some of the best work Big Giant Circles, Malukah and Ronald Jenkees have ever done. Which is saying a lot considering their previous work. I could go on for hours how awesome it is to listen to but I won’t. Suffice it to say, it’s definitely one of my favorite videogame soundtracks of all time.Final ThoughtsThere Came An Echo would be a threadbare tactics title if it didn’t have the voice command system. Instead, the gimmick makes the game worthy of your attention if for no other reason than it’s cool. Is it perfect? No, but it worked rather well for me and it was enjoyable ordering units around. Even if the strategy isn’t that deep, it’s deep enough to keep things interesting. I don’t really know how I feel about the story overall. I think it’s got enjoyable aspects to it such as the characters and the themes it attempts to present. But the short runtime and messy storytelling makes for a jumbled delivery. Still, I think it’s worth checking out.A Paladin's Review: Before The Echo. The previous entry in the Echo series.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
76561198079169593,Recommended,319740,16817984,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Podsi,"First things first, sorry for my bad English. I'm not native speaker ;)This game was in my wishlist for some time. Today (06/30/2015), I saw it was on sale and I had to take a look. Guys! I bought it! And I found the game to be very immersive, lots of action, funny, great story and development, nice jokes and references/easter eggs, smooth well optimized graphics, engaging soundtrack. The characters are crazy, lol. They talk to you and in this game YOU talk to them :D. The concept is great. Even if you don't have a microphone, mouse and keyboard do the trick very well. It has subtitles. And (surprise!) I could install and run this game on a 32 bits Windows 8.1 OS flawlessly.Regarding to OST, when I saw ""Additional vocals by Malukah (Judith de los Santos)"", the mouse pointer was instantly moved to ""add to cart"" button.For the ones who (yet) don't know Malukah's works (Skyrim, Halo 4, Mass Effect,  Call of Duty: Black Ops II, The Banner Saga, for example), Google it. You won't regret.Devs: THANK YOU FOR THIS INNOVATIVE FUNNY AWESOME GAME!It is way beyond my expectations!"
76561197987790383,Recommended,319740,15484431,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Endeavor,A thoroughly enjoyable tactics game with great gameplay and a solid voice acting cast.  Check out my full video review!https://youtu.be/4fCdUoL-NLU
76561197970534866,Recommended,319740,14656130,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Maladapted,"I'll start by saying this game is awesome. Awesome means to inspire awe, and the fact that I did 95% of the control with my voice was just that. It's good. You get pretty fast at it, which is good, because combat ramps up fairly quickly.There Came an Echo has a fantastic voice cast. Wil Wheaton was good and hammed up up a little, but that's okay. Dramatic scenes call for a little melodrama. Laura Bailey is one of my favorite voice actresses. Period. And she kills it in this. The combat never loses track of the story, and if your crew seems a bit willing to go along with questionable activities... just remember people are trying to kill them.Finally, a big kudos to Iridium for being responsive during launch. There were some bugs with microphone volume and the system forgetting to listen to you. Those got fixed (for me) the first night. You guys are great and you deserve all the support in the world.ProsVoice input system!Enjoyable voice acting.Great soundtrack.Clever level design with mechanics that aren't just ""kill everyone"".Developers were actively involved and interested in making sure everyone has a good play experience.ConsI had to wait one night for a patch. Oh lordy. ;)I could have played another 40 hours of this game but beat it in a little under 5 hours."
,Recommended,319740,22225650,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TacticalGibbon,"The game's concept is intresting and like a dream come true, (to be able to command a team with my voice) however you need a good microphone for it to actually work because if you dont it is really infuriating and unplayable."
,Recommended,319740,33111032,Posted: 1 July,all,Elderun,"Fantastic game featuring an engaging story that has my mind pondering the ideals from the game.    It's a short game, with about 6-7 hours of play time if you go at a slow pace.  The voice acting is superb and the graphics are just right for what is necessary to tell the story.   The voice commands work better than any other voice recognition software I have ever used.  I rarely had to repeat myself, just remember....   Don't yell!I highly recommend this game, especially if you can grab it on a steam sale."
,Recommended,319740,34743122,Posted: 4 September,all,drone110266,Great game. The story was really well written and the voice acting was very good. Kinda short but well worth the money. The voice recognition was really impressive too.
,Recommended,319740,32018158,Posted: 28 May,all,Edorian,"Even a while after the release the control mechanism still felt incredibly innovative and surprisingly responsive.The story is a bit drawn out and shallow, but the longer breaks between the gameplay make the missions feel impactful.I'd recommend playing this purely on the mechanics alone, but the story and framing make it an excellent, well-rounded experience.With 3-4 hours of playtime to finish the campaign, it's on the shorter side, but if once gets really hooked on the gameplay it holds quite a bit more in the optional ""just play some fights"" mode. I was quite happy with the length, and I'd rather not have games just drag on and outstay their welcome.Playing this game was a great ride. If you have a headset and want something different and new, give this one a go."
,Recommended,319740,14656198,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ExoSaint,Who doesn't like yelling at Wil Wheaton?
76561198004391513,Recommended,319740,14764160,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Rivenris,"Short, yet very satisfying. I do count on devs releasing more content and/or next games since for me it was a blast. I need more of this cool stuff - there is nothing more satisfying than giving your orders to soldiers in the middle of the battle like in movies.Since I am not native English speaker I had to learn some patterns during first mission or two, but later on it went quite smoothly. For some reason I had the best experience while detection set to English (UK). Be careful though: I consider my English quite good and understandable. Game does support different accent types (e.g. Australian, Indian, UK, US etc.) but there is a lot of angry people in other reviews who didn't have enough luck to find accent that detects their speach correctly."
,Recommended,319740,15303978,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jarik Spiegel,"Charming. From art, to voice work, to story; There Came an Echo exudes charm. Without spoiling anything, the story does seem a little odd, starting in the near future before graduating to some deep questions about identity, and self which I wouldn't have expected to find in a game.Technically speaking, I think there were some things that could've been done better (for instance, a load check point option would've been nice as I found myself throwing my soldiers into walls of soldiers just to rewind quicker). The voice recognition kit's pretty solid, and the decision to limit movement to a preset check point system makes sense in this context, even if it is a little frustrating at times.Trying to run a tactics game in real time by voice is a challenge, and I found myself having to force a calm state if only to keep my commands clear. It's a great sensation and one that isn't usually found in most games where victory tends to go to those with the quickest reflexes and the most energy to detonate at the right moment.I think I would've liked this game more if it kept a step away from the metaphysical storyline, but that's not to say this was unwelcome. The pacing of the story is good, and ends early enough to not feel repetitive or dry. In short, recommend it highly, if only for the different experience of tactical squad command with your voice."
,Recommended,319740,14734572,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Zacharuni,"One of my favorite games I've played was Tom Clancy's EndWar. Not for it's strategic depth or crazy multiplayer, but because of the voice commands that allowed you to control troops around the field. After learning that There Came an Echo shared a similar control scheme, I was interested immediately. Having now completed the game, I'm more than happy to say I enjoyed my entire ride through. While the game is incredibly short, it holds a fantastically told story and a clever use of a health/stamina system.You play Sam, a faceless character that plays a squad leader role to various teammates, the main named Corrin (voiced excellently by Wil Wheaton). Input is offered via voice commands, keyboard/mouse, controller, or a Intel RealSense device; the main selling point and my preferred method being through dictation.Pros:+ Fantastic story. Extremely well told from beginning to end, with no true “meh” interludes.+ ♥♥♥♥ing incredible music. Just beautifully done throughout. The standout of the package without a doubt.+ Voice controls that work! I know some people have had trouble, but my accent was picked up without issues a large amount of the time. When I had trouble pronouncing names, or said key words the game didn't recognize, the game allowed typed-in custom words to be added.+ The health/stamina system was a fantastic balance. Power weapons will drain the shield that protects you from the damage you're receiving – do you continue to fire your average shots to keep health high, or switch to a power weapon at the risk of a fast death? Awesome design choice.+ A lot of awesome themes based on future technology and religion. A theme that is very easily understood and grasped while these complex ideas are being told.Cons:- Grace's lines are really, really hard to enjoy. Her character was consistently infuriating and some lines were just so out of place and generally horrid. She has a major turn around towards the end of the game, but you'll never forget how bad it was before.- It ends. This is an incredibly short game, and once it's done, there isn't much to go back for. There is a training room to access, but it's one level of predictable waves of enemies. With the full realization this game was Kickstarted, it still really upsets me that there's no type of multiplayer/horde/level designer/Workshop to come with this game. I still want to continue playing, but I don't have anything to do.- Different missions have different (read: inconsistent and frustrating) levels of zoom. I really wanted to pull back the camera to get a more tactical view in some levels, but the game never budged. This made it very hard to get an idea of the battlefield at crucial points.I love this game. The short stay is a welcome one, and I can only hope the developers can squeeze in some extra levels or modding tools to help this game continue to thrive. Absolutely worth the asking price."
76561197980482185,Not Recommended,319740,14772198,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,K4z0rk,"The Game has a good idea and interesting story reveal for reflection. The Writing is okay but don't expect any surprises in how the Characters interact with each other. The Story progresses quite linear though. No side Missions or such which keeps you focused on the Main Plot. Voice Actors are Wil Wheaton and Allie Brosh who was on TableTop and Spellslingers if you like these Shows.The accent setting can be very tricky. As me being a German, the commands are often not recognized or misinterpreted and since there are only English Accents it can get frustrating, especially setting up Mark Orders. In General setting up Custom Commands that are easier to pronounce works sometimes.But the huge Problem I have is a bug in the Mission 5 where the third Override won't trigger. The Crew just refuses to obey or react to it which is a Game Breaker in what feels like the Last Mission. There are also similar situations in other Missions where you need to get a certain Character to do a specific action which not always appears clear."
76561198005879531,Recommended,319740,15339233,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"I wasn't sure what to expect with this game.  I didn't put much thought in to it's purchase.  I glanced through the information, saw the name ""Wil Wheaton"" and my eyesight went a tad blurry.  Don't worry, I'm ok.  Tears of joy.  I had to buy this game.If you're reading this Mr Wheaton, you are awesome.  If I saw a movie poster ""Twilight: Now with Wil Wheaton"" I would watch that movie.  If I saw a CD display ""Justin Beiber: Wil Wheaton duets"" I would buy that CD.  I eagerly await the day I can put a ""Wil Wheaton 2024, Lightyears ahead in the Presidential race!"" sign in my front yard.  So, yes, I bought this game.It's a good game too.  Anyone remember the Full Spectrum Warrior games?  The combat reminds me of that.  You move your people around, give them simple commands, watch them shoot the bad guys, etc.  You don't have to tell them to shoot every time you want them to shoot.  You're more in to the big picture.  Setting up flanking, luring them in to ambushes, things like that.Graphics are decent.  Music is pretty good.  The voice actors are all good as well, real professional.  Gameplay is smooth.  UI (I'm using my mouse) works great.  Something this game really pushes is using your microphone to give all the orders to your people.  I haven't gotten a chance to try that out yet since my wife has been sleeping every time I've played this and I don't want to risk waking her.The only real down side I'm finding is how quickly things fall apart sometimes.  You'll think you're doing great, then someone will go down while you're not aware and everyone else ends up flanked and you're done.  The game has checkpoints evenly spaced so this isn't too big of a deal.That's about it I guess.  I'd give it a 9 out of 10.  Thanks for everyone that made it this far in the review.  I imagine many players bought it after reading the first 2 paragraphs involving Wil Wheaton."
,Recommended,319740,14750033,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Breizh Atao,"Very interesting game. Lots of references and Easter Eggs.The voice recognition works really well. I'm French (with the horrible accent, you know...) and I have no problem using it ( English UK setting). You really feel like a commander, giving order only with your voice and not by clicking (you feel even better when you play rolled in your blanket, you are like Colonel Burrito).Nice graphics and voice acting, short but intense story with a good twist. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,319740,14643697,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,zzz,"*edit*hotfix came through and the game appears to run fine now. Haven't had much of a chance to actually play, but it works and seems fun for the short time I played it.*old stuff* played sequence some years ago and enjoyed it a lot. I had faith in the studio so I bought this game without doing any research/reading reviews. Game crashes on the intro screen ~80% of the time and crashed after hitting play the other time I got through.Hoping for some stability fixes asap so I can actually playuninstalled and re-installed. Made it past the loading screen 2/3 times. Then the game crashed after I finished the first mission"
76561197969823836,Recommended,319740,14652174,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Scratch N' Sniff,"Pros- unique input device. Basically everything is done through speech.- alright voice acting. Ashley Burch a stand out.- maybe fun I guessCons- I only played a bit, but this game has more cut scenes than final fantasy. The game experience son far is like 80% sitting and watching people talk.- I find the story boring- not really much RPG elements or other noteable elements. The game leans heavily on the voice recognition gameplay to drive your experience and is light on other mechanics. So far at least."
76561198016852028,Recommended,319740,14654294,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,LowDownDirtyGamer,"First let's start by saying that the voice controls work very well for me. The game will recognize most of my commands on the first try.  The game also handles more complex actions like sending different members of your squad to multiple locations at the same time really well too.The story is interesting and engaging with some very solid voice acting to help bring it to life.  The dialog between characters, while a little cheesy sometime, really helps to connect you to them and the story.  The Sci-Fi setting is nice with beatiful artwork for the character portraits.Anyone still sitting on the fence should check out my video on it here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJwxP0aqih4"
,Recommended,319740,14659269,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,windos_,"Firstly, if you have trouble getting the game to recognize your voice, try changing the language settings in game. When I first played, it would undertsnad me if I said ""affirmative"" but not if I said ""yes"", it would understand ""go right"" but not ""go left."" I changed the language to English (Australian), the closest option to my Kiwi acent I supose, and it worked flawlessly for the rest of the game.I loved this game. Controlling your team with your voice is so natural, although it can invite spousal teasing if they aren't used to you talking to your computer.Be prepared for a short game, I finished in three and a half hours. At least half of that was cutscenes.Everything is voice acted well, Wil Wheaton does an excellent job.I'm left wanting more. An expantion/DLC? A sequel? I'll take both. It also strikes me that this would be a great game to port to mobile phones or tablets."
,Recommended,319740,14659706,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Arillius,"I only plugged a couple of hours into this and it already feels awesome!You can pretty much control your squad just by using your own voice, just as the decription says, and I gotta say, it's really nice. It makes you feel like you're in control in the whole situation, although it feels a little fiddly sometimes, but it's still nice to use and it makes me think that it would be great for RTS' and probably make me more into the genre if other developers had that implemented into their games. Kudos, Iridium Studios for making an RTS that I like!Just... don't play this with others in your area, it would make others think you're crazy talking to a computer screen."
,Not Recommended,319740,22771196,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bloodchills,"I was pretty excited to get a chance to try a game designed to be voice activated and while I would like to see more games using voice, the story and ham-fisted acting detract from the game's potential. The real issues are in the delivery and pacing of the story, compounded by obstructive UI elements. There are times where it's not possible to pause the game so if someone shows up at your door or if the soup is boiling over in your kitchen -- too bad for you I guess. You can't force a savegame and you aren't told if the game was saved so if you have to quit suddenly you're left wondering how much you will have to repeat.Wil Wheaton could have given a better performance if he was pushed harder to deliver and if the game had the budget to do more takes, or someone on the team with higher quality standards. This felt like little more than a roleplay podcast for Wil. He phoned it in. Actors need to stay for as long as it takes until they are happy with the results. They need to learn to protect their brand at all times and Wil failed to do so here.The world definitely needs more voice activated games. They however need to be of a higher quality than this. I bought this game to support the idea of voice activated games but I cannot in good conscience recommend this title."
,Recommended,319740,25370787,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Brolaire: Mean bully,"Voice control can be a tidbit frustrating at times, without a doubt.This game does still offer a style of gameplay I haven't seen since something like Endwar, and is visually impressive to boot.Definitely a fun game and a worthwhile pickup, even with Will Wheatons awful voice."
76561198013043349,Not Recommended,319740,22309515,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Misakisama,"I was on the fence about this fairly average game but the ending almost saved it. Then instead of an ending theme or credits to let the emotional weight of what just happened sink in, the game immediately cut to a real life video of the cast whacking each other off over the game they had just created. No-one wants to see how proud you are.It absolutely ruined the moment and it's sad that the lasting impression of the game will be a bunch of gormless faces rather than any of the things it was trying to say. Developers can, and should, know better."
76561198013330465,Not Recommended,319740,14661786,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,AngryMan,"Terrible.The user interface is completely broken. Voice commands do not work reliably, with unrecognised commands resulting in ""Val"" telling you to ""Speak up Sam..."" which is fine the first half a dozen times, but really gets tired very VERY quickly, just adding to the frustration of using the interface. (They even make a joke of it in the beginning, where you can say ""Shut up Val"", to which she replies that she won't...)Fine, so the voice commands don't work, what about mouse? Forgettaboutit. It's clunky, inaccurate and will often result in de-selecting characters and issue global orders - you'll go from thinking you're ordering one character to flank the enemy to seeing ALL your characters running straight past the enemy and getting the crap kicked out of them - which wouldn't matter, except you have a limited amount of energy for the mission which cannot be recouped. Which brings me on to the idea of shields and weapons sharing energy, something that *seems* interesting, but it just doesn't work, as it often means you're just hastening your demise, as the times you need it are when you're under the most pressure.I can't really comment on the story, as I can't get passed the 3rd misson on the default difficulty, because one of the characters *stops shooting as soon as you give her an order*. This results in losing 1/3 of your firepower, which just makes a difficult situation impossible. I'm a VERY experienced gamer; the difficulty curve on this is just too steep.There also feels to be very little tactical about the game - your characters won't do what you tell them ""that seems too dangerous to me""... even though they're getting hammered where they are (and they'll happily RUN STRAIGHT PAST the enemy if you tell them to)... and you're totally at the mercy of the map designers as to where you can move your guys... meaning that they'll sometime go to positions where they're perfect for being hit by area effect weapons and there's nothing you can do about it.Overall, it just doesn't work. It's got great ideas, but they just don't work in the real world."
,Not Recommended,319740,17084545,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[MoS] Naelok,"I thought the idea of this was cool, but unfortunately the voice recognition thing is incredibly spotty. At the best of times, it's working 80% of the time, which maybe sounds good on paper. But think about it: If you were playing any other game and the keyboard commands or control buttons only worked 80% of the time, would that be acceptable? Of course not.The story is also complete junk. If you've ever seen Wil Wheaton do his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ roleplaying on Tabletop before, then this will seem quite familiar. I can't believe these people gave that guy money and actually billed him as a point of sale. There's a reason why his career didn't go anywhere after TNG guys.Anyhow, don't buy this."
,Recommended,319740,14742683,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pepsiman,"(Summary at the bottem)This game is amazing. Although I cannot fully recommend it because I personaly have sonme issues with it but i´ll explain later. This is an RTS in which you command a squad of 4 soldiers through a few missions using voice commands, yeah that´s right, you can play the entire game using only your voice (and mouse to move the camera) and it's just as awesome as it sounds, at least if the game responds to your commands and that's why I cannot recommend it to everyone, the game has a difficult time responding to accents, and although you can choose from different accents (Brittish, American, Canedian, Australian and Indian) in the menu to help the game reconising those commands better it does a poor job reconising commands I yel through the mic with my Dutch accent. From what I've read the devellopers will add support for other languages but in most cases Dutch isn't going to be one of them but they will probably add spanish, german and french and maybe a few other european languages. And even if they add Dutch the game probably still won't reconise English with a Dutch accent (Dutch sounds pretty cheesy in those kinds of games so I rather stick to english) after quite a long moment of calibrating the voice reconition system (or whatever it's called) i set the language to ""English-Indian"" because that one seems to work for the most part and after a bit of practice I did get the game to respond to most of my commands untill Syll becomes part of my team. I cannot command him to do anything AT ALL, unless i change the language to ""English-United States"" but when i do that the game doesn't respond when i use the word Alpha or the number 3 making it practicly impossible for me to go on. You can add custom commands and names so I tried giving Syll a custom name but so far no name I've tried seems to do the trick. furthermore I've had a lot of trouble commanding Corrin as he doesn't always respond to my commands and the game has difficulties reconising the word ""mark"" even though the command ""Miranda, move to Alpha 2 on my mark"" works perfectly fine. I've seen totalbiscuits video about this game and he doesn't have that much trouble at all so the game has problems with my accent and not with the commands themselfs. It is possible to play the game with mouse and keyboard but the game is too restricted to make it worth your while as you can only move your soldiers to pre selected points on the map, I don't think that's a big deal if you play using voice commands but if you can't the game is mediocre at best.I would reccomend the game if you have an Brittish, American, Canadian, Australian or Indian accent and if you have a microphone. If you're not a native English speaker there's no guarantee the game will work for you and since the game is pretty boring to play with mouse and keyboard you might want to stay away. If you are a native English speaker (and speak with one of the accents I listed above) then you should definitly give this game a shot. I won't give this game a rating because I don't feel like I've seen enough to give it a honest rating."
76561198026887950,Not Recommended,319740,14768602,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,NJlinger,"I bought this because the concept was new and looked super cool. If you're like this then stop right here. Go no further.The speech recognition works 1 out of 10 times which kills the gameplay.Cool concept, awful execution."
,Recommended,319740,15184080,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Your mom,"I do not always review a game, but then I do: it’s good."
,Recommended,319740,14653733,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,iellswo,"The core feature of this game is the voice command interface, so if you are going to pick up this game and play it I would highly recommend you get a good headset mic.  I have a pretty decent mic on my webcam, and using that I had quite a few problems, had to repeat myself constantly, and also had a to revert to clicking the screen to issue some commands (mostly switching weapons was problematic).  The ability to chain commands, and have your people react ""on my mark"" was really cool, and very satisfying.It was an experience that I've never really had playing a game, and for that alone I completely feel that I got my money's worth.Unfortunately, the experience was pretty short.  I beat the story in just 3.2 hours (even with my bad mic), which for some people is way too short (may I remind them that it's also on $15?).  However, I'm on the fence about whether or not I would want it to be too much longer... I worry that if you made the game too much longer that it would outstay it's welcome.Aesthetically the game is really neat.  It's an isometric game and it decently pretty, but the music was one of my favourite parts of the games aesthetic.Story was kind of meh.  Had it's moments, but the reveal (which I won't spoil) was pretty underwhelming and not that well delivered.I am planning on getting myself a better mic and playing through this again in the near future, for sure."
,Recommended,319740,14651311,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TUSHAR451,"I have an Indian accent but the game works fine with the Australian accent setting. So, it has no problems in recognizing voice commands, 10/10 mate!"
76561198048348178,Recommended,319740,14672816,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Uncle Grim,"So this game is awesome, using your voice to command you tight squad is the most awesome and rewarding thing ever...when it works. When it doesn't its the most frustrating piece of *!@#*!@#  I have ever #^^ @#$@#$ !@#$@ @$# #@$.That said I am using my laptops microphone which is known to be quite ""meh"" at best, so I'll attribute my often !#!#@ experience to that. However I can see with a few updates this game being improved. That said this game unless a multiplayer component gets added is only as long as the singleplayer campaign. So if you want a 1-3 day purchase, for 15 bucks this seems like a fair deal."
76561198008022471,Not Recommended,319740,21125122,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,McGondy,The voice commands are neat but when the novelty wears off you're stuck with an ok animated simplistic squad based RTT that takes control from the player far too frequently. I played it with my GF (who is not a gamer) and she was very frustrated with how often you sit and listen to the exposition.
,Recommended,319740,14669777,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PvtHudson,"I wish there was an in between option for this on Steam. The game isn't terrible, but it isn't great either. Voice recognition is extremely accurate but the gameplay lacks strategy and is extremely simplistic. It is also only 4 hours long with no replay value as it is a linear experience. The story is great and the soundtrack is amazing and as underwhelming as the combat is, it is still a pretty unique experience.However don't buy it right now. Wait for it to get patched. The game in it's current state is a bug ridden disaster. The worst of these is voice recognition suddenly no longer working. It happens randomly and is especially frustrating mid-mission as there are no mid-mission saves and restarting the level has you sit through 5-10 minute long unskippable cutscenes.My full video review is available here along with several examples of the bugs:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00zTnLgSaNU"
,Recommended,319740,14693808,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Azirel,"So, where to start...""All units, read this review on my mark"".""Mark"".The voice recognition is practically perfect. And if you're having trouble with that, you can always use your own alises (like I did with the number 3, I always had trouble pronouncing that). And, while I played in English and used English commands, I'm actually from Russia, so that says something about the recognition system.The gameplay is smooth, the mechanics are easy to understand (though not that easy to master), and the plot is actually very non-trivial.I can definitely recommend that one. Short, thougg. But extremely fun. 10/10"
76561197993394564,Recommended,319740,14718963,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Adelpha,"This was a really nice idea, and very well implemented.  I will admit to having a couple of slight quirks with the voice recognition - it didn't seem to like the way I pronounced one of the character names - but chucking in some aliases got around that problem.The story is an interesting one, and not particularly predictable - you don't see the ending coming in the first 5 minutes of play.  There are some nice twists along the way too.Loving the music - getting the OST is definitely worth it.I only wish the game was longer!"
,Recommended,319740,14705595,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,craseder,"Great game. I highly recommend it for anyone who's looking for something to do for the better part of a day, or a couple of weekend evenings.  The concept is sound, and I'd love to see a direct sequel in this fashion in the future!  I think the voice engine is a great touch.  It really helps establish a connection with the characters, and the custom voice commands work surprisingly well!  As of 1.0.2 there were still a few bugs, but as I write this review, it's version 1.0.3, so they're definitely supporting the game well, and want to see it succeed.  I would absolutely love to see a bigger and better version of this mechanic from these guys in the future, once they're rich and famous!"
76561198080878721,Recommended,319740,20572757,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SilentScopeX,"The concept of this game is really cool, Interesting storyline...Too bad you can't pick your own name in the story as it defaults to ""SAM"", but the view and the commands are Great! The function that allows you to customize the commands works very well. It's funny how the game explictly say that ""DO NOT SCREAM"". Sometimes you may have to repeat the command a few times. Aside from the minor cons, This is an awesome game!P.S. if someone unlocked the DBAD, and the secure achievement, please do advise!"
76561198118075424,Recommended,319740,14693557,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Roofus42,Damn it Corrin quit being a wuss and get to Delta 5!Super fun game. Need a decent mic though and you need to learn how to temper your voice so that your clear and not shout in the middle of combat but once your past that curve it's been the most novel and entertaining game I have played in the past few years.
76561198068441539,Recommended,319740,14696787,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bojax,When your name's Sam and they call you sam.10/10
,Recommended,319740,14820096,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,The voice interface is so much fun. Understood me 80-90% of the time and I'm Australian.You can make you own custom voice commands which has potential to get quite silly.My inner teenage nerd really wants a Star Trek game with this voice command system :D
76561197970594543,Not Recommended,319740,19921512,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Donitz,"There Came an Echo is a real-time strategy game with a great visual style and an amazing soundtrack. So far I have only been playing the first two missions of the game. The story immediately sparked my interest and I was hyped to play the rest of the game. And that is where the game (at least for me) falls apart.I bought There Came an Echo to experience it the way it was advertised to me. Using voice recognition. There Came an Echo is ruined by their usage of what appears to be subpar voice recognition software. I speak fluent English and speak it almost daily at work. I don't have a thick accent but I do have a slight lisp. This game outright refuses to recognise my voice most of the time.""Val... Stop... Talking""... Nothing.""Turn right""...""Turn right""...""TURN RIGHT"" NOOOO NOT AGAIN.and so on.I have personally developed software using consumer grade voice recognition engines which were far more reliable than the engine used in this game. In my opinion they should have allowed the user to train their own voice profiles to adapt their voice recognition engine to the unique speaking style of the user. I would rather spend a few minutes training my own voice profile than not being able to play the game at all.tldr; Game seems fun. Can't play it the way it was advertised."
,Not Recommended,319740,30207219,Posted: 26 February,all,Jim,"I really really really really want to like this game, but the voice DO NOT WORK at all. I have tried multiple microphones at different gains, etc. My first time playing was a Play Station Experience 2015 and it worked fairly well, but now, at home, in near silence, it does not work. I've played more with settings than the game itself. Not cool."
,Recommended,319740,25542156,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mukky,"not much ""stratergy"" but it's a cool expirence for what it is, not the first game to do something like this but a pretty cool one."
76561198001365001,Recommended,319740,14644030,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Grasshopper,The voice control is fun and mostly functional. The graphics are attractive. The story is pretty good and the volce acting engaging.I am having a great deal of fun!Turns to microphone: 'Computer! Game on!'
,Recommended,319740,24159915,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,|NeX| Doom,Awesome game. My only regret is that it wasn't longer.
,Recommended,319740,20102008,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,I W A N N A B E G A Y,It's different. Great so far! Rich story and lots of room for your own dialogue.
,Recommended,319740,21558502,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Velaroz,Become a part of the SCP Foundation.Or don't. Not everyone can get the achievement.
,Recommended,319740,21972447,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,R3D | Texian Hero,One of the best games ive ever played Fantastic immersive story w/ great functions.
76561198132762121,Recommended,319740,32845333,Posted: 27 June,all,CookieCake,Based off of what I have seen from the game the story telling is fine just a few bugs with the voice commands
,Not Recommended,319740,14640144,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SPAGHETTI JUNCTION,"This game sounds awesome on paper however the voice recognition barely works, ive tried every calibration option imaginable and the game just does not recognize commands longer than one word 90% of the time. It is an incredibly frustrating experience just repeating the same phrase over and over without anything happening.It's not even like I have an accent or any other incomprehensible form of speech, it just doesnt work as intended."
,Recommended,319740,14660089,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hidden Inside,"Cool concept and execution. I found some elementa needlessly ambiguous, many people already dont like Will Wheaton, now in the game he is some sort of wonder creating super encryptions and hooking up with awesome people. That i did not enjoy. If i disregard that part and just focus on the game, its kind of enjoyable. Sure it doesnt have fancy graphics or out of this world soundtrack, but its different and unique and that counts for a lot. We need more imaginative games like that.Actor work is impecable, with Jennifer Hale as lead role of a relentless and tough mercenary she does so well. Only hoping she´s going to voice Shepard 2.0 in ME4 gonna be glorious! Will does solid work aswell, outside of all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t his actor work is very believable its great to see all those years of acting paying off.Now the gameplay while novelty needs a bit of refining, i didnt like the stuttering in some places, like having my decisions questioned when we are operating on time. The PAUSE and MENU should be diferentiated aswell. I want to pause to observe the battlefield, to formulate my strategy, not to look at the menu.Overall its a differently paced experine with a lot of cutscenes like in any old FInal Fantasy game and a bit of fighting. Exectution isnt perfect, but its tolerable. I urge you to get this game not only to experience semi novelty gameplay, but to give the iridium games more of incentive to bring us more varied games like this.Overall a solid 6/10. Its not very enjoyable, but its DIFFERENT."
,Not Recommended,319740,16824312,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[40-1]HandsomeJack,"Asked for a refund after the game failed to recognize my voice unless i started yelling in my mic, wich is working perfectly, as im using skype on a daily basis."
,Recommended,319740,14643281,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"This game is actually a lot of fun. At first, I was skeptical of the 'Voice Command' gimmick but it's voice recognition is pretty legit, although, sometimes if you get excited it might not pick you up. The combat is actually like a simplified Real-time version of X-COM with a more linear storyline. All in all, I don't regret spending less than 20 for it. Plus I find it satisfying saying to Corrin, ""GET YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING HEAD DOWN, WIL WHEATON!""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HCpgj-Lgrw"
,Recommended,319740,24199282,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Timmy T-Rex,Based on my playtime I'd say this game is pretty good.
76561198198199017,Recommended,319740,28741102,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SteelBatoid2000,Hello YouTubes!
,Recommended,319740,14646123,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Keting,"switched voice comms of ""open fire"" to ""f##k her right in the pu##y!"". It worked.10/10 will shout at grace again."
76561198018351349,Recommended,319740,14639911,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Palimpsest,"This game made my day. I played sequence a while ago and enjoyed it and the thought that went into it. When I saw this pop up in my feed today I jumped right in. It fills the same niche for me that a game like X:COM does gameplay wise, though story wise it reminds me something more like Dreamfall. Voice acting is great and you can really tell the quirks of each character through their dialogue. I was a little bit skeptical of the voice command system at first but settled into it quite well. It picks up great. The only two issues I had were numbers greatern than twenty seem to register as twenty and the name Syll sometimes doesn't pickup. Play this game, you won't regret it."
76561198060761247,Recommended,319740,14639328,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,I don't know what to do,this game is a great game I have been waiting for this game since a year ago and the wait was worth it
76561198047864351,Not Recommended,319740,14637632,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,GodIsNature,"I really like the design, but i can't say much more about the game, because it keeps getting stuck in blackscreen limbo when it has to load a new level. Didn't get further then the stairs. Warroom ist also inaccessible due to the same problem. The game badly needs a fix!"
76561198041529711,Not Recommended,319740,20140839,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wenju,"Great idea, nice jokes. good voice acting... uncany valley on voice commands. great idea, works 75% of the times, but that hard part of the game is the 25%, and it will fail.... a little more tech and maybe.Also VERY irritating unskipable scenes."
,Recommended,319740,20079017,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ihatebrooms,"The main feature of the game is voice command of soldiers in a real time futuristic combat setting. I've always loved this idea, and this game does a great job of implementing it. It's not just a gimmick, it really feels like something new and fresh. I really can't wait to see more games use this feature (starship command, anyone?).Pros:The voice command is phenomenal (I had >95% command issuance success). I can't stress how amazing an experience this isOther than Wil Wheaton, had a blast with the voice actingEnd Credits are among the best of any game I've ever playedNeutral:Wil Wheaton voices the main character. I personally don't care for him, but others might consider this a plus.Cons:Campaign is shortWar Room completable in a few tries"
,Recommended,319740,21076445,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MåGiK,"Really great/original concept and gameplay. The voice controls are very polished and work extremely well once you get used to how to say them. Story is poopoo and it made me sad. Before the Echo, the sequel, (originally called Sequence before they were attacked by lawyers to change their name for reasons) Is a great stand alone rhythm based RPG with amazing art and music."
,Recommended,319740,21076695,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,3Sci,"Hoooly cow, where to start. This game... really starting to get into the future gaming situation. The unique concept of controlling everything with your voice and gestures is really well-made, especially now, when not many people know it's already possible. So for this reason, I recommend the game to all the people who don't believe in gaming tech advances.That being said, it could still use some tech polish. It's a bit tough to get your voice recognized when you don't have the ability to speak really loud... guess that's supposed to be a flaw on the user's side, but you'd be surprised how many people are restricted in noise in such a way. Thus, that area could get an improvement, better voice detection.Now for people who don't enjoy this new concept quite as much, don't worry! You can play this game XCOM The Bureau-style. Just right-click and you'll get a lot of commands... be aware though, that this would restrict your reaction time so it does make the game a bit harder.TL,DR: The game has some troubles and some fixes... as does any other one. However, the uniqueness of the concept outweighs all possible flaws, so at least for a few years this game should meet only further success!"
,Recommended,319740,16853942,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Moonbat14,"An amazing game on its own, I had no idea that it was a sequel until the ending credits. Now I can't wait to get my hands on the original.A great concept, well executed, paired well with amazing music, graphics beyond description, and an uncommon but well implemented voice command system.42/fish"
,Recommended,319740,19954788,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DonkeyWorld,"Are you hearing the words that are coming out of my mouth?Unless your voice is very steady, you will be saying that here and there in this game. 85-90% of the time, voice commands work but if you get excited like me it will ignore you and say turn the volume down. Then you do and your too quiet and commands don't get registered. The voice reception can be really fickle when it comes to volume and it's really damn frustrating when it happens.The game is also only 3 hours long.But there's fantastic music, good characters, a good story, a fun if not exceptionally deep combat system, and a persistent frantic feeling brought on by real time play and voice commands. The experience is pretty unique, which is a rarity when there's tens of thousands of games to choose between.I can't recommend There Came an Echo at full price, but at half off or more you will get your money's worth."
,Recommended,319740,19961202,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Duz,I dont know what else I can say that hasnt already been said in all the positve reviews for the game. This game has been an increadable amount of fun and the soundtrack is utterly epic. The story and game control are surprisingly well realised.If you are still on the fence then I'd say just take the dive the nexty ime its on sale. You wont regret it.
,Not Recommended,319740,19987369,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vindicator,"The voice commands are kind of cool, and work about 90% of the time, but the remaining 10% is a non-negligible detriment to the enjoyment of the game (and often results in game over). Although cool, the voice commands only restrict the amount of actual control you have, making the gameplay and strategy fairly shallow. At the default difficulty level, gameplay was limited to equipping the right weapons, charging in, and waiting for the fight to end. More complicated or dynamic strategy as fights progress could have been interesting, but simply isn't feasible with the voice command's reliability. Furthermore, there simply is not enough time, nor motivation, to become adept at strategy and rapidly issuing commands within the duration of the game. Needless to say, there is also little to no replay value.It's pretty, the music and voice are phenomenal, and I applaud the exploration of unconventional approaches to user input... but as a game, it simply wasn't a whole lot of fun."
,Recommended,319740,20032658,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ADP,Story's pretty good except for some dry dialogue and the voice recognition also adds a nice addition to the game although you might find yourself repeating commanding a few times. all in all there came an echo is a great game
76561198021731498,Recommended,319740,20235931,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,watsons92,"There Came an Echo is a well done voice controlled strategy game with an interesting story, appealing visual style and truly Great soundtrack (Must buy IMO) by Big Giant Circles and Ronald Jenkees.Now while the voice commands worked relatively well for myself I can imagine like with most voice systems accents may be an issue. The game can however be controlled wihout voice but the radial command setup while getting the job done can cause incorrect commands to be entered at times which can frustrate at crucial moments.The game is entirely story driven and overall I would say that its a good one, strong characters backed up with good voice acting keeps you interested in its story which has some interesting revelations along the way lets say. Additionally due to the small focused character pool and as mentioned voice acting you do come to understand each character fairly well in the short time you have but as always this could have been expanded upon.With regards to the games length game after a few mission retries it holds up to around 3-4 hours gameplay and while this may disappoint, I sometimes find that a relatively short but focused story can be really good at least most will get to experience the full game even with little game time to spare.Overall while due its length you may find it not be worth its full price of admission, being able to support a small indie studio like Iridium Studios with this games willingness to experiment with voice controls which granted has been done before it does bode well for future development of this gameplay method.I recommend this game to those looking for a story driven voice controlled strategy game with an interesting setting that at times when using the voice system really does make you think and I look forward to what Iridium Studios develops next.P.S-Voice command system does allow for voice commands to be edited to your preferences character names etc.-Use Right click to provide commands without voice for some reason It took me a while to figure this out and I can't remember this being pointed out."
,Recommended,319740,20480741,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lyon,"TLDR: Do buy.Longer version: Sequence was a gem for me. I get the impression that this Iridium Studios guy is really passionate about his work, and he's really into improving himself and his games.The voice command gameplay is fun, intuitive, and knows who you are right out of the box. I never had any problems with calibration despite using a crappy $2 budget desktop mic. This ""Do X on my mark"" is so good. The story puts you in the eyes of the commander role and tells the story from your point of view. It's not exactly natural, but it's refreshing and well-implemented. Visual effects immerse you in your role in the story in masterful ways (Though I can't tell you how without gameplay spoilers HEEEEEUGH.)Reverences:The PhilosophyIf you cut and paste a file, is the original gone? If we can't go back in time, does that mean that our past selves are dead? Why do we fear disappearing? The atheist's dilemma.On My MarkThe programmingI can't say this enough. This game WORKS. It's not complicated, or flashy. There aren't a lot of pickups or upgrades, it is just perfect. I have not encountered a single bug. My game has not crashed or run slow. It works. It works. Complicated selection and voice commands work very well. For example, if two characters are next to an objective and you say ""<one> and <two>: Execute special action"" They will each execute the objective closest to them, even if they're close together. Whether it's because a lot of work went into anticipating all possible user input or because the coding is clean, it just works.Grievances:The WritingLike most of these kind of games, the writing suffers. It feels forced, and though it's a lot better than the writings from Sequence, it's still full of memes. It feels like you're being hit over the head with whatever stereotype the game has for that character. Several plot elements are jerky and inconsistent, giving the impression that you're being yanked from one scene or story to the next without much context. The ending seems forced and contrived: there could be a lot more content there.Manual ControlsI tried out the keyboard-and-mouse controls because at one point I thought increasing the speed of ordering units might increase my chances of success after failing a few times. Unfortunately, the manual controls are awful. It tries to be context-based interaction-wheel style, but in practice it's clunky and your camera freezes in place while the interaction dialog is open. It also takes several seconds to confirm a command, made slower by the fact that your co-commander issues the order once you prepare it with the context wheel. That is a rather nice touch, though.General Display IssuesAt one point, you are required to perform an action regularly, or you'll fail the mission. This mission is coded very well, and is perhaps the best and my most favorite. However, your camera is not localized on the countdown. When you're looking at other places on the map, there could at least be a reminder icon in the corner of your screen.Useless red herrings"
,Not Recommended,319740,20296584,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Psynergy,"Buggy, with far too much telling and not enough showing. Voice commands are a fun gimmick, but can't replace a mouse. Ended up using my mouse more often"
76561198025035542,Recommended,319740,20497648,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RaptorFire,"As a proof of concept for voice command, it's an impressive product and certainly worth a look. Outside of that and a fantastic soundtrack, though, it's a strictly average strategy game from a company that I look forward to seeing bigger and better things from in the future."
,Recommended,319740,23599380,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MrFishy,"The voice commands actually work. The game is short and the story is kinda forgetfull, but the main reason why probably most people buy this is for the voice commands.I would recommend to buy this game when it is on sale."
,Recommended,319740,15545521,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Bomber man,"Works great for me. lots of fun. a few times i would try to execute to many orders too quickley and it would not work. This is to be expected as ut does advise you to ""take a breath"" betwene commands. and on occasion it would incorectly interprete a command. It allows you to set custom commands for diffrent actions. also you can intersperse your voice commands with mouse selection and clicks."
,Recommended,319740,14838599,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Gainsley Harriot,"This was a really amazing game, enough to make me sit through the long credits"
76561198031015003,Not Recommended,319740,14997770,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,PEEVEED,"I love the concept voice commands the problem is half the time they don't work and the mouse commands are so eh is the best I can put it. Other than this the story line is nice combat sucks but then again this is more about issuing commands, the switching back and forth inbetween weapons is not smooth and there is always a target or 3 or 4 that will kill your squad in less than 5 seconds and with the sloppy voice command system and mouse input you bet your squadie is dead before you know it. Also not being able to zoom out far enough to see that there is 3 bad guys in the back shooting at you with charge guns really doesn't allow you to plan the combat out effectivly also not being able to place your own points they are predetermin by the game gives you limited choices. There is no take cover action like people would just stand there and take the hits please. Scatter should be another command. All in all it's an ok game for story line but combat and command issues make the game a great idea just not fully achieved. It needs some AI work and some tuning."
,Recommended,319740,14734484,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TheNobleIgnis,"I would do my usual 5 day thing...But this game...Is too good for that. I have to use proper words here...Here we goThere came an echo is a game about using your mic to control 4 squadmembers (Using the mouse is possible but very difficult so make sure you have a decent mic) You use commands such as ""Move to alpha 2"" Amoung other things to move your squad around the map and commands such as ""Open fire"" Or ""♥♥♥♥ up"" As i made my custom to order your units to fire on certain enemies. Now the voice control is great like really great...But when it screws up...It screws up baaaad it will constantly mishear you and you may lose a mission due to random ""Everyone in your squad suddenly going deaf"" As i like to call it.Now then the story dont wanna give too many spoilers so i shall just say some♥♥♥♥♥♥that i can remember. Some dude made a code that is uncrackable someone else wants the code and some company thing can remake people after death and some woman wants it so she can bring back her dead sons (The rest would be spoiling too much)Now who are you?...Your ""Sam"" Clever they give a multi gender name as your not given much detail as to who the hell You are people just say your name occasionally and ignore you completely in cutscenes (As to be expected) But i feel like i should be able to do something during cutscenes...Or at least affect the story somehow...What im saying is CHOICES...It would have been so cool to be able to intervine during cutscenes and affect the path of the story....But you just order people around and♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is one choice near the end and its a ""Yes"" or a ""No"" As far as I k-no-w...That was terrible...Sorry back on track. They both lead to the same outcome.Now the game has a badass factor that is for sure...Feeling like you are actually controlling them with your voice and stuff feels real badass but that wears off a little after a while.In the end...I give this game...6 nobles outta 10 its good dont get me wrong...But i wanna feel like im doing more than ordering a bunch of people around...I wanna affect the story more than a ""Yes"" Or a ""No"" but if your in it for the gameplay rather than story and stuff...Then this game is worth it...If your here for a story you can affect and change...Then this game...Can still be slightly fun story wise...But slightly lacking."
,Recommended,319740,14729261,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Arkata,"UPDATE: Glitch is fixed and game is enjoyable again.-----------------------I bought the deluxe edition only to find out that the game does not understand me 97% of the time.Without functional voice commands the game feels like a mobile game.If voice commands work for you then I would think this is a fantastic purchase because the voice acting, narrative, and soundtrack are really great.But I still couldn't recommend a friend to purchase this game on the gamble that the software would work with their voice."
76561197990268339,Not Recommended,319740,15641385,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,leonyounggod,"A terrible experience ever. The voice recognition for the game is worse than horrible. They always do not understand me even if I repeat my words toooooooo many times. I am definitely ok to enunciate English... the most important thing is I have no problem to play End War made by UBISOFT. I also tried Chinese languages, and game grudgingly worked with my enunciation but I still had to repeat too many times to deliver the commands. Besides, the translation is sooooooooo terrible. I am wondering if THEY TRANSLATED ALL OF THESE BY GOOGLE TRANSLATOR...NO, GOOGLE WOULD EVEN DO BETTER THAN THIS.Seriously, do not waste your money on this game. It's just a piece of crap."
,Recommended,319740,14814384,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[HGS][ANG]Evis,"Last night I finished There Came an Echo. A short game, but a good one. about 3-4 hours in total for a tenner. All in all not bad value, but not great either. Most of the entertainment comes from the voice command system, so it's a gimmick game. That said I can forgive gimmick games if the gimmick is done well.In this case it mostly is. Commands work and are mostly logical, alternative words can be used for commands and selection too, giving you options for customization if there are words you have difficulty with. Does drop words every so often, but by far one of the better voice command systems I've used.The setting and plot are both very tongue in cheek, kitschy cyberpunk. The plot is perfectly functional, but nothing special. The ending comes a little bit out of left field but hey, it's kitsch. At the end of the day I enjoyed it, it was nice to see a game that didn't seem to feel the need to take the plot too seriously, while still trying to deliver the best experience a decent-ish writing could. Would like more, it's mooreish in a popcorn sort of way.The gameplay is a squad based RTS. Imagine a real time XCOM:EU battle and you've pretty much got the basic formula. You have up to four squad members and you can issue commands to, such as changing weapons moving to defined points on the map, targeting priority and so on.The voice commands generate interesting tension as you can only give orders as fast as you can speak. As such the game rewards forward planning rather than just barrelling into hostile territory and making it up as you go. Crucially you can also stack commands to trigger when you say 'Mark'.Either way, the game gives you plenty of tools to get the job done and provides an interesting variety of levels to play them across.At £10.99 I think it's a little steep for the short length but it's certainly one to consider when on sale. I'd say I got my money's worth but I'd also say I'd be lying if I didn't feel a little short changed at the same time.The game can be controlled normally, but really if you do that you're paying for a sub par, very short XCOM clone. Which is telling of how well done I think the voice commands gimmick is.All in all, pretty solid game, but a tad overpriced I feel."
76561198065008591,Recommended,319740,15423031,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Statik,"There came an echo is an enjoyable game on many levels. The voice recognition is very close to flawless, at least during my playthrough i had very little problems. Ofcourse getting worried in a situation where your team is taking tones of dmg and your voice becomes elevated and saying the wrong things while issuing a command can cause there to be issues lol. The story is nice, but is extremely short and the lack of extra content causes the game to become one of those one time play throughs... or pick up games when you're bored. Voice commands are really the best way to play this game, and give the best immersion. Not having used the manual click commands much at all this is simply on first impression, but they felt clunky and less enjoyable to use.Pros:-Good Voice Recognition-Ability to change voice commands to suit your game play-Fun story, with good voice acting and some funny momments-clean and clear uiCons:-Minimal hours of gameplay-No extra content-Short story-ui commands are less enjoyable to useAll in all the game is quite fun and is worth it ON SALE. The reason i say on sale is because for the hours you get out of the game and the amount of content there is I think buying on sale is the best option, but that is your descision in the end. Good game i do recommend it, it was very well made and I hope there are many more to come just like it! :)"
,Recommended,319740,15106779,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Squall,A wonderfully new way to play a game. Giving commands are easy and fun. The game requires strategy and forethought. It's one of the best games I've bought. I just wish it was longer.
76561198038711954,Not Recommended,319740,15107760,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,LadyRamkin,"I have spent at least an hour saying attempting to get characters to respond to their names. I have tried every tone and accent i can manage. I face said the same F*ing name repeatedly in the same slow monotone, in order to get it to work, and it just wont. I have tried changeing their names and they ignore me. Aweful. Especially for a voice powerd game."
,Recommended,319740,16401457,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Beardimon,"We all know Deadpool is the frikkin notorious fourth wall breaker. We love it. But how do you maintain that wall and, at the same time, maximise immersion?You put the player on the other side. That's what this game does. You're no longer in control of the hero, you ARE the hero (providing tactical support for your squad, but nonetheless). You are the voice of your hero. Sure, they may not call you by your real name (the chances are pretty slim), but it works as a miracle. I don't think I've ever been so deep in a game, not even FPSs, with you taking the perspective of your character, provide that much feel, that much immersion, and all that.The voice recognition system works almost flawlessly, allowing me to release my inner Brit without the fear of slowly going crazy from talking to myself. Seeing that there are four varieties of English included, as well as some other languages, my inner linguist is also rather satisfied. The Realsense keeps me curious, but unfortunately, I do not have the hardware supporting it. Bummer. I'd be waving my hands like a mad man, like talking to the computer wasn't enough. :)The plot and the characters are well written, as far as I can tell. Placed in the gameplay as they are, they keep you interested and immersed, something you'd expect from an RPG rather than a strategy.I haven't finished the game yet, I've probably just scratched the surface.It's been more than enough for a good impression.Also, there's Wil Wheaton, Ashly Burch, and Yuri Lowenthal, what more would you wish for? :DEdit: OK, so I've finished the game. It's rather short-ish, but still worth every penny. The plot bears some resemblance to AC series (don't want to spoil, so I'll leave it like that), but it might just as well be my impression only. And also, it's not a bad thing, it's still well-written nonetheless."
76561198052000382,Recommended,319740,14801854,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lukas,"This is a short game. About 4 hours long, and I doubt you'll get much more than that out of it.The gameplay itself is fairly minimalist. Order your troops to move, focus fire and they'll do it.I will say, however, that the gameplay itself isn't where the fun factor of this game lies.It's in the voice commanding.The voice recognition in this game is good. Not perfect, but with a bit of patience, it works and works well. The story is well written and the voice actors did a great job.The game does have additional content in the War Room feature, but you'll more than likely be satisfied with the Story mode. At least, I was.If you're looking for a 4-hour experience of feeling awesome through the medium of voice commands, this game is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,319740,14873987,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Daymare,Where is Korean subtitle??How I apply to korean subtitle?I had played game with korean subtitle before I changed language setting...How to change subtitle language..
,Recommended,319740,14877887,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[OP] | Nights,"All in all this is a good game. The voice command works better than any other voice recognition I've had the misfortune to interact with (to the point I actually enjoy the expirience) and the system works well. It is asthetically pleasing too- the isometric view is a good way to have the map and things like stratigic points makes for a streamlined expirience. My only complaint about the voice acting is less about the technical side of it (which is really well done) and more with the writing- the character development through antagonism ala Sly Cooper 1 can be grating. Wil Wheaton was, however, marvelous- it was almost like he was playing himself. I would have also liked the ability to skip cutscenes, given the writing. All in all, however, it is a great game.For those on the edge, I'd also add this- for about half the price you can get a AAA title, you can get the game, the artbook, and the sountrack for a good price. My download also came with Sequence, though I'm not sure if that was a glitch or not. The game itself is long enough where the price point should have been 25$ alone. For what you get, you get a good amount of matirial."
76561197970719936,Recommended,319740,14775469,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,PolySoup,WHEATON!Fun real-time tactics game. I found the voice commands worked well and added to the experience. I would love to see another game like this.
,Not Recommended,319740,14785833,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Exmond,"Neat game, but you need to have a lot of pateince for it when the missions get complicated.  The same problem with voice controls comes up, its neat but it doesn't get the job done.  The game would continually not listen to my inputs and in missions where you need fine control it would wind up making me lose the mission"
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,319740,14756047,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AiDec,Not funny game :(Art over gameplay. Not much real gameplay left.
76561197987653460,Recommended,319740,14757747,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mortalsyn,Had a ball with this game! Makes me feel like a complete boss yelling commands at my squad. Short campaign but I really enjoyed the story. There is a hoard mode too but I would like to see a skirmish mode where I can play custom missions. All in all though a fantastic time for $15.
,Recommended,319740,14760060,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Agent Gale,"TCAE has genuinely been one of those games that has come along and demanded attention - despite the occasional annoyance when a voice command doesn't register, discovering the flow of combat + issuing commands while sitting back is an ultimately rewarding experience.Warning: If you have an odd accent sometimes it can be frustrating when a command doesn't register but ultimately the voice recognition software does an amazing job."
,Recommended,319740,14761210,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Manny,Very short game. finished it in under 4 hours. wish there was a sequel to this game.
,Recommended,319740,24502849,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lenda,"I used to love games with trippy plot but this one exceeds a bit what is trippy hehe :)If you can make the voice commands to work the game gets awesome , if you can't please don't even play :)"
76561197983830885,Recommended,319740,14663020,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,favarit,"I wish this game was more popular. I loved it so much! I'll never forget this experience. Story, ost, voice control... Everything is great about this game in my opinion."
76561198012466367,Not Recommended,319740,29643370,Posted: 1 February,all,mcy,"Voice controls are terrible, and practically useless without a headset - even with a microphone that is perfectly fine for any other purpose (didn't try in a studio, there might have been minimal background noise and echo in the room). Given that this gimmick was all that was novel in the game one would think developers would put some effort into making it work."
76561198067974184,Recommended,319740,30034735,Posted: 19 February,all,sauerdough,"There came an Echo is a brand new twist on all other RTS games. Mentally challenging, great artwork, and absolutly FANTASTIC music. Like with all great games, I  wish the story would never end."
