user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,319910,18605502,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,AnneNymus,"There are just three words I have in mind after  playing this game with 2 friends: ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!""I liked Trine 1 and I loved Trine 2. Trine 3 is a disaster. In short:+ nice graphics+ ok story- full of bugs of any kind (wall and object glitches, broken doors , buggy bossfights, ...)- 3 D game principle is almost impossible to play (controlling characters is too vague and confusing)- no more skills (yup, that means no ice arrows, no planks ect) the characters start with some ""new"" skills but they lack ""old"" skills and there is no way to learn new skills (so no leveling up in general!)- levels are too easy! there are almost no passages which require teamwork!- collecting pyramids unlocks new levels (which means if you do not have enough of them you have to play an old level AGAIN to collect some more before you can move forward to the next level!!)- the game ends right in the middle of the story... and it is not even an ""open ending"" or something. The wizzard just says ""Great now we only need two more [...] to repair the [...]"" [spoiler ^^] and then you see the creditsResult:Game is super frustrating thanks to all the bugs, very short and ends in the middle of the story! Please do NOT buy it.P.S. I feel sorry for the Community Manager who has to go through all the negative feedback but I feel so betrayed and disappointed that I just couldn't help but warn people NOT to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,319910,32160770,Posted: 3 June,all,Disfixional,"Let me start off by saying that I had a ton of fun with the Trine 1 and 2 coop modes, and got an acceptable amount of hours out of it.Naturally I thought ""People must be overreacting with the negativity about Trine 3!""......I was wrong. Here's why:- It's short (4 hours including bonus levels)- No leveling up.- Each character has 2 abilities that don't change during the course of the game.- A story that still has me scratching my head.- The ending is in the middle of Act 2.- It is absolutely riddled with bugs, making it seem as though the game was QA tester by a bunch of toddlers. And I'm a very easy going person when it comes to bugs.- Not only does the 3D not add anything to the gameplay, it makes it outright annoying to get around the levels.I want to love this game, and I want to recommend it... but it misses the mark, and for all of the above, I sadly cannot recommend buying it.... especially at full price (I got it on sale, and it's still a solid ""no"")."
,Not Recommended,319910,17676487,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Jorji Costava,"Sadly, I can't recommend Trine 3...  and it hurts my soul.I'm a huge fan of the series, Trine and Trine 2 are among my favorite platformers to date. Beautiful levels, a ton of well hidden collectibles and achievements that engage the completionist in me for hours.Trine 3 falls short on almost all of those aspects...Lets address all the postives first:The game is still incredibly beautiful, the art style is amazing.The soundtrack, as in previous installments is amazing, although other people might think differently.I wish I could say more positive things about this game, I really do.On to the negative:The gameplay, i'll address each of the heroes seperatly:First off, Amadeus. I realize that 3D doesnt really allow for the Wizard's old method of drawing shapes to summon Boxes/Planks, but the fact that you are now reduced to summoning only a single Box really bums me out. The most fun aspect of playing the Wizard in the previous games was to find fun ways of stacking all possible summoned objects to find your way around the environment, all you get to do now is summon your Box and slam it to the ground. Yay. *sigh*Zoya... poor Zoya... Her Explosive, Gravity and Ice Arrows have been removed, you are reduced to firing single, plain, wooden arrows. Aiming isnt really necessary anymore, point in the vague direction of a target and Zoya usually finds her target automatically. Her hooks are reduced to only being able to attach to rings and boxes in the environment. No more swinging along wooden ceilings, branches and platforms, Personally, I don't mind that too much, it opens up a couple of other possibilities, but those are usually fairly obvious and straight forward (Attaching your hook to a door knob, pulling it open and tieing it around a pole to keep it from slamming shut for example).Pontius propably changed the least, he's still good old Pontius with a Sword and Shield but without the hammer, and i don't understand why. Imostlyunderstand why Zoya and Amadeus had their abilities changed the way they were, but why can't the knight have his hammer? Would have made combat more interesting, or made it possible for him to knock down walls and objects in the environment. Pontius gets his gliding ability right of the bat, makes platforming easier, but makes Zoya even less necessary for some sections.What bothered me quite a bit was the complete lack of a progression system. No more skill trees and customization, all characters play the same forever. Meh.The game isINCREDIBLYshort. I've beat the game in 4.4h and got 100% completion. The collectibles arent really hidden too much, if they are, it's still rather obvious.The story was fine, but it didn't nearly engage me as much as the previous games, all in all it felt like the intro to a much larger story, especially considering it ends on a cliffhanger.Enemies felt weird, fight's were honestly boring. There arent really any different enemy types. Some have shields(that really dont make them any tougher), some don't, some are large, some aren't. The only enemies that felt special were the Wizards that appear later in the game, although they didnt really spice combat up either. Their attacks are easily avoidable and they go down with a couple of Zoya's arrows. There are only 2 bigger fights, one at the start of the second level which is incredibly easy to fight and the final boss, which i found rather random and uninteresting as well.In the previous games combat could be quite challenging, jumping around enemies, watching out for archers, getting creative with Amadeus' abilities, etc.In Trine 3 combat was just boring. I usually simply mashed the button with Pontius and shot the flying wizards with Zoya when everything on the ground was dead...I know why the game is as short as it is, the developers have adressed that in a forum posthere, but that doesn't change the fact that it's just not worth the price.Get the game when it's on sale at some point, I think it's definitely overpriced at this point.I have to say that 3D didn't really add anything to the game, if anything it subtracted from it...I just hope the developers recognize what's gone wrong in this game and go back to what they're truly excellent at: 2D or 2.5D"
76561198000993441,Not Recommended,319910,17635811,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rudo,"Unfortunate to be writing a negative review of this game as ive loved the previous titles of the series.But this game simply does have way too much negative things as people have pointed out.To sum up the game shortly.First positive things+The game looks great, the art designers have been doing quite good job in this one as in the previous ones+Soundtrack. While this is matter of taste, i have enjoyed the work of Ari Pulkkinen in previous games and he did do good in this title as wellAnd thats about it unfortanetly, to move to negative sides then-Length. the game is ridiculously short in comparision to previous titles. I played it trough with friends in 4 hours. If you were to skip side missions in the game, which hold no real value. Theyre just mini levels or an arena where youre locked to single character. also if you were not to fool around alot like we did. You could finish this game under 2 hours easily-Character progression. unlike in previous tittles, this one has none of it. no talent trees, no new weapons, no new skills or spells. instead youve actually been reduced at amount abilities in this game in comparision to others. wizard can do only a box, knight has only sword and shield and the thief has only one type of arrow.- 3d. While it did have some interesting usage in the game, with thiefs rope and such. over all i would say it came with negative impact to the game. the camera angle can get very awkward at times, especially if youre intending to backtrack. It also glitches the knight somewhat where youre actually capable of wall jumping of the side walls and the back walls, if you glide while youre doing so. you are capable of reaching infinite height and pretty much can skip all the puzzles if you so desire.-Price. For a game this short, the pricing is way too steep. 20/22€ for a 2-4h game is way too much in my books.I do feel like ive made a mistake for buying the game this early, as for me that is too high price for the content im getting.-Bugs. There is quite alot of those, the earlier mentioned knight wall jumping i imagine being one, others being objects going crazy randomly, your ghost after death going out of level, in air or just simply disappearing so you cannot be ressurrected. Also the online multiplayer having quite a few bugs tied to it too. only host being able to destroy some of the boxes containing triangles, there being laggy things and what not.Over all it felt like i did get 25% of trine game i were expecting.As extra notion, i can say vaguely that the ending is a cliffhanger and very abrupt. which does tell they're intending to adding dlc to the game most likely or a sequel. But untill they do and if its free or changes the game drastically, I simply cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,319910,15477850,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Uncle Sam,"More gorgeous as ever, Trine 3 succeeded in the form of a true sequel rather than a re-release of the old game with new stages. The music is charming, the graphics are more advanced than before and they are truly using the 3D enviroment for puzzles, secrets and other sort of stuff rather than just a gimmick.I finished the first two levels, this is where the Early Access ends. I didn't finish the challenge map yet.The story levels are fairly long, filled with a ton of content, little graphichal details, hidden collectibles you can get, and fully utilizes the 3D enviroment. You have to glide from the near to the far with Pontius, you can pull a rope around a pillar with Zoya, etc.The characters have face now and you can see them moving their lips as they speak, they are more detailed now.The puzzles were fairly easy in the first two stages, or it could just be me who used to these kind of stuff.Music and sound good as ever.The only negative I can say about this that it is lagging (dropping FPS or call it whatever you want) even on Medium settings with anti-alias off. I beat it on Low settings which is sad and I didn't run it on a microwave.9/10 looking forward for the updates and the full game as well."
,Not Recommended,319910,17637775,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Steeltooth,"The game is short. So short they split the first level into three parts to add two more levels to the campaign. Technically eight levels but essentially six. They add 9 or 10 challenge levels but short is too long of a word to really describe those so they don't do much to extend the game. It's a one sit play.The gameplay has been simplified to smooth the transition to 3D, most noticeably in the wizard's abilities. He can conjure a box and move objects around. I guess he can fight now with a box slam. There's a splash screen that advertises multiple solutions to puzzles, but really it's nowhere near the level of previous games. There's no option to upgrade abilities, so what you get at the beginning is what you have at the end. The most improvement is with Zoya, who can wall jump and tie off objects with her rope, but all in all it's a huge downgrade from previous games. No flaming or anti-gravity arrows for Zoya, no storm hammer for the warrior, no planks or multiple objects for the wizard, no real improved abilities. Side effect being no interesting puzzles or solutions."
76561197999577800,Not Recommended,319910,24354335,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Glenn,"If you liked Trine 1 and 2 don't buy this game.Trine 1 is a beatuiful puzzle platformer.Trine 2 is a beautiful puzzle platformer, that even expanded the gameplay.Trine 3 is nice to look at. Thats it.They reduced your special abilities (i.e monster levitation, multiple conjured items,etc.)You have no skill tree. Your limited abilities are unlocked from the start.You have to collect ""Trineangles"" to unlock levels.And worst of all: This game is so easy it took 6 hrs to complete all achievements.I expected more from the third installment in the franchise. What i got was a lazy cash grab with no replayability, a pseudo ""3d"" environment where you can't even change the difficulty. Even the story Ends prematurely, hinting at DLC or Trine 4.The levels feel extremely linear,due to the lack of different abilities.Coop isn't needed. You can play every level easily on your own.The ""Trinangles"" are mostly visible at a first glance, there a very few secrets.Characters:Amadeus: thanks to his smash ability, he is the most OP Character. Kill, climb or solve ""puzzles"" with him.Zoya: practically useless, unless the level design forces you to use her.Pontius: Can kill,glide and dash. The only other useful character besides Amadeus.If you can get this game for free, give it a shot. Everything above 5€ is just too much.It pains me to say, i loved the Trine series, but this is just ridiculous.Edit: I forgot to mention the gamebreaking coop bugs.""Trineangle"" collection get's saved randomly. After one playthrough, where we collected all  Trinangles, only the host had them saved. I had to play the level again to collect stuff i already collected.Sometimes you are invisible until you restart the level. I'm sure i forgot something again, but this should suffice as a warning to potential buyers.TL;DR don't buy."
76561197982753543,Recommended,319910,18232477,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,lambkabob,"I like Trine 3.  Despite all of the negative reviews, I bought the game because I like Frozenbyte's esthetics, as displayed in Trine 1 & 2, and because while playing 1 & 2, I kept wishing the player characters could move into the scenery instead of staying stuck in 2D.Looking over the negative reviews, the complaints fall into these categories:Strangely, the nastiest reviews go on, and on, about how Trine 3 is different than Trine 1 and 2.  In other words, because some people expected Trine 3 to be like Trine 1 and 2, they gave bad reviews.  In actuality, these 'reviews' are just gripes about personal preferences.  Very few negative comments actually describe what the game _is_.  Imagine Trine 3 was actually just the first Trine game released.  Would reviews saying the game didn't meet someone's personal preferences have any value to anyone?Too short for the money.OK, I wish the game was longer too. However, I've paid $20 or so for quite a few games over the years that turned out to be dull or just no fun.  I found Trine 3 to be fun and worth the money.Bugs/technical issues.Yup, there are some bugs. In multiplayer, one of my group had some strange graphics bugs. The problems went away after restarting the game. I suspect an old graphics driver was the culprit. None of the bugs we encountered prevented completion of the game.Remember how Frozenbyte said they ran out of money?  The game isdefinitelyplayable; they should get some credit for achiving that much during a money crisis.About what the game ISI found Trine 3 to be graphically beautiful.  The puzzles are pretty easy compared to other platform games, but I enjoyed the scenery enough that I didn't mind.  Attempting to avoid a spoiler, one section has simulated paper...  It is inspired; I hope to see this again in the future.I enjoyed the 3D environment. Despite being an 'on-a-rail' type of game, there is enough freedom to explore. You can take a break to look around and appreciate the view.  You can't get the camera to show every location your player can reach, such as behind buildings, but there is nothing hidden there so it doesn't really matter. You can walk of cliffs and die. So try to avoid it (like in real life).  One minor complaint is in multiplayer, when a player dies, the 'ghost' of the player sometimes levitates to a location ahead of the other players, so you might have to wait a bit before another player can reach your ghost to resurrect it.You can map the commands to the buttons and keys of your choice, which I always appreciate since I don't use the standard WASD mapping.Using PC keyboard and mice it took my group a few tries to defeat the end game boss. I think a controller would have been easier, especially for jumping in non-cardinal directions.  But even one younger player who is typically easily frustrated, didn't even think of giving up.  I expect we will replay this again, like we did Trine 1 and 2.Note to Frozenbyte: You can't please everybody. You took a risk to go to 3D. You learned from it. I hope you don't give up on 3D because I enjoy it and I think you did it right.  I bought three copies at full price and we weren't disappointed.  If you try again with Kickstarter, I'll be there.  Hopefully you'll get enough cash to work out more bugs and avoid some of the negative reviews.  Some people complained they didn't like some of the voice acting.  After listening to some poor English overdubs of Anime, I had no problems at all with your voice cast."
76561197976645901,Not Recommended,319910,17658319,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,My Big Fat Arse,"It breaks my heart to have to give this game a bad review. Trine one and two are tremendous fun and a great way to lose friends as you constantly sabotage each other’s attempts to solve the most basic of puzzles.Trine 3 is the first Trine game in full 3d and it suffers from the same camera and control issues that plagued early Playstation one games. It’s also full of bugs, some monsters refuse to move even after you hit them, on multiplayer some of us would load in to find that they had no character to control and some areas of the map refused to load until we restarted. My favourite bug by far was when you played as the warrior, you could walk up just about any wall by hammering the A button. This would allow you to spam your way out of bounds and around puzzles. This is such an obvious exploit that I refuse to believe the developers didn’t know about it on release.So what happened? Why did Frozenbyte drop the ball on this one? Turns out they ran out of money:https://archive.is/2dZDHLong story short, the games not finished and while they have said they will patch the game in the future they have no plans to extend the length of the game (not even via DLC). Honestly, wait for the steam winter sale, maybe they’ll have fixed the worst of the bugs by then."
76561197964859538,Not Recommended,319910,17681097,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dat save tho,"-It's Beautiful, YES IT IS.-3D, interesting, can be confusing, well done.HOWEVER.Compared to Trine 2.-I'm sad that it lasted barely 4 hours, with no difficulty whatsoever.-NO SKILL TREES? I mean i KNOW it was a small feature in both last games, but damn I felt it was an interesting one. So there, they overly simplyfied the characters. My dear Amadeus only gets ONE box. And you don't even draw it, it pops, like that. I feel the little things that made the charm of trine 2 are gone here.-The WORLD MAP kills the immersion. Small ""solo missions"" on the side feel useless.-And Biggest shame of them all, the length of the UNFINISHED story you seem to barely start. I was afraid when killing the only boss of the game. I was right to be. Since it ended there. 4 hours.I loved trine 2 so much and the addition of the 3D isn't enough to compensate for the lack of content.I'm overall disapointed, sorry. It's a shame."
,Not Recommended,319910,32633767,Posted: 21 June,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","This game is so much of a trainwreck that it's hard to believe it's not early access. The various unlockable abilities and the entire leveling system in general has been stripped away, leaving each character with two actions. Just successfully finishing a level without it being broken by the physics engine is a blessing in itself, especially when co-op becomes a factor. The sheer amount of physics puzzles in the game that just don't work makes me wonder if the game was ever tested at all, and it isn't helped by the unnecessary addition of a third dimension of movement that mostly just creates more problems. But more than that, the game is blatantly unfinished, and they don't even attempt to hide it. The last cutscene is of the characters grabbing one shard of the Trine, exclaiming ""Two more to go!"", and then that's it, time for credits in a game that would be like 3 hours long if you didn't have to restart so many levels or play so many smaller padding levels to unlock the levels of the extremely short campaign. Buying this game at all is a mistake; buying it for $21.99 is budgetary suicide."
,Not Recommended,319910,33024076,Posted: 29 June,all,2Rad,"I've never written a review on Steam before, but I felt it was important to warn people against spending money on this game.Trine 1 and 2 were a genuinely delightful experience.Trine 3 started strong with the tutorial levels and then quickly fizzled out into a bug-ridden, flaccid, and deeply disappointing ♥♥♥♥♥how.* The 3D doesn't even remotely work - it provides no sense of depth and instead makes platforming and puzzles incredibly frustrating.* In the first two games, I mainly played as Zoya - she controlled fluidly, and swinging around on the grappling hook was awesome. Trine 3 completely crippled her. She can only use her grappling hook in specific, predesignated sections of levels and it's nigh impossible to control properly. Plus, she gets no arrow upgrades, so overall she's completely useless. The rope physics are impressive, though.* The story ends right in the middle.Literally - the final boss of the game is guarding the first of three key items. You beat it, expecting two more sets of levels to conquer... and the end credits roll. The end credits of the game. HALFWAY through the game. It's a disgrace. And apparently there's no plans to continue the franchise, so that's all you get. I've never been left so high and dry by a game before and frankly, I'm furious right now.* The music is repetetive, though not exactly bad.* The checkpoint and revival system is complete and total dogshit. It was perfect in the first two games, and I'm not sure why they changed it.* Like I said earlier, this game is plagued by bugs and glitches, some of which are game breaking. There are literally too many to list. Sometimes, a boss will only appear animated for one of three online players, rendering the other two completely useless cannon fodder. Sometimes you fall right through the floor. Several puzzles exist that prevent a level from being completed if done incorrectly. At best, it's an extremely laggy game even in single player, the physics (other than the rope physics) are trash, and it's just... off.I'm considering demanding a refund from the company directly. This game was a joke."
76561198022454933,Not Recommended,319910,17637545,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kenny,"WAY too short (and actually still buggy).I have mixed feelings - game looks great, music is okay (not better than in Trine 2 but its okay) Its too short, does have too many bugs and... I would say that is fine.IF not the fact that I believe I will have to pay for next few hours of storyline in paid DLC which actually♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.How to make multiple $$$ on one game?Split it to the parts. Disappointment.-----EDIT-----A friend of mine, did an stream of our gameplay (it was first game just after buying it) and I believe the easiest way to judge/make your own opinion about it would be just to see it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knYTgfrti4o&feature=youtu.beNotice: its about 50% of the game, that vid was not intended to be uploaded for a public - we did that mostly to show our friends if this game is worth a while so we are quite... natural there (dont take this video offensive in any way)"
,Not Recommended,319910,17681772,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,damoose1,"It is sad that I am doing this, but Trine 3 did not live up to the other 2 games.They should have kept it 2D. Perhaps they could have kept in a couple 3D transition parts, which gave some spectacular vistas etc. It would have significantly reduced the scope on a lot of levels and allowed for much longer game and more complete story. They even mentioned in the forum that they had a better game and story written, but the 3D made it too expensive and unwieldy.They also put in a bit too many destructible items. Sure it is nice, but having a fence that can break just makes it easier to fall off the map. It must have also taken more production time as a result. The levels, however were incredibly detailed and goorgious. The models were amazing to look at. However, due to its length, it did not have the variety of Trine 2.The 3D also reduced the capabilities of the characters and barely added to the puzzles. They took so much away, like the leveling system and most of the character abilities.The game is a bit buggy too. I often could climb up a wall that you should not have been able to and walk up above the map. There was a bit of animation stuttering and a lot of clipping too. None of this happened in the previous titles.I, personally, had no big problems using a keyboard and mouse and traversed the game seldom dying. Most of my deaths was me running off the map due to bad camera angles.The game's length and abrubt end is the most disappointing part. I finished it in just over 6 hours. That is getting all the achievements while I slowly traversed the levels looking at every nook and crany there was. I love to look at these games at a detailed level. Most will probably finish it in 4 hours. You might think that would lead the story to be rushed. Quite the opposite, however. We literally got half of the story, and they leave you on a cliff-hanger. Plus, some of the levels had little to no story narration and acted mearly as transition levels. All the side missions literally had no story elements at all and acted is basic horde modes for those to unlock further levels. Of the 8 levels, the first 3 were to introduce each character and brought them into the story. Another 1 or 2 were transitions. That leads to 3 or 4 story missions, of which 1 specific level had the majority of the entire story.It is really sad. I hope they make enough money to make another Trine. It is - hands down - the most beautiful series of games of all time. They have charming and entertaining stories, and I would hate to see it go away.They even said that this cost them nearly $5.5 million to make and their original scope would have cost over $15 million. They could not afford to finish it and if they were a bigger developer or had more money, we would have seen an amazing game. You often see other developers with budgets orders of magnitudes higher still make worse games. I wish Frozenbyte had the same opportunities.They need another go at it."
76561198071467276,Recommended,319910,18394384,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Plasmodium,"Ah, Trine 3...you had the opportunity to be a truly great game, but you turned out to be...just average.When I first heard that the 3rd Trine game would be 3D, it was essentially an instant buy. The whole concept sounded great and I was very excited to play the finished game.In practice, the 3D works pretty well now (a lot of the negative reviews seem to be of the beta, before it was all sorted). It's a logical continuation of the 2.5D gameplay and the character's abilities have been adapted to work in a 3D environment very well (though it is worth noting that the change in controls that this necessitates is confusing at first). The graphics have been updated again and the lighting, backgrounds and environments in general are just as beautiful as in the first two.So where does it fall down? Gameplay length. Making it 3D tripled the production budget, meaning that the gameplay itself had to be shorter - or the game cost more. Frozenbyte chose the former, and unfortunately, that means there's only about 4-6 hrs of gameplay, and it ends on a cliffhanger. This has attracted the ire of a lot of people, and admittedly disappointed me. Nevertheless, what there is is solid gameplay, and Frozenbyte have said they are open to continuing the series after they have reviewed all the criticism.So...down to a 7/10 or so from me. Really solid gameplay and a great continuation of Trine 1 and 2. The length issue isn't enough to stop me from recommending it, but it still knocks a few points off."
,Not Recommended,319910,17637422,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Vholst,"Unfortunately, at this time, I do not recommend Trine 3. The game doesn't feel finished with the final boss being a real let down thematically and as a conclusion. There are a total of four levels in which you control all characters, Three major where you control each individually, 6 minor for an individual character with four challenge arenas that aren't that challenging and the underwhelming boss battle. The ending screams DLC.On the positive side; the music is great, the story book levels are really great and the graphics are pretty good. It was a decent attempt at transitioning a sidescroller platformer to a 3D plane and it works here and there. However, each part of every level felt like a giant box with a connecting hallway.If you want Trine 3, wait for it to come down in price, go on sale, or whenever the complete edition arrives."
,Not Recommended,319910,17636733,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dopplest,"One hell of a disappointment.After playing Trine: Enchanted Edition and Trine 2, and enjoying them immensely, I paid $20 for a 4 hour game. This follows on the heels of Magicka 2 which, like Trine, felt underdeveloped.[Spoilers below]I've come to expect traditional fantasy tropes from Trine. So, like the past games, the characters aren't terribly original and the story's not horribly inspired. Visuals are great, the music is pretty much the same.Unlike the last two, the story goes through a detailed exposition, long enough to get you excited, then bam: you collect one piece of the Trine and you're done. You see the Trine's sister get consumed by some hellish fire -- too bad. Not like you're going to save her. Yet.The developers are probably planning DLC. With a story ending that abruptly, that's the only way to make sense of it.However, I can find no news about the DLC. It's so disturbing that they released the game like this -- either too early, or intentionally early to bolster more sales -- that I'm not sure I'm going to buy the rest of the game.I could talk for hours about PC games at this point. Either they're low quality, Early Access/Never Finished glitch fests. Or they're Trine 3 and Magicka 2: truncated, lifeless, and possibly DLC cows.I hate this because I loved the prequels so much. This entry in the series makes the entire series lose integrity.Overall, too short."
76561198035182410,Not Recommended,319910,17659566,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Metzelmax,"Omg, what have they done to trine?Frozen Byte made this game from an old school 2.5 D game into a 2.75 D game. You can freely walk back and forth and left and right, but the camera stays at a fixed point. It is as wanky as it sounds. Worst of all, there are no invis. walls at the end of the map. You can freely walljump onto backgroundwalls just to fall outside of the map and instantly die. If you could jump somewhere in T1/2 you'd be sure there to be secrets. Here it's just bad gamedesign that let's you basically wall jump EVERYWHERE.With that the platforming is beyond junky. If you have to jump on a platfrom in the distant you never know if you jump slightly in front or behind it.To the 3 heroes: They lost all their advanced abilities and skill trees. Only one box for the wizard, basic arrows for the rogue. The knight feels like a machine in comparison: Shield, charge, stomp, crush, push, you name it. And since you can basically wall jump everywhere you are almost all the time the knight.The progression has also been ruined. Remember those experience orbs that unlocked abilities? Well they are now mendatory and unlock the next level... of which there are 8 in total. WTF!This game is like a alpha of a game, or a demo at most.I wanted this game to be good! Really. I even bought it despite all the bad reviews, thinking: ""It can't be that bad. People are only butthurt because it isn't strict 2.5D anymore.""Well ♥♥♥♥ me, it is that bad.It's a shame, since the look and the feel and the sound is still Trine and as gorgeous as ever. But then you see the knight clip through walls and the image is ruined.This game is 3/10. Not unplayble but a buggy mess that is not fun to sit through.If they fix some of the more annoying issues with the game it becomes 4-5/10.If they even add some more content (For free i might add) to the game it would be even 6/10... maybe.Don't buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,319910,18486217,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mal Au,"The game is pretty, the puzzles are good, but i guess it is not finished yet, compared to trine 1 and trine 2 it is quite good, except it does not have any skills, quite bad in my opinion. And a bit mistake i think Frozenbyte made was to release it befor it was finished, really, i would rather wait 1 or 2 years waiting the game to be finished than buying it unready =/Yet i still believe in Frozenbyte, they haven`t failed in the last two trines."
76561198005915501,Recommended,319910,15478837,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Player One,"Having a blast so far. For an early access game I'm very happy. Some early access games leave me wishing I hadn't spent the money, but this isn't one of those.The mouse and keyboard controls are quite easy to use, but the gamepad works just as well.Graphics are a nice update to the series.Puzzles and collectibles keep you playing and wanting more. Cant wait to see how far exactly this early access goes, and I'm going to play the full game for sure when it's released.Looks like for the price, you get a few hours of gameplay in early access. Might seem a little high but when you think about it, the money goes to help the finished game be that much better. Worth it to support the makers and to make the game better when it's done in my opinion. Plus those few hours are great if you like the Trine games.I threw up a few videos of the heroes on my YouTube channel if anyone wants to see what they are like.https://www.youtube.com/user/HiddenLevelStart"
76561198006521653,Not Recommended,319910,24562743,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,"I loved the first two games but I found this game wanting.  I think they just tried doing too much with this game and it came out buggy and forgettable, my least favorite of the series."
,Recommended,319910,32878811,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr.Riley Steele,"Trine 3 is the latest Entry in the successful Trine Series which is a Sidescrolling Puzzle Platformer.You can play the complete Story in a 3-Men/Women Co-op which is a necessary feature if you want to have the most fun with the Game.The Gameplayis solid and reminds me of the previous two Trine Games, but the third installment is lacklustre in terms of Puzzles and overall difficulty. You still get the occasional pack of monsters or jumping puzzles but i feel they are less difficult and not much of a challenge.The Graphics and Artstyleis still as beautiful as the other two games and the addition of the third dimension in the levels are a nice change to the 2D Environments I was used to from Trine 2 and 1. But to be fair, the 3D can sometimes be a bit of a hasstle to deal with since some elements are in the fore- or background and you can miss a jump or two, but you get used to it.And here comes thenegative partof this review:Sadly the game is pretty short, it is no comparison to Trine 2. You start of on a Mariostyle Overworld Map where you can see all the Mainmissions and Sidemissions and all you can see there is basically the entire game. This wouldn't be a problem if all Levels had a decent lenght to it, but some Levels just consists of a couple of enemies in a arenastyle Map and you can complete them in 2-3 Minutes.The Character Skills from Trine 2 are gone and what you see from the beginning is what you get in the late game. Also Amadeus the Wizard has it's skills stripped down the most, to the point where you can conjure only one Box at a time.All this might sound pretty negative but nevertheless would i recommend Trine 3.It is a solid short Game and is best enjoyed with friends and a beer or two.-Cheers Riley-"
,Not Recommended,319910,15882831,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Qube,"Trine 3 is an excellent example of ""just because you can doesn't mean you should."" I am a huge fan of the Trine series and have played through 1 and 2 a couple of times with friends. They're among my favorite games of all time. And when I saw Trine 3 had a 3D component to it I was really excited, it seemed like a brilliant and logical progression to the series... but the execution is flawed.Having no control over your camera feels extremely disorienting, often not being able to see your character. Navigating in the third dimension on a keyboard with a fixed camera angle felt really brutal. I imagine it's a little bit better with a controller though.Some of the changes to the controls were obviously necessary because of the 3D element, but things like drawing boxes were sorely missed. Amadeus went from being my favorite character to play in the first two Trine games to a character that felt almost unplayable because of how bizarre his controls are. Moving his boxes in the 3D environment (and to a lesser extent creating them) felt excessively difficult.The puzzles I enjoyed in Trine 1 & 2 were complex and made me think about how to utilize all of the tools the characters have. In Trine 3 the difficult part of the puzzles felt like simply navigating the terrain and trying to overcome the cumbersome controls.There were a few things I liked about the game though. The environments were stunning, and the 3D aspect only enhanced the beauty. Some of the scenes like Pontius floating through the 3D environment, or Zoya swinging along felt really awesome and were the few times I appreciated the added depth in the game.The music was soothing and further contributed to a beautiful game as always.The writing was quirky and amusing. Thumbs up.But after about 80 minutes of trying to force ourselves to enjoy the game, my girlfriend and I put it down and are unlikely to play again. I'm really glad this series is still going, but this was not the Trine game I was looking for."
,Not Recommended,319910,17921200,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Scuoll,"The game is pretty good  , but being able to clear it in 4 hours while ♥♥♥♥ing around is unacceptable for 21.99 € . The 3D is not badly implemented , the game looks gorgeous and the puzzles are interesting , but the story (and the game) end WAY too soon , expecially if you played previous chapters of the series . Playing it with friends was a blast , but really it feels like it doesnt matter when the final boss achievement pops up as you were starting to really get into the story. 5/10 Just play Trine 2 ."
76561198035073717,Not Recommended,319910,24662328,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,asthenie_vd,"A shame what happened to this franchise. This is not a finished game. It's playable, it looks beautiful, and once you get used to background and foreground being hardly distinguishable and the camera trying everything to screw you over at any given moment, you'll likely enjoy most of the puzzles. But the plot is only half a story, ending abruptly with no sense of closure after half of your quest. Apparently the devs admitted they didn't have enough money to finish the rest of the game. It's a damn shame."
,Not Recommended,319910,17703539,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Beowulf Bjornson,"Having to mark this game as ""Not Recommended"" hurts.I loved the first two Trines but the third one is... lackluster. It is really short, the story is incomplete and the new engine is really exploitable, which makes the puzzles so easy it is laughable:- With Pontius, hold the button to float with the shield and spam jump against a wall. Watch yourself break the map.- With Amadeus, while above a box, jump and quickly drag it up. All vertical transversion ""puzzles"" are now solved.The art style and the music are top notch, they are really what made me like the first Trine. But the bad level design really hurts this one, there isn't anything in the game I considered a puzzle - no place where I had to do some trial and error in order to progress, none :( Maybe going 3D was a mistake, but I'd plame on the poor level design, as the levels are gorgeous and awe-inspiring but ultimately fail as being nice to play on.I really hope FrozenBytes supports this game and we get something akin to the ""Lost Levels"" for this one, though they should be called the ""Missing and Cut Levels"" because this is really what they were, but for now this game has to be a ""Not Recommended"", but if you need your Trine fix, you'd probably get it anyway (as did I)"
76561198038526783,Not Recommended,319910,29801991,Posted: 9 February,all,Rothrolan,"After spending 4 hours playing co-op with two friends, we finished. Yeah, 4 hours. That's it.I'll admit, we had fun playing through it, laughing as we fuffed around the puzzles and challenges. However, what the developers did to this game as a whole can not go uncriticized.We paid for a full game, but the story ends on a definate ""halfway point"" of the story. There is NO resolution to the story, you just collect half of the Trine pieces, the narrator says there's two more, and then Boom! Credits. Do we have to wait for DLC? Are we getting a Trine 3.5 coming out soon in place of a full Trine 3? WTF. I thought ""Rage"" had a terrible ending, but at least it ended.It's hilarious when your actions can break a game with glitches and the like, but geez was this filled with so many game-breaking glitches, even loading a checkpoint could still leave you stuck in one place (especially if you were the wizard, as Amadeaus has NO manueverability compared to the other two).The upgrade system to customize each character to your style of play and actually even the field with each of the three characters was not present on Trine 3, which was very much missed. As stated before, this left most of the puzzles with the wizard neding to be baby-sat through difficult or longer jumps and spinning objects, as he can only really spawn a single box at a time, way reduced from the multi-box and platform system he could conjure up on  1 & 2. In fact, other than screwing with puzzles occasionally to keep it fun with friends, he was almost useless until the one and only boss fight, when he was the only one to accurately through the flaming projectiles without killing the group.To round out, the creators rushed this game out hoping to milk their should-have-been trilogy with an almost demo-sized game for $30 my friends and I will never get back. F*** you, Frozenbyte. and fat chance we'll be picking  up the possible last chapter of this series (or 2-3, if they're really greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s)."
,Recommended,319910,15530879,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Enstage,"Only played a few hours so far. Heres what I have:Huge improvement from 2 and 1. Most notably the new 3D world, I'm in love <3.I'll add more later, but so far this game is amazing, even in early access.**********Now that this is out of early access, I'm going to recommend that game besides the terrible story ending. Still somewhat worth the purchase."
76561198017133348,Not Recommended,319910,30215310,Posted: 27 February,all,Aiolia,"As a Trine fan, the shift to 3D is not match the series so well, I still prefer 2D Trine. Also shifting to 3D kills some detail in artwork a bit, it's not so ""magical fairy tale land"" as Trine 2. Trine 3 also very short compared to the old sequal. The game seems to be too easy to 100%. The soundtrack still great thou...If you're new to this series, I would recommend you to try Trine 2 first because in my opinion the 2nd is the best."
,Recommended,319910,15485008,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,mrblizzarder,"The game is beautiful, gorgeous art, stunning visuals and new innovation brings first time 3D-mechanics in the Trine series that is great idea, I'm impressed because it's not just the same old Trine. I'm not given score yet, until final release come but the game is great so far, i highly recommend buy it immediately!  Frozenbyte won't disappoint you :D"
,Not Recommended,319910,17659286,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,German Engineer,I cant recommend the game with good faith. And that makes me truly sad.Trine and Trine 2 and all the expansions were masterpieces. But what they did with Trine 3 doesnt feel nice.They basicly took every component from trine and striped it to its bare minimum just to implement 3D. And 3D makes the game worse in many ways. You often find yourself dying over and over again just because the camra blocks the view of the obvious solution. A bridge in the foreground maybe.I cant recommend this game. If you never played trine you are in for a fun time with trine and trine 2. If you allready played trine you will be dissapointed with this and what it has become. I hope they go back to the 2D roots with next one. I would love a good trine again. And it makes me so sad to say it. But trine 3 is no fun.
,Not Recommended,319910,17652715,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,xcone,"As a big fan of Trine 1 and 2, I'm reluctant but forced to be negative about this is game. Simply because the story is not finished.The game looks gorgeous, the music very beautiful and fitting, the story arc that's there also fits the formula. The 3D world works better then I expected and I consider it a welcome change. The lack of skill development .. well, I don't really mind actually. It's about the platforming anyway.For the price, a short story/game is acceptable. But an unfinished story is never exceptable, even if I absolutely love every other aspect of the game."
,Not Recommended,319910,17756498,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,rgk,"Trine and Trine 2: Goblin Menace are among my favorite games. They have gorgeous graphics, smooth gameplay with unique characters encompassing different skillsets, and very interesting puzzles making use of the physics engine. Without forgetting a great cooperative experience, local or online.Seeing how Trine and Trine 2 were such great games, I thought that Trine 3 would be a direct continuation and I would be enchanted once more. I was wrong. So wrong.The culprit? Transition from a 2.5D game (3D game playing in 2D) to a 3D game with depth. Suddenly the controls went from smooth to clunky and too complex, and the fixed camera angles do not allow to correctly appreciate the distance of elements that are far away, leading to many unfair deaths. Many deaths including falling outside the bonds of the level. Like, getting too close to the camera and falling into the foreground.To develop my gripe with the controls, I will give an example. WASD keys used to move the character left, right, down and jump. With the grappling hook, the thief would swing from left to right using A and D, and change the length of the cord with W and S. Now, W and S are used to move towards and away from the camera, so to move in the depth. Jump thus has to be on the space bar instead of W. The thief can still use her grappling hook (on very few surfaces bearing a ring, gone is the relative freedom of the previous entries), but W and S are used to swing towards and away from the camera. So now on top of the previous keys and the new key for jump, mousewheel up and down are used to change the length of the cord. This means that something which was very fluid with 4 inputs and one hand now requires 7 inputs and two hands. Same with the other actions such as swimming and using magic boxes with the wizard: everything is more annoying to use because of the 3D.And add to the madness of the controls the issues that come with depth perception. Am I aligned with the platform I want to jump on? I think so. I jump. I fall right behind it, instantly die in toxic water and have to start over the whole level. Yes start over, I will come back to those levels without checkpoints later. Overall the 3D perspective either obfuscates elements that should be plainly visible, such as a foreground with a passage only revealed if the character moves very close to the camera, or, as I said, does not clearly convey the distances, and a single slip of the W and S keys for depth can kill the player in a very unfair way. And the levels are contained within a bottomless abyss which is very easy to fall in while exploring or miscalculating a jump that seemed legitimate.Just these two complaints, clunky controls and depth issues, are the reason why I cannot recommend this game in good faith. I did not have fun playing most of the levels because of this. The only level I enjoyed a lot, the one taking place inside of a book, was the closest to a 2.5D Trine experience. Switching the game from 2.5D to 3D also increased the cost of making the game for the development team Frozenbyte, and it really looks like they had to release it as soon as possible. Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries had exactly the same problem, trying to have full 3D in the game skyrocketed the costs, and the development team GRIN had no more money to continue making the game. So 3D increases the cost, while reducing the enjoyment of the players... Not a great deal. In the event that Frozenbyte would still want to include 3D to the Trine series to spice it up, I recommend looking up games that did 3D platforming well, such as the Mario games, Rayman 3 or somewhat Alice Madness Returns. In any case, the camera should follow the character, not be locked in weird perspectives that make the platforming horrendous. Lastly, I would suggest looking at Crash Bandicoot that managed to mix 2D phases and a 2D feel to 3D phases. In any case, sticking to 2.5D is just fine.My next complaint about the game is actually not about the length (or lack of experience points and a skill tree), unlike many players. It took me 8h for 100% and I wouldn't want more of this 3D mess. No, my complaint is about the way that the progression system was handled. Before even entering the Astral Academy I had unlocked side levels that were taking place in the academy... Overall the story felt completely disjointed, and the ending did not resolve ANY of the quests, making it feel like a botched up ""woops, we're out of budget, let's stop here"". Because of the Trineangles to collect in side levels to continue some of the main levels, the progression was not fluid at all.Talking about these side levels. They star one of the three characters alone, the way some of them (Knight) are introduced makes little sense with the rest of the story, and they have no checkpoints. Death means restarting. I am fine with some short bonus levels with an extra challenge, but having to suffer through the same clumsy physics puzzles over and over, just to get back to the part where I keep dying because the perspective messes my jumps, makes for an infuriating game experience.So, is there something that I want to redeem from this game? Well Trine 3 is gorgeous, with some new beautiful levels to go through such as the shipwreck and the unique amazing level that takes place in the book and radically changes the art style for its duration. Also, the last boss fight was really nice.In conclusion, I do not recommend Trine 3, it is clearly not as good as the other Trine games because of the inclusion of 3D and a camera angle not suitable to appreciate depth (survival horror games also dropped that system!). Even if it lacks a lot of polish I would not say that it is a catastrophic bad game, but it remains a problem that I had so little enjoyment in playing it. I still love the Trine series and hope for more of it, so I really hope that Frozenbyte will not have funding issues or drop Trine. Perhaps they could do a kickstarter if that is the case, as long as they convince me that they don't go for 3D or take a different approach than this one!"
76561198026486922,Recommended,319910,17081362,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Viking Walrus,"If you have the money then there is no absolutely reason why you shouldn't buy Trine 3, If you dont have the money then there is absolutely no reason why you shouldn't sell plasma to get the money and buy Trine 3.This game, which only has a few levels and is still in early acess  at the time of writing, is better than most finished releases. The score is outstanding. Level design is creative. The puzzles are engaging. The gameplay is fluid. The art direction is classic. The patches are frequent (and they somehow improve on perfection). The overall experience is Innovative and yet timeless. It is loads of fun. And this game is prettier than my girlfriend.Allow me to grab my soap box real quick,There has been a lot of fuss of late, about preordering games and early acess games. I agree that paying for an unfinished product is typically not the smart thing to do. When it came to Trine however I did not hesitate for a moment before joining early access. I do not preorder games beacuse they look amazing, although Trine 3 looked just that. I do not pay to be a beta tester beacuse I trust the developer, although Frozenbyte has earned my trust. I threw my money at this game because after purchasing both of the previous trine games plus the goblin menace expansion for myself, as well as many more copies for friends (some of which still sit in my inventory), I still do not feel like I have properly compensated Frozenbyte for the happiness that they have given me. Unfortunately Trine 3 has only exacerbated this issue. If the third installment in the Trine series gets cancelled tommorow I will be bummed as hell, but won't in the slightest bit, regret paying for it.If you think that it might be a good idea to buy this game, you are correct.Trine 3 isn't just good, it is unreasonably good. Like, what the hell Frozenbyte, other studios need to make money too!"
,Not Recommended,319910,32350415,Posted: 11 June,all,Ste,"The first Trine games were fantastic! And I still recommend them, however Trine 3 has been a complete let down, I ignored countless warnings because the first 2 games were so good.Save yourself money and avoid this game, I get what they are trying to do, to add something new, but it's ripped the guts out of a fantastic series and I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,319910,18895169,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,mark | dj.,"+ The graphics are breathtaking+ Open levels+ Fun (although simple) puzzles+ Collectibles add some replay value+/- Challenges aren't really a challenge, but nevertheless still kind of fun- Some bugs- A bit too short and ends rather abruptly[Rating: 85/100]"
76561197992083855,Not Recommended,319910,18135904,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Matyvalien,"One of the most beatufil games ever done , but there is not much to do, game is stupidly short and not challenging and NO SKILL TREE anymore,sadly i cant recommend this final part of the trine games(first two are absolutely amazing tho go play them instead)"
,Recommended,319910,15483442,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ManaSurge,"Playing on PCPositives:-Amazing graphics and art style. Fans of the original Trine games' aesthetics shouldn't be disappointed.-Music, as always, is lovely.-Shield parachuting-More of a cinematic feel, overall. (Cutscenes, being able to see the characters' faces as they're talking, etc.)Negatives:-While the 3D-ness can be cool and produce that ""wow"" factor at times, I mostly found it to be a bit bothersome. It makes things like placing conjured boxes especially annoying. Mage conjures a box, and I need it slightly forward of where he is, and the only way to move it forward is to move my character forward. A bit of a pain, seeing as several times, this would cause me to fall off a ledge and have to start the business over again. Would be nice if devs could add an option to move boxes and the like forward/backward with mouse scroller (much like they did with Zoya's grappling).-The camera doesn't follow your character all the time. In 2D, this isn't a problem, because there's only two directions you can basically go. 3D, however, is much more disorienting when you have no control over the camera. It may be just me, but my depth perception was thrown way off because of this and it caused me to mess up quite a bit more than is usual for me.Overall, I had fun with my time in-game. The only things that annoyed me, or made the experience less enjoyable to me, stemmed from the 3D gameplay. Hopefully, I'll either get used to it, or the devs will be able to polish it up a bit before release."
,Recommended,319910,18436526,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ziviz,"Short of it:Trine 3's story does end in a cliff hanger fashion after about 7-8 hours of play time. That said, if you liked Trine 1 and 2, you will probably like 3 and the changes it introduced.Long of it:Trine 3 was, unfortunatly, released early due to budgeting issues. It is still a fairly well polished game however. There are 8 major levels, with a good mix of mini-challenge levels. Other than the first 3 tutorial levels, the main levels are pretty long. Story-wise, it feels as though this was intended to be the first third or fourth of the full story. Game-wise, it took me just over 8 hours to complete and it was fun the entire time.Upgrades have been removed, so there are no more fire arrows or additional platforms in this game. I beleive this would have been added if the funds did not run out. The new 3D element was used pretty well with the puzzles but can sometimes lead you to miss a platform while jumping. (Depending on the exact camera angle, it can be hard to tell if you are properly aligned with a platform). The 3D element was not overdone however, which is awesome. It is still a mostly linear puzzle platformer. The 3D aspect is only used to enhance that game style, not replace it.All in all, it was definently a fun game. I hope Frozenbyte can eventually continue the story through DLC or something."
76561198335863450,Recommended,319910,30032607,Posted: 19 February,all,The Motherf*cking Mailman,"I don't know why some people are so much against Trine being 3D instead 2D. Yeah, it's different and a little flawed, but I still like it as much as the two first Trine games. Plus, it opens up more possibilities for puzzles, since sticking to 2D can only give you so much."
,Recommended,319910,15483080,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DarthIce,"As someone who thouroughly enjoyed Trine and Trine 2, I must admit they have left me awe struck once again, as this game is not just beautiful, but mind blowing because of the new added 3D envorinment. If you think the 2D platofrming/puzzle solving of the first two games were fun, wait 'till you start solving some of these 3D puzzles. I'm impressed because It's not just the same old trine, because the 3D aspect of this game brings about a whole new way of playing the game along with some new mechanics never seen before in it's predecessors. I had so much fun playing through these levels. The new mechanics left me trying to think at a different angle than what I'm accustomed to in Trine and Trine 2, while still feeling like a Trine game, and I love that!Gameplay - 9/10 -Game play was fun and enjoyable, challenging, and yet refreshing. It did have it's bugs yes, but this is early access. There is still time to iron out the bugs. Sometimes it may be a bit difficult to see at what depth of field your character is, but only in a few area's. And there are still more ways than one to solve most puzzles, so you can still manage around it, if it bothers you too much. (didn't seem to bother me much)Graphics - 10/10 -Gorgeous, and artistic. Just as you would expect from a Trine game.Fun Factor - 10/10 -In my personal experience I had a blast. I can't wait for the full game. I want to play more already!"
76561198110862082,Recommended,319910,15486046,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Savant C,"Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is, in it's beautiful art, whimsical soundtrack, clever mechanics and unfogettable characters, a worthy successor to Trine 1 and 2. The 3-D aspect creates a technological and mechanical advancement, while still maintaining the platforming, puzzle-solving, jump-and-slashing spirit of the franchise.However, like any early access game, it has it's bumps (graphics in need of polishing, game crashed when I adjusted mouse sensitivity in-game, lag/overlap etc.), but nothing too big so far.Over all, I most certainly recommend Trine 3 to anyone who has enjoyed the prequels, or is otherwise interested, with this simple caveat; the game is still in early access. If you are not comfortable with potential bugs and imperfect graphics, by all means wait for the updates and maybe even for a sale.Good game. It's got a lot of potential, and I'm looking forward to the updates."
76561198094635768,Recommended,319910,15573541,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Valacair,"The new graphics engine within Trine 3 is absolutely gorgeous! They really found a unique and beautiful art style that makes the game and characters pop. In terms of gameplay it took a bit of time to get used to the new 3-D mechanics in Trine 3, as it is one of the few 3-D platformers that doesn't give you control over your camera in any meaningful way; this can sometimes cause you to be unaware of your positioning for certain jumps. That being said, once you get used to the new format it does allow the creators to provide a considerably more diverse set of puzzles and challenges.I am looking forward to the full completion of this game as I have very much enjoyed the past two iterations of their game and would like to see where they take this one through the beta and into release."
76561198043206903,Recommended,319910,15531824,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,---Leech---,"It's already released? Ok that was fast in comparison to other early access titles. Good job.However, downfall is, nothing of the bad things i mentionned below have been corrected or changed. The story is nice, the graphics just beautiful, but:- No Level Up- Little Content (for it's price)- You can run through levels very quickly without the need to grab or find all the stuff. It feels like missing a lot, but there is no gameplay benefit of it.- Dying a lot because of walking through things and falling down.Compared with T2 it's a thumbs down. But if i look at it stand alone it has still some uniqueness and the beauty of the game gets my attention. So if it's in sales, i still give it a close thumbs up.--- Review from April 2015 below ---The game looks beautiful but has not much content yet and contains some major bugs. I think if you want to play with friends i would yet suggest to play Trine 2. If you want to test how the new look and feel of the game is, then i already give it a thumbs up to do so. The main change to Trine 2 is the 3rd dimension which most of the time gives more possibilities of interaction and solving of puzzles, but sometimes make things just more complex and complicated.Generally i will mainly compare it with Trine 2 as i have played this a lot in co-op, please apologize:- Graphics look nice and similar to T2- Pontius looks and feels to play even better then in T2. He can fly now, run or fast jump into objects.- Zoya looks better and feels similar to play as in T2. I don't like to use the scroll of the mouse for the rope. This was better in T2. And yet i didn't recognize any new features of the character.- Amadeus looks worse and is more complicated to play yet. This was my favorite character to play with T2. So i hope that this will gonna change. For example currently you have to press F to generate an object when in T2 you were able to draw it in the air and it did appear.- The 3rd dimension feels great when flying through the air with Pontius. But i don't like it if i want to jump on an object and on my perspective it looks as i would stand right in front of the object but actually i dont. Or i run into the wrong direction because the camera position is always fixed.Major bugs found after about 1h of play:- When playing Zoya i was able to walk through stone and falling through the map on several places but all near a fountain.- At the pirate ship a golden pyramid was falling out a barrel and into the nothing behind the ship, it disappeared and i couldn't get the item, so i will not be able to find and grab itI will keep playing Trine 2 because it is still more fun to play but i will follow the progress of Trine 3 and hope it will end up in a year or so as the great game it has the potential for but yet isn't."
76561198029822430,Recommended,319910,16801572,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,benji,"Have played Trine and Trine 2. Haven't had lot of time to play this one(due to another atm), but had the time to test.It's truly a unique masterpiece. The ambiance, combined with the amazing story, possibilities and the music. Just makes you float in the magic world of Trine.Another reason why I didn't hesitate with buying this game are the developers.They are just amazing, no other Indie game has such great developers. Both in listening to the community and responding.One example is that I had a question about the first version that was years ago and the Developer answered me on Steam in no-time. This goes also for others experience with the devs.The devs also released support for Steam Workshop with all the in-game content with a great editor.Trine 1 came, was worried that Trine 2 would be a replay, but not at all, same goes for Trine 3 this is what makes Trine perfect. Sequels usually mess up games, but not this one.There is not a single reason for not buying this game or even getting all three(strongly recommended)!Developers: 11/10Game in total: 11/10"
76561197960457641,Not Recommended,319910,17638264,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,zdk,"PROS:Visuals are beautifulMusic are excellentGraphics are great3D worked well in my opinion.CONS:The game itself is extremely short. 4 hours and it cost 20 bucks?DLC is obviously coming so they can get more money out of us.No talent trees for extra abilities.Had I known they were going to release half the game, then include the other half for more money later, I would have waited until all the DLC came out and was put on sale."
,Recommended,319910,17717886,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Wormoxide,"https://youtu.be/yaV9HEgW6DQ|[table]|[tr][td][h1]Graphics[td]Gorgeous.|[tr][td][h1]Audio[td]It Will Do.|[tr][td][h1]Music[td]Stealth Mode Achieved.|[tr][td][h1]Controls[td]Smooth, but mildly awkward.|[tr][td][h1]Mechanics[td]Nearly Solid, some of the physics are absurd.|[tr][td][h1]Story[td]A beginning of an adventure.|[tr][td][h1]Difficulty[td]Skiing the Kiddie Hill.|[tr][td][h1]Replayability[td]Once was filling enough.|[tr][td][h1]Fun[td]Had a blast until it just ended."
76561197974143914,Not Recommended,319910,17781837,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TrailerParkJedi,"Imagine my surprise when the game ends mid adventure for no reason. What. the. crap. ||The game is gorgeous. But it should have been announced as 'Trine 3 artifacts of power: EPISODE 1'. A lot of the previous game mechanics are gone, and instead of content, they force you to collect little trines to proceed to the next map."
76561198096714235,Recommended,319910,28658362,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kyouma,"It's good.. BUT, the first one and the second is one hundred times better than this.|Trine in 2D was a little piece of heaven."
,Recommended,319910,17671403,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,adragon202,"Gorgeous, Whimsical and Fun, this game does successfully bring Trine into the genre of 3D platformers with its creative puzzles. Unfortunately the game suffers from an extremely short and incomplete story, as well as unimplemented features.|It took me 5 hours to complete all the maps and get 966/1000 Trineangles, only to find out that the story ends on a cliffhanger and revealing you had only completed what can equate to Act 1. I can only hope that in the future some DLC comes out.|There are also hints of unimplemented features in that controls indicate that Pontius should have a second attack, however it never appears different from swing his sword and shield. I can only conclude that extra abilities were intended as unlockables but due to shortage on time and budget it was something that never got implemented.|I can only recommend this game because this company can continue to do great things with these characters if they maintain funding."
76561197973405324,Recommended,319910,17676342,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,The💗Goddess,"Go back to the Basics!|As a proud owner of the complete Trine series. i just wanted to add my opinion about the game||Honestly while Trine 3 is indeed a great game, a little bit too short for my expectations, It does not have the feel of Trine 1 and 2, that made the series Unique.||Honestly i wouldnt mind paying 30 U$D for a newer 2.5D Trine, but with fresh elements like new levels, puzzles, items and abilities. That is what Trine is about!!||dont get me wrong, it's not that I ""dont love"" 3D trine. because i do, its a neat game! but the first 2 Trine games are Solid Rock. ||Please, if you ever make a new Entry in the Trine series, go back to the ""original formula""||Cheers!"
,Recommended,319910,17714190,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DuMMyYoU,Good game.  Amazing art as usual but the game is really short and ends without finishing the story.  I also miss the ability to customize the characters.    Worth a buy on a sale for sure
76561198077338154,Recommended,319910,20357776,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TheraNord,"Even though Trine 3:The Artifacts Of Power is shorter than Trine and Trine 2, the game finally delivers what I imagined a few years ago, seeing those beautifully crafted backgrounds in Trine 2 I just wanted to escape that linear path and explore everything, well now I can explore all of it most of the time.||Here are a few things Trine 3 does great.||The graphics and art style are phenomenal and awe-inspiring and while the explorable world is not gigantic, it's very detailed and colourful.||Great voice acting, witty dialogue and clever humour.||A variety of environments wich you can explore and while the game is 5-6 hours long I don't think it's overpriced.||Unlike its predecessors Trine 3 has a much more interesting story, wich is sadly ruined by the cliffhanger ending.||Missing skills for the heroes makes combat and solving puzzles through those 6 hours a boring process because there is no variety.||A few enemies wich you can encounter, some move slow and are not even dangerous.||Very few bosses and there is no difficulty setting.||The 3D and the fixed camera work very nicely and show a bigger, more fantastical portion of the whimsical Trine world.|||All in all, the game cannot compare to the previous titles in the franchise, but still changes and mixes things enough so it's not ""just another sequel."" as some people would say.||If you don't want to pay a full price wait for a sale, but I recommend you buy it for the full price.Shorter experience doesn't mean it's bad, in fact, it's the opposite Trine 3 will keep surprising you through those 6 hours and you will not regret that you bought it."
76561198118143731,Recommended,319910,15480748,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ForTheWank,"Really good game and nice 3D effects. But in the alpha there are a bit too many bugs to play it good. There ist no sound (not only for me, a friend had no sound too) and it was lagging a bit but I think it's not that terrible.. but the sound problem is a bit annoying. But really, applause to this game I like it so far and the characters changed in a very good way! Props to you!"
,Not Recommended,319910,17658447,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Unchowiee,"This game is as beautiful as ever and the soundtrack is still amazing. However, it feels like half a Trine game. The removal of skill points really dampens the character progression. Knowing that the skills you've got is all you're gonna get is really frustrating because I personally loved the skill tree in Trine 2. |Trine 3 also diverts away from it's sidescroll nature by using a new 3D camera. This is a cool little feature but it doesn't really fit because it detracts from the orginal feel of the game. I haven't finished the game yet. I've heard the story is only 3-4 hours long. Which compared to Trine 2 is half the play time. Which is really disappointing considering the price.||This is not a bad game. It's just not the Trine experience I was looking for. All it has succeed in doing for me so far is making me want to play Trine 2 again."
76561198090503540,Recommended,319910,17674940,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sylthuria,"There is quite a lot of negativity around Trine 3, which is both understandable and sad. With the previous two Trine games, the stakes were high for the third game and it did indeed not match the expectations. Though you can still see how hard the developers worked on it and really wanted to add to the other two games and not mindlessly push out a third game without any new aspects to it. The 3D has improved a lot from the early access to the final version in my opinion, it just takes a little time to get used to it. ||Sadly, as seen in posts by the developers (you can read a post here: https://archive.is/2dZDH ), they didn't have enough money to make it as good as they invisioned. I have the feeling that the developers are NOT wanting to make the most money with this and thus push out a new game, but also want to make a great game that all the fans enjoy. I did enjoy it a lot! Yes it is short, yes there are things that could be better, but the developers know this as well but just can't make it so with their budget. At  the same time it has to be said that the game gives a lot of interesting new things, both game play and story wise and is not just a copy of the previous two games.|| There is still a lot of thought and love that went into the game, which makes it great to play!"
,Not Recommended,319910,18317604,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Coxis,"Very short and very easy. It's not like the previous two, the story ends abruptly without any real closure, it lacks any real challenge unlike the previous games and the characters are less interesting, with less actions. Having loved the previous two I can't recommend this one."
,Recommended,319910,17669691,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,^1Straw^4blue,"There are so many negative reviews about this game which is a bit disappointing. This game is definitely short, but I would say is worth the $20 all the same. What it lacks in length, it makes up for in entertaining content. This game is played best with friends, going slow and just taking it all in. (I can’t stress this enough: all the Trine games are significantly more enjoyable with friends.) Beautifully polished environments and hilarious and interesting gameplay make this game one of my favorite co-op games of all time. (The other Trine games are also on my list of favorite co-op games.) |On a different note, I see quite a few people also complaining about bugs. I have found a couple of spots in the map where hitboxes do not line up perfectly with the models, but I didn’t find any game breaking bugs in my playthrough.|Additionally, I also see quite a few people complaining about the lack of abilities in this game that were present in Trine 2. I feel a lot of those abilities would not work very well in 3D, but I agree that it would have been cool to see a larger variety of abilities in this game. That being said, the game was still fun and interesting without a larger variety of abilities.||However, I completely understand if you still don't want to spend $20 on a game that you can just rush through and beat in 4 hours; if that is the case, I highly recommend buying the first two Trine games if you haven't already done so. Both of them are fairly short (although longer than this game); but, they are both extraordinary games with cheap price tags (especially on sales.)"
76561197965380574,Recommended,319910,32848545,Posted: 27 June,all,Fudin,"Even if I'm recommending this game it gave me mixed feelings. ||- I recommend this if it's on sale and you are bored with your friends (If you don't have friend, don't buy it).|- The game was too short and easy.|- It wasn't that fun to play alone.|- Gameplay was sometimes annoying because of the 3D.|- I was really disappointed when they took the Trine 2 skills option away.|- Wizard was so boring to play because he only could make box and move items. He should go back to the wizard school.||I'll stop to write, because it seems I only got negative things out and I will soon change mind about the recommend."
76561198049832655,Recommended,319910,17702373,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,asthehind,"Trine 3. What can I say? This is a great adventure, and a worthy successor to the first two Trine games. The graphics are beautiful, the puzzles are challenging the the combat isn't too arduous. Overall I am enjoying the game, though I suspect I'd get more from it with a second player joining in. However the game is frustrating at times. The 3d perspective can be tricky to get the hang of, and the controls have strange glitches. For example, when Pontius jumps onto the ground to break objects or damage opponents, occasionally he will go charging off in a random direction when he hits the ground. While normally harmless, sometimes it means he goes sailing off into the abyss and dies! This is especially irritating on the bonus levels, when after 1 death you are sent back to the beginning. Developers, PLEASE, PLEASE! put some sort of checkpoint system in those levels! Yes they are short, but it gets incredibly frustrating doing the same bits of the puzzle over and over again so you can get those much-needed Trine-angles. |I would recommend that you play through the tutorial levels more than once. I didn't get the hang of all the controls the first time round, so a second play-through was most beneficial. Plus that sheep is adorable! :3|In conclusion, if you enjoyed Trine 1 and 2, get this! You will love it, but it will have you tearing your hair out at times!"
,Recommended,319910,17941240,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,crumbb,"An interesting direction for the series. Movement is fully 3D now. Afterplaying most of the way through it I'd say over-all it's a step backwards. I prefer Trine 2. It's still fun, and a unique co-op experience."
,Recommended,319910,17684524,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*|Just finished the game in 8.6 logged hours. If you look at the discussions here on steam, you will see that many complain about its length. I don't. The Trine series was never meant to be a series of lengthy games. It's meant to be casual fun for the casual gamer. And it is! Don't be silly and expect 20-50 hour gameplay. I see a lot of reviews by people who have finished the game in half the time I took and then give it a negative score. Why are you in such a hurry? My playthrough wasn't plagued by deaths or full level retries. When I was done with a level I took an extra ten minutes going over each area (not the full level) where I missed some Trineangles (yes, that's what they're called) and then moved on. The chalenge levels I all completed 100% on the first try. Why people feel the need to rush through games I will never understand.||Trine 1 was great. Trine 2 added new mechanisms and, in my opinion, ended up being too fiddly, repetitive and tedious as you fought the physics engine more than the game. Trine 3 simplifies the experience and provides smooth progression (some say too easy). The levels are creative and enjoyable. New ideas are well implemented.||Frozenbyte does a good job of balancing the characters and constructing puzzles that utilizes all character powers. Zoya still suffers a bit from being nerfed from the first game and Pontius is still a bit too powerful in combat after being buffed in the 2nd game. But I won't complain about that. They're all good and you'll need them all regularly to finish the game in singleplayer.||The new thing in Trine 3 is the departure from a 2D platformer to a 3D platformer. To be honest, I think it still feels like 2D but ""enhanced"" to the 3rd dimension by allowing depth movement of both characters and objects. You still don't controll the camera. It's still fixed as in the same way as the previous games. I think Frozenbyte did a great job evolving the game further in doing this. Thumbs up!||As others have mentioned, the character progression is gone. No skills to level up or abilities to unlock. This is the only thing I missed in this third installment. But I wasn't bothered by it considering how fun the game was from start to finish.||All in all a great sequel in the Trine series! I loved it!"
76561197993052239,Recommended,319910,17840939,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,dawgamims,"Listen, I know there's some controversy surrounding the shortness of this game and the cliffhanger at the end. But it's a very great, well polished game. It's a shame it couldnt' be built up to the developers vision, but even still, I LOVE it. If you liked previous trines, you'll like this one too. If you like platformers, you'll like this. If you like puzzle games, you'll like this. There's very little to not like about this game, except that you wish there was more of it. ||As for the price/value... listen, they're not charging for a full game anyways, and it's better quality than 90% of other games priced $20. ||Thanks Frostbyte, and I hope this isn't the end of Trine."
,Not Recommended,319910,28920297,Posted: 1 January,all,esem*,"As much as it pains me, I just can't recommend anyone get this game. As amazing as Trine 2 was, Trine 3 takes a step back in almost every single area. The only aspects of the game that didn't suffer were the artwork and overall design. Trine 3 was every bit as beautiful as you'd expect a Trine game to be. The biggest problem for me was that it felt like they just dissected the game of all it's core components. Removing all the talents and specializations each character had makes no sense to me. Switching from 2D to 3D when the majority of the puzzles become obnoxious in that environment makes no sense to me. Removing the true co-op aspect of the game(NEEDING your fellow classes to complete obstacles) makes no sense to me. Ending the game on a very obvious cliff-hanger, as if they just ran out of money mid-production, makes no sense to me.||All they had to do was make Trine 2 with a new story and new levels and it would have been a perfect game. Why change the foundation of something that was working so well? I'm not against progress. I understand as time passes, games and game developers want to evolve and grow. That is completely fine, but I just don't feel that was the case here. I think they got so enveloped in the new 3D world that they forgot to actually polish the game. 5 hours of gameplay that inexplicably ended out of nowhere left a bad taste in my mouth. If the 3D actually felt good and added layers to the puzzles and what not then I can adapt. No big deal. But there in was the issue. It didn't feel good. It actively made the game frusterating and clunky. I miss drawing boxes around enemies as a mage. I miss drawing platforms, having a friend hop on one, and then moving him across the level(and sometimes throwing him to his death because let's face it, we all did). ||Simply put, Trine 3 visually took a nice step forward. Unfortunately, every single other aspect of the game suffered for it. And it makes me really, really sad."
76561198091262422,Not Recommended,319910,33820909,Posted: 26 July,all,LeftAngle,"The game isn't event finished. Don't buy it. The 3D barely works. It's missing all the polish that made the first two great.|How did the developers even think this was a good idea? All right, the 3D was kinda cool in certain places. The developers just didn't bother finishing the idea. When you defeat the final (only) boss, the cutscene says how there's just one piece left of the Trine to collect. Presumably, you would collect it and have Sarek be the final boss. Nope.|The game is missing two thirds of its content. Took me five hours to 100% this. Albeit, I completed Trine 1 and 2 in above average times because I'm good at platformers, but [i] five hours[/i] to complete the game.|You're continuing to reading this because you have the first two but are deciding whether to get this. A comparison:||Trine 1:|It's not very long, but it's very good.||Trine 2:|Levels are longer, the wizard was nerfed somewhat, the thief was nerfed a lot, and the power-ups were removed. Still, very good.||Trine 3:|Levels are even longer (3D), the wizard was both nerfed and buffed in a way that I didn't even know was possible (one box, yet can move when doing magic), the thief can only grapple to certain places, character revival and other simple things were completely overhauled (negatively), and experience and leveling up were completely removed (but it was going to be in when it was still in Early Access!).||The game feels like a generic, unfinished 3D platformer made in Unity that's in Early Access."
76561198031478078,Recommended,319910,15484925,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,l0stmage,"Even in Early Access the game is beautiful, I haven't experienced any lag or stuttering at all on my GTX 980.  That said,  I have always wondered what it would be like to have a little more freedom!  Although I understand that it's early access I think the game is on the right track, and I'm really looking forward to playing this through Early Access and into full release!Gameplay feedback:There was a little bit of a learning curve with remembering that the levels aren't linear.  The only feedback I can give at this point is (I know, it's early access) while it feels 3D (movement, environments), things like aiming the arrows and moving objects around the level are still done in 2D (the character can only aim/move objects left or right from where they are standing) which has led to some rather amusing deaths by spikes, pits, and other hazards, however I can (and have) easily mis-judged a jump and landed on empty air.Don't know if it's an early access thing, or an added level of challenge - either way it won't keep me from enjoying what is without a doubt a suitable 3rd entry in the Trine series!TL;DR:Beautiful game on a current-gen graphics card (settings maxed).  Little bit of a learning curve, but still seems like a solid third entry in the Trine series.9/10 based on first two chapters of Early Access"
,Recommended,319910,17701499,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MarioDragon,"It's a great game, but not exactly a Trine game. Do I recommend it? Absolutely, it has 5 hours of co-op fun and an awesome fantasy-bursting story that ties into the first Trine game.So what do I mean by ""it's not a Trine game?"" Well, it's barebones. There are no difficulty settings like the first two Trines, instead however hard it's supposed to be is as hard as it is, which isn't very hard at all. Every little enemy dies in 2 fully charged shots of Zoya's bow or in a few hits from Pontius' sword or one hit of Amadaeus' box - speaking of which the wizard now gets an attack. While useful in bad situations, it feels weird since the wizard was almost useless for combat in the last two Trines, except (again) in special situations. The larger enemies just fly around and cast spells at you until you hit them with Zoya about 6 or 8 times and they aren't a big threat either. There's also no health jars, instead you regenerate health automatically after a certain time of taking no damage.There's a lack of collectibles. Throughout the game you'll find Trineangles, and that's it. Each major level (of which there are about 8) has 150 Trine angles, except for the final boss, and all the other little chapters have 25. What's disappointing is the only purpose to collect these Trineangles is to get enough to unlock the next chapter as your characters can't level up anymore. You won't be getting a fire sword, triple arrows, or the capability to place five boxes and two planks in this game. Also why do I have to collect Trineangles to unlock the next chapter? This is something to expect in a free phone game, not a paid for Indie (is Trine still indie?) game, much less Trine. If you ever have to go back to collect more Trine angles you don't have to finish the entire level again for the game to recognize you collected them. This is good because some levels are 30 minutes long.Back to the difficulty - there are checkpoints EVERYWHERE, and they make a ridiculous amount of noise. For the one or two puzzles I got stuck at it was really obnoxious hearing their sounds for the 5-10 minutes it took me to figure it out, but that's also a testament to the puzzles... They aren't that hard. In Trine 1 and 2 I still get stuck on a few of them, but I walked straight through 90% of Trine 3's.The smaller chapters don't have checkpoints, and as a result are rather difficult sometimes. One with a big swirly platform mess took me 20 tries and had me raging, which was a good thing. I wouldn't want there to be checkpoints in those levels, it would ruin what difficulty it has.Also, it's no longer a sidescroller, which makes some jumps harder than the puzzles themselves. It's hard to tell where you are on the ground, and where you're going to land, and I often found myself falling to my death. At least reviving dead people is easy, but you only get one per checkpoint which was never a problem with me. If someone required to finish a puzzle dies then that person will always be revived.Despite these Trine negatives, it's a good game. For $20 you get more time out of it than you do on a $60 Call of Duty single player, and the story goes much deeper into the history of the Trine and, as stated before, ties well into the first game. If you're a Trine fan then this is clearly a must buy, but don't expect a Trine game... expect a different Trine game."
,Recommended,319910,27262068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrHoover,"A brilliant game to play, amazing resolution and graphics, although a short story, but each level is quite long. This is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played, and I strongly recommend this game to others."
76561197973158160,Recommended,319910,17651816,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Beelzebunny,"So many bad reviews...I love this game. I loved the first two as well.  I didn't beat it in 4 hours though. Been playing for about 4 hours and no where near finished, but then I'm not rushing through just to finish it, I like taking my time to find all the secrets and stuff."
,Recommended,319910,20258212,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pirateguybrush,"Reports about bugs are outdated.  This now runs great, looks fantastic, and has a decent running time.  The story is incomplete, but it does have some kind of conclusion.  The addition of 3D to the series works really well, and the beautiful worlds gain much from the ability to run around more freely.  The loss of the skill tree was a shame though.I can't say it's as good as the first two, but it's still very good.  If you have the ability to play on a 3D display, this is an absolute must."
,Not Recommended,319910,25556017,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,thecenturyslayer,"This is hard.  I mean, I love the other Trine games so much, and this still has mostly the same charming environments, characters, etc.However, by adding a third dimension to the gameplay, it seems like they ruined the controls, physics, combat, etc.How about this, for example;  near the end of the game there's a log bridge that is all stored away and presumably you have to use Amadeus to free it.  In the first two games, this would have been a simple task;  magic it out of there.  How it's presumably supposed to work is the same in theory, however, in my game, none of the logs could be moved by magic.  I spent the better part of 5-10 minutes creamming a block in there to try to wiggle the log out.  Even then, that didn't work, but I did have enough of a gap to fit Zoya in between the bridge and the wall.Countless other issues arise because of the way the controlling of physics-enabled objects works now, and the wonky hot-spot/targeting system for Zoya and Amadeus.  I had boxes go flying off into space, boxes that mysteriously become immobile after touching certain objects, etc, etc.  It was maddening.The fact that the game just ends roughly halfway through is a giant kick in the balls, and now Frozenbyte says ""we're done with Trine now, maybe we'll revisit it down the road"".  First they sell this game through Early Access, then they stop halfway through and now they're just bored I guess.Whatever.  I guess they were super pumped to direct their efforts towards a Thief ripoff and a Magicka ripoff."
,Recommended,319910,17727908,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,mattmacks,"I liked the game. I have not played Trine 1 and 2 longer than a couple of minutes, so I cannot really compare the game to its predecessors. However, the graphics are beautiful, the soundtrack has atmospheric and awesome and the animations and physics in the game are a delight. I played it together with a friend and it was fun from beginning to end, without any boring levels or any downtime. There were bugs, yes, and some puzzles were easier than expected, but those are truly minor things in my opinion, because they did not distract from what the game ultimately was: pure fun. I cannot say this of most AAA games I have played in the past year, so that's something."
76561197970590424,Recommended,319910,17704542,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MrAnchovy,"Recommended - the art style is gorgeous, the technology impressive, the 3D sections really add a new dimension to play, and the game's really not too short, unless ""cent/minute"" is an indicator of ""fun"" for you. I haven't finished this one (played a lot of Trine before, but mostly on consoles), but if it clocks in at 4-6 hours in the end, that's just time well spent for me, with a beautiful and enjoyable game, tight controls, great character design and uplifting music. Give it a try if you love Trine and it's arcade/puzzle gameplay."
76561197994727568,Recommended,319910,15512567,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Night Of The JellyBabyKing™,Love it so much...It loves me cause it wont let me go play something else...Must not finish so fast...But there is a workshop...mmmmmm....
,Recommended,319910,30181478,Posted: 25 February,all,grimm,"Interesting concept with 3D, some will like some won't. I enjoyed the change. Too bad the game is quite short. The visuals are stuning as ever."
,Recommended,319910,15490448,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PetPetPet,"It's beautiful and the new 3D aspect brings an entire new dimension(hue) to the puzzles.Controlling the floaty things with the wizard is a little bit weird mostly because you have to move him up and down to move the object as well (you can't levitate the object within the 3D space).The warrior seems to be working the best since he can function like a normal character in 3D space.Zoya has issues with the arrows, aiming can either be automated towards the targets or totally all over the place.Solving the puzzles in 3D is awesome, especially one part with Zoya and the gates in the first chapter, that thrilled me. Definitely a worthy sequel, even in this early stage.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uli1L6wg30"
,Not Recommended,319910,24527268,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mcl_Blue,"This is 1/3 of a game. Literally, it just ends  after 1/3 of your quest is done, no plot threads resolved, the villain still at large, a cliffhanger blatantly left there for you to buy the sequel, which is doubtful they'll ever even make due tothisgame's bad reception. It's an insult to the franchise and it's fans. Do not give Frozenbyte the satisfaction of seeing your money forthisunfinished kick in the nuts."
,Not Recommended,319910,17647576,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"bad thing- story very short. only 6 chapter, 8 if you count the tutorial stage- the story is not even complete. Seriously, just like that???- no skill tree. what you get at beginning, that is what you can do until the end.- no character progression. no new weapon, no new skill. wizard now can only do 1 box at a time.- story progression. need to collect enough Trineangles to proceed to next chapter, which making it a chore <_<- still got bugs and glitches.good thing:- graphic is awesome as previous game. nice scenery and background.- soundtrack is amazing. love the song used in the game- Steam WorkshopThey decided to do something different, from 2D game to a 3D game. It's not terrible, in fact I quite enjoyed it. Exploring the 3D environment is quite fascinating. However, other parts were sacrificed for the 3D part making the game feel incomplete. I would still recommend this game, but only on sale."
76561198163144621,Recommended,319910,30084086,Posted: 21 February,all,Speak Life,"I think Trine 3 is a BEAUTIFUL and wonderful game. I've played all 3 at this point and while yes, 3 is shorter, it, in my opinion, is more difficult. So i barely noticed the length of the game. Everyone complaining about that is just plain silly. I love the 3D platforming, my depth perception is not great at all so it definitely made it challenging for me and was good for many many laughs when I would just walk off the edge accidentally.The respawning when you die in Co-op is MUCH better than the previous games, I really like that. And I loved that if you didn't play a character with low health for a bit in multi-player, they would heal slowly. Very convenient for the last boss battle. I was a bit disappointed that the story just stopped at such a clifhanger, I would LOVE to see a Trine 4 or a Trine 3 DLC to finish the story.And all these negative reviews will probably unfortunately ruin those chances for people like me and my best friend who absolutely loved this game and would definitely play another one.I feel that is very unfair.Also unlike most people who have complained about this game, I understand the kind of money it takes to make such a gorgeous, detailed, game like this. If this story was all they could do with their budget then that's all they could do! The fact that people say the company is greedy for wanting to make a 4 is ridiculous. People work incredibly hard on video games, more people than you probably would think it would take to make a video game. Especially when they took a big junp from 2D to going into the 3D world.I personally want to see a 4 or a continuing story of 3 very badly. Because I love this game and the series as a whole.Is it perfect? No. But it is highly enjoyable, and my best friend and I throughly enjoyed playing it together."
,Recommended,319910,19910215,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"Ragnar ""Loðbrók"" Sigurdsson","I loved Trine 1 and 2, but the 3rd one doesn't seems the same, for a platform game I don't really enjoy the 3d graphics, I would stick to the main of the serie.But overall it's a good game, so for every trine/ platform fan it's a must play."
76561198228433580,Recommended,319910,32033247,Posted: 28 May,all,jamjarjar,"Overall, I would recommend Trine 3 to others. It is not as good as the other Trine games (look at all the other reviews), but it is still enjoyable to play. The gameplay is similar to that of a Lego game except the graphics are a lot better. I had fun going through all the levels, and I hope the make a Trine 4."
76561198141226174,Recommended,319910,19929103,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BlackKitt,"I'm not much of a reviewer, but after reading the response to Trine 3 I felt I should also put in my two cents. Because I really liked Trine 3. Despite being very different from the previous games in the series, Trine 3 still has the beauty and the soul I came to know and love. The gameplay has changed (pretty drastically), but that is not necessarily a bad thing. This is what I thought was positive, neutral, and negative;The positive:- The storytelling. Now, it is true that the story in Trine 3 has an open ending (which I agree with other reviewers is a negative point). However, the part of the story that is told is told magnificently. The story of Trine 3 tackles the origin of the Trine and the other artifacts of power. Personally, I was completely engaged by the story, much more so than I was by the stories of Trine and Trine 2. I really hope there will be another game to finish the tale.- Visuals. The Trine games are all beautiful, this one being no exception. Everything is as colorful and fairytaleish as ever. I particularly loved the extra detail poured into the appearance of the three heroes. With each installment they've become more recognizable, which I consider a big plus. The first Trine was about a Thief, a Wizard and a Knight. Trine 3 is about Zoya, Amadeus and Pontius. Also, one level (I believe level 6) takes places within the pages of a book - rarely have I seen any part of a game that beautiful. Wow.- The music. There's really not much to say about this; it's amazing. The soundtrack was made by the same person who made the soundtracks of Trine and Trine 2, and he has yet again failed to disappoint.- The single character levels. In the main storyline levels of Trine 3, you can play as all three characters, just like in the previous games. However, Trine 3 also features plenty of non-story levels in which you only control one character. There are a few level focusing only on combat (most of which you play as Pontius, but also one as Amadeus) and each character has two mini-levels focused around that character alone. Pontius was separated from his companions, and his two levels focus on him getting back to them. Zoya's levels detail her search for the giant emerald she was chasing at the beginning of the game, and Amadeus takes a nap and goes on a quest for the elusive fireball spell in his dreams. I thought these levels were really quirky and fun.The neutral:- The 3D. On one hand, it is a refreshing change from the first two Trine games. The extra dimension really adds to the puzzle aspects of the game, opening a whole new dimension (literally) of possibilities. On the other hand, the camera sometimes acts wonky and missing a platform and dying is very easy. The 3D is great for the puzzles, less great for the platforming.- The character's abilities. Like many other reviewers, I was sad to see the variety of hero-specific tools and powers diminished. Zoya no longer has any special arrows, Pontius has lost his hammer, and Amadeus can now only conjure one box at a time. However, there are some new abilities I really came to like. Zoya's rope (grappling hook) has become much more advanced. She can now tie both ends of the rope to two different objects, which is very helpful for solving puzzles. And, my favorite change, Amadeus is now actually useful in battle. I had tons of fun smashing boxes down on enemies, and he was actually my go-to combat character this time around.- Having to collect Trineangles (which were experience bottles in Trine and Trine 2) to unlock levels. As a collector and achievement hunter, I never even move on to another level until I'm sure I've collected everything in the previous level, but I can imagine other players being frustrated by this. If you do not have enough Trineangles to unlock the next level, you will have to replay a previous level to collect more. The Trineangles, however, are a lot less hard to find than experience bottles, so it should not take too long to collect enough.- There are a few minor bugs. Zoya glitches a bit when she has her bow drawn, sometimes you can phase though part of a wall, that sort of thing. I found nothing game-breaking, however, and the little bugs I found did not keep me from enjoying the game. I have read that there were some issues with multiplayer, but having only played solo, I cannot comment on them. Single player works like a charm, at least.The negative:- The lack of challenge. In the first Trine game, there were a few achievements that took some extra effort, like getting through a level without taking any damage. Trine 2 was achievement galore, and I spent many hours chasing the final hard and frustrating, but satisfying achievements. Trine 3, however, is already a fairly easy game, and there are no achievements which require you to do anything particularly special - just complete the game and collect everything. I finished the game (and collected all achievements) in about 7.5 hours. Compared to Trine 2 (40 hours) and even the first Trine (13.5 hours), that is very little time. This is not because the game itself is too much shorter than the first two games, but because there is no extra challenge. I would have loved to see some achievements requiring you to finish the game on a hard difficulty, or even some of the wacky achievements from the first two games that force you to go out of your way to do silly things like making an enemy sail on an improvised raft.- The ending. It's been said by many others, and I can only confirm it. The game ends in the middle of the story, which makes it seem unfinished. From the forum I've understood that the developers planned on this from the beginning, but failed to inform their fans. Now, I did not buy Trine 3 immediately after its release, so I had time to read the reviews before purchasing the game and I knew what to expect from the ending. However, I can imagine that those who did buy the game right off the bat were bitterly disappointed by the lack of proper ending. So, if you want to buy Trine 3, do be noted that the ending is completely open and the fate of the heroes is left ambiguous.- There is no leveling. While I was neutral on the characters' abilities being mixed up, I was disappointed by the fact that all abilities are unlocked for every character from the start. The reward of unlocking extra powers for characters (rather than the much more tedious task of having to collect things to unlock levels) is, I think, what made many players chase collectibles happily. Now the collecting has become a chore, as the awesome reward of new abilities has been replaced by the unlocking of levels - which I believe we are already entitled to, as we bought the game, and therefore doesn't feel like a reward at all.So, in conclusion, Trine 3 is indeed very different from Trine and Trine 2, and fans of the previous games are not by default guaranteed to like this one. However, in my opinion, different is not the same as worse in this case. Trine 3 is still a beautiful, quirky game with a lovely story, great characters and wonderful music. As long as you're aware that Trine 3 is not like its predecessors, the game is very enjoyable. I hope FrozenBite will be able to make another addition to the series to give us a satisfying conclusion to the heroes' journey."
,Recommended,319910,19962632,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ice,"As this game engine is really hard to control at 3D , so I think it's not a good idea to make this running in this way.But still you can found that the developer made a great work at this game. So even in this very quaint and strange designing, it's not so hard to control at all if you have a very good 3D imagining in your mind, that means take your geometry if you didn't learn well before, :DIn Trine 1 ,music is good, and in Trine 2 , they made a great work that I never realize they can do this even better, and in Trine 3, it's still good as Trine 1. Which a bit disappoint.In Trine 1, you can solve the puzzle in many ways in quite a lot puzzles, and in Trine 2, I can hardly remember any puzzle can be solved in only one way. In Trine 3, maybe I didn't play so much, yet I didn't find  various ways to solve puzzle as Trine 2. Several places have a clear design to achieve this, and it does work, but not that good. And the solution didn't surprise me so much.If you ask me, I still recommend Trine 2 for you, and if you like it, I believe you will wait for another continuation.Now you won't wait.PS: ""the cake is a lie"" come from portal, I think it is saluting. :D"
,Not Recommended,319910,34100907,Posted: 8 August,all,RyRyder,"Wow are you kiddin' me. 3.4 hours ? (Currently this game's play time is : 6-7 hours . I finished 3.4 with all the collectibles. Go(o)d at platforming. ) Don't buy this game until it finishes. It's a very very unique game. I liked 3D - 2D platforming differently from the others. It doesn't seem like creators working on this game. 2 years passed and no update or anything. Trine 1-2 also very uniqe with cool boss fights. I liked 3rd game's platforming mechanics. If only we had more levels and bosses.This game has 1 boss fight and it is easy to kill. There is also 'Multiplayer' section.No one is playin' :/ . Cause its worthless and nonsense to play multiplayer at this point."" 4.5/10 ""at this point..."
76561198044493681,Recommended,319910,18896347,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Aeowynn,"Trine 3 is overall, a fun, beautiful game. You don't have to play the first two to enjoy the third one. Also, local multiplayer is an option!The upsides: The graphics are stunningly beautiful. The co-op works great, and the puzzles are well designed. Some of the bonus levels are quite challenging. The story is also interesting, and the dialog is witty; you'll smile and laugh often as the characters interact. A huge improvement over the previous installments is that the level select screen gives you hints as to where the missing collectable 'Trineangles' are in the levels. This really increased replayablility, and decreased frustration.The downsides: Frozenbyte was only able to complete the first half of the game, so it ends abruptly at a cliffhanger. They did say they would produce the rest when they had enough in their budget to finish the game. Occasionally, the 3d is difficult to navigate, and occasionally there are bugs - every once in awhile the 'trineangles' would only collect for one person in multiplayer. This wasn't a major issue, more a minor annoyance.Overall, I strongly recommend this game. It's tons of fun, with great multiplayer, and a beautiful world to explore."
,Not Recommended,319910,24507741,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DeadPoolX,"Trine 3 might be one of the absolute worst games I have ever played in over 30 years of gaming. It saddens me to say that because the first two games in the series were great, but the third game is a rancid piece of crap.What's wrong with it? Well, here's a list:1. Controls randomly stop working.2. Tons of glitches in multiplayer.3. 3D is horribly implemented with no ability to tell depth, and there's no way to turn the camera. This results in countless deaths that could easily be avoided with a properly designed 3D engine.4. All RPG elements from Trine and Trine 2 have been removed, so no more upgrades.5. The thief's bow is practically worthless when using a controller, as it can't aim properly and pathetically fires arrows that limply drop to the ground.6. The wizard can no longer create anything other than boxes (so no more bridges) and can't levitate the boxes if another player is standing on them.7. In co-op, if one player dies, the game PURPOSEFULLY places the player's ghost in an area that's difficult for the other player to resurrect them. I've even seen it put dead players behind gates or in acid pools, the latter of which would kill the player attempting to ressurect his or her buddy.So what's actually good about the game? The graphics are nice and it has a decent sense of humor, but that's about the best I can praise this ridiculous waste of hard drive space.Look, if you liked Trine and Trine 2, do yourself a HUGE favor and DO NOT buy this game. Trine 3's horrible game design, controls, and gameplay will completely ruin the series for you. Instead, just replay the first two games.The only way I'd ever recommend Trine 3 is in one of the following three situations:1. You get it free.2. There's a sale where it's cheaper to buy all three games together than the first two by themselves.3. You're a masochist.If none of the above apply, then stay far, far away from this garbage."
,Recommended,319910,26378346,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"Very fun game, however it is VERY VERY short. My friend and I finished it in ~5 hours and we completed all the achievements as well.I wouldn't recommend you get this at full price (since it's about ~5 hours of playtime), very recommend if you can get it for < €5,-"
,Recommended,319910,29141953,Posted: 9 January,all,Vermilicious,"The Trine series has gotten a new dimension. That's right, maps now have depth. It was a natural idea to explore next, and for the most part, I think it was successful. The game is, if possible, even prettier than the first two games, but this time with 3D models (and a couple of maps with a strange sort of cartoon shader applied). The sound is also just as good as before. It's a great piece of work, and certainly not deserving the low review score.However, reaching the third dimension also introduced some small bugs and wonky physics, but that's forgivable. The biggest down-side, is that the game is kind of short, and that the story isn't complete. On the other hand, they introduced small action-packed side stages to play. Another thing is that character upgrades are gone, meaning the different classes are much more shallow. What you can do at the beginning is all you'll ever really do. The puzzles might just require a little bit of creativity with it, but not a whole lot. As for the puzzles themselves, they are one the easy side, but now and then it's challenging enough.A definitive recommendation from me, even if I felt a little let down from the lack of story completion and a few other small things. All in all a solid game."
,Recommended,319910,22306936,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Miyin,"UPDATE TO REVIEW, SCROLL DOWNAccording to the other reviews, the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but most of them seemed to be focusing on the multi-player aspect. So for me I only have 2 hours at the time of this review, and that will grow until I complete the game, but in the singleplay I don't see any of the complaints that a lot of other people are having. So far I have ran into minimal glitches, and the puzzels are just as deep as in Trine 2. I also see the other people say the story ends abrudtly, which I have yet to figure out for myself, but so far the story, within only 2 hours has kept me interested. The graphics in this game as per usual are amazing, and playing on my crappy laptop, only on the very low settings it still looks stunning, with the normal enchanting Trine styled landscapes and colors bringing you to a very fantasy like place. The movement is this game is also very smooth. When I saw that they were moving away from the 2D platforming that they did in Trine 1 and 2, I was skeptical, first off because I didn't see a reason for them to change it, but when I hopped in and started playing, it still had the classic Trine feeling to me.In short: According to others, the multiplayer is bad, but I have found the single player to be enjoyableThe story so far has been compelling and interestingThe graphics, and game design are greatMinimal bugs, (I have only ran into two which I'd say is pretty average, and they weren't game breaking or anything)There is Smooth and enjoyable movmentOver all I think that this game doesn't deserve the bad stigma that many other people are giving it, so don't let other reviews throw you off too too much!UPDATE:As much as I wanted to like this game I can't give it a solid recommendation after completing it. Over all this game left me feeling super empty. So the game bassically is made of 3 different styles, one where you are at a wizard castle, in a book with very bland colors, a snowy forest and  a generic boss fight stage. The rest of the game is made up of a few side quests, that you MUST do to progress through the main story.Now that isn't my main complaint. My problem is that there just isn't enough. The game leaves you off where it shouldn't and to me it looks likes the developers tried to get more rmoney by not making this a complete game. The game leaves of to set up a sequel where there shouldn't be one is what im basically saying. Now this annoys me a lot. The trine games normally have great story but then when you come to this game is very, and I mean very lack luster. It started out interesting and then it turned out to be a thrown togethor mess.Now another problem I had with this game as comming back after finishing it is that it had Zoya as a very and I mean VERY usless character. She had no part in the boss level and in most other levels she was just a swing around little thing, which is a shame beacuse in Trine 2 she was a lot of fun to play with.Now the last part that urked me is the lack of boss levels, and how the game lead into them. The game seemed to just throw them in as an after thought instead of actually making it flow through the game. In trine 2 you are walking through a forest and then you seemlesly walk into a boss that I didn't expect, but in this game you have to load a new level and it is very predictable if you have half a brain.So with all of this in factor as well as the first review, I am going to be neutral on this game. I would only suggest buying it on a large sale or if you are a super mega fan and just can't keep your hands off this series. Although I can't actually not give a up or down so im going to just keep it as an up!"
,Recommended,319910,22194526,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bassem,"I usually write reviews after being done with a game, but I feel I should leave some early impressions already because I see so many negative reviews, especially about the controls. I'll edit my review when I'm done with the game.Personally I think they did a fantastic job with the controls and puzzles. the added depth (literally) to the gameplay allows much more room to play around and find creative solutions.About the lack of skill upgrades: People forget that Trine 2, with its skill upgrades, was already a simplified version of Trine 1 with its additional skills and also items and trinkets that you equip for buffs and so on. Each sequel is simplifying, and that's not necessarily bad because it's a lateral change, not a step down.I have not played long enough to see if the idea of unlocking levels with gems is frustrating. In the early game it isn't, but maybe later it will be. I already like to replay levels, so I doubt this will bother me.Probably the only thing that will really bother me is the reportedly short length of the game.Overall, so far, I am loving it. So far, a worthy successor to the earlier games.(And Lord, those graphics.)"
76561197967645948,Recommended,319910,17976117,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,McRed,"With the 3D environments introduced in this one, you'll find yourself making minor adjustments in the way the game is played.So far the only character I found a little tricky to control was the wizard. Either way, after I got though the small learning curves I find that this game continues to deliver that sense of wonder and adventure for me that it's predecessors did.It's also very reasonably priced. So you'll easily get your money's worth and then some. If you enjoyed any of the other Trine titles then there's a good chance you'll enjoy this one too."
,Recommended,319910,32898876,Posted: 27 June,all,Couscousy,"5/10Lacks the level depth and puzzle complexity that made the first two Trine games great. Short mini-maps were fun, and the 3D mechanics are nice, though I found the controls a bit odd even after rebinding (used keyboard & mouse).Too few achievements, all of which can be earned in a single playthrough.Visually, this game is just as pleasing as the first two, but not worth its full price. I would not recommend buying until at least 75% off."
76561198055913005,Not Recommended,319910,29237091,Posted: 13 January,all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,"Did you like the 2D Platforming of Trine 1 & 2? Enjoyed the upgrade system? Hell, Do you want to play a full game? Great, Then leave this store page and play its predecessors."
,Recommended,319910,26110135,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Smooth Vader,"As a fan of the Trine series, the hype train surrounding Trine 3 made me nervous. Zoya is less fun! The game is short! The depth (literal 3d depth!) is awkwardly excecuted! Said everyone.Zoya does play a little differently. Amadeus has much more potential than he used to. Pontious feels at home. My wife and I frequently switched characters while solving puzzles, and I feel that's a testament to them being a little better balanced.The Chapter selection has a wonderful ambiance, which helps the story unfold quite nicely. The level design feels fantastic - except for when it doesn't. The levels are cohesive and immersive. You really musn't be afraid to walk toward the screen, or all the way in the back just to look around, or you might get hung up or lost in a silly spot.The end of the game did feel abrupt. It's less of a cliffhanger, and more of a sentence that got cut off, as if expectations and development time took very different turns than originally planned.All that said, My wife and I had a lot of fun over a few nights. Though the game felt short, we really enjoyed ourselves. If playing single player only, or paying full price, I wouldn't recommend this. If on sale or planning to play with someone else, I would definitely recommend picking up this title."
76561197960932602,Not Recommended,319910,35090994,Posted: 20 September,all,Studly,"I loved the first two trine games, but sadly this one just missed the mark and replaced what was great about the old ones and replaced it with a inferior system. This game has some great artwork better than the first two but that is the only positive i really found in the game. The story is okay, but it is incomplete and probably will never be finished as the developer has scraped the second part of the game.  Each of the three characters are now boring to play.  They have limited your skills, and there is no unlocks for the characters. The puzzles in this game feel really basic and takes no time to just walk through a level.  The hardest part about the game is controlling the 3D aspect of the game. The 3D just doesn't fit well in this game and/or just wasn't implemented right. I have been playing this with a friend and we both get more frustrated with the crappy controls and the 3D gameplay than anything else and we both wished it was more like the first two.TLDRpros:Nice Artworka start to a decent storyCons:the 3d was poorly implemented and awkward to navigate.the characters have been over simplifiedthe puzzles have been simplifiedHalf a story with the second part being scraped by developer.Overall they just missed the mark on this one."
76561198084075176,Not Recommended,319910,22229296,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Need Boost!,"big no.they removed the skill tree, witch makes collecting the thingys pointless..they removed a lot of fun aspects from trine 2;as the mage, you can only make boxes now, and you dont even draw it, you press a button and the box apares over your head, and you can not adjust the size.you can not magnetize boxesyou can not make planksyou can not levitate enemiesyou can not trap enemiesas the archer,you can not use gravity fieldyou can not use frost arrowsyou can not use explosive arrowsyou can not throw hammer as the fat guythey basically removed every fun aspect of the characters..and the 3D aspect is just wierd! hard to controll the characters compared to trine 2.also, the combat was DEAD! waay too easy, and boring.. your are fighting saplins.."
,Not Recommended,319910,33568111,Posted: 15 July,all,Shiroi Ookami,"That game is a big dissapointment. Compared to Trine 1 and 2 this is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whose idea was it to make it ""3D""? I don't think You can even call it that. It's a weird mix of 2D and 3D making it really hard to even see where you r jumping which makes you die a lot. Also hitpoint for zoya is so bad, you can barely shoot anyone. Basically if You r playing with someone you either take knight and kill everyone, or just run around as mage/thief.Also mage: what the hell did they do to him? Making him basically useless in most situation! Compared to trine 1&2 he's just boring!"
,Recommended,319910,15652603,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Colorful Cat,I played it with a friend in coop and i didnt have any issuesjust a great game with GREAT grahicsfor anyone wondering hmm...should i play it or not: its an BIG yes for megood job developers ones again
,Recommended,319910,15493861,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,tornado5528,"So far, so good - as a big fan of the Trine series, it's a lot better than I was expecting for an EA title. Bring on the rest of the game and let's hope it's just as good!"
,Not Recommended,319910,31795528,Posted: 16 May,all,Kiraihto,I really enjoyed that it was in 3D. But 4 - 5 to get all achivements? Wtf. 21 euro for 5 hours of gameplay is not worth it at all. If u rly want this buy it on sale.
,Not Recommended,319910,34385247,Posted: 20 August,all,h3knix,"I can't recommend this game because of the cliff hanger ending with no resolution. From what I read, they didn't have the money to finish the game. If they wanted to have a shorter game because of finances then fine, but the least they could have done is to wrap up the end of the story that the player was engaged in before the game abruptly stops."
76561198075181292,Recommended,319910,20789867,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SparkIePony,"3/5If you enjoy the Trine series, you will enjoy the game, but Trine 3 doesn't quite meet all my expectations.The biggest gripe about the game is that it is short - very,veryshort - and leaves the player feeling as though they have literally played 1/3 of a game, as the game ends at the 1/3 mark in the story. Very disappointing.The first two games in the Trine series feel more challenging and the player feels rewarded, as there is some degree of character customization in that you are able to obtain trinkets and upgrade abilities. This aspect is completely absent from Trine 3 and is sorely missed, but what it lacks in challenge, it makes up for in beauty. In addition to the obvious graphics updates, Trine 3 upgrades the game series from 2D side-scroller to 3D ""side-scroller"". This makes the gameplay more interesting, though in a couple of levels (the ""paper"" levels), it unnecessarily adds to the difficulty of judging exactly where your character is jumping to. Although this caused me a minor headache at least once, most of the game is free from this being an issue.According to the developer, the jump from a 2D platform to a 3D platform made the game, essentially, three times the cost, so rather than committing financial suicide due to poor planning, they released 30% of a game. 20/20 hindsight.Although this game had its letdowns, I hope this isn't the end of the Trine series due to development issues, but I do hope future titles are capable of delivering longer gameplay and reintegrating the ability to obtain trinkets and upgrade abilities. The graphics were gorgeous, but to the detriment of more meaningful gameplay."
,Recommended,319910,21017161,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Amazing. Trine is truly a work of art. This is quality work and you can see it. A must try for all gamers. I'm currently at 300+ Triangles and will be completing the game. I will add more later on. Trine 3 suffers from the same problem as Trine 2, it's always too short. I finished the main campaign in 4 hours. Spoilers? Nah. Play the game to find out. Just note that there will be a Trine 4. Since the game ended too fast, pass for Frozenbyte. Sadly, it takes less than half the time for Trine 2.$5.50 on the Steam Lunar New Year Sale.PROS1. GraphicsThe beauty of the world of Trine is amazing. I've played Trine 2 and it still amazes me.2. Foreground and BackgroundIn and out, back and forth and even sideways. The variety of movement just allows for a great gameplay. While not fully 3D (which is not a problem at all), it gives players a change in environment that is fun to experience. You can see this in game like Little Red Riding Hood : Wolf, it's very interesting.3. Warrior BuffLuckily, there are some challenges that Pontius the Brave (The Warrior) is required to do. E.g. Reflecting fireballs with his shield4. The Chapter Selection Board GameSo cool. I loved the way the developers set up the world on a board game with giant dice and multiple pieces.5. Boss FightPretty cool. I loved how the animated root is both a puzzle and a battle. E.g. Shooting his weak spot, followed by a attacking his heart6. Picture Book PuzzleSure, it's just a skin change of the game. But it's refreshing to play.7. Wizard's TowerIt's pretty well done. So far, this is the part that is most interesting.8. KippoI love the giant troll? fisherman. ""I haven't caught a fish all day."" The way he walks off into the background is just so enthralling.CONS1. OP WizardStill suffers from Amadeus being critical in certain puzzles. The ability to create crates is just necessary to give you that extra boost.2. Weakest WarriorToo many of his abilities are combat based and >50% of the game is puzzle based. Swinging the sword can be achieved by smashing heavy objects or arrows. He is useful for combat but the Thief can do the job as well. Perhaps more floating shield challenges or something only he can do underwater.3. Foreground DeathI actually died jumping into the Foreground. Considering that you can't change the camera view, this is very bad game design.4. Too Short4 hours and it's over? Fail. This is too short a game to be worth the money. I was secretly hoping you were going to surprise me with the cloud around the game board disappearing and showing me a gigantic map, making me feel like the first 9 levels were just the tutorial.SUGGESTIONS1. Bending Light PuzzlePontius has a shiny shield, right? How about bending light to hit key objects by reflecting them off his shield?2. Spike Rain PuzzleHail of arrows. Only solvable by Pontius. Ensure that Amadeus' crate will break under the hailstorm of arrows. This will ensure that Pontius is given more importance.3. Expandable MapI wanted to see the clouds disappear and see an enormous map of the world of Trine with the mountains, rivers, lakes and clouds. Then the tiny heroes can run over to the location and start their adventure. The map would also be interactive and alive."
76561198024842109,Recommended,319910,22084517,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Yuugal,"I really enjoyed this.  Good story, good artwork, and the 3d was fun even if a little wonky sometimes.  Don't let the people who wanted a AAA game fool you into thinknig this game sucks; what makes this series so good is the obvious attention to detail you see everywhere.  Instead of being lauded for not releasing the same ol' same ol', the devs got slammed for trying to make a great series even better. I'm glad I bought it."
,Not Recommended,319910,22696465,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PrincessRainbowJumper,"What a pity, the first 2 games were amazing and this is just garbage.The 3D gameplay was trash and the story was so short."
,Not Recommended,319910,30155796,Posted: 24 February,all,[IJL]nitraM,Wheres the rest of the game?
,Recommended,319910,33941055,Posted: 31 July,all,.:*Kylynn*:.,Not sure why so many people have to ♥♥♥♥♥ about things - it's a beautiful game and is a lot of fun. Only downside I can agree with is that it is a bit too short in comparison with the other Trine games.
,Recommended,319910,18936253,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NADRIGOL,"Just finished playing through Trine 3. I've put off purchasing this due to the many ""helpful"" nagative reviews. However, it was half price, and I love the Trine series too much to pass it up.I wholeheartedly enjoyed this game.The graphics are as lovely as it's predecessors'. The gameplay is smooth. The story is on par with the series. The collectables are fun to collect. I feel cool when I do cool stuff.To address the common critiques.-The game is short.Yeah it is. I started it yesterday afternoon and finished it this morning. However... I could play through the previous Trines in that time as well... You know what you're in for. At the $12 I paid for it... well worth it! At $24, maybe a bit much. But now knowing how much I enjoyed it, I would tell past me to go ahead and buy it full price.-3D is weird. Graphics are glitchy. Controls are hard.Maybe. Rarely. Not really. The 3D looks lovely. Do I think it really adds anything? No. I think most of the levels could be easily redone as sidescrollers. But at the same time, the game rarely forces you into a super 3D enviroment. I would describe it as a sidescroller with a bit of depth here and there. Glitches? Only when I tried to climb the background scenery I had no reason to climb. I had almost no issues/glitches during any critical gameplay. The controls were fine. Once in a while, object depth combined with weird lighting shadows, made thigns a little unclear. However this was only a couple spots, and I'd like to think of them as learning moments in gameplay.-Ripoff endingIt's clearly chapter 1... and aparently money may keep us from the rest of the story... But I'd like to encourage you all to buy it and support the devs if you hope to see the rest.Stuff I liked-3D has it's momentsIt really adds to the previously monotonous combat. One more thing to pay attention to. The worlds are gorgeous. Object interaction is 3D is cool. While I would have been happy with another 2D Trine, I have no bad feeling about 3D after playing it trhough.-Combat is coolThe Knight finally has his moments in combat with all sorts of knockback. The Wizard is given a box smash attack which keeps him combat non-optimal, but not totally useless. The Rogue's attack is insanely well controlled for how difficult it must have been to program. Her range, the areas combat occurs, and the speed and movement of the minions strikes a good balance to keep you switching between characters.-Game looks so good.In case I haven't already made it clear... This game was as stunning as the first two. Character models, level design, textures, effects... all lovely. The whole playthrough was lovely.My point is... buy the game. By comparison to the first two, it's clear where people are pulling critism from, but viewed on it's own I think it's a great game. And I think most Trine players will appreciate the new experience."
76561198056352614,Recommended,319910,17245267,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"With the same taste and art they had crafted in the first two, Trine comes through for me with a 3rd installment of this wonderfully puzzling and magical series.The graphics are just beautiful, the storyline is charming, the gameplay is just as challenging as it was before, only now the puzzles become even more dastardly as you fit into the 3D realm.If you are a fan of platform puzzle games, you CAN NOT miss this title. You will live your life in shame if you do not try this series out. WOW... I am so impressed by this company and what they are doing. It is a turning point to me, and I was around when Castlvania 1 came out for the NES.I should mention though, due to the early access stage that it is currently in, it is pretty short. Only abour 3 hours of gameplay, so if you aren't interested in supporting the series, I would wait until launch."
76561197970934215,Recommended,319910,17184188,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,siranthony,I loved it. What there is of it. I'd say about a quarter of a game at most for the early access. The boss battles are too easy. Beutiful levels. A big upgrade from trine 2. Art I'd say. The female character should be more mysterious. She used to have a veil.
76561198037456826,Not Recommended,319910,17667098,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Aerican,"I just complete the entire game. As you can see, by my hours played. It doesn't take that long.. I played trine 2 and loved it. Always playing 3 man co-op, as did I this time. There is so much wrong with this game I'll try to put it all down, but I'm not sure I'll remember everything.1. Very short gameplay, looks like there will be DLC's to complete the game, as it is clearly incomplete judging by the story line.2. Zonya is competely useless. There are barely any things you can slingshot on. The mechanic feels clunky, and in comparison to Trine 2, hard to use and unrewarding. Zonya is the pontius of Trine 2, needs help at a lot puzzles, and when she doesn't she can just swing over with 0 problems just skipping everything. No explosive arrows. No freeze arrows. No invisibilty.3. Pontius is overpowered. Why, because his attacks our so fast he stun locks everything while murdering it fast. He can spam his ground stomp, stunlocking everything and making everyones screen shake uncontrolably (NOTE: Screen shake can NOT be turned off). And the most OP thing about Pontius is that he can go up any vertical wall. By spamming jump and glide, you can steadily move up anything that has a wall connected to it. No magnetism.4. Pontius doesn't even come close to the crazy OPness off the Mage. The mage can now walk while levitating his box. Meaning he can jump on the box, jump again, grab the floating box again and move it under his feet, jump again, etc. Also, pontius needed at least 1 wall, the mage can doesn't. He can launch himself up high in the air out of the screen, by simply standing on his boxes, jumping, and dragging the box fast upwards against himself. If there's nothing stopping you, can simply fly or reach anything with your 1 box. Can no longer spawn planks. No longer summons by making a box or plank shape (In my opion an very cool mechanic. Now deleted.)  no magnetismThis is not a bug by the looks of it, as you can now only spawn 1 box.5. They deleted the skill tree. Yes, the fun progression you got by collecting those orbs in Trine 2, and slowly earning your new skills. Gone. You start of with the same abilities you end with. Nothing new. Actualy less then Trine 2.6. Game is still full of bugs. Happended multiple times bridges start spazzing all over the place and disapearing. Falling through bridges or platforms. Teleporting after being hit by Mage box. Rope spazzes from Zonya. And lots and lots more.7. 3D sucks balls. This game isn't meant for it. Clearly isn't. And judging by the game, it feels like the developers agree and just released the game, so they would be done with it and can focus on Trine 4. You have barely any concept of perception, you tend to jump infront or behind platforms half of the time. The mouse scrolling to change the depth of your floating box as a mage feels bad. It makes the game look less beautiful then in 2D.8. The game is incomplete, and will most likely force you to by DLC's to complete the game. Which is just sponging us off for money, and that's all this game feels like right now.TL;DR Game takes 3-4 hours to complete. You can cheese everything with pontius and the mage. Full of Bugs. Game is incomplete. Zonya is close to useless compared to the other 2. 3D is not the way to go for Trine.I hope there will be a trine 4, as the first thing I'll do is replay Trine 2. I loved that game and still do, but this trash isn't worth a it's money, nor a second change for it's DLC. Please stop putting effort in this game and just start Trine 4 in 2D, so we can forget this ever happened."
76561198094026834,Recommended,319910,22694268,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Boerevla,"After having played both Trine and Trine 2, this game seemed rather short.Pros:AMAZING graphicsfun storytellingCons:Shortlasting adventure3D seemed a bit weird to move inThe moment I had finished the game, I stared at my screen for what seemed like an eternity, wondering if that was the actual ending.I would definitely recommend this game, however I would recommend Trine 2 way more, there's just so much more in that game."
,Not Recommended,319910,29084309,Posted: 7 January,all,Windmill,"I loved Trine and Trine 2 because of their interesting puzzles but in Trine 3, the move from 2D to 3D was not thought through. The camera angles are really bad and make it difficult to judge distances. The worst part of the game is that youhaveto collect enough trineangles to advance even in the main storyline. I deleted the game when I couldn't advance. While the environment is absolutely gorgeous, the 3D simply doesn't add enough value to the game. I don't understand why the developers added it and removed the RPG elements of the game, like the character upgrades."
76561197960596704,Not Recommended,319910,29103787,Posted: 7 January,all,Ikarus,"So first of all i rly like the Trine series. Trine 1 and 2 are realy great 2d platformer.Trine 3 is in ""3D"" with fixed camera angles. These camera angles are just bad. It also makes the control unnecessary difficult in certain situations.The sad thing about this game is that is was never fully completed, it is just a third or fourth of the originally planned game.In general the beginning of the game is the easiest part and this game seems to have only the easy part.The atmosphere is good and i also like the graphics, even though it is not as great as in trine 2. The music / audio is good.Unlike Trine 2 you have no skill tree and just the ""basic"" skills.I bought Trine 3 for 4,12€ in the winter sale instead of the 22€ normal price. The 22 is a joke. For 4 it is ok, but not great.You get 4-5 hour playtime (maybe 6 when you collect everything), which is not enough for a game for me, but as stated above it was never finished.My suggestion is, first try Trine 1 or 2."
,Recommended,319910,20746586,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,"I will put the thumbs up and recommend because I want the developers to continue to develop this game, however it is not a complete game, it looks more like a demo!Its way too short and the game ends when the story has just started.Anyway, the game is good and the 3D is the best as always in the Trine series, just hope they will release the rest of the game soon."
,Recommended,319910,22186280,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CRITTERS,Nice game but Trine 1 and 2 much better than 3. I hope trine 4 will come...
,Recommended,319910,22186504,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,l3v1l33™,"i dont know why people are so upset about this game. yes there is no lvl system, yes you have to collect tri's to open new lvls. but they are so easy to spot they glow bright yellow in a purple world. the 3d value of the game is amazing. there is a couple buts with cut sceens. but nothing thats going to crash your game. you start with everything you would at the end of trine 2. its all abou the story and puzzle solving with this one. i recomend this game expecially when its on sale. dont let someone who thinks they know the game inside and out deture you from experiancing this game. try it for your self."
,Recommended,319910,20856021,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mirealith,"Trine 3 is the most beautiful game i've ever played - far more beautiful than the earlier games in the series. BUT this does not subtract from the gameplay, i found the challanges and new ""2D 3D"" really awesome and fun, i felt like the earlier games was often about solving puzzles in a weird and wacky way, where as in Trine 3 the puzzles are far better and more fun!Do not be fooled by all these people that hates the new 3D, a game has to ""innovate"" or come up with new ideas so it's not just a rebadge of the old game. I personally find it awesome.Ps. prepare yourself for the most epic bossfight in the final level!"
,Recommended,319910,21408525,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,liQuid,"yeah its shorter than the first two, but still awesome and a must have for fans of the series.the 3d movement is well done while keeping the trine feel, even though it can be a tad frustrating at times.worth it imo"
76561198062006991,Recommended,319910,21972741,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Berike,"Greate game, but it's easier and smaller than the previous ones... like the new mechanics with objets, but should keep characters habilities."
,Recommended,319910,21698141,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is unfortunately quite the divisive title. This most recent addition to the Trine franchise attempts to breach new ground in terms of innovative gameplay, and while respectable in concept is flawed in implementation. Trine 3 can be described as a concept piece with a limited budget. It would seem that the visuals took the cake in regards to the budget, and in doing so failed to incorporate what makes the Trine franchise so enjoyable in it's previous iterations.First of all the mechanics of the game received a complete downgrade, from the lackluster puzzles to the touchy combat, and the greatest offender - the platforming. Gone are the collectible items of Trine 1, gone are the unique skills of the three heroes in Trine 2. Each hero has been given one sole ability, from the Wizard's one box, to the Knights glide and the Thief's hook swing. This negates much of what made platforming such an enjoyable experience - the variety and complexity of how to traverse the terrain. In fact, the simplicity of movement was very important, and with the ""3D"" visuals one would need a sharper eye and the ability to perceive depth and distance more accurately.Secondly, Trine 3 unfortunately manages to completely bypass any semblance of an original tracklist, and instead makes use of remixed music from both the previous titles. This is something that I can often look beyond, but as the previous Trine games have always delivered incredibly original, exceptional and beautiful music that I was saddened to see Trine 3 without it's own unique musical flair.Thirdly, Trine 3 was surprisingly bereft of a story. It's narration was scattered, and it's length incredibly short. The focus this time around was on the origins of the Trine, and throughout the narrative we gain little insight (if just slightly enough), on the Trine, the other artifacts, and our heroes antagonist - Sarek. Perhaps if the developers had taken this story to it's conclusion... perhaps if they had continued with another mission or two? Rebuild the Trine this game, not the next. Give us a climax to the events of the game, not a complete cutoff halfway through.Now, perhaps the title's saving grace would be the fantastic visuals. The new ""look"" boasts some magnificient visuals and artwork as well as reasonably well designed and animated character and object models. Most importantly, the absolutely stunning game level backdrops are quite the treat. Looking beyond the surface layer is where the gorgeous visuals truly shine. With Trine's attempt at 3D gameplay, much was done to develop the world in terms of it's landscape, from the rivers and oceans, mountains and canyons, castles and villages. Unique perspectives, angles and the like really add to the overall achievement in artistic design and direction.In the end, Trine 3 is definitely a worthwhile casual product for those who truly love the Trine franchise. The dominant achievement would definitely be the excellent visuals, but the lack of mechanics and narration should (and rightly so), drive off all newcomers. I recommend Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power, but only to a degree. In the end it's best to stick to the superior Trine & Trine 2, respectively."
,Not Recommended,319910,22634945,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sonja,"The game is really good looking, but the amount of bugs make it annoying to play with friends. The only way we can get it to play is to enter the game in a specific order, and then still after we die or enter a new level the game will kick out one of the players or freeze. It's really a shame, because the game has great potential but we've basically decided to stop playing for now and go back to trine 2."
76561198117521383,Recommended,319910,26364977,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,DarthCupcake,"Trine 3 is definitely the weakest of the three games, but I still think it deserves a good rating. The 3D thing was super frustrating, especially when you think you know where you're going to land, but instead fall off the ledge instead. It also ends abruptly, but I think everyone else mentioned that in their reviews. Finally, skills are gone. However, none of the three cons really distracted me all that much from the game itself. It's Trine, and that at its core hasn't changed much. Sure, it needed more polishing, but I still think it's an awesome game to pick up in a sale and co-op with your friends."
,Recommended,319910,25061296,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BelgianMonster,"Trine 3 is a lot different than previous games but is still fun.Only things that bother me:- When you die, you need to be revived on the spot where you died- When you die, you lose exp you got after checkpoint- Hard to know where to jump with 3D- No skills to learn, you can do everything from the beginning"
76561198031380751,Recommended,319910,23545784,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Fenthis,"When i first saw this game i saw the mixxed reviews and was completely put off buying it when steam sale hit i decided to take a risk, in all honesty the gameplay took some hits without talents however there was a fantastic new mechanic attached to Zoya (Thief) that captivated me, the 3D aspects of the game were fantastic if only they were to happen more often and the lost chapters had their charm trying to navigate a level designed for 1 specific character.Ofcourse there is the standard problem that i beleive everyone has noticed which is the game is both short and ends on a significant cliffhanger. Which is a true shame since the story the built up to such a grand point and by the time Frozen gets back on their feet to produce the rest of it, it'll probly be forgotten."
76561198140813863,Recommended,319910,25978412,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Multi,"In short, if you love Trine 1 & 2, you'll probably like Trine 3 as well. It's beautifully made, but the gameplay will leave you wanting. Get it in a bundle sale, since the 5 hours of gameplay are not worth the full $20.Compared to the first two games, this is a tough change for me. Since there is no leveling and no skills to unlock AT ALL, Trine 3 misses that spark to solve puzzles creatively. No more anti-gravity fields, magnets or surfing planks to get that experience orb up high. I get that the 3D engine makes all those skills hard to manage, but this effectively makes most puzzles feel the same.It's not all bad though. The music is good and the levels are gorgeous, especially the 'drawn art' levels. The fact that it's in 3D also makes combat a lot more interesting. The story is alright, even though the ending clearly had one or several expansions in mind.Overall, I think most people will enjoy this game. If there's a bundle sale, get all three parts. You'll love Trine 2, and will enjoy the other two."
,Recommended,319910,29753972,Posted: 6 February,all,lynnsp,"An astonishingly beautiful game, and a charming platform-puzzle solver. My girlfriend and I completed it on couch co-op and found it accessible and satisfying. Sadly, some of the criticisms other reviewers will point out are true. Backtracking to collect ""Trine-angles"" from old missions as a requirement to progressing in the story is annoying. There are sometimes issues with the camera, but having since played Trine 2 I believe the latest installment has actually improved in this respect. The greatest shame of all is that the game simply is not finished. While there are much more egregious examples out there (MGSV, for instance), it never reflects well on developers to let this happen. Nevertheless, Trine 3 is gorgeous and fun. If there were more of it, I'd be playing it."
,Recommended,319910,31213787,Posted: 18 April,all,Death Of An Icon,"I love the three Trines. 1 & 2 are basically the same thing with a continuing storyline, well worth playing. Trine 3 is the upgrade with a new storyline and 3D, no more 2D side-scroller. Same premise though, 3 heroes need to go do heroic stuff. The colours are more vibrant, the gameplay is mostly the same re controls and movement. Same great voice acting, same great soundtrack, same greatness. I had one solitary glitch where I fell off the side of the map and a weird never-neverland thing happened, but I fixed it by switching characters.Honestly, a lot of Trine fans didn't play this because 'it's short', 'it's different', 'it's short', 'it's different' or somesuch babyish whingery. If you liked Trine, if you're a fan, just shut up and give this a go, you'll actually have more fun playing the game than you would stitting around wondering how it might suck. Not everything has to be exactly the same all the time. And, you will like it.My only gripe is that I didn't really need to go hunting for the collectables this time. They were mostly placed in my path. On the up side it's far easier to get 100% completion on this game (unlike T2 with it's 97 odd achievements that I still haven't finished properly). I've got 13 or 14 hours on this because I left it on pause while I went out for a few hours. You could finish this in 5 or 6 hours if you dont look at the scenery.Great game, worth every cent. Wish it had some DLC; T2s Goblins was epic.My rating:4.5 broken arrows out of 5"
,Recommended,319910,17669573,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jwoey,"I loooooved this game!  I was very much looking forward to it as soon as I heard about its release after loving Trine 1 & 2.I heard from early access reviews that a lot of people thought it lost its magic, and I do not believe this to be true.  The level design was fantastic, the puzzle solving was a lot of fun.  it's missing the rpg elements that it used to have, but I honestly didnt mind (and hardly noticed, to be honest.  I had to be reminded that they were missing).It was a blast from start to finish, and many parts had me actually saying out loud ""Whoa, this is so cool.""I very much recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,319910,30693222,Posted: 23 March,all,InVader,"Only bought it to play with my friends, but the previous Trine was sure as hell better.This one us:MUCH shorterWithout extra abilities or any sort of progression (no gravity arrow, no ice arrow, no plank for mage, no hammer for warrior...)♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3D maps with changing perspective because of which you will often miss jumps, because you can't tell at which distance some ledges are. You will also miss some key objectives (switches) because the camera angle might obscure it.It's a downgrade in every possible way. There are better coop games out there."
76561198006016353,Not Recommended,319910,24094757,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Link,It worth the cost only if you pay it around 3€.It's not a bad game even if the 3D is a bit bugged.The worst thing is that it seems a Demo because the story is ridiculously short and pending.In only 5 hours you can complete it with 100% of achievements :(
76561197979917077,Not Recommended,319910,33754026,Posted: 23 July,all,Zybikron,"Trine 1 and 2, great games. Go get them, enjoy yourself.Trine 3.... Just don't. It's not even complete.It has great visuals compared to the previous games. However they added 3D to this while trying to keep the side scrolling feel. That made some of the levels very difficult because you littereally jump off the stage by moving to far forward or backward.There is no advancement in the characters, which was disappointing. The first of many.The game has some great physics, but they glitch out from time to time making the level freeze, or implossible to proceed. Some areas require a certain item to continue (usually giant boulders), but if you accidentally lose it? Oh well, restart the area. It doesn't come back. I had boulders roll off the faux 3D ledge several times.Finally, it's not complete. You litterally end in the middle. You're searching for 3 shards, after the first shard you hear ""And now to the land of the giants!""Roll credits. Nothing after, that's it. It's not even the middle, it's the first third of a game. Supposedly they plan to update and finish the game (according to the dev post from 2 years ago at the time of this post), but at this point I'm not holding my breath.I did enjoy that first third myself, despite some of the frustrations, but it's just not worth the money. If I could return it I would."
,Recommended,319910,25830714,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sun,"This has two flaws:- short duration (with a cliffhanger in the end)- sometimes not so smooth controlsBut if you look pass this issues, Trine 3 is unbelievably awesome game. It is a real shame that community welcome it so cold. I would certainly recommend it."
76561197986919160,Recommended,319910,15483981,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Franco,Absolutely Fantastic game.  Frozenbyte does it again!Game is a digital wonder in nvidia 3d vision.
76561198053873725,Recommended,319910,16540717,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PapaSmurf,"I've only played about 40 minutes of this game and i already love it, such a chilled game, and favourite part is it has been designed so elequently, such a beautiful game!"
,Recommended,319910,15807854,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mis_Led_Madman,I plan on updating my review when the game is out of Early AccessWhere to start. I really enjoyed the first two Trine games with my friends. They are excellent co-op games.The gameplay is similar to the first two Trine games aside from the new 3D elements. Instead of only going left and right you can now move towards and away from the screen. This takes some getting used to but it adds something interesting to the game.  The graphics look great. There is a lot of eye candy in this game. The music/sound effects are so so at the moment. The voice acting is great but most of the sound effects don't appear to be finished/polished.At the moment there are not that many levels out but the devs for this game keep adding content often. More often then I was expecting. The developers are consistently responding to bug reports and listening to feedback. These guys deserve your money.
76561198124864300,Recommended,319910,15481379,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Stonecliff,"I Recommend the game based on my excperience from the last one. One thing I do have to say: the sound is awfully laggy, this is not only me, other people is excperiencing this too, I am aware that it is in early access, but this problem is not nessesary. Since there is a narrator and several cutscenes in this game(wich are useful to understand the game) this makes it almost non- playable. Hopefully they will fix this, because by all means, it seems very good."
,Not Recommended,319910,17962947,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mr Melon,"This game is a travesty. Aside from the glaring plot holes, bad character models, nonexistant lip sync and terrible voice acting for all non-plot characters, we are faced with a barrage of game breaking bugs. Some cutscenes never end, characters become trapped in walls or you are simply unable to continue the game even when all players are stood at the correct exit point. Similarly, in contrast to the other games in the trine series wherein each character had powers only they could use, adding depth to the multi-player feature, in this game the wizard can literaly do EVERYTHING. He can kill all enemies in one hit, break any wall, or solve any puzzle by literally flying on a box. That's right, if you jump on a box, then jump again and pull the box under yourself, you can jump infinitely providing endless flight, Bypass any puzzle? Get any collectible? Skip half the level? The wizard does it all! Respawning at certain checkpoints in the game, such as the ""Undead Ambush"" section of the arcane school, means that all characters are caught in a loop of endless death and you have to return to the map.I was under the impression this game came out of early access on the 20th of August, but clearly I was mistaken. Give my regards to the dev team when they're finally ready to release this game for full price.No Johns Volvo"
,Recommended,319910,15480160,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fezzz,"Beautiful game, few glitches expecially with file errors, but i hope that all gets fixed... Can`t blame it though because it just released and its still an alpha."
,Not Recommended,319910,17729734,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,nirkbirk,"This feels like a bit of a step back from Trine 2, which mixed great puzzle platforming with some light RPG elements. It's far more simple, with each hero only having one ability. The shortness and price are also a factor - I played for 5.2  hours and finished it 100%. Not worth £15 at all, maybe a fiver. Wait for a sale and pick it up then if you liked the first two."
76561198109860236,Not Recommended,319910,19507552,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SeansShow,"It's game which shouldn't have left early access in my opinion, its unfinished. The story is half a story, I was amazed when it finished how it did, as early as it did.I sincerely struggle to believe that the team which developed this would place it alongside Trine or Trine 2 in terms of quality, in terms of strength of puzzles, charm, the flexibility which you have in tackling puzzles, level design, length of game and general overall completeness of the product. It isn't there.Trine 1 & 2 are classics, on any system. Two of the best games ever made. Trine 3 takes what made the previous games and strips the game back to almost barebones. Amongst the changes are that Amadeus can't cast planks at all or multiple crates or cage enemies, Pontius' hammer / magnetic shield is gone, Zoya's grav / fire / freeze arrows and multiple arrows are gone, the rope swing also seems to have been nerfed meaning less scope for acrobatics - its changes like that in my opinion which limit the puzzles and overall fun of the game. The puzzles are weak and the new 3D engine is more psuedo 3D in my eyes. The new ability which Zoya has to attach rope to rope points works well, the boss fights are a marked improvement but it isn't enough.Its the weakest game in the series by far from a developer which should know better. Such a let down."
,Recommended,319910,25118270,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,«Riniel»,"It was a fun game, especially if you are a Trine fanatic. It has absolutely beautiful graphics, which is probably the highlight of the game.It wasn't very difficult. It has been really simplified compared to the first two games.A few cons: Yes it was short and only partly finished. It cuts off right when the story gets going and you are like that's it!? The other is the full 3D. I don't like it. It was really difficult to line things up and attack enemies properly.If you love the Trine franchise and go into this game knowing it is unfinished, then it is still worth it though."
76561198057482188,Recommended,319910,24828020,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Reverud-san,"In terms of puzzles and gameplay, it is a step back from the previous titles.Puzzles have been dumbed down and the skill tree has been removed.The game is also extremely short compared to the other games (I've beaten the game co-op in under 4 hours)It is obvious that the game was cut short during development.You will not come to a final conclusion of this story. At least 1 more game is needed, to conclude the story.It is not a bad game, but I strongly reccomend that you pick up the game on sale."
,Recommended,319910,26333915,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,WeaponizedAutism,"Great visuals, looks fantastic, good controlls, and great story. In my opinion the story is way too short, please don't let this be the last game of the series..."
,Recommended,319910,27148762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rrpbgeek,"Lets be clear - this game is not perfect. If you have played the previous games, it is a bit shorter than the previous ones. It has fewer missions (and stops in the middle of the story after a clear midway point with a desire of a sequel). It swaps from the classic 2D movement in a 3D environment to full 3D, which ironically hamstringed the budget so that it is shorter. This allpalesin comparison to the fun I had with this product.This game is highly polished, with beautiful environments, tight controls, and clever puzzles. The design of the levels works hard to make you use everything and to reward you when you use all the abilities at your disposal to break the puzzles. If you have played the previous games, you will appreciate the fun and interesting story. If you like completing everything and finding collectibles, this game also offers fun challenges in that regard. Overall, buy this game on one of the sales to get the best value, but buy it (and its predecessors in the trilogy) and enjoy hours of fun."
76561197971055523,Recommended,319910,19498947,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,xylo,Great graphics. It's incredible how much effort they put in graphic details and level design. Unfortunately the story is a bit short.
76561197973833582,Recommended,319910,31654438,Posted: 9 May,all,Flidd,Thoroughly enjoyable. Excellent little game.
,Recommended,319910,20272824,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,leovx,Still impressive but could and should be better actually.Graphics10/10Plot7/10 (As the story is quite short compared with the previous two sets)Music10/10Gameplay9/10
,Recommended,319910,19569751,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DreadMilk,"Yes it's beautiful, mechanically really fun, if not a bit stiff compared to the second.I understand you ran out of money, thats very sad, I can understand you splitting the game up, you had to.... BUT.... there's no reason for tha ending :(I really hope you get funding to finish off this series I've been with you since the first trailer.7/10"
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,319910,22749570,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Attila[DK],"Disaster implmentation :( LOVED Trine 1 - LOVED TRine 2 - But Trine 3 SUCKS! Controls are horrible and too much blurred skills. you dont really need the others anymore :( The coop is gone and is too fancy 3d something controlled.It has lost its coop, fun and excitement. Its become over the top; not fun and not playable :(SO SAD"
76561197992812494,Recommended,319910,24871626,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,soup du jour,"I purchased Trine 3 (on sale for about $5) instead of No Man's Sky, and I am happy with my purchase.The game has issues, mainly with control in the new 3rd dimention the game developers have experimented with. It can be trying at times, but it's not as bad as some of the first 3D games I went through in the PSX/Saturn days. Besides the control though, the only issue I have with the game is the taking away of the perk tree. Why would they do this? It is pretty, fun to play for the most part and well worth the $5 I spent on it. I am guessing I a having more fun than those trying to get No Man's Sky even running.Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,319910,29209363,Posted: 12 January,all,2D,"worst trine game, if you enjoyed 1 and 2 dont buy this its awful"
76561198084239937,Recommended,319910,25175295,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DEV,"27-Aug-2016 : Finished main story + extrasSetup : Windows 10 64-bit, MSI GT80-2QE Notebook, Logitech F710 GamepadREVIEW :Before we go on with the review, first thing you have to know is that this game was released in incomplete state because the developer ran out of money. Taken cues from the in-game dialog line, it probably need at least 2 more chapters to finish properly, but the game ended in a cliffhanger instead.Let's go on with it. As usual, the graphics and music are beautiful. The game design changed from 2D side-scrolling platform to 3D isometric platform. This makes platforming rather difficult to accomplish. The skill tree were removed and the puzzle were toned down. The collectibles also easier to get. Overall it still a fun family game.CONCLUSION :Recommended on sale price."
76561198131118909,Recommended,319910,35238054,Posted: 27 September,all,V0vang,Amazing game!Maybe a bit overpriced for it length.Get it on sale and you wont regret.
,Recommended,319910,20482688,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Spoke,great game!
,Recommended,319910,31188191,Posted: 16 April,all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Substandard.Characters - Pleasant.Gameplay - Amusing.Immersion - Good.Environment - Outstanding.Graphics - Splendid.Sound - Magical.Music - Dazzling.Overall - Terrific.
76561198026921215,Not Recommended,319910,31199010,Posted: 17 April,all,Huitzilopochtli,"This game feels like it wasn't finished.Many of the abilities from the previous games have been removed. Some may be due to the transition to full 3D, but not all can be justified with that. The story also ends abruptly with a cliffhanger, just when it feels like it's about to go into ""act 2.""Another point of note about the transition to 3D is that the camera is fixed at such a low angle that it's difficult to judge depth. In several situations, this makes platforming harder. However, the level designers seem to have been aware of that, and made sure that most of the jumping is still done sideways.But what's good about the game?For starters, it still has the gorgeous environments that have remained throughout the series. It also has a couple of interesting new mechanics, such as Zoya being able to tie objects together, and Amadeus being able to slam his boxes down on top of enemies. Zoya's rope now also acts like a physical rope instead of clipping through objects. The level select also allows you to go back to any checkpoint instead of just the beginning of the level, to make it easier to find the collectibles you've missed. Additonally, what you do get of the story actually feels like a story this time, instead of just an excuse plot. It even gives some additional backstory to the events of the first game.In summary:If it didn't feel so unfinished, I would say that it's better than Trine 1 but worse than Trine 2. However, since it does feel so unfinished, it left me feeling very disappointed."
,Recommended,319910,29426135,Posted: 22 January,all,toilet4,"beautiful, fun, good challenge, but short/incomplete story.  still recommend.  bought on sale around $8"
,Recommended,319910,31004418,Posted: 7 April,all,Wesley 🔛 REDUX,"Truly majestic and amazing.The only downside about it all would be the abrupt and unexpected weird ending.Loved to play the Franchise itself and would absolutely recommend others to play it aswell ""Starting from Trine 1 ofcourse"""
,Not Recommended,319910,31409177,Posted: 27 April,all,aguids,The 3d implementation is really annoying. I played the prequels to the fullest but this one I gave up pretty fast.
,Not Recommended,319910,18338226,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pinano,"I actually enjoy the gameplay, puzzle, local coop and 3D.The only complaints I have is the incomplete story :-(Would highly recommend it if the story is complete.Hopefully the developer will complete the story as a free update or free DLC :P"
76561198052728884,Not Recommended,319910,18336872,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zauberkugel1,"As others have said, this game has been thrown on the market half-finished.  It could have been the start to something great.  But they ran out of money in the middle of it, and decided to launch it anyway to recover whatever pennies they can from suckers like me who don't read reviews before buying.  Shameful of Steam to associate themselves with such a fraud."
,Not Recommended,319910,31814640,Posted: 17 May,all,Dr Drub,"I enjoyed trine 2 on the xbox 360- It was gorgeous and beautiful. I got trine 3 for the pc, and figured I'd play it with my brothers. Mistake. This game is FULL of ways to just aggravate fellow players, the big buff metal guy can ground pound as much as he wants, causing a humongous dust effect and shaking the screen. It's hilarious at first, but gets old fast. The grappling hook mechanic is fun, but the controls for releasing it change whether you're in the air or ground, and it becomes confusing. A lot of the puzzles aren't proper puzzles, and with a second player you can cheese almost all of them. This game is beautiful, and a lot of fun, but if you play with sadistic buffoons don't expect to get anywhere fast. The story is bs fairyland nonsense, and any player can skip the cutscenes, so even if you're player one like me who bought this game for juicy hot graphics, every cutscene will be visible for a frame or too- before the person next to you hits a button twice.Other complaints- I play this with a wireless wii u pro controller setup, which was thankfully plug and play- but all the buttons were labelled ""button 10"" and such, making this tough to play on my favorite controller.Physics puzzles work great until your teammate refuses to cooperateSoundtrack is nice, but can be drowned out by one of the monotous voice actions that PLAY EVERY GODDAMN TIME A PLAYER DOES AN ACTION. *The forest of-- ""GRUNT GRUNT GRUNT GRUNT"" -babwe.* And thus you miss all the hints of the characters.First player priority bs- Like Brawl's subspace emissary, player one is really ♥♥♥♥ed over in this game. Not because he's equal to everyone else, but because he's the only one who matters. The other players can at any time press + to teleport to player one- essentially letting them goof off the entire time. This also prevents them from taking any damage, as if they're about to fall off a cliff they can just hit + and bam, back up. HOWEVER- if player one dies, he has to be respawned by his other teammates with a countdown clock begging to be abused by other players. If anyother player dies however, they can JUST HIT + AND RESPAWN, WITHOUT THE CLOCK REMOVING ANY DETERRENT FROM BEING A JERK. If all players could be teased after death like player 1, that would serve as a deterrent, ie ""If I tease him, he'll get revenge on me when I die"" is non applicable here, and it's just agony.This game also lacks any repercussion for death. The mobs do nothing against the buff warrior, and only player 1 really has to worry about dying, as explained above.Short with unsatisfactory ending.Bright Sides:BeautifulWith benevolent friends funGreat physicsCheapLevel Editor (with an albeit lacking community)Plenty of collectiblesGoofy ragdollsThis game is cool, and I can see this being loads of fun, but one unwilling player has far too much ability to destroy the experience, and the game just let's it happen. HOWEVER- If you like completion, and are looking for a pretty game to show off your new rig, and are either playing solo or with good friends, this game can be truly magical. But for me, I now remember why I can't play trine games with siblings. I'm getting a refund, or else this'll sit in my library for the rest of eternity."
76561198043663357,Not Recommended,319910,20357490,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PaleMimic,"Trine 3 is quite a strange little game, taking a completely different direction from the previous games in the series. There are some features that the game retains. The platforming being one of them, the characters being another and of course the beautifully enchanting visuals. Now there are a number of things that sets Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power apart from it's predecessors. The first being that there's no leveling system, all of the skills learnt in the previous games e.g Pontius' shield gliding ability and Zoya's fire arrows, to note two, are now given to you from the very start. Another difference, and quite a major one, is the camera angle(s). No longer are you bound to a 2D plane, you can now wander freely in 3D world. This does make the game more interesting, and puts the puzzling elements through their paces, Although at times it can be hard to judge the distance between certain platforms and how far away enemies are. One quite important thing to note is that this iteration of the game does seems to lack the amount of puzzles that the previous games in the series had. Also, not to mention, the difficulty seems to have been ramped up a little, not helped by the fact that it can't be changed, also unlike the previous two games.There are a number of moments in the game where it becomes incredibly frustrating, with the scarce number of checkpoints and the fairly annoying, and pointless, side quests that pit you against multiple waves of foes.Although retaining some of the original traits of the previous games, Trine 3 is sadly a bit of a disappointment. With bugs and glitches scattered around each level and the constant demand to battle enemies in order to progress, this game just feels like it's missing the original charm. The story is fairly well put together, however, and the characters are still as charming as ever. But sadly, for the most part Trine 3 is too lacking in what the series is known for. As a fan of the other two games, it saddens me to have to down vote this game. If you want to play the whole series then you have to play The Artifacts of Power. But if you want a puzzle based platformer that's very much like the previous two in the series, then I suggest looking elsewhere. Good Day!"
,Not Recommended,319910,22375442,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,skadi,"As a fan of Trine 1 and 2 I wanted to play 3 since its release. When I saw all the negative reviews I thought: 'Just the usual haters. It will be fine. Maybe a few minor bugs...'There is one positive thing I can say about Trine 3. It looks great! I enjoyed the art a lot.Sadly this is the only good thing I can say about this game. It is buggy, it lacks good design, it is an unfinished piece of crap.It doesn't happen often that I lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥over a game, but this game upset me SO much. It feels like nobody ever playtested it before. It is so bad, that I can't even finish it.I am very sad and mad."
,Recommended,319910,15514964,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Neptune,"Another great title in the TRINE-Series. Still starring your familiar heroic trio. Sticking to its platformer origins it adds some difficulty by giving you another dimension to move in.The graphics are really good and are running smoothly, while the gameplay remains mostly the same as the previous titles with an additional depth, as mentioned before.With its humour and with it becomes a worthy follower of the previous TRINE-titles.I can only highly recommend this game for you."
76561198057582665,Recommended,319910,23909714,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,M1K4,Pros:+ stunning graphics and sounds+ switch to 3D is kind of coolCons:- the game is really short and easy- no skill treesI would recommend picking it when it's on sale.
76561197997989172,Not Recommended,319910,34506951,Posted: 26 August,all,Magnificent Janko,"Had tons of fun playing Trine 2 with 2 friends in coop. We decided one day to try out Trine 3.First thing, the game looks great. Even though my computer is dog poop, it ran pretty well and the art style is amazing.Next, the 3D. First game was great, the controls were very accurate and smooth, you could do basically what you wanted on the first try. In Trine 3 however, the devs added dephts. Oh boy what a failure. You fail horribly at basic jumping, you fall down holes every 2 minutes, you can't aim with the Rogue or can't place boxes properly with the mage... What a pain to play.In the 2nd main level of the game, my friends and I were at the point where we find the first artifact and after 5 minutes spent trying to figure out a puzzle, we realised that this was not a puzzle but that the trigger for the next cut scene was BEHIND the artifact and the cut scene teleported us IN FRONT OF the artifact. Truly infuriatingThen I realized that I was playing the most useless character in the game. In Trine 2 the Knight was able to lift others up to solve puzzles and deflect projectiles in some cases. Here, you just fight... and charge... and do nothing else... So I guess all my friends are gonna do the thinking and I will do nothing ... Oh sorry, I didn't mention the fact that you can do a ground pound Mario type of thing to lift things but it doesn't work in almost every situation and the one in which it does it is bugged as hell (also with the 3D thing its a nightmare to use).The last thing I want to pint out is the network. As I already mentionned my computer is bad and my friend's are good. It was a major issue during a ""boss fight"", when we had to swim up a water tube to start the fight. After you start it the the water transform into a massive furnace you have to avoid. When we died my friends respawned 10-15 seconds before me, swam up and then started the fight when I was still in the loading screen. When I reached the top of the tube I met a lava pit...A few moments after that, after a big cutscene, one of my friend completely lost any control of his character had to restart the game and was neer able to rejoin. Meanwhile I wasn't able to keep playing because only the host was rightly teleported after the cutscene. So I was stuck in a hallway trying to meet with the host but I was unable to do so. I tied to leave and reconnect and when I did so my camera was stuck, zooming out and I was able to see the whole level and I could not contol anything. We all left and will never play again and one of my friends asked for a refund.Fun fact, when trying to play this afternoon before all the issues my game showed a black screen with the infamous Trine 3 is not responding...TLDR-Looks gorgeous-3D is awful., controls sucks-The Knight sucks- The network sucksI highly suggest not buying this game, it's my first review on Steam but I really felt the need to tell everybody."
76561198033197180,Recommended,319910,25492127,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mars,I didn't get why everyone is complaing about this game. yes... the new 3D platforming is a bit annoying but still this game is beautiful. the music is amazing too.
,Not Recommended,319910,26605404,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,theowlasya,"Amazing views + aweful gameplay.I loved Trine 1 and 2, but 3rd part seemed boaring and not involving.I simpatize Zoya as a character, but looks like game is focused on her. Amadeus is almost useless.Controls seemed a hell to me - I'm great in jumping using 2-4 buttons in the same time, jumping in diagonal was harsh.I hope, next part will fix these problems because of lots of fans who don't want to loose."
76561197991309007,Recommended,319910,16607456,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lawstkoz,"pretty game.   they tried to change it up with the move to fullish 3d, some if it works some of it doesnt.   not a ton of content ready yet, but whats there is quality.  if you love trine i'd recommend it."
76561198046426560,Not Recommended,319910,33938224,Posted: 31 July,all,hack.causality,"Excellent mechanics, excellent gameplay and sound and art design, but man is the story a giant ""screw you"" to the player.  You've collected the second of the three things you need, fought a minor boss, and the game is over.  I hundred percent'ed this game in less than a third of the time it took to casually play through Trine 2 getting less than half the collectibles, and Trine 3 has NO REWARD for doing so.  There are no upgrades in Trine 3 at all.Trine 3 has the feel of a game that halfway through its development ran out of money.  Several mechanics are introduced and then never used again, like long-distance shield gliding, sticking boxes to spikes, and targeting buttons with the bow.  The first few levels have markedly better design than later ones.  The longest level of the game is cel-shaded which serves mainly to destroy depth perception and also allow the use of the same five art assets eighty times in a row.The opening chapter and the Redwood Forest are so glorious to play that the rest of the game is almost painful in its lost potential.  This world starts off brilliant and alluring and beautiful but ends with a tedious series of arena fights.  There was real effort and inspiration in this game and I just don't know what happened to it."
76561198012544954,Not Recommended,319910,32308619,Posted: 9 June,all,MX ``;..;´´ (-_-メ),"Annoying, boring, camera bug, bad 3d perspective, not skills, no level up, just walk, jump and collect items for open other levels, very disappointed, do not buy it If you think it will be fun, because it's not. Just play trine 1 and 2. Worst game in the trine series. Don't waste your time. very short. I can not recommend it. Even on sale not worth it. If you want to help the dev, buy it, but I warned you."
76561198004706153,Recommended,319910,17876409,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TerrawattSurge,Loved the Trine series and Trine 3 does not disappoint. The move to 3D was a great upgrade without taking away from the platformer feel of the game. The developers have left this game ending as a cliffhanger so can't wait to see what they have in store for the sequel.
,Not Recommended,319910,18340411,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,bladechild,"Utterly dissapointing.Far too short. 1/3 length of the previous games.Game was left obviously unfinished, regardless of what people say. Far too much effort wasted on a completely redundant 3D element. Game is so short there is no character development.Multiplayer is so full of broken bugs it's unplayable.Stay away. The price alone wouldn't be worth it, even if they fixed everything."
76561198044522307,Not Recommended,319910,31527071,Posted: 3 May,all,Guivouit,"For me this game isn't finish. It's demo. Don't buy Trine 3, The 2 is exelent."
,Recommended,319910,23493649,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Geco,"1. I was very skeptical about the3Dthing. In fact, after playing, I did got bothered in some parts by lack of perspective, but fortunately it was not as bad as I thought it would be.2. Each corner of the world isbeautiful/b], So many details, I had to stop and slowly watch around just to make justice to that being the product of desing work.3. Puzzles are rathereasy.4.Lacking the endingis such a bad thing for this game. I don't mind games being short, but after just 5 hours don't tell me that I have to wait for the continuation!Overall I would say that this game is 75% of a GREAT game... and the other 25% was cut off for some reason. So I would still recommend it if you want a little of colorful fantasy, and it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,319910,17680967,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,nooberific,"It makes me sad to write this, but I can't recommend it. I really liked the first two but the swtich to 3D was half-hearted at best. You will find yourself dying because you thought you were jumping somewhere else and unable to advance because you can't tell where you are. It's a needless frustration.The whole trineangles thing is very gimmicky too. It's just a way to mask how short this game is (very) and the animated cut scenes did not look good. This is especially disappointing since the scenery is mostly still very gorgeous in the game. Really disappointing considering how great the first two are!"
,Not Recommended,319910,17682889,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,AjaX*,"Don't ever buy this game. This is horrible.Extremely short, like 5 to 6 story maps (half an hour of gameplay basicaly), 2.75D is horrible, jumping to walls the entire game with a bad mechanic makes me sick.Can't believe what they've done to the franchise, this game was awesome before 3.There's nomore skill tree, the wizard became almost useless with only a single crate to use all the time, everything you do with him you can do with the others. Puzzles are terribly easy, you die mostly because of the bad mechanic.Seriously, this game is very disapointing."
,Not Recommended,319910,17665296,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Oh Noes,"Trine 3 is a beautiful game like the previous Trine games and the 3D gameplay works well.But the platforming, combat, puzzles, and boss battles are all mediocre compared to the previous entries in the series.  But these are not the main reason for the negative review.Trine 3 is an incomplete game.  It took me a little over 6 hours to complete Trine 3 and get all of the collectibles.  At the end of the game you collect the first piece of three of a broken object.  Then there is a cliffhanger cut scene and the credits roll and you keep thinking where the rest of the game is.I’m very disappointed in Frozenbyte because I really enjoyed playing Trine 1 and 2.PLEASE READ THIS FORUM POST BY THE DEVELOPERS BEFORE BUYING:http://steamcommunity.com/app/319910/discussions/0/528398719797223737/In short, the company ran out of money trying to make a 3D game and this is why they should have just made another 2D game."
,Not Recommended,319910,17661462,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,KrunkSplein,"This is an absolutely excellent 1/4 of a game.Stunning visuals, wonderful music, responsive controls, and the puzzle-platforming you'd expect from a Trine game.  The puzzles are relatively simplistic, but what do you expect from the first levels of a game?  Things are going great, the story is beginning to pick up, and then.... it's over.  The game essentially ends after Act 1 of the story.  In 5.6 hours (while multitasking!) I was able to complete this game to 100%, including all collectables.Now, not all short games are bad!  The original Portal, for example, can be finished in much less time than Trine 3.  But in Portal, they present the ""final test"", and then the game opens up.  In Trine 3, they present the game opening up, and then roll the credits.I *love* the Trine series, and I *love* Frozenbyte, but as it stands I cannot recommend this game."
76561198052398430,Recommended,319910,21369719,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LordMARS007,"Even prettier than the last game. The overworld was made into jumanji for some reason. Has some wonderful sidequests that are character specific, really allows you to understand each ones unique advantages. They sadly have no upgrades any more Amadeus can only summon 1 measly box but he can slam it now and move it in 3 dimensions, he kinda was the op god of platforming in the last game so you will definitly play with the other characters more now. Zoya Can only fire one measly arrow but her grapple can now be used to pull and attach lines, but there are no fire or explosion or ice now they kept the acid though. As Pontius you start with the kite shield but lose the hammer and magnetism. One final caveat, This is only half a story which I presume will be finished with trine 4 or trine 3 the complete story. Despire all the things that have changed it really made a nice transition to 3D and it is prettier than ever. On top of that they finally get around to explaining the trine and it's 2 sister components, the story feels like a half finished legend but that's where you come in. This game is loads of fun especially with a buddy I still recommend it and cannot wait for the sequal I hope their listening and bring back those upgrades."
,Not Recommended,319910,21006071,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Punchcrush11,"While this game is good, it isnt worth 21 dollars. The other two games are more deserving of that price than this excuse of a Trine game."
76561197993332388,Recommended,319910,20878608,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Malice,"Don't listen to the negative reviews, this game is a fun, polished experience, no doubt about it.It looks insanely good, it's visually stunning; the music is lovely, just as it has been in 1 and 2; cool development in the story of the artifacts; the movement feels satisfying, the levels are physics playgrounds; puzzles did tend to be simple, but they gave the game a fun, fast-moving pace. And I loved the third dimension they gave this one, made it much more interesting to play through.To those who said this game ended abruptly, you're shown all the levels and what you're working towards, there should have been no surprises, it was all laid out very clearly.To those who called this game glitchy/buggy, I encountered one issue and it was far from game-breaking.I highly recommend Trine 3, though given its length, you might consider waiting to purchase it when it's on sale. Hopefully, there will be more Trine titles to come!"
,Recommended,319910,20850188,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Soul,It was a short but a very good game. I've played in 3D which was so perfect.There were mouse coursor problems at the beggining but modifying the config file solved the problem.I've already played all of Trine games and this one is not worst than the other.If the story continues I'll definitely buy it.
76561197971761334,Recommended,319910,21052069,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Adonik,"I really liked the first two but due to the mixed reviews I waited for a sale for this one.  Good thing, because I 100%'d the game in 6 hours.That's half as long as it took me to beat the first two, and I still didn't get 100% on those.  The game is beautiful, there's no doubt there.  The puzzles are intuitive but fairly easy to figure out, especially since there are multiple ways to do so.  If there was something more such as an intruiging, deep story or something else then it might be worth the full price, but it most certainly isn't.  Get it on sale if you liked the first two, but go in expecting a short adventure."
,Recommended,319910,20440637,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sonic Screamer,You will likely have a love-hate relationship with this particular version of Trine (Trine 3).You will love the gorgeous artwork (especially at 3440x1440) as well as the accompanying music throughout the game. You will hate the abrupt  storyline and the incoherent patchwork of challenges.I would still recommend it. Just wait for the Steam sale first.
,Recommended,319910,19406512,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TrueStifmeister,"You know, I only bought into the series after seeing Trine 3 and thinking of how great this seemed. Maybe I'm one of the select few who looked at this and thought it was amazing. I've started the trilogy at the third game and even with the stupid and menial bugs/glitches I have seen, I would have to say that I really enjoy this game. My only complaint that I have is the length of the game. I feel like the story itself could have led to a much longer sequence, but I digress. I have enjoyed the concept and even though I have started at the last installment, I plan to venture into the previous games of the series. If, according to the reviews, this is the worst game of the trilogy, I look forward into heading backwards into the previous games. All in all, after seeing the value just in watching the trailer video for Trine 3, I bought into this series. It didn't take but a few minutes into this game that I have enjoyed the concept of Trine and looked forward to the depth and intrigue into this game. I can understand the feeling that there may have been a rush to push this third sequence, but for what it's worth I appreciate all aspects of this game. I would not rate this game a 10/10 in any means. but for the value of buying this trilogy on sale I feel the money is well spent. Even if you invest time into one of the games in this trilogy, it is money well spent.Long story short, do not over look this game due to the negative reviews. It's a great pick up for the sale value. Today 12/1/15 the trilogy is $15 of which I think Trine 3 is worth the value. Watch a let's play or a walkthrough before you count this game out for the mixed reviews. You wont be disappointed, unless you highly detest the type of game, not the story or value as a whole. It has been one of the few steam games that has kept my attention for longer than 5 minutes.Update 12/14:As of now, I have beaten Trine 3 and 1 and am finishing up Trine 2. After playing through, almost the entire series, I would have to say that Trine 3 is still, by far my favorite. Maybe it''s simply because I played 3 first. I'm not sure. I feel like the puzzles in 1 and 2 were much more easily to ""cheat"" through than 3. All in all I would recommend buying into the entire series. Good luck!Update 12/20:After making it through Trine 2 and entering into the DLC, I enjoyed the game, but with how long the DLC makes the game, I've felt like I was only playing it out of desire to finish, not enjoyment.  All in all they're all great games, but I still think I enjoyed 3 the most!"
76561198053147927,Not Recommended,319910,19901982,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Earth Gwee,"My first introduction to the series was Trine 2. While short, it was well executed with its puzzle platforming and performance with only very minor physics hiccups that I hardly noticed. Overall, it was fun, and I'd happily go back to it.This game, however, is a disappointing step down. I only played for a little over an hour before finally quitting and issuing a refund. It became plagued with glitches that made it frustrating to traverse the levels successfully even with a second player helping me out. Even when most of the glitches had cleared, some still lingered. The 3D platforming aspects, while ambitious, were not necessary. It begs to be in full 2.5D like the last game. I can now understand why the reviews were mixed for this one. The devs were trying something new and it just didn't work out, at least for me. Still beautiful graphics-wise, but the game-breaking glitches and the new 3D mechanics do not enrich my experience."
76561198262635061,Recommended,319910,19945824,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,havoc_viper,"Not sure what all the fuss is about. Trine 3 is the best of the series. I don't know why its authors are so apologetic about it. The graphics are phenomenal, the gameplay is challenging, the puzzles are fun. I hope Trine 4 (assuming there is one) uses the same 3D engine and continues the beautiful scenes."
,Not Recommended,319910,20079804,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,D.G.M.,"We loved trine 2. We played it online coop and finished it. It was amazing. Trine 3 however was not. First and foremost this game is riddled with inexcusable bugs. I can forgive a glitch here and there and laugh about it, but this was seriously broken on so many levels. Not recommended unless really really cheap. It feels like it's an early access game in early beta. It's rediculous."
76561198138041911,Recommended,319910,20606397,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jrich2882,"I didn't really know what to expect with this game.  The first two Trine games were a lot of fun, but a new style and a bunch of negative reviews did lessen my enthusiasm for this entry in the series.Then I played it.First, I will acknowledge that the move to 3D wasn't entirely smooth.  You do lose the progression and some of the abilities of previous games, such as the Wizard's ability to basically build your own solution to a puzzle.  The controls take some getting used to, but no more than, say, it would take some getting used to the difference between Mario and Mario 64, so that didn't really bother.  I also admit that short length and cliffhanger ending are a bit of a disappointment, although some short, though some filler levels do lengthen the proceedings a bit.But now that I've gotten the negatives out of the way, let me talk about what I enjoyed about this game, because there is a lot.For starters, this is definately the most beatiful looking of all the Trine games thus far.  If you pay attention to the moments when the thief is swinging across a ravine with her grappaling hook, you'll understand why they went this direction.  It is a sight to behold.This is also the most cinematic of the Trine games so far.  You actually see the character's faces this time around, which I actually really appreciate, and instead of the stills used by the first game, it expands on the fully animated cutscenes that Trine 2 experimented with in the Goblin Menace DLC and brings them to a new height.  Quite an achievement for an independent developer.Of course the reason people didn't take so well to this one were the problems with gameplay, and understandably so.  Did the move to 3d enhance the gameplay in any way?  Yes and no.  I've already listed the cons, so let me talk about the pros here.  First, combat is actually somewhat challenging here.  It's still a bit of a button masher, but the 3D space meant I had to think harder about how I approached fighting enemies, something that was a tad mindless in the previous games, and never too challenging.  In those games I usually only died to do a risky platforming maneuver, and I rarely died to combat encounters, so smoothing out this aspect of the game is actually somewhat appreciated.Oh, and remember how fun it was to occasionaly draw a box over a skeleton or a goblin and crush it in the first two?  Now that's a feature, where you can levitate a box, press a button, and smash it to the grown.  Add in the ability to move around while you levitate something, and now the wizard can acutally hold his own in combat with the other two.  I don't know about you, but there is something inherently satisfying about using telekinesis in a game to crush your enemies.How about platforming, the thing that was best in the original games and the one thing that seemed to take the hardest hit from the move to 3D?  Even that sees some interesting improvements.  For instance, mobile or moveable platforms could be a problem in the original as there was always the frustration of jumping on the platforms before they moved in such a way prevented you from proceeding.  Here, the Thief has the ability to tie things down with her grappling hook, which can be very helpful.  Second, giving the knight the ability to glide right from the start was a godsend, and another excellent way to showcase those shiny graphics when  gliding over a big ravine.  Did I mention that the wizard can now move around while levitating?  That's pretty useful to.In conclusion, Trine 3 is a flawed, but still very rewarding experience.  Furthermore, if it's a problem that the game was to short, doesn't that just mean you wanted more of it?  If the game were really as bad as most of the reviews were making it out to be, then the short length would be described as a blessing in disguise.  Either way, Trine 3 doesn' t quite live up to it's predecessors, but in my opinion is still well worth the ride.I'll leave it to your discretion whether or not you'll want to wait for a sale to pick this one up, but I do recemmond you pick it up at some point and give it a whirl."
,Not Recommended,319910,20569145,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sYs^,"Trine 1 and 2 are awesome, this is just pure frustration. It lacks any decent puzzle."
76561198019198310,Recommended,319910,18944428,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Findo,"Ok, so maybe there is a few flaws in this games compared to Trine 1 and 2, but nontheless I seriouslyenjoyed this game! I recommend letting go of the youtube reviews, and the comparissons.See it as a stand alone game, and it's great!Not once did i miss the leveling up system,or did it bother me that the mechanics where complely different.No this is a great game! The only flaw beeing that it's short!But i'm hoping the DLC's will make up for that!"
,Recommended,319910,23696075,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,elkbrains,"It's a fun game and I enjoyed playing it, but that being saiddon't buy this game at full price.The game was fun but it ended too quickly. I beat the game in 8 hours and the game ends on a cliff hanger making you feel like there should be more.There are a lot of reviews complaining about the 3D aspect of the game, but I thought it make the game more fun.So hold off on buying this game until it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,319910,30632871,Posted: 20 March,all,Brottochstraff,"The game looks amazing! But, the move to full 3D did not work out well, controls became to complicated and the platforming to inacurate. The feeling of the original two games is gone. Trine 2 is still the best in the series."
,Recommended,319910,18901340,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Dingorel,"Fascinating and beautiful game! A love the changes since Trine 2. The mood and the quality is the same if not better. A bit short, but it is still a great game!"
76561198098493361,Recommended,319910,20113056,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nykia,"I would recommnd this game only ON SALE - but to pay full price, it is just too short.Though I reccommend this game, as a HUGE fan of Trine and Trine 2 (the latter I have over 80 hours played) I have to say the 3rd one came as a disappointment, which I am very sad about. So disappointed I am writing my first review on Steam...The 3D system is new and takes some getting used to - and at times aggrivating - but in the end I didnt find it as bad as other reviews crack it up to be. In fact I liked that aspect of the game, being able to explore the world in new ways.The graphics were also super enchanting - gorgeous and A LOT of detail. I won't give away too much but a couple levels feature a different kind of graphics that I found pretty cool too.But honestly I would have traded some of that detail for some more levels and content. Also some of the puzzles just weren't that puzzling. It was bit too easy sometimes.And I miss the skill leveling system. I thought it was lame you just collect the triangles to get to the next level - well duh I mean what else do you do after completing one level? You go on to the next one of course...Then if I wanted to amp up combat or something and make it more difficult - nope. No such option.So basically I only played it through once and there was no point in playing it again. Such a shame.Overall: you might as well take your time playing through cause it doesn't last that long anyway."
,Recommended,319910,20284704,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lavinia,Although a lot of people are upset about the gametime being short I must say I feel quite fulfilled with the ending. Maybe I'm seeing things differently but I took it as a complete adventure and can't wait to see what our heroes will be facing next.The challenging part in the game are in fact some of the puzzles which require you to think outside the box if you want to 100% the game.There are a few graphics and collision bugs but overall the experience I had with Trine 3 was extraordinary. My favorite chapter was Chronicles of the Guardian which was surreal graphic wise.Highly recommended.Even though the future of the franchise is under question I'm looking forward to Trine 4.
,Recommended,319910,21178203,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sir Apex,"Finished this with a friend, All Triangles collected. Great story, Great graphics and great physics considering it's 3D now. Plays very fluid. Loved it!"
,Not Recommended,319910,25312301,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,=Axton=,"With mixed emotions I have to downvote this game only because the ending truly led me to believe there was more to come, the cutscene even shows the 3 characters with an incomplete Trine artifact saying how there's still work to do.  If that isn't enough to warrant a downvote I don't know what is.On the other hand it is a very nice looking game, and to all those who say the 3rd dimension takes away from the gameplay, I say think of all the games that never take any risks and keep doing things the same. Frozenbyte deserves credit for taking the leap and making Trine 3 the way they did. That's called innovation. They did it with Shadwen too, another fun game.I'm not even sure I'll reccomend this on sale simply because the ending left me wanting so much more and made me feel it was coming after a loading screen. And it pains me to do this. My time played was not a speedrun, in fact there were two short challenge maps I skipped because I was too p!ssed off when the story ended so abruptly."
76561198190972755,Recommended,319910,21551554,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BEAST,Beautiful looking game!
76561198043471283,Not Recommended,319910,22711793,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jiktin,its not a hole game... there is no ending
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,319910,20863251,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"Incredibly short, clumsy controls, and all character progression has been stripped away. The muliplayer seems to have been tacked on with little to no consideration. Local mulitplayer did not give an option for new game or continue, it just dropped my group into my half finished campaign with nobody really knowing what was happening."
,Not Recommended,319910,21064112,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Anonymo,while the game is still fun the story ends in the middle of the game.... can't recommend
,Recommended,319910,23710733,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dr. Jekyll,"The cake is a lie, HAHA    :D"
76561198051506611,Recommended,319910,22052085,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Henchimp,"The transition to 3D didn't benefit it all that much; in fact it felt like a downgrade comapared to the second game. Having 3D space left less room for using creativity to get past obstacles and to solve puzzles, and the characters had less interesting abilities, especially the mage. Overall it just felt like there was a lot less you can do now that the game is in 3D, it has more potential as a 2D game. It's still a great game, I just don't think 3D was the direction it needed to go."
76561198058230912,Recommended,319910,22053219,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,phate09,"This game is amazing! I played it from the second episode with my girlfriend and she loved it...the sound, the story, the entire fantasy setting...so beautiful.It is very pleasant and the puzzle aspect is better in this episode than the previous one. Every obstacle can be solved in multiple ways and this is very good for when you play multiplayer"
76561197970737738,Recommended,319910,22213818,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dr. Scheeses,"Wonderful game! Must buy if you're a fan of the series and especially if on special. Thanks devs, really enjoying it."
76561198043905981,Recommended,319910,22076102,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trues55,i think its a good game thou it may seem a bit childish at times it seems they focused more on the 3d than the story in some parts of it but none the less worth the price there offering it for4/5 for orginality and fun
76561198066504871,Recommended,319910,25041873,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TrollKarlen,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198147016964,Recommended,319910,25030808,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheLordOfTheAshes,"Just like many others here, I only hesitantly, reluctantly, kinda recommend this game, just because it doesn't deserve a downvote and there is no mixed feelings button. It had enormous potential though."
,Recommended,319910,19453619,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Asiris,"Overall it's a beautiful game. There are few negative sides to the game.The story is very short. It ends on a huge cliffhanger. The whole game up to the end can be considered as introduction to the story and where you expect it to really begin it ends. Very unfortunate.Controls are a little bit different from previous parts and navigating in 3D is confusing at time. It can be a challenge to land where you panned to.Enemies are weak though and can be ignored completely. It's a shame, because they added extra challenge in previous parts.I would recommend the game to fans of the series. Though I can expect them to be disappointed with abrupt ending."
76561198110232228,Not Recommended,319910,28984302,Posted: 3 January,all,Endro,"I have always been a fan of the trine series.Trine 1 and 2 had everything you'd want from a fantasy platformer: the visuals, the storyline, the fun gameplay...Basically everything trine 3 doesn't have.This game does deserve a Steam Award though, the Award of Biggest Disappointment ever.One of the worst things about the game is that it takes just a bit too long to play through it to be able to refund it.The gameplay is incredibly clunky, the 3D is frustrating and only makes you wish you were playing one of the previous titles.The visuals are still somewhat the same but the 3D asks more from your pc so if you have a below-average system: feelsbadmanThe story feels like it has no depth to it whatsoever and the length of the chapters only adds to this. I think the average length of a chapter is about 2 minutes.The difficulty is a joke, the only thing that stops you from progressing is the bugs and the clunky movement. For the rest: spamming mouse 1 should get you through it.The amount of bugs in this game is honestly ridiculous, 50% of the walls is not solid, the cutscenes sometimes don't start at all, and they sometimes just stop for no reason.This game isn't even worth it's money if it was free. If you payed me to play this game I wouldn't even consider it."
,Not Recommended,319910,21265880,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,VaciVt,"What a pity.Trine 1 was a good game.Trine 2 was a masterpiece.Trine 3 is a disaster.- Incomplete story, won't be any DLC- Can't progress the story without collecting enough Trineangle (this is not a mobile game!)- No camera control which makes the 3D gameplay horrible (I keep falling jumping from platforms!)- No characters upgrades (abilities are limited, no variable, no fun)- Short gameplay (about 4 hours)- Puzzles are easy compared to previous Trine and Trine 2+ Beautiful 3DThis is what happens when the dev too focused on one thing (3D) and ignores the other. They already apologised but I will only forgive them if they create Trine 4 (hopefully) like Trine 2."
76561198094037341,Not Recommended,319910,23661588,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Yennefer,"What can i say about Trine 3? It really has disappointed me... i expected way more of this.The gameplay from the trailers seemed improved, but the reality is that they just added some 3D randomly (and removed the skilltree... you cannot even change the type of arrows as Zoya or craft anything that isn't a cube as Amadeus for example).The story is ordinary, nothing much and enjoyable but absolutly short...The level design and the graphic of course is wonderful and better than the other 2 chapter of this saga, but this seems to be the only point in favor of Trine 3.... what a pity...Also it has a lot of bugs!"
76561197994926139,Recommended,319910,23813874,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tygar,"I understood the criticism when this game first came out, but not now, it's come a LONG way. The graphics are amazing... like truly amazing, the game play and story line are both really entertaining and great for CO-OP. The controls are good once you get used to them, but they do have a bit of a learning curve, I recommend using a controller. It is a little short, but I'm a firm believer of quality over quantity when it comes to games. The biggest con for me was the lack of abilities to unlock, that was the only thing that I would change."
,Recommended,319910,29395329,Posted: 21 January,all,Shadrach,"Stunning graphics and fun gameplay, not too challenging. Unfortunately also very short and ends very abruptly without any major explanation. But recommended for what is there."
76561198038504076,Recommended,319910,29260948,Posted: 14 January,all,RoosterClocks,"Play it with friends and it's a bunch of fun. Make sure to play Trine 2 first! It's a brilliant game, hilarious."
,Recommended,319910,32400629,Posted: 13 June,all,Belphegor,"It's a very interesting concept! I started to fall in love with the ideea of a fully walkable room! It feels harder than the other 2 games, but it's still a very entertaining puzzle game!"
76561198067845815,Recommended,319910,28898235,Posted: 1 January,all,Mr. Kiss Yo Mama,"I wish it would be longer and harder (that's what she said), but it is still very fun to play. I bought it on sale for 6 € and it is worth this much. I would never pay more. This is why I am recommending it."
,Recommended,319910,24821948,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Arch1ve,"There's a lot to love in this game. It's visually stunning, funny, and the puzzles are satisfying. However, the game is not complete. It ends on a cliffhanger, and there is no conclusion. It's worth about 4-5 hours of fun, so buy it on sale."
76561198065347107,Recommended,319910,22239290,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,haemi,"The main pros and cons about this game are quite known by now, therefore I'll make this quick:+ atmosphere (graphics, soundtrack)+ coop- length- no skill treeAs for me, the missing skill tree is indeed the greatest con, especially when compared to Trine 2 - it yielded a whole load of different solutions for the puzzles, like e.g. conjuring up a plank with Amadeus or use Pontius' shield to cross a gap, to describe a simple case (and Zoya's anti-gravity bubble was a whole new dimension entirely). Of course, in Trine 3 it would not have been possible to include Trine 2's system due to Trine 3's length (taking my time, I 100%-ed the game with a friend in ~8 hours of play-time compared to 25 hours for Trine 2), as the developers simply couldn't have hidden enough of those trinkets you had to collect.The main novelty - 3D gameplay - was nice to see but just raised too many problems, on the one hand with the controls, on the other hand for the devs as the level design became too expensive, prohibiting a longer game.The coop experience was good as usual for Trine games; we faced quite a few technical problems (mostly related to poor ping between my friend and myself) but eventually managed to complete the game. At this point, I want to emphasise Frozenbyte's great support team - I had a discussion with one of them, who came up with possible solutions, always replying to my emails within one or two days at most. Apart from multiplayer, I didn't experience any bugs.Storywise, I liked that the game included a little bit of backstory for both the Trine and the three heroes, the latter being told in short levels parallel to the main story which focused on one character at the time.In conclusion, I can recommend the game for people who completed (and liked) the first two installments, perhaps not at the full prize of 22€ (for that it does feel too short), but perhaps if it drops to at least 15€ in a sale. That said, I really hope to see a Trine 4 some day in the future, perhaps going back to 2.5D gameplay..."
,Recommended,319910,28861507,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,joseph,الالعاب اللي زي كذا من زمان جدا ماجربتها الموسيقى فيها رايقه فيها طقطه الغاز بسطيه  اللعبه جدا جميله هذا اللي اقدر اقوله
,Not Recommended,319910,21757218,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Natalie,"Most of the levels can be completed using only Pontius... With that stupid smash ability, its ridiculous the♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do with it. OH and tons of bugs. and game breaking ones too"
76561198066114038,Recommended,319910,23348567,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,bowlesizhit,"I truly enjoyed this game.  Although it was short, the new 3d was beautiful and a fun change.  The new game was a great play. I purchased this game on a pre-sale, so it was not quite as expensive as the price listed below.  However, wait for a summer sale or such and this game is well worth the play.  It will take up a nice weekend or one day if you play straight through.  I tend to play games for an 1-2 a day and then go outside, so it took me three days to play.  Enjoy!"
76561198015352359,Recommended,319910,23535502,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,hrenky2die,"I just finished the game and I love all Trines and how they are going with the story, but main con I have about this one is that it's too short.After 6.5 hour of the entire story with all the Trinegleoids ( think that's the name ) collected it's a bit too short for my taste. I enjoyed it nevertheless and am hoping they will release a DLC soon to continue the story."
,Not Recommended,319910,19242694,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Toltage,"What happened?I was one of the many that originally bought Trine 3 during Early Access, and all I can ask is ""what happened?"". This game is just so unfinished! All this final version of the game is is the Early Access build with 1 or 2 tweaks and a couple more main levels and a bunch of boring side ""challenges.""For the positives, like it's predecessors, this game is so damn beautiful. If anything, Frozenbyte's engine can really pump out great graphics at a smooth framerate. Other than that, new puzzles with Zoya's rope mechanics are a great addition to the game.For the negatives, the combat is still the same from the Early Access build, which basically consists of having Pontius run around and mash X and Y to kill things, or spam RT with Zoya. And since there's no alternate weapons or upgrades for the characters, it gets old FAST. You'll basically end up just knocking enemies off cliffs as Pontius and going on your merry way. Enemies will also only spawn in on combat arena sections of each level, which makes every encounter even more monotonous and predictable.When you're not locked in the simple combat, you're stuck in a platforming collectathon for ""Trineangles"". I don't mind collectathons much, but it's almost all you do in Trine 3 and it's extremely dull. And this is MANDATORY to unlock all levels in the final build, which is insane. Puzzles are generally ultra simple and nonexistent.Often times while hunting Trineangles and progressing through a level, you'll be trying to judge where you'll land or where you are in relation to other objects, as the new 3D element of Trine 3 makes it hard to orientate yourself. To be honest, the 3D aspect doesn't even add anything to the experience, rather than detract enjoyment from it. This probably wouldn't be an issue if Trine 3 didn't hold onto the right analog as its crutch and gave players full 3D camera control with it instead, though of course the levels weren't designed with this in mind.To make things even worse, issues from the Early Access that should have been polished up STILL persist, e.g. object collision (I literally ran through an object within 1 minute of the first level in the final build). Hell, even the story feels unfinished as there's NO resolution. The last level leaves you with a massive cliffhanger and nothing else, as if the rest of the game had to be cut short.In short, do not buy this game unless you want a glorified tech demo. If curosity grips you, wait until a sale at the very least. You'll be done and fed up with this game in 4 hours and want your money back."
,Not Recommended,319910,20118685,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MisterPiratePete,"""Whats your favourite/Best Game of 2015?"" asked a friend of mine and to be honest I don´t know it.But I know for sure, that Trine 3 is the Worst Game of 2015.It's short, it's casual, it's Buggy and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198039893698,Recommended,319910,23281752,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ilthraenai,"Yes, this game is as good as it's predecessors. There are some new mechanics (for example Zoya can now attach 2 objects together), and in general, this game it is a step in the right direction. But there are a few problems.First off, the game is now in 3D. If you are a 2D purist you will not like this. Personally I found out that the perspective can get in the way a bit, but I got used to it, and had a lot of fun with it. The 3D-ness opens up some new possibilities and new kinds of puzzles which is great.Second, a huuuuge missed opportunity. The rest of this paragraph contains a minor spoiler, consider yourself warned. At a certain point our characters are taken into a book. This would have been a great opportunity to take the game back to it's roots and give us some 2D puzzles, but they kept it 3D. I don't know why, but this bothers me. I see it as a huge wasted opportunity.Last, and the most important of all. The game has no ending. Apparently the developer didn't have enough money to finish the game, so they left it without an ending to the story, leaving us in a cliffhanger. This makes the game shorter than it should have been. They promised some kind dlc to complete this in the future (maybe for free, maybe not) but so far nothing has come out - at least, not that I know of.Despite its flaws it is still a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,319910,23636893,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fominator,Ignore all this negative reviews.The gameplay is just a bit changed and still alot of fun.Having the same gameplay over and over gets boring I actaully enjoy this gameplay alot more than I did Trine 1 and 2 I feel like you have to be a bit more skillful. And it's super fun for me not alot of games can entertain me this well.
,Recommended,319910,31966379,Posted: 25 May,all,Tin Foil Hat,"Thus far is looks and feels just like the original Trines, just in 3D which adds a nice new feeling to the franchise. Looks like theres mods and custom maps just like the others.Soo far im not seeing what the hate is about. I think i might do a full play through of all 3 again because its been like a year or soo since i played 1-2, then update after i do but for a few bucks im not seeing the problem. Maybe its just the original full price may have been bloated for the experience, well see."
76561198071618387,Recommended,319910,23510423,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,zaid123,I played trine 2 very nice trine 3 is a very good developed game its great I do not why it has a low ratting if you like trine 2 buy trine 3 but I have to say there is problems with multiplayer mode
,Not Recommended,319910,21384052,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Sapphire Crook,"Oof.This game.OOF.Trine is such a lovely series. I loved this game.Then the ending happened when I least expect it.This is like the fireworks show to send off the old year, only it stops halfway through once it gets good.It was fun while it lasted, but maybe get it on the cheap? You can 100% it in less than 6 hours so...I'm sad, but sometimes the good guys finish last.The shift to 3D was done extremely well, in a way that puts most old SNES->N64 games to shame. A lot of mechanics are missing (levelling up skills is one) so it might get a bit stale, though it's too short to get there.I'll applaud the effort. The best I can do is hope for another one. Golly gosh."
,Recommended,319910,35186236,Posted: 24 September,all,Mike,"I really can't understand all the negative reviews of this game...unless they all bought the game full price and really resented the $20 price-tag that much.I played and loved the first two Trine games and enjoyed this one all over again. Trine 3 might have had a few bugs and camera issues with multiple players, but nothing close to game-breaking, and it still has the same charm that the first two installments had.The art style and levels are beautiful, the controls are responsive (not ""pinnacle of platfom gaming"" but still good) and as a co-op experience its a great 4-6 hours. It's a blast solving puzzles, whacking a few monsters, and exploring with 1-2That being said, the only complaint I might have is that $20 is alot for a game of that length, but I bought it on sale. I rarely buy games full-price these days. YMMV"
,Recommended,319910,22995766,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Karma,"It's way better than what those negative comments say, totally worths the time and money"
,Not Recommended,319910,26346368,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,valkyrassassin,"The final boss battle is ridiculously hard, and after about 30 attempts, having to rewatch the same cutscene over and over, and with zero saving when you reach each stage, I decided enough was enough. The combat at times is terrible throughout if playing co-op, because half the time it's hard to tell who is who in the heat of battle. Add to that poor perspective as a result of being '3D' and making jumps is trickier than it should be. Overall, I was relatively happy though with the game, up until that final boss battle, despite some bugs, but I'm that annoyed right now, it's getting a thumbs down. Fancy graphics to not make a game good, and the first two were far superior, and nowhere near as frustrating, and also had better puzzle elements. This game is focussed too much on combat, and does it poorly."
,Recommended,319910,18967249,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Shaolu,"The single player experience is a little short, clocking in at around 6 hours for me. However, everything else about this game is thoroughly enjoyable. I play games on GNU/Linux exclusively and the performance for this game on my OS is great. The art direction is top notch, as in the last two games. Everything about this entry feels like a worthy addition to the Trine franchise.There are some things different in this game, most notably the lack of skill progression. I know former Trine fans might really miss that, but honestly I felt rather ambivalent about it myself. I mean... does it really make much sense anymore anyways? For me, I love Trine for its light-hearted storybook-style fairy tale setting and story. It actually kind of bugged me that if you played the first Trine you started off in Trine 2 without some of the skills you gained in the first one, and some don't even exist in Trine 2 that existed in the first Trine. Likewise when people complain that Amadeus can no longer conjure more than 1 box at a time in Trine 3, I have only to remind everyone about the lack of floating platforms in Trine 2, other player abilities, equipment in chests, etc. So, it's not without precedent.I actually think it's good to see Frozenbyte trying to stretch out and experiment. Accordingly, having the freedom to move along the Z axis in 3D is a great addition. At first I was skeptical and thought it might be too confusing or change up the core gameplay mechanic. But, how it's implemented is done really well. It's different enough to be interesting, but subtle enough to keep things familiar and intuitive.Really, the biggest thing for me (as I mentioned earlier) is the story, and Trine 3 presents something very intriguing that recontextualizes the two prior entries in the franchise. I don't want to give any spoilers away, but suffice it to say the game goes back to its roots and sets out to answer a question I hadn't really thought to ask before: what is the Trine in the first place? What is *its* origin?It's not just this new revelation either. The game also goes back to its roots in bringing back skeletons and other darker elements seen in the first Trine. I actually played Trine 2 first, so going back to the first Trine felt a bit disjointed at first, since the story seemed more epic and a little darker. Trine 3 manages to keep the light-hearted fun tone of Trine 2 while telling a story more on par with the first Trine.Sadly, it looks like the devs were shooting for a story scope that would fit the epic premise of Trine 3. I say sadly, because the game ends rather abruptly on a cliffhanger. Maybe in the future with a DLC or two the story presented can be properly finished. I know some players could look at this as some kind of money grab, since in the past with Trine 2 its DLC expansion was truly an expansion, with the original story relatively standing alone.But, y'know, even there there's precedent. Plenty of films have ended on cliffhangers, and $8 for a 2 hour film at the theatre is still more expensive than $22 for a 6 hour game--especially when said game also includes multiplayer.  (Disclaimer: I actually only purchased the game while it was on sale here recently, but mainly that's because I was waiting to get the game once the Linux version exited Beta).All in all, I would definitely recommend getting this game if you like the Trine series. It's definitely different than the prior entries, but if you go into it with an open mind you might just be pleasantly surprised."
,Not Recommended,319910,34376088,Posted: 20 August,all,イカ (Ika),"Trine 2 was allot of fun, Trine 1 has very bad input controls, Trine 3 3D idea does not work, input controls lag and having to wait 4 minutes every time to continue the game after the character failed to jump is not fun at all."
,Recommended,319910,31934646,Posted: 24 May,all,eXPRESS #名誉の男,"I like that 2D to 3D change. It's fresh and after the Trine II I had just enough of it, so yay, good change. I feel that some people hates the change just because it is not what they expected or wanted.Art style and music are on point (as ever with Trine).Maybe the conversion of Euros to hours played might not be the best but I bought it for 6E so I can't really say anything."
76561198046108966,Recommended,319910,15733751,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,#1 idiot NA,"At the time of writing this there are only two story mission out, that being said, this game is amazing. Classic Trine style gameplay with an added element of the third demension. Innovative, colorful, and fun. Can't wait for the next update."
76561198086233122,Recommended,319910,28492489,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sanguine-Tarsier,"Not nearly as good as Trine 1 or Trine 2, but not a bad game.Good:*Visuals.*Soundtrack.Meh:*Voice acting.*Certain puzzles. (not all of the puzzles fit well with the 3D perspective of the game.)*Easy.Bad:*Too short, only 1/3 of the game was actually finished before they ran out of funds.*No skill tree.*Characters abilitys. (Amadeus only has 1 box for example.)Even with all its problems I had fun playing despite only taking 7 hours to complete (spent an hour searching for 1 triangle),So I would still recommend, if you can get it on a discount even better. :3"
76561197987837900,Not Recommended,319910,24821694,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DropKickKaiser,The switch to 3d was a complete failure. The controls dont work well and the game lost a lot of its charm. Hopefully the next Trine will go back to its roots
,Recommended,319910,29577859,Posted: 29 January,all,oranmahn,uncompleted story makes me waiting expansion version not abandon this series
,Not Recommended,319910,23573374,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ fairy tale story+ 3D visual look (best looking Trine yet)+ online co-opCONS:- cliffhanger ending (only a third of the story)- hugely nerfed character skills/powers- clumsy 3D level design- no difficulty settings available- some bugs/glitchesComment:Oh how I was looking forward to this game. After buying 2x Trine 1 and 6x Trine 2 I was hyped for this next instalment. I was not sure the 3D settings  is necessary but I waited to see the game. I did and OH how disappointing it is. All the cool powers of our heroes are gone. The game suddenly ends with not much resolved in the story. To 100% Trine 1 I played 18 hours, for Trine 2 it was 54 hours. Trine 3 got me 7 hours and even that is with replaying some levels just to look around. The 3D level design is clumsy and often times you just die because you went behind a rock to explore and the camera never followed you. What does not help is that the game does not have any difficulty settings and is generally very easy. All of this is because the devs got way over their budget with the 3D and released an unfinished game, they admitted to this. It is very VERY sad because I want there to be more Trine games but not like this one. If it was a random platformer I might have let it pass as acceptable, but I just cannot do it here. Not recommended... :(------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,319910,16907952,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Shaggy,Wait for the complete story. 9/10
,Recommended,319910,23374126,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,markosindustries,"More Trine fun, works really well in 3D."
76561198015210040,Recommended,319910,25668776,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,monsterkillu,"A beautiful game. Really appreciate the great effort by the developers to try out something new and take risks.I really liked the controls although a bit difficult at times, but the content was bit short.Hope to see more levels in the future updates (if any)."
,Recommended,319910,17692682,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mumra,"If this were released on its own rather than as a third installment in a so-far solid series then it would undoubtedly garner a huge amount of praise, despite its very short length - I finished the main storyline in a single sitting of around 4-5 hours and there are only a handful of optional levels I have left to finish. Unfortunately, as the third part in a trilogy, it would be reasonable to have a certain degree of expectation for this release. So overall I was disappointed, but I am still recommending this game on its individual merits.So why does it compare so unfavourably? Well, firstly, I'll discuss what it does right. The environments themselves are absolutely gorgeous and extremely detailed, even more so than the first two. The continuation of the story is compelling and the writing and voices are as excellent as ever, and it is good to see the background stories of the main characters and the Trine itself fleshed out further. The move to full 3D exploration is a bold and refreshing change and the new game mechanics, both as a reult of this and some other new additions, are certainly very interesting. Unfortunately where this falls flat is that these mechanics do not feel exploited to maximum capacity and most of the puzzles are very run-of-the-mill. Many of the more interesting puzzles and uses of the mechanics appear to be in the optional levels rather than the main quest.Additionally these changes produce some undesirable side effects. Only being able to use the rope on specific hoops rather than on lots of surfaces feels somewhat like a step backwards. The different character abilities also feel quite redundant now since a lot of puzzles can now be completed with any character - any of them can move objects around which seems to be the solution to a ton of the puzzles.And sadly, the introduction of 3D environments which, as I said, was potentially a very interesting change, in the end doesn't really add anything new and is in fact even detrimental to gameplay. Exploration can be very confusing at times, and the camera angles frequently obscure the player and other things that you want to be able to see. The controls are more awkward since there is an extra axis to think about, it is slightly strange because sometimes ""up"" means ""up"" and sometimes it means ""forwards"". For the large part it is just a cosmetic change rather than adding anything deep in terms of gameplay, or remixing the classical gameplay elememts with this new paradigm. Mostly it feels like it's still a 2D platformer so the 3D controls just get in the way.Another quibble is that respawning seems to have been made worse, especially on the optional single-character levels. If all your characters die you restart at the last checkpoint and sometimes there aren't enough of them. But on the single-character levels there are no checkpoints at all so you have to restart the entire map - the main reason why I haven't completed many of those levels and I'm not sure if I really want to go through and finish them all.Finally the story just doesn't wrap up in a satisfying way, due to the short length. Such a shame!So overall, this is still a very fun game, just lacking in content, and certainly doesn't stand anywhere close to the first two. If you go in with the right expectations then hopefully you will still enjoy it."
76561197995435529,Not Recommended,319910,33757733,Posted: 23 July,all,SirWompalot,"I should start out by saying that I loved the first two games and played them as much as possible.Now that that's over with, I can say how I really feel.This game is decent. The departure from the first two into 3D gave this game a little more depth to the puzzles. However, the execution is a little wacky. It's very easy to miss precise marks when maneuvering and the camera doesn't move, so figuring out depth is a little tough sometimes. That's easy to overlook when compared to the biggest blunder, though. The story is half-finished. You retrieve a shard of a vital item and the credits roll. That's it. There's no resolution or even a tease for more, just a cliffhanger and a pat on the back.Overall, I cannot honestly say I can recommend this game. It's been out for 2 years and is half a game."
,Not Recommended,319910,31443449,Posted: 29 April,all,xcorionxc,"Are they kidding, right? Ending not included."
,Recommended,319910,17877849,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MeteorToTheFace,"3/5 stars.  I really enjoyed trine 3, but honestly it felt like a very polished demo.The good:The 3rd dimention adds a HUGE amount of enjoyment.  Puzzles are more complex, mob AI is more complex, and the levels are even more beautiful than before with fully realized 'enchanted forest' levels.  The controls are excellent and aiming is 2nd nature.The bad:The 'lite-rpg' elements are gone: no skill points to dole out, no level ups or power ups.  I think the reason these are gone is because the game is just too short.  With only 4 - 5 hours of content, there isn't enough time to level so they just removed it.Ultimately if you enjoyed the other trine games you're going to enjoy this but will end up feeling jipped of content when the credits roll."
76561198121640353,Recommended,319910,24849124,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nanos Grendel,"i hear a LOT of people complain about:""it's not as good as Trine 1 and 2 because they removed skill tree""OR""They reduced your special abilities like monster levitation, multiple conjured items,etc.""So let's set this straight TRINE 3 is NOT a Sequel BUT a PREQUEL!this means that it takes place before Trine 1 and 2this is told in level 1,2 and 3this also means that they nowhere near as skilled as they are in Trine 1 and 2this could explain the missing skill tree and special abilities(but it could also be budget cuts who knows really..... :D).......................................................if you want to see how it all began buy it on sale for 7,- or less but in the endthis game gets my rating of  8.5/10""a bit short but stil a good game"""
76561198061842673,Recommended,319910,16582303,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Wojteixx,"SUPER! polecam KAZDEMU fanowi tej serii. Na slabych komputerach zdarzają sie spowolnienia, ale na tyle male ze nie psują rozgrywki."
,Recommended,319910,17798195,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Driant,"Many others have voiced their concerns, and I agree with most of them. I'm not enjoying this as much as I did the previous installments. I felt like I got more than what I paid for in Trine 1 and 2. On Trine 3, I got 'only' what I paid for, so I really can't complain that much. The game is entertaining, and worth its price. I recommend it, even though 3d does not really work with this genre, and game feels a bit gimped down in comparison to its predecessors."
,Recommended,319910,15798346,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,victorzvyagin,"Ok,  let me Start by  saying This very review  is based  on my experience  with the Early  Access of the Game.Am I gonna change it? Probably,  but I guess  since  Frozenbyte is developing it, feedback  would only  increase in positivity.So, Trine 3: Artifacts of Power. The Game that continues where  the best indie game ever left -  from  point of three heroes in fanntasy world,  who had plenty of adventures already. Let's  get straight to Cons  and Pros:Cons-Story  seems to be repetitive a bit from Previous games at the start-Not many Levels  so far, in Early Access?...... Hope we see more soon- The controls are not as ""Satisfactory"" as in, say, Trine 2-  ie. Wizard  is not creating the boxes by ""drawing"" them, but rather  makes them appear with 1- button Press,   Zoya  can no longer  attach to Any wooden surfacess,  Pontius  is a bit hard to control, in terms of moving around and blocking- but, as always,  it can be easy to get used to eventually.- The  whole extra dimension  of Gameplay  seems a bit Raw,  and Buggy  at times,  when moving objects/ walking.Pros (Get READY!)-The Whole  new Flippin'  Dimension! Now, you can   move in 3D, rather  than just in  2D- platformer- way-The Graphics  and  Effects (evaluated  together here)-  Much more Detailed  and satisfying visual experience!- The Physics-  despite  being a bit confusing in 3D,  you can actually do a hell of a lot more with Environment and objects now!  Not to spoil  much,  you  can  already create boxes  easier  (which can be seen as advantage  as Well!) and   now  Wizard has a power  to ""use Force"" to smash them downwards, Zoya has new rope physics for Puzzles, Etc.- The Voice- over-  As always,  the amazing  story must be combined  with great acting- and in this Case,  VA is perfect!-  The Bonuses-  the ""extra""  areas, like challenges  and a Whole  Garry's mod-  like Physics  sandbox room included now!Obviously,  I managed to stream  and Upload my First  experience with this soon-  to- be masterpiece on Steam:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Zwwo_JSwEgPS oh, And obviously,   ""Do you recommend this game?"" You dam serious ?  It's  Trine! 3! from  the FrozenByte! Of COURSE I recommend it!"
,Recommended,319910,17799818,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,thegoodguylives,"Trine 3 is gorgeous and makes great use of it's new three dimensional world, but the lack of character abilities and the brevity of the game work against it. As a huge fan of Trine, I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of it and truly hope for more DLC to continue the story."
76561198004063929,Recommended,319910,15535379,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pippala Games,"Please kindly find my video preview here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwefht5TW8First thing I would like to say is, this game looks great, the previously praised art style of this game has been further perfected by the upgraded graphics and the increased depth of field had really turned this game into more of a full 3D side-scroller than its predecessor.The game control is straight forward and sleek and it gives you a lot of fun to solve the puzzles that were presented to the players in a very subtle way.However, as every early access game, there are expected to be bugs and glitches, and that is exactly my case. The game had been crashing on me for a few times and I kept losing my game progress whenever that happened.So, I would suggest fellow players to hang in there until the game is more polished if you want to really enjoy it without much hassle."
76561198069092703,Not Recommended,319910,22851506,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Åberg on da mic,What a sad successor to such awesome games as Trine and Trine 2. This game is a 3D buggy mess.
76561198040475207,Recommended,319910,17747884,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kawika,"This game is very fun and well made.  The criticism it is getting for the shortness and lack of character progression are valid, though these are the only important criticisms.  Outrage over the shortness of the game could have been easily prevented by being up-front about the length of the game and lowering expectations.  I think $10-$15 is reasonable for a game of this complexity even though it can be done in 4-6 hours.  It is a very polished and fun game, and people are mad because they want more of it!  The only way to get more of it is to support the developers, so if this is your main concern, please recommend the game!About the gameplay, I can see how the move to 3D was very difficult, since the interaction between abilities and level design and camera all are very polished, and it is a better game for it in my opinion.  The more gameplay elements you add, it will get exponentially harder to make everything work together.I think in its current state, it would be very difficult to add more abilites to the characters.  Different arrows for the archer would be pretty easy to add, and maybe have the knight's butt-stomp be unlockable in addition to some hammer and shield abilites.  The mage is the hardest to add progression to, because the game already has a lot of easy verticality due to wall-jumps that render additional boxes and planks redundant for most things.  To remedy this, I think only certain surfaces should be wall-jumpable.  For example: slippery rocks = no wall-jump, weeds/plants = yes wall-jump.  That way the level designers can control vertical gameplay a bit better and allow for the mage to have interesting conjurables.  And maybe have an interesting plotline so the poor guy can finally learn to fireball!I will be very sad enough people shy away from this so they can't afford a 2nd half (or really, last two-thirds or three-quarters).  I would fund it on Kickstarter in a heartbeat, though!"
76561198033588941,Recommended,319910,17899326,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MajorRichardSharpe,"Loading screen: ""There is more than one way to solve a puzzle""Indeed..the way the developers want you to solve it and glitch jumping with Pontius10/10 would hammer space bar again"
,Recommended,319910,17732207,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,☆Moses-dA-k1nG☆,I Love This Game
76561197993247597,Recommended,319910,18324019,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Serzhas,"I've been playing Trine 3 and thinking... How come, that people nowdays are willing to pay tens of euros for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in-app purchases in freemium games like Candy Crush or Clash of Clans, to name just a few, but when given an ABSOLUTELY best looking (PC) game to date - start to complain about game length?! That's beyond me... So far Trine 3 stands for standards set by previous Trine games. It's very fun and beautiful, and attention to level-design details is simply astonishing! Damn, the game even has russian localization and voice-over out-of-the-box! And, have you EVER tried Trine games with 3D Vision?Just think how much would you pay for regular movie ticket (+popcorn & cola). And that is for ~2 hours of ""fun"", if you choose movie wisely. And here you have THE GAME for roughly same price. It's only 6 hours long? Compare that to movie! And, game has built-in level editor. So, I believe community will fill the gap quite fast.Conclusion: this game is absolutely amazing. Grab it and make yourself happier for at least 6 hours. Show your support to developers."
,Not Recommended,319910,32965877,Posted: 28 June,all,JsK,GAME IS TOO SHORTPlayed Trine 2 for 45 hours and Trine 3 for only 4-5 hours.-.-
76561198081837922,Recommended,319910,21730805,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Twentyonepilots,this game is awesome and kids can play it
76561198060926956,Recommended,319910,30567992,Posted: 17 March,all,GhostRider,"This game is really enjoyable, especially if you play local co-op game. Of course, the 1st and the 2nd Trine were the best, but this game is still fun, beautiful and the soundtrack is great! It is espcially a huge laugh when I investigate the front of the ""background"" to find the trineangles and jump to my death. Although it can get pretty anoying when I have done that more than 10 times. But seriously, the Trine saga is a huge laugh especially when playing with friends and family ;P.  The 3D effect is frustrating sometimes, but the art-work is still beautiful, but it's missing something like ""magic aroma"", which Trine 1 and Trine 2 have.Sadly, the story is waaaaaaay too short! Although it seems like a relevant and clarifying story, because it's about THE Trine, who is fundamental in the saga..."
,Recommended,319910,23696636,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,EgLorde,"I am not sure why people gave this game mixed reviews. This game is awesome and amazingly detailed.  I played Trine 1 and Trine 2 to completion and loved them both. Trine 3 is a beautifully done next installment. The 3D aspect is a great addition and did not feel out of place moving from 2d to a 3d format.  I didn't feel overwhelmed or frustrated with the controls and it seemed like there were a lot more possibilites puzzle wise. Based on those mixed reviews, I went in to playing Trine 3 with low expectations. I was more than pleasantly surprised and I highy recommend the thrid installment.Shame on those mixed reviewers!"
76561197982930294,Recommended,319910,19987825,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mr Bean,"My regret with this game is reading the negative reviews and NOT buying this game until now.  I agree that it is NOT Trine 1 or Trine 2! It can't be! People would shout DLC ...  The 3D world changes everything, not for the worse but poses new challenges.  The game is beautiful as always, the length of the game... No I will not sink 700 hours into Trine 3 but it is not $100 either!  I paid a few $ on sale and I get plenty of $$$ worth of enjoyment.  I like Trine 2 so I play Trine 2. I like Trine 3 so I played it.  On sale this game will pay back your $3 or $4 within an hour! I enjoyed it! I'm glad I bought it! That is my few cents worth of a review...."
76561198050244733,Recommended,319910,22998412,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jamal,"I think this game is really good. Yes, people hate 3D - I like it. People hate no upgrades - never mind. People say it´s unfinished - well not really .3DI think 3D isn´t bad at all. You´ll have some problems with platforms (jumping next to platform = Die (mostly)) but I must say that what it brings to the game is way more than it takes. Camera is sometimes a bit sloppy but you´ll get used to it.No uprages? Really?At first i was pretty dissapointed but actually i started to realize that there are no upgrades needed. You have every spell of your heroes from the begining. Pontius doesn´t have his hammer, but he has charge and jump BOOM (jump and charge to the ground). Zoya doesn´t have her Frost shot and Fireball (fire shot), but she has a new mechanism with her hook and trust me it´s really intresting. Amadeus doesn´t have his 4 cubes + bridges (no bridges just 1 cube), but he can SLAM BAM his cube and it can devastate enemies pretty well.The game is ""unfinished""Story? Yes (but does it really matter? It´s like movie, you must wait for sequel) Mechanics, graphics, fun? Hell NO. Playing Trine 3 is unique experience. It´s a bit different apart of the 2 ancestors but it´s still good if not even better - and the graphics...oh boy...AMAZING.Maybe the price is bit too much - get it on sale and you won´t regret."
,Recommended,319910,15547003,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,NessaMonsta,"I loved the game from what has been released so far. I played in single player mode and livestreamed. While at times it was difficult, the challenge made it that much more entertaining. The art work is beautiful as well as the music. If you like puzzle /action/adventure games you must buy it! Take the challenge and enjoy the storyline with intriguing voice over. For an early release game this has the least bugs and issues and was very well put together. The last level is a really cool custom level built by the devs that has loads of fun things to explore which for me provided comedic relief after the challenging level before it. What are you still reading this for?? Go buy it! ;) HIGHLY RECCOMMEND"
76561197971520896,Recommended,319910,19036103,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,rwalter99,This is a very good game. I ran into a couple of collision detection problems but nothing that prevented me from finishing a level. If you enjoyed Trine 1 & 2 like me then you will enjoy this installment as well.
,Recommended,319910,19107303,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SoundBlstr,"Short, but spectacular. Especially with 3D Vision. Thanks to the developer for supporting 3D."
,Recommended,319910,19039884,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SilvertaildFox,"Trine 3 is a great game but is very different from the first 2 games.As always, Frozenbyte delivers a great game in both visuals and audio. But to my regret, it's a lesser title than it's predecessors.The collectables are no longer experience points, but will count toward unlocking new levels. This also means you'll have all available skills at the start.They made the move from 2.5D to full 3D.  Full being a bit much said. It still behaves like the sidescroller this franchise has been know as. And with 3D, the problem of depth arises, most present with floating objects and enemies.This game is quite shorter than what the franchise is know for, with the ending demanding a followup.But this doesn't mean other new things are bad. Amadeus finally has a decent combat ability, and being able to move while levitating is a nice addition too, even though his abilities have been reduced to a single box. Zoya can now tie her rope to objects. In both I see possibility to be used in the old 2.5D style. In addition, all characters can perform walljumps, which I'm fairly ok with.In the end, would I be willing to pay full price? Not in it's current state I'm afraid. What would I consider a good price? Well, I bought it at 50% off, and what I got was well worth the price. Frozenbyte titles are known for their insanely deep discounts. Trine 1 and 2 have seen 85-90% cuts, and it hurst me to see such great games go so deep. So yeah, I would definitely recommend buying at -50%, perhaps a bit more."
76561197968615426,Not Recommended,319910,17851873,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Grey,"I'm a long time fan of the Trine series. And though most of the reviews are not recommending it is due to its shortage of content, that was hardly an issue for me. I've been playing more than a week.Sure, other Trines were a lot longer, at least twice as long. But still, 6 hours, versus 12, I consider both short- valid points for sure, but still, this game was at least 3D right? So, there was a LOT more content, and a LOT more puzzles and, for that matter, puzzling puzzles!But, that's the problem. I've been playing the game for a week. And there was no extra content. No extra puzzles.I just couldn't bother to finish it. I played my time(see above), and the puzzles were so mind-numbingly mundane that it just didn't capture me. The story was dull. I've literally quit the game before its already short lifespan could even come to a close. It was just, terribly boring.You'd think 3D amounts in more puzzles- but you'd be wrong.Minesweeper is more complicated. Pick a class and facecheck your way through boring* gameplay.Deeply saddened by this.*but beautifuledit: couldn't leave it unfinished. Even worse now."
,Recommended,319910,24074231,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,96 in 3 hit,"It has a wonderful scene and best music that make you feel comfortable,the only shorttage is every puzzle doesn't have a answer,it made me confused to collect all the dimonds and unlock all the chapter.But it still a good game to be recommended,hope you can enjoy yourself."
76561198022658933,Recommended,319910,29038094,Posted: 5 January,all,Gamingman,"Great game but it's not finished it feels that huge part of the game was missing, one more thing you think it's beautiful try and play it with nvidias 3d vision( i know ppl call it gimmic) it's faking amazing"
76561198021383222,Recommended,319910,21847765,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,blackserpent666,"Granted, this game should have been titled: ""Trine 3, Episode 1"". it is a short game, takes about 4 hours to finish.But still, I don't understand why this game got so much negative reviews. It's cute, beautiful, and brilliant. Well worth the money. Heck, Money isn't the problem; My time and efforts is what's expensive.Summary: BWoS. (Buy When on Sale)"
76561198025415796,Recommended,319910,18348162,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,RedTitus,"I'am disappointed. Not in the developers, but in the gaming community. This game is nothing short of breathtaking. Short. So what. How many long games most of us have not finished because of length? Even in its shortness it still outshines most games out there. From Trine 1 to 3 ,it just gets getting better. This is not a large publisher. They don't have the millions that let's say WB had when they made the last Batman installment which was a flop because they did'nt put much attention to the pc port as they did to the console. These people put their heart and soul into their games. And it shows. I don't think they have anything to apologize for. The 3d needs to be implemented better in the game? What game are you playing? It's all for visual effects. Well done I must add.  You want to see how incredible the 3d is ? Try it in 3d vision. As a matter of fact all three series look extraordinary in 3d vision. They come to life. It's something that can't be explained but experienced to understand.  I'am hoping that Frostbyte continues this epic series. What a shame it would be if they did'nt. They wanted to do something different in Trine 3 and it shows in a good way. Worth every cent of the price of admission. WE WANT MORE TRINE!!! My time played does'nt reflect what it shows here. Not sync to steam cloud."
,Recommended,319910,28736967,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Serey45,"Great puzzle game, that utilizes 3-D aspect well. It has a rich story and great map detailing, but feels short, only 4 hours of game play. The ending is not finished and needs another part. Overall well designed game, but disappointing."
76561198047864018,Recommended,319910,30456931,Posted: 11 March,all,Ocean Disciple,"The 3d takes some getting used too but adds to a layer of complexity.  All in all, the game was enjoyable and I would recommend it. The only real downsides are the ending and length."
,Not Recommended,319910,26150256,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SkankHunt42,"This game is the worst game from all series. Trine 1 was too much better, Trine 2 TOO MUCH BETTER, don't buy this game, game still didnt optimized, have a too much bugs, lags, in MacOS in Windows. TOTALLY NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME, don't waste ur time, dont waste ur money for this game."
,Not Recommended,319910,26150002,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Andy2fast,"wow! After 1 and 2, this one seems a lil bit out of place, introducing 3D plane with 2D camera angle.. it moves weird, the game isn't as challenging as the others, but seems harder because of the weird controlls. It has a 'world' systems similar to Mario World... in which u can advance by collecting everything in previews chapters, i really hate that. If u want the real Trine experience stick to 1 & 2. This one is bad in my opinion."
76561198025227275,Not Recommended,319910,26167044,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,eregontp,"Deceiving, there is no ending.The graphics and gameplay in the giant book level is pretty boring.Graphics in general are OK, but overall Trine 2 is a much better game and has an actual storyline.Killing monsers also lost its fun since the only way is with Pontius' jump and stomp, which once learned is very repeatitivie. You also constantly have to avoid enemies hits, instead of just going through them with the sword (Trine 2)."
76561198046126111,Not Recommended,319910,21010019,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Macrocephaly,If you are looking for trine 2 quality of hame play then avoid this game. They ruined it trine three isn't a good game compared to trine 2
,Not Recommended,319910,20361732,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,n1njaturk3y,"Compared to the previous Trine games this was a joke. There was no ""puzzle"" solving or anything of the like, it was a ""Oh look at our pretty backgrounds, here we will move the camera around for you even if it doesn't help you progess through the part you are at because the path you need to take is in the foreground, but our background is so pretty"" game. They also did some crap where they gave you a ""full game"" and only put 1/3 of the story in it. So now I have to wait for and buy the DLC/other game inorder to finish the, not even that interesting, story. Also as you can see, this game was ridiculously short. And about 2 of the 5 hours that I have in this game probably weren't in the main story, rather that time was spent in little mini-quests that had no purpose. Another horrible aspect was the bland combat. Trine 2 had a great system where you could upgrade your character to better suit your purposes and have a little bit of extra fun, and it also made all characters combat viable, in this, each character has 1 kind of attack (except the knight who technically has 3, but only one is particularly useful) and the theif and wizard are completly useless in combat. All the wizard can do is try to navigate his box around the convoluted camera angles and slam it on enemies, and the theif has to attempt to land arrows on the enemies with the same problem, renedring them both useless. Tl;DR: This is a watered down Trine 2, play that and the first game instead, ignore this incomplete title."
,Recommended,319910,20368915,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sight,The game is pretty cool but there is some of wall bugs. I did realy enjoy the strory but i hoped it is longer it took 10 hour to complete the full game and collect all of the triangle. When you did enjoy Trine 2 then i realy recommend to play this game as well.
76561198256102469,Recommended,319910,28498826,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jesuschrist,thanks for  releasing in linux.
76561197966781603,Not Recommended,319910,28455262,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PopeInnocent,"While a decent overall experience, Trine 3 is the weakest of the Trine releases. The 3d was a nice touch and the art style of the 'story' sequence is PHENOMENAL! It had glitchy mechanics in multiplayer (especially dealing with Zoyas rope) and did not explain a few new mechanics at all, we didn't even realize we could hook the rope to two loops until about 3/4 of the way through the game. Trine 3 ended on a BIG FAT CLIFFHANGER.I dislike the binary yes/no, so I might suggest it to certain people but as an overall--I'd say skip it to the general populous."
,Recommended,319910,32864679,Posted: 27 June,all,AncientSkull CSGOHandouts.com,Muito curto demais
76561198027096401,Not Recommended,319910,32476762,Posted: 16 June,all,PaperResistance,GLITCHY AS FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUK
76561198061676986,Recommended,319910,32169117,Posted: 3 June,all,AraFin,"THIS GAME IS GREAT! Despite a lot of the negative comments I think this game captures creativity and graphics and a superb hybrid between the original 2D view and the new splendid 3D environment!If you like an adventure, some comedy and puzzle solving I would recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,319910,17806262,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"To put it simple, this is the game that either should have come later on when it was a full complete story of a game, or should have stayed in EA til it had the funds to finish the story.   The graphics are nice in being modern but they don't have that glow like in Trine 2 which is a shame.  The characters and voicing are original, the story is enjoyable, but the story ends on a cliffhanger that claims to be the end.   IMO, unless there is some future DLC for this, then I don't see any reason to buy this UNLESS you are a big fan of the game series.  Even then, I would suggest you avoid it because its way too short, the challenge in it are tricky at best, but easy.   There is a workshop so thats nice.  I don't know if there are any cards or things but reagrdless, there is so much potential that just felt left out.So in the end, it pains me to do this, but I would pass on this game.  its way too short, it feels incomplete (not in performance, but in story), and it feels like a game that either should have either not been released ever, or released in 5 years when they might have had enough resources to complete the story.Oh, and if you want a video that kinda sums up the feeling, then watch ""WTF is Trine 3"" by totalbiscuit.   He too thinks that its a damn shame that this game turned out like it did.  So sad really....EDIT:   in terms of gameplay length, if I didn't worry about completion, then it would take only about 3 hours or so to finish, and about 10 or less if you complete every single thing."
,Recommended,319910,28547487,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Spike1996,trine 3 is an amasing hands down expiriance expecialy with coop and local multiplayer 10/10 they dident pay me to say this
76561198036858964,Recommended,319910,18941915,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,fsfeel,"Despite all the game's flaws, I got enough fun playing with my friends to recommend Trine 3 for co-op - the physics-based gameplay still delivers a lot of these amusement moments of trolling and cooperation. Environments look really gorgeous and immersive.Get it on a sale (like 30-40%) or wait for more patches. Give Frozenbyte a chance. I wish they will learn from their mistakes and make a more balanced and polished game next time.Frozenbyte continues to release patches. Though we've encountered at least two nearly game-breaking bugs at the moment but managed to bypass them so beware:1) a puzzle with a door and three buttons - the door opened only for one of us (the host) so the rest had to disconnect from the game until he got to the next checkpoint.2) the last bossfight - seems thathost'sscreen resolution like 1366x768 (laptop - also the game has no precisely matching resolution for this one) prevents the bombs to properly appear on the level (for everybody). If this happens, let another person (with hopefully working resolution) host the game."
76561198030873553,Recommended,319910,23430519,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,aquila205,"Great game, beautiful game world in 3D. The new Trine experience needs some time to get used to it.The only disappointed part is the length of the game is a little too short. (Compared to Trine 1 and 2...)Hopefully there will be a DLC or Complete Story Edition avaliable......And if the developer can bring back the skill tree system at the same time will be fantastic."
76561198050492702,Not Recommended,319910,28924832,Posted: 1 January,all,Rawr Ima fox,"biggest waste of money if ever spend, wizard just does everything... would rather have spend the £4 on losing lottery tickets... boo"
,Recommended,319910,15503016,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Porty6600,"What's there is AMAZING!!! I love how it's still mostly sidescrolling, 2D, but now has an element of depth to it. The theme park level drove me crazy, because I was under the impression that this was the whole game, so I spent hours trying to 'pass' the level. Bowling with Amadeus was amazing btw!!!"
76561198022662602,Not Recommended,319910,23657943,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,AtmanActive,Removal of RPG elements is unforgivable.Trine 2 rulez!
,Not Recommended,319910,20970977,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Saladien,"pros:great visualscons:almost no story.bugs...(doors wont open, physix is just crap as allways, boss fights wont work)3d is...(character movement could be better)feels like a demo, 3-4 hours for a playthrough in an 20 euro game, wtf.network problems, disconnects etc."
76561198107904360,Recommended,319910,33184222,Posted: 3 July,all,Geomystery,"Best of trilogy for me. Combat is very fun and challenging at same time. Puzzles are not as hard as in Trine 2 so game flows smoothly. Wonderful visuals and level design. Maybe not as long as second Trine, but much more fun."
76561198078736557,Not Recommended,319910,31172874,Posted: 16 April,all,Nick The Prick,"As someone who loved trine 1 and 2, trine 3 was a major disappointment. The game went one step forward and two steps back. The 3D is nice to look at but the gameplay in 3D is wonky and awkward, and the game is only about 5 hours long. I left off with one level left and I'm being generous in assuming that last level is an hour long. Trine 1 and 2 are miles better than 3 and they're respectably longer. If you want to play a good platformer that's challenging but has a SEVERELY flawed story than trine 1 and 2 are your go to games, trine 3 was not worth the $15 I spent on it.TL;DR Trine 1 and 2 are awesome, ♥♥♥♥ trine 3."
76561198063266577,Recommended,319910,32963532,Posted: 28 June,all,In~SpectrE,wish the complete edition come soon
,Recommended,319910,24026494,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rmz,"Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is a 3D platforming game of action, puzzles and adventure, and the sequel to the 2D platformers Trine and Trine 2.Trine 3 got a lot of hate, which is mostly undeserved. As the previous parts Trine 3 looks just beautiful, amazing, gorgeous. Seriously, if you want to see a good looking game, this is it. The move to third dimension is a bit of a hit and a miss. The graphics still look excellent, but the platforming and puzzling is less intuitive and the jumps and some fights might be confusing thanks to adding third dimension. Even said that I have to admin that Trine 3 is a pretty and relaxing experience, even if you mutter the f word now and than when missing that jump.This installment plays similar to the previous titles - platforming, puzzles, fights - nothing complex, but sometime tricky. Yes, the game is shorter than predecessors, more or less half the length of Trine 2. It took me ca. 7hrs to complete it and hunt for some missing collectibles. Yes, it ends mid story, so it's obvious that they just ate all the budget before finishing the game, but I have to say that it's still totally worth it, just get it for the discount price. You don't get to experience the full story, but you can experience a beautifully looking platformer.I liked:* beautiful graphics* familiar characters* relaxing flow of the game* nice platforming/puzzlesI disliked:* platforming in 3d is sometimes misleading* the story ends mid-wayGet this:* if you like pretty platformers* if you like TrineDon't get this:* if you need long games* if you want to experience a fully fledged story"
,Recommended,319910,25059700,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,yxzwq,to short game easy to finish even all achievements to collectif only game is longer and have more levels and to every hero can get items like in trine 2
76561198002557443,Not Recommended,319910,19468387,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nobrainzombie,"I loved trine 1 and 2but trine 3 is something elsethe 3d and graphic are outstandingbut to have a non completed game with no ending, that is unaceptable"
76561198002630014,Recommended,319910,17993301,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SuddenlyCatwoman,"This game is a god damn work of art. The actual game length might be short but the quality of the experience is by far worth the price of entry. This is one of the most innovative co-op platformers I've ever played, and going through it with 2 buddies was a hell of a ride. This is by far the best of the Trine series. The art and environments are incredible.It's like pushing your friends off a cliff in a gorgeous painting!"
,Not Recommended,319910,19701585,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Luparax,"NEW AND UPDATED REVIEW, since the game is not in early access anymore.Review of Trine 3General InfoI picked this game up as soon as I discovered that it was available on Steam because I absolutely love the other two Trine games. A physics puzzle game that I can play with friends because it has a multiplayer mode while relaxing on the couch because it has controller support? Hell yeah.I have played the first 4 or 5 levels now, together with two friends, the way every Trine game is supposed to be played.GameplayYou control one of three characters: The Knight, The Thief, The Mage. Each of them has different capabilities. The Knight has a sword and shield for combat, and can glide through the air while using his shield as a parachute. The Thief can shoot arrows, and use a grappling hook. The Mage can conjure boxes and move objects around.You can switch characters at any time, although for those of us who played Trine 1 and 2 there is a ""classic"" mode, in which you can only control one of the three and two friends pick up the other two.Also, the leveling system has been removed. Every ability for every character is available from the start. I would argue that the leveling system was somewhat arbitrary, but some people will surely miss it.The Levels are intricate enough to be interesting, with hidden secrets and beautiful design. The general rule is ""go right, look left"", as it is for every sidescrolling game, but the 3D graphics make for interesting transitions and effects.The 3D character of this game is the cause of multiple problems though, which include characters going offscreen and getting stuck somewhere, solutions to puzzles or hidden secrets that are not actually hard to find take a lot of time to find because they are simple off screen, and aiming the Thief's bow as well as swinging from her grappling hook get somewhat of a challenge in itself.Letting the Mage move something can also create some problems, since the camera shows the side view of the landscape while the Mage can actually move objects in 3D space.Also: Different sized boxes, planks and triangles are missing completely from the Mage's repertoire, which reduces his usefulness by quite a lot.Controls overall feel slightly wonky, as the goal of puzzles seems to be more of a ""wiggle a thing into the right place"" more than ""let's find an actual solution to a physical problem"".EDIT: I wrote in an earlier review that the game does not support controller for player 1, the issue is now fixed, as I suggested it would be upon release. Good job, guys!GraphicsThose of us who have played Trine 1 and 2 will notice immediately: This game is completely 3D. And: The game is beautiful. In terms of graphics, this is definitely a big step up from Trine 1 and a moderate step up from Trine 2. I will ignore the problems with the camera in this section, since they are not strictly graphics related, and just say that I still enjoy the Trine art style. The way the levels are designed (graphically), they sure are some eye candy.StoryThe story is more functional than believable, more meant to drive the gameplay than tell something interesting, but has it's funny moments in almost every piece of storytelling that happens throughout the game. And despite my resentment against games with ""functional"" story, I did enjoy what Trine 3 showed me so far.The game is short though. The story is just a couple chapters/levels long.Multiplayer!Works reliable, at least. Pieces of story that were 1-player-only before now spawn in the other two players as well. Characters do not need to be switched awkwardly via respawning. You can request a switch by pressing a button and a player can answer your call. I haven't tried online play yet, since I happen to have people living nearby who also enjoy Trine, but I might suggest trying that out, since it might resolve some camera issues if you have three people on screen who go different directions.I noticed that there is very little helping each other. Before, players could stand on top of the Knight if he raises his shield for an additional height boost. That is not possible anymore. The Mage can no longer move boxes that players are standing on. The Thief never had an ability to help people, which fit perfectly, because she is the selfish one ;)The VerdictI would love to, but I can't wholeheartedly say that Trine 3 is a step up from Trine 2. The controls simply don't feel that smooth yet, and the 3D aspect introduces a whole new set of problems, especially when playing locally with multiple people (Damn you, camera!). If you have played Trine 1 and 2, I would suggest picking this up just to complete the series. If you haven't, playe Trine 1 and 2 first.Overall, I will give this game a Thumbs Down. It shows potential, and is fun to play in parts. But taking a step in a new direction also means facing new problems that the developers weren't able to solve entirely. The reduced ability pool of the characters, as well as the kind of puzzles that appeared in the game makes me hope that Trine 4 will do better, instead of making me want to play more of Trine 3.This is Luparax, signing out."
,Recommended,319910,23468677,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Hong Kong Journalists,"A beautiful, interesting and creative game, but also bugged for mac version. Hope they will fix it."
76561198056890154,Recommended,319910,23642242,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Spirit Warden,"The game was rather short but each level was a lot of fun to play through, the lack of character levelling wasn't a problem though it did diminish the value of the collectables and the lack of any secret items and extra powers was disappointing. Like Trine 1 it's nice to see each character go back to being their own unique thing rather than a jack of all trades (except Amadeus who was probably the weakest character in Trine 2). Speaking of which, Amadeus's lack of extra objects and other powers really made him feel diminished compared to the rest of the cast (Can only make a single crate and float objects around, he also cannot use objects to move people like the in previous games which is a pain). Like the rest of the Trine games it is great solo but really fun if you have a friend to play it with. For me the game performed at the max 100fps on Very High settings and I would suggest grabbing this on sale as the length of the game doesn't justify full price. I am looking forward to a Trine 4."
76561198025460724,Recommended,319910,31528743,Posted: 3 May,all,Obsidianface,"A bit short, a bit unconventional, but I enjoyed every moment! :)"
,Recommended,319910,15497277,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DangerSmith,Looks beautiful
76561198047799618,Recommended,319910,15811312,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lotharia,"Pros: I think that this 3D version is a really great idea, and it could have gone really wrong, but they've just made the best game ever with this update.The graphis has (obviously) improved and the character designs are amazing! I'm a bit torn with the fact that you can see the thiefs face, but it's still great.The controlls are easier which makes the game more fun and realistic to play.And the game itself, is always beautiful as usual.Cons:There are some bugs since this is an early access game, but they'll probably eventually fix those before they realese the actual game.When you play multiplayer, and let's say two pepole has to (with the thief) swing across something with their grappling hooks, it can be a bit inconvinient that you can't both hold the ring at the same time, so you have to wait for the other to get over. (Ring: whaterer the hell the thing that they put their grappling hook in).I'm really excited to play the actual game when it's finished!"
,Recommended,319910,16686111,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kappa ™,"I'm amazed at even v0.08 they have the beginnings of an epic 3D adventure! It *is* a bit early, and they haven't developed some of the core mechanics yet, but this slice of game is a snapshot of an AWESOME v1.00 release!"
,Recommended,319910,16963317,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,No Fox Given,"Physics can be pretty wonky at times but otherwise this is the most solid co-op game I've played in ages. Also, the campaign is quite short. Please add more levels!"
,Recommended,319910,17679791,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LPotato,Really nice :)
76561198026069722,Recommended,319910,17681440,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TopShmups,After seeing this on Early Access it was a no brainer for me to get it as I am a big fan of the other two games.However the early access builds didn't do the game justice in my mind so I stopped playing and waited for the final release.When it was released I was suprised how quick it had been finished and started playing and to my delight the things that had put me of like the different controls and jittery gameplay had been cured. The controls worked fine and were easy to get used to if not to easy it seemed at times that the character AI did most of it for you. The game played nice and smooth with the trade mark graphics looking as stunning as ever although Zoya could of been made to look a little prettier.On a downside the game isn't that long and it does kind of leave you feeling like the game was released incomplete or with the thoughts that there would be DLC to come in the future. This now turns out to be not the case there is an explanation from frozenbyte in the dicussions thread as to why this not going to  happen.Does this put me off recommending this?  The answer is  no you need this one in your collection if you are a fan of the series but maybe wait until it comes on sale if you think the price is two high.Well done guys
,Not Recommended,319910,20266680,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Voidsword,"As a fan of the previous Trine who's spent many long hours finding all the collectibles and dying countless times to get the host of difficult achievements in both, Trine 3 was a very disappointing new installment. For starters, the achievements alone were dirt-easy compared to its predecessors, requiring a single run without noticeable effort or tactics. Your characters even see downgrades to their abilities from previous games, now with no way to progress them.I'll admit it was interesting to see a change into more 3D-esque environments, but even that was badly done; it's like they couldn't quite decide whether to keep with their previous style or upgrade, and ended up doing half of both: The maps are very linear with few, if any, branches, next to no secrets, and painfully easy-to-find collectibles, which by the way have no effect on play other than unlocking new stages, which has always been a given before, so now it's just kinda dumb.On top of it all, the game itself is incomplete. It ends about a third of the way through the plot, very abruptly, with no prior indications aside from the newly-implemented story map simply having no more stages after that one. It is unclear whether the continuation of the story will be presented as another purchaseable game, DLC, or freely, but the fact that the game was released and advertised as a full, complete game at all is infuriating to me, when its predecessors most assuredly were.In conclusion, if you have fundamental respect for the previous Trine games and are hoping for the same fun out of this one, prepare to be disappointed. Save your money, or at least wait until the game is actually finished first."
,Not Recommended,319910,23623918,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DjentlemanZero,"I LOVED the first two Trine games, and spent many enjoyable hours playing them both in single player, and multiplayer with my kids. They are finely balanced, well polished platformers with great puzzles.Trine 3 is not those games.The graphics are amazing, but the gameplay is rubbish. The controls (on PC) are aweful. Zoya use to be graceful and flowing, and is now just painful to play. In Trine 2, we worked together using a combination of the 3 character abilites to solve the puzzles and find the extra points. In Trine 3, my daughters go-to method for passing puzzles is to ""glitch"" past them...Such a dissappointment, the full 3D is a definite fail :("
76561198078703477,Not Recommended,319910,19163785,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,marcin.t.bialowas,"Ok so it is short but it wouldn't have mattered if the gameplay or story would be sufficient. When you can;'t finish a game because of shortage of money, you should change the scenario so it wouldn't be that obvious.The gameplay is not as fun as it was in previous two games. its much easier when it comes to logical parts and more difficult(if not frustrating) when it comes to controls(especially on a gamepad).The 3D is completely unneccessary. it only causes more problems with controling characters and provides no additional content. I think it would be better if they went Full3D with rotateable camera.Oh and there really should be some better tutorial. I discovered few abilities only halfway through this game. and even with that I still could not move objects inwards and outwards with amadeus on a gamepad. I could only do it with a mouse scroll.all in all it's not that bad, still looks goos, still some fun but it's waaay beyond trine 2. if you get it cheap, take it, play  it, forget it. Then start Trine 1 or 2 again."
76561198167804429,Recommended,319910,23541976,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,OXENFORD,"Why all the hate? This game was really fun. Definately worth buying on sale, at least."
76561198045318350,Recommended,319910,18932033,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dcook,Nice looking game.. better than the other 2... Really difficult without a controller... mouse and keyboard just dont work too well in the 2d+ environment.
76561197990454484,Recommended,319910,18958857,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,zabealgorta,"As many people say, yes, the game is short. However, it is a great game. Yes, you can see they miscalculated the cost/complexity of going full 3D and this cost them to have to release a game that's much shorter than they envisioned. Remember this isn't Ubisoft, EA or Activision with infinite pockets and market researchers crunching numbers. Frozenbyte is a very small studio consisting of a bunch of dedicated gamers/designers.That said, would you rather them give us a short piece of fun, learn from the experience and make a better Trine 4; or go broke and never again see another Trine? With the recent %50 discount (when I bought it) this game is now priced right, as it definitely feels like half the game it should have been.Buy it and play it, specially now that's $11. It's fun, it's absolutely GORGEOUS - production values were seriously increased in this third game. I say buy it because for nearly ten bucks, the half game we got is certainly worth it. Another reason is that I want Frozenbyte to get money out of this, because they surely learned their lesson and will apply this knowledge to Trine 4.I want Trine to keep happening. Frozenbyte got too ambitious and messed up a few things this time around, don't be a vengeful person and boycott them. They're a tiny studio made of people who put so much of their life and money into this. Some cite their 5 million budget as a reason why they *should* have been able to make the full game. Those people have no idea how much making a game costs, 5 million is nothing. Games cost easily triple and quadruple that price to make.Enjoy the short experience and support this studio. They'll only be better in the future."
,Not Recommended,319910,34460422,Posted: 24 August,all,Nocturn,"It's a sad that the Trine Series ended up unfinished like this. You can ""finish"" this game in 3 Hours and seen everything it has to offer with little replayability. Game just ends when it starts to gain traction."
76561198011385213,Recommended,319910,15508701,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Anduril,"I loved  Trine 1 & 2 and was totally excited to play the 3rd part in ealry access! First of all i was stunned about the fact, that we now can go into and out of the camera view! so its 3D moving not only right and left. Its amazing and works good in the new World!This New Feature allows a lot new Combinations of the abilities from Amadeus, Pontius and Zoya!The Graphics got even better and you must love the art Design! The optical differneces between the levels are huge. Especially in the beginning (Castle-Forest and the Lazy Magician at the beach ^^)Some Points i recognized while playing (keep in mind its early acces so its no problem, just information for you and the the developers to make the game even better):-Dialogues and Sounds are not active (just music is playing (but wonderfull, harmoning music!)-Sometimes the character freezes and you move while frozen^^ (anybody else is thinking at olaf right know? xD)-Zoyas head got stuck in the wall-Pontius glitched into a gate, but became free after a short moment-The hook and rope from Zoya can be extended and shortend by scrolling the mousewheel) Thats preety annoying, but on the gamepad it works fine with the joystick-The Physics from the boxes are unrealistic by now (flies through the room by literally blowing at it sometimes)-Some bugs at the clothings (e.g. Zoyas leg comes through the her dress)-The 3D feature allows you to fall down the cliff in the for-and background. That happens very often if you´re not concentrate enough-Some lags while jumping with zoya up and down at a wall (assassins creed style :P)So i´m glad to say it will be an epic 3rd part of Trine and you will have fun and surprise moments especially in coop! don´t play it alone take a box of beer pizza and friends and play all night long (even when it will end in jumping and trying to fight against the other  one or pushing your bros down just until they will take their revenge, all for the fun for sure^^)So start again for an epic journey with a threesome group beeing addicted to THE TRINEE! :DSee yaAnduril"
,Recommended,319910,28535034,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,juggii,"So i bought Trinelogy Bundle for me and a friend and we played the 3 trine games and while i agree with most reviews that this game is short but it's worth your money. It has better graphics than trine,trine 2 and the game itself is just beautifuly designed that you will leave a mark in your memory like the beach and forest levels did it  for me. The 3d in a game like this is different and not as easy to control but with time you'll get used to it. I think the game is much more enjoyable when you play it with friend(s)."
,Not Recommended,319910,20895801,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DracoMalus,"While Trine 3 is still a decent game, and expands on the base gameplay in a few interesting ways, it is by far the worst of the series.  It's move to a 3D environment unfortunetaly cause some serious issues that can make gameplay rather frustrating or, in some cases, broken.Since you can move front to back now as well as left to right and up and down this causes an issue with proper alignment.  Trying to jump on something can be a trying experience because often you look like you're lined up with an object but when you jump you realize that it's further from the front of the screen than you are and you miss...Also, the physics in the game can really spazz out on you when manipulating objets, especially wizard boxes.  Quite often when levitating a box it will suddenly accelerate, sometimes in random directions, making control impossible until you drop it and levitate it again.Some of the environmental puzzles require physical manipulation as well, and while moving them only has minor issues, anything you need to rope can wonk out on you causing the item attached to the rope to just twitch and jerk like it's getting an electrical shock.  On at least a couple of times the objects twitched and and got stuck in a place that made it near impossible to progress because it was right in the way and it got stuck to where we couldn't manipulate it.Aside from the bugs caused by the total 3D environment there is lot missing from the game that we've become used to in Trine and Trine 2.  One is that the art work suffers because of the 3D environments.  The color, the lighting effects, the overall style, makes this game not quite as good looking as its predicessors.The game also comes up short from its predicessors by not having any kind of upgrade system.  The wizard can only make boxes now..no planks or floating platforms.  No specialty arrows for the thief, and no special attacks fro the warrior (I miss that big thrown mallet!).The game isn't a complete loss however.  It still has its effective narration, its story is quite good I think, and its characters haven't changed in their personalities leaving the dialogue still at a minimum, but humorous and lively all the same. Perhaps it's best addition is that players can all be the sam echaracter now if they so choose.  If each player is playing teh same character each will have its own color.  Even with the color difference though it can still be confusing tryig to figure out which wizard/thief/warrior you are when another is standing right next to you.  I must admit though it has resulted in some moments that were quite amusing.Level design is also quite brilliant at times, with the extra dimension adding a lot to puzzle design and solutions but adding to gameplay snafus mentioned earlier.  There are a couple of levels dedicated to an alternate look and feel which are very nicely done, but are too few and too short to fully enjoy.   None of the levels we encountered so far have been of any significant difficulty.Another addition to the game is somewhat of a world map where you can navigate the chapter as you see fit, going back to replay any level at any time.  There are also side stories off the main path that offer short little scenarios usually focused on one of the three heroes.  These short little levels offer a small break from the main story and add a little bit of back story to the heroes and sometimes some the better puzzles in the game.  There's a few references to other games scattered throught the game as well.Still, in the end, my friend and and I found ourselves longing for the likes of Trine and Trine 2 for their more basic (non-3D) design (that is, less frustrating navigation through the game world), their fuller play mechanics with experience and upgrades, and their richer, brighter, and more charming color and lighting.I really can't recommend this game because, while I don't think you'll completely regret playing this game, all it will do is make you remember that Trine and Trine 2 really are as good as you remeber and you'll end up wishing you were replaying them instead of this one."
,Not Recommended,319910,23228175,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SubZero,"Although I have obtained all the achievements possible for Trine 3, overall i believe its rather a failure than a good game like Trine 1 and 2.The most problem i have is with the camera issues, unlike the 1 and 2 which you get a flat 2 D view of the surrounding, Trine 3 tried on 3D mode which absolutely redundant!!! Hate the 3D view, 2D have served much better purpose.At times when you explore you would not be able to peek a corner behind the direct view resulting your character fall to its miserable dead while you dont know WTF went wrong.If you are a fan of Trine 1 and 2 do not bother trying Trine 3, as it might ruin your good memories.Improvement on graphic was nice.the story is nice however its not completed."
76561198088060517,Recommended,319910,17668116,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Septimus,"I originally gave this game a negative review, and this was largely because I feel like, for the price, it is much too short (three or four hours of gameplay, depending on how long you spend messing around). However, upon playing it some more, and upon hearing from the developers why this game was so short (due to budget constraints, mostly), I've decided to give it, overall, a thumbs up. The gameplay is fun (there's just not enough of it), and it really is gorgeous. The mechanics are pretty nice (despite there being no upgrades, which I miss), and, since it exited early access, the bugs are very few and far between.The reason that I decided to change my review from a negative to a positive one is because I would like to see more of this game, which will only happen if the developers get the support they need. It would be stupid if a game which was criticised for being too short had to remain short only because it was criticised for it. They were (and hopefully, still are) planning to make more of this story, but they could only bring out so much to start with (which the marketers did NOT make clear in early access), hence the cliff hanger ending.It really is a nice concept. They've taken a 2D platforming game and turned it into a 3D one, which is still beautiful and still works well, and I, as a long time fan of the whole series, would really like to see some more of the Trine series made. I was a bit annoyed when it first came out about how much money I'd paid for such a short game, but it IS worth it to support the developers, and it IS a very good game.Gameplay:7/10 (because there are no upgrades, but otherwise it's very nice to play)Graphics and look:9/10 (It IS beautiful. Fleeting, but beautiful.)Length:4/10 (4 hours and I would have liked 10)Overall:6/10 (because it's too short and there are no upgrades to work towards, but if it was made longer this would definitely be an 8 or 9/10)"
76561198033377344,Recommended,319910,33873043,Posted: 28 July,all,baldingalbino,"Despite all of the negative reviews and short length I really enjoyed this game.  It's not the same as Trine 1 or 2, but it is still fun to play.  The graphics are still beautiful and have the same feel as the earlier game even with the switch to 3D.  It is a little short, but still worth a go."
76561197961788263,Recommended,319910,34067996,Posted: 6 August,all,Ho Ho Hodengeruch,"Funny little game. Completed all achievements in coop in appr. 7 hours (included some hilarious fails ;) ). Nice graphics, voice over sound and music.Recommended for easy completion."
,Not Recommended,319910,22838004,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,escalonaparra,"Good looking terrible game. Enjoyed the first 2 games a lot, specially when playing co-op, but this one just seems unfinished."
,Recommended,319910,24543572,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lulu~,"The game is unfinished, and is not like the other 2...But, like a big fan, i still recommend it. The game looks so beautiful in 3D, that you must play it."
76561197963007668,Recommended,319910,17672887,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Waddles,"Did not play Trine 1  or Trine 2, but this game was great. Amazing graphics, smooth gameplay, fun multiplayer co-op."
76561198056159327,Not Recommended,319910,17661179,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,#Gutterboy,"This game is crap, i purchased this game thinking it would be as amazing as trine 2 but i was sorely mistaken. There is no skill tree so no fire arrows or any other specials for the characters. The wizard can only conjure a single block and cannot adjust the size of blocks, so the wizard is boring and useless now. Yes its a pretty game if you can run it, but playing with no abilities just makes things so boring. If you want to play a great puzzle game with your friends just buy trine 2."
,Recommended,319910,16875576,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Znetc,"Pluses:- Wonderful art and level design- Great way of implementing 3rd dimension.Minuses:- Extremely buggy co-op mode, up to blocking bugs."
,Recommended,319910,17656881,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cold_Ankles,"I will reccomend it, because in the end it is still a fun game. Although the transition to 3D has resulted in a few quirks in the controls it still plays like a Trine game, complete with wonderous visuals and fairytale story. There are few complaints; namely the puzzles aren't really solvable in as many ways as previous games and the wizard isn't quite as versatile as he once was. The big one is the length. Far too short. At time of completion, I feel as though the story has been only half told. Aside from these gripes, I'm loving the rope mechanics implemented with Zoya and the resultant puzzles; as well as the epic, beautiful environments Trine is so well known for, extended in 3D with more interesting backdrops.All in all, a bit short, but still fun. Maybe wait until more content is added or it's on special to pick it up."
,Recommended,319910,17656995,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,michaeltm83,"Although the game itself is very short (Took me about 4-5 hours long on my first playthrough), the game itself is very fun. The 3D envirement adds more depth to the game, but it still feels like Trine 1 or 2. Although the lack of upgrades does take from the replay value of the game, since I already got all the Trineangles and all the achievement with that as well, there isn't really any replay value, unless I'll do a co-op playthrough as well. DLC is probably gonna happen, especially after seeing the game's ending. Overall, I really enjoyed the game, but the game was too short for a $20 game, and the lack of replay vslue that was in the other two Trines is gone from this game."
76561198074063929,Not Recommended,319910,26092322,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Guy LeDouche,"Played Trine 2 and loved it. Trine 3 though is terrible. No character customization/upgrades. It's super buggy. The 3d aspect sucks, the controls suck. Would not recomend. It's dumbed down half finished garbage. Apart from that the artwork is nice."
,Recommended,319910,17695556,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Terepin,Bring moar!
76561198091525239,Not Recommended,319910,31502691,Posted: 2 May,all,30cm,"No, this is not Trine, the 3D stuff is really fail, buy Trine and Trine 2 instead."
76561198100744786,Not Recommended,319910,30039754,Posted: 19 February,all,Keizer Kuzco,"It feels like a punishment to play this game, Trine 2 and 1 were funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥but this is garbage."
,Recommended,319910,17629501,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CeeJayII,"Great game for Coop and 3D. I know there are few out there who game in 3D but, if you do, you must pick up this game. It's beautiful enough in 2d  but in 3D, like it's predecessor, it's amazing. Still has the great, low stress puzzle solving and intermitent action from the 1st games."
,Not Recommended,319910,17703247,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,TouchyMcFeely,"A quick caveat to my “No” recommendation: I’ve played all 3 of the Trine games only with Local Co-op and cannot speak to the single player experience.Like the first two games, Trine 3 is beautiful and the music is fantastic.Unfortunately the game play in this edition less than stellar.The biggest, most frustrating issue was the camera.  If we separated too much one or both of us would end up off screen unable to figure out how to get back on.  In the previous versions, if a person was left behind they would respawn at the location of the player who was further ahead.  We were never able to trigger that action in this game.  What was worse is when both players were off screen and neither of us could figure out how to get back in frame.We ran into this problem multiple times and it was frustrating to the point where we both gave up.I was really hoping Tine 3 was in the same vein as the first two but no dice."
,Recommended,319910,17406467,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Matthewar,"Early Access:---------------------Somehow they managed to make the game work in 3D, with better graphics and more intuitive controls. Great so far!After release:--------------------Game is really pretty, and 3D adds some interesting elements to the gameplay, such as wrapping ropes around posts (Zoya). However the game is short, and sometimes it's hard to tell where you can move in 3D. Also lots of the abilities from Trine 2 have been lost, particularly for Amadeus.Still worth a buy, but if you're unsure you might prefer to get it on sale."
,Recommended,319910,17654926,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TheChobe,"Can't give this game a thumbs down. It gets better the longer you play it, but still needs work. The controls aren't as smooth or intuitive as they used to be. I don't know if it's just me, but I sure fall off a lot of cliffs while exploring. There is a little too much freedom for our own good here. I kinda miss character upgrades too. Overall, a great game and had fun playing it!"
76561198046044468,Not Recommended,319910,17750748,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Red Spark,"this game is unreasonable short, and has no replay value."
76561198027115309,Not Recommended,319910,17671410,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Psionic Enforcer,"As much as I loved Trine 1 and 2, Trine 3 fails to live up to the legacy. Let's get the good out of the way quickly. As always the visual design is phenominal, with beautifully rendered and detailed enviornments filled with color. The music is also quite good, lending a nice atmosphere to the game. Finally, the villain, while cliched, was probably the highlight of the game for me. He embraced his cliche and I think was more fun to listen to because of it.But here comes the bad stuff. First of all, the game is really unfinished. I played with friends, and the number of puzzles we ""beat"" or were cheated out of a solution by bugs alone was astounding. Glitches abound, with more than one level having to be restarted because Pontius merged with the scenery. Add to that a physics engine that breathes with its mouth open, and you have the recipie for something very shaky.On top of that, the game itself is criminally short. Without too much spoilage, there is currently only 1 world out, consisting of only 7 levels and a handful of mini levels. My friends and I completed the game in 5 hours, but it would have been much much shorter if the game hadn't forced us to backtrack to earlier levels and comb them obsessively for collectables just to unlock the next story mission. And it ends on a cliffhanger, presumably until episode 2 or whatever they call it comes out, but it left us baffled when the credits rolled.In short, Trine 3 is a beautiful looking toothpick sculpture. Nice to look at but very easy to break. I might be more willing to reccommend it when more patches come out for it and the game is actually finished, but considering this game came out in early access before full release it mystifies me how it could be so incomplete."
,Not Recommended,319910,17929677,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dioragno,"This game is good looking and the new 3D engine is cool, even if uncomfortable at times, but it isn't worth the money.I usually never pre-purchase games, but I really wanted to play it with my girlfriend so I bought TWO copies of this garbage.Now, don't get me wrong, I bought the early access and we had fun.The game got out and it was fun, but it's a rushed game full of bugs and glitches that doesn't hold up against the first two games in length, puzzle depth and storywriting.So, 22€ each copy for less than 7 hours of content. The developers knew they were running out of money (they spent it all on the 3D engine...) so they did the whole Early Access thing to cash in what they could, without warning their players the game was ♥♥♥♥ing short and the story wasn't finished.They even cut out the skill tree and the characters' levels, so now you just get the same skills the whole game. Zoya lost the various types of arrows, Amadeus only has one box and no planks, Pontius can't charge his shield to interact with objects.It's just a bland, short, 3D copy of Trine 1 and 2.We had to close the game and reopen it while playing multiplayer because the client would often desync, making cooperation impossible, as a desynced trap would hit you even if you saw the blade on the other side.It's cool Frozenbyte wrote a post explaining why they did such a mess, but it's a mess nonetheless.Wait for sales, when it'll sell for 5€ then go for it. It's almost a scam, and if the time wasn't up (because I played it in Early Access, while waiting for the ""full"" game) I'd be asking a refund right now."
76561197971190870,Not Recommended,319910,17794340,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Doug38,"No more talent tree for heroes. Less construction possibilities for the wizard, less levels, very short.A lot of bugs inacceptable for a game being in alpha for months.Trine 2 was definitely a lot better.Can't recommand this one at full price, it's a half of the game we deserved. Hope a free DLC will complete the story.I lost confidence in this serie :("
,Not Recommended,319910,24811870,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,DisappointmentWhere is my  hidden ChestsWhere is my itemsWhere is my SkillsWhere is my 2D Sheet viewonly 4 hours of gameplay time(with the side story missions aswell)this trine doesnt feel original this time 3d gameplay is good but sometimes frustrating when you try to get a triangle but your characher cant get it cause of the 3d view you cant get the angle for itAnd WHATTT THE♥♥♥♥♥With these triangle collecting its makes the game like go there get that and move on its like a collection Simulatior WTF ? they are not hard to get its just takes 2 min of your timethe puzzles are easy as♥♥♥♥♥you wont be spending any time on it its just 20 sec of ok lets put this cube here so i can pass or lets be fast this time before door closes thats  it.Amadeus had more options in trine 2 with ladders and triange platform where are they ??Pontius aswell the hammer is gone ? flaming sword is no longer there aswell WTF ?Zoya Doesnt have flaming bow anymore ?? What ??it just doesnt worth more than 3$ get it on sale like i did.
76561197967114137,Not Recommended,319910,17655913,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Suckmyface,"Great game for what is actually there, but what is there is not much at all.I feel like the game was either rushed to release, or sacrificed content for the gorgeous graphics.Do not get this at this stage if you want more then 4 hours gameplay, still feels like early access."
76561198025304456,Not Recommended,319910,17670927,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,U.S.Marshall,"Game is sub titled the artifacts of power...and is maybe only 1/6th of the way finished. Purchased the game in the Beta phase and was looking forward to the completed version, which was never delivered. The ""game"" delivered is not a finished game and not worth the money. Stick to trine 1 and trine 2 if you want to waste money with frozenbyte, which at least have some replayability."
76561198040083342,Recommended,319910,17805944,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,lifestop,"Good game, but it is VERY short.  You can easily finish Trine 3 in one evening.The game ends at a point where I felt like we should have been 20% finished with the game.  I just sort of stared at the screen in disbelief as the credits began to roll...My friends and I beat it in less than 4 hours.. we weren't rushing."
,Recommended,319910,17852342,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Strong and Stable,"A very long and well thought out game that definitely does not end in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, abrupt boss fight. Well worth the full price, make sure to never buy it in a sale so the developers get everything they deserve. 20/5 would buy ALL future DLC which isn't obviously incoming."
,Recommended,319910,18105496,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Yuki 雪,"Before you downvote my review saying I know nothing about games, let me tell you why I recommend this.First of all, like the other two installments, the area design is gorgeous. I couldn't have wished for more on that side.Secondly, this is a fun game regardless of length. Multiplayer is extremely fun too.Now, speaking of its length. Many people find this to be a downside because it's 22$. All developers make mistakes in some way or another, and while Frozenbyte could have forseen it, I do not blame them.At first, the Cliffhanger really bugged me: Why even put a final cutscene there?Then, I started to realise that it's not that bad after all. After all, when you get a cliffhanger like this, you start wondering what would have happened. You think about it, perhaps fantasize about how the rest of the story would go. This makes Trine 3, with all it's flaws, still a memorable game. It looks great, there's plenty of jokes, the area and puzzle design, although not hard, is still fun.Don't let the bad reception and cliffhanger get to you: It still is a great game, that leave syou thinking about the plot afterwards. Literally.And to Frozenbyte, sorry it had to go like this. I still have faith you can make up for it one day. After all, all your games so far have been enjoyable. Cheers."
,Recommended,319910,17852818,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Madfish,"Maybe not perfect, but at least they were Trine :)Seriously, some hard facts- Has a few physics glitches but nothing major/gamebreaking- It's a bit short / story feels as if it'd finish ""mid way"".- Story is indeed not as great as T1 & T2 but still has beautiful moments- Puzzles a bit too easy for veteran gamers+ Great Co-Op implementation+ Puzzles feel different from the older Trine games so it's not just a warmed up soup+ It's definately not too pricey compared to the fun you will have+ It looks great as usual+ Comes with a soundtrack, and a VERY beautiful one at that"
76561197993746306,Not Recommended,319910,17650253,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Cockwaddles,"I can't say that I liked this one as much as the last two games, which I LOVED. Feels mostly like a downgrade than anything.It feels extremely rushed and they removed almost half of the content from the previous games. The character progression is non-existant this time around for some reason; no talent tree, no extra skills, don't even get to draw or make different sizes of boxes as the wizard. Also the story progression system feels very forcefully gated in that you have to go back to previous missions and collect ALL of the meaningless crystals which is a ♥♥♥♥ing pain in the god damn♥♥♥♥♥if you didn't realize this the first times you did the missions."
76561198064942831,Recommended,319910,17820167,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DovakinKnight69,In Trin's current build it does have some rough edges. That said it is beautiful and fun to play. Over all it's worth buying and will only get better as development goes on. KEEP UP THE AWESOME WORK ^_^
,Not Recommended,319910,24370247,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr.Krydd,"The game is made in a way that makes it really annoying to play! The collectibles in the game is not as in the other 2 games and personally I think they should be. I don't recommend this game because it has a really annoying gameplay that just makes you frustrated. I'm sorry but this game is nothing like the others, and that's not a good thing! So do yourself a favor and don't play it."
,Recommended,319910,33039348,Posted: 30 June,all,JeremY SKINUP.GG,"This game is fantastic. I have very good memories after the first two parts and I wondered what the creators will show in the third but 3D? This is the best solution possible. Trine has come up with something new, has changed the game and has enriched the game with new experiences. Highly recommended: D"
76561197986054766,Recommended,319910,17910349,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Prism,"AWESOME!! a bit buggy with the screen, but i'll still give it 8,9/10 rating stars <3 i have to curse to show my love for the game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love the game"
76561198038451831,Recommended,319910,18929194,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,(CFH)Sanjak,Its much easier than the other Trine games-but lot of fun--Thanks
76561197970364291,Recommended,319910,17947568,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,The Rog,"Some say it's a little short, but still had lots of fun for hours. And the game dripps with style and atmosphere!! If you liked the last two, your going to love this too!"
,Recommended,319910,15560512,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,はかせ,10/10
76561198066429516,Not Recommended,319910,17793521,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Staropikmin,"This game is ridiculously short for 21$. There are 5 or 6 main levels and 5 or 6 mini side levels. It is fun, but it just doesn'tprovide enough gameplay time."
,Recommended,319910,18936411,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,HeartLikeAWheel,"This game got a lot of criticism when it was just released. Maybe things have been patched up, because to me there doesn't really seem to be anything that is bad. It's a little different from the other Trine games but I like the 3D aspect. The ""personal"" challenges (ones that you play with only one character) are a bit hit or miss but most of them are fun. The game is pretty short (so was Trine 1, but I can imagine people got a little upset) but very fun and I think most Trine fans will enjoy it.Also the game looks so beautiful!"
,Not Recommended,319910,26840021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,{Veiny Dog}Lara Croft,"Disappointingly short, much shorter than it should have been and ending on a massive cliff hanger. Literally smack 1/3 into the story it ends (3 artifacts of power, you get one, roll credits). Downgrade in weapon abilities, and variation.A sad ending to an otherwise fantastic series."
76561198052602329,Recommended,319910,17868969,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,gibsonguy01,"Yeah, the game is shorter than the other ones, and it's true that the story drops off in a less than elegant manner, but this game is still a good buy. The art is fantastic, the music is as beautiful as ever, and the 3D game design, while slightly jarring at first, was equally as fun as the previous games with the advantage of being just different enough to feel fresh.For me, Trine was 7.5/10, Trine 2 10/10, and Trine 3 8/10, 9/10 or better if they finish the story. If they finish it and make the game as long as they say they originally wanted I would have no problem pay more for a DLC than the game even originally cost me. $22 for 7 hours of gameplay (the amount of time Steam says I've spent after just beating the game) that is, subjectivley, well above average is not a rip off in my book."
,Recommended,319910,17870998,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Zero,"Great game that does not deserve the hate it has recieved.Yes, you have lost some of the abilities you has in Trine 2. Yes, sometimes the camera will not allow you to completely ignore your companions and run off without them. It is a new game. It is NOT Trine 2.1. So sad, I know.What it IS however is a wonderful game with all the signature beauty, puzzles, and general good times you would expect from a Trine title. What you may have lost in Amadeus's box building, you have made up for in Zoya's new grapple tether abilities, etc. You also have this wonderful new dimension. I know it is confusing sometimes. We humans live in a 2D world and cannot fully understand a 3D world without extensive training after all. That said, it opens up all kinds of new possibilities for combat, puzzles, and exploration.I've already got my money's worth in the short time I've been playing this with my GF. We both love the game, including the few charming quirks that 3D brings to the table. Sorry ♥♥♥♥♥ and Reddit, we're not hopping on the hate bandwaggon today."
76561198015896949,Not Recommended,319910,17666787,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Crolas,sooo.. beat the game in 2 hours and 40 minutes... it had a metric ♥♥♥♥♥on of glitches. the artstyle was verry nice. but the 3d gameplay was terrible and dit not add anything to the gameplay. if you want to try this game but have not tried trine 2. then i recommend trine 2 over this one. the game felt like an alpha version the balance of the characters was way off. the warrior and the mage where verry overpowered while the archer was just useless for many of the puzzles / encounters.all and all i would say it is not worth buying trine 3. its a shame i loved 2 and was waiting for this one for a long time.unfortunately this not the succesor i was hoping for.
,Not Recommended,319910,17668886,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cosmic Mammoth Erection,"While the game is super fun and amazingly eye candy pretty, it's short.Way to short, I bought in the early access which had 6 levels in it, I heard this was about a quarter of the game, but it wasn't, the main story mission is like 3 missions longer, and there are small challenge levels that are no challenge at all while being also really really short.If it's on sale for 5 dollars, grab it.Other wise wait until they add more content to it that is hopefully free because this still feels like early access based on how short the game is.6.5 hours and already I've found all the trineangles except on the last level, after you find all the trineangles that's it, you beat the game 100%, it's that easy/short of a game."
,Recommended,319910,33868931,Posted: 28 July,all,Soponyai,"Fantastic graphics, great gameplay. Trine for the first time in real 3D. Previous titles only allowed you  to move in 2D space, not this time. Although a bit short, I would still recommend this if you are into puzzle/platformer games."
76561198046732004,Recommended,319910,25483630,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,WackoJacko,"Great game! anyone who cried about it not being 2D, its because they have no game."
76561198088237621,Recommended,319910,27720954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Burnburn,best game evahhhhhhhhhhhh slay
,Not Recommended,319910,17783880,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ecky,"Compared to the 2nd installment, this is unacceptable, it's not even half a game. It's one 3rd of a game with some puzzles which just bugs out.Unless it get fixed, don't buy."
76561197960815930,Recommended,319910,30196741,Posted: 26 February,all,ッ 𝓅ﻪгﻪ ժuժε,"Multiplayer, Fun to play with friends.You're always active thinking about the solutions.Play as a team!Great experience :D"
76561198043756511,Recommended,319910,30478252,Posted: 12 March,all,Daniella,I loved all the Trine games and this one is awesome too
,Recommended,319910,17873220,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"Trine 3 is an absolutely stunning game, one that keeps true to the Trine roots but unfortunately fell prey to the sin of ambition. The artwork, soundtrack and cinematography are still top notch, showcasing production values that I’ve come to expect from the series. The core mechanics and gameplay are still there, just streamlined a bit in order to reduce friction. However the game is clearly only a third of the creator’s original vision, with numerous levels and story left undeveloped, never to be explored by us gamers. It’s really quite unfortunate as parts of Trine 3 we’ve got are just incredible but that quality has obviously come at a cost. Hopefully this isn’t the death of the series as it would be a real shame to see it go just as Frozenbyte was reaching its peak.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/09/01/trine-3-artefacts-of-power-a-whole-new-dimension/"
76561198079468657,Recommended,319910,17884156,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Slashanger,Great game! Couldn't praise it high enough.Having played Trine 1 & 2 on PS4 it was a nice change to use a keyboard and mouse.This game is definitelty worth the purchase.Only downside would be the achievements seem to be slightly buggy. I completed the game with every Trineangle but havent received all of the achievements.
76561197994252185,Recommended,319910,19042740,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Jones,"Halfway playing Trine 3 and so far very impressed compared to Trine one and two.Must more details and movement plus the new abilities, or though one thing I dislike is that the game is short and not something you can play for a longer period. Otherwise good game ;)"
76561198044231641,Recommended,319910,18347868,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Clubbernaut,"Erase from your mind what you expect to happen when you play this game. Forget about everything you feel this game owes you. Ignore everything that anybody is saying about the game as a whole. Now you can play it. Everyone I have talked to who went into this game blind enjoyed it for what it was. Don't let others taint your opinion on an otherwise enjoyable puzzle platformer.That aside, if you absolutely must have an opinion to base your own off of, my experience with the game was a very enjoyable level design, coupled with some off-putting tech problems. Despite having a decent PC, the load times were irritating, but quickly forgotten in the very well-done story missions. The side missions punctuate every failure with a load screen, which quickly drained my patience. The fluid visuals and witty use of space throughout every level is something to be proud of, but the game left me wanting more. Seriously, this game cuts off so abruptly that I went back to check for anything I might have missed, thinking that I might find the other half of the game. Nope. None to be found. Trine 3 is fantastic while it lasts, then ends with a drunken stumble rather than a big finale. This is an understandable budget problem, but I can't help but grade the material that was provided, and this was all I got."
,Not Recommended,319910,24370224,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,adoorable door,"this is a unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that dare call itself trine. the camera is horrendus, the 3d is badly optimised, ending up confusing you and making the game unplayable. when playing multiplayer one player will randomly lose control over his character, and the other one ends up having to recollect the collectibles each time you die. a certain part in chapter 6 is hard to play because of a change of artstyle that resembles Borderlands. while it makes sense storywise, it makes a game that's already hard for the wrong reasons even harder, simply due to a artistic decision. if you liked the other two games, do yourself a favor and pretend this was never made. don't do the same mistake I did"
,Not Recommended,319910,23127229,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,gebagia,"The game is buggy as hell, I couldn't play it anymore althjough I tried. I do not recommend to play this game until a huge update is coming. It is a step backwards for the Trine series.3/10- Confusing controls- Buggy as hell- They removed the upgrade your character system"
76561198130053901,Not Recommended,319910,17791485,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jesus Christ,Way too short! I mean seriously paid good money for this game. Very lackluster. not good.
,Not Recommended,319910,33545913,Posted: 14 July,all,Mattchops,"I've never been able to get this game to work. I bought it right after it came out and all these years later, I cannot play it. I even built a new PC between now and then and still no luck. The launcher will load, but nothing else."
,Recommended,319910,17744619,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Krolmar,"Trine 3 is changing gameplay with 3D fixed camera and it's great. Maybe puzzles isn't too hard and game is a bit short , but have great visuals and soundtrack and still very good gameplay and physics."
,Recommended,319910,33915327,Posted: 30 July,all,Liortalus,"I would recomend this game to anyone wanting to have a beautiful experience with someone.I finished the game Co-Op with my Fiancee, and we encauntered only 2 errors, where we only had to restart the level to be able to continue.The fact that you can explore the surroundings during a level gives you a lot of freedom. I really love that they made this possible in trine  3. There are so many details in the art it really takes you into the magical world.Level Design wise, the game is not too dificult. In my opinion it felt balanced.During the game play with my fiancee, we had so much fun and laughed a lot. It is truly hilarious sometimes what you can do with your characters. Like using the wizard to hit your friend with a box and what not. This game is not just simple puzzles, it's also a lot of freedom."
,Recommended,319910,15491953,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ahboouz,is good men but multi playa hef sam bags men liek no sound or corsor dis apearing but is dank an no cancer here baus
76561197972565997,Recommended,319910,15564821,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Maer,"I'm reviewing this after going through the all the available levels (2 chapters and 2 challenges) twice.So much potential! I'm amazed that so early into early access everything already works acceptably well. I really loved Zoya's rope mechanics.Going 3D is the biggest change and it kept me suspicious until I got to try it. I was especially worried how the introduced complexity will work with my inexperienced friends. I'm confident to say that Frozenbyte did wonderful work. The puzzles are deeper and the platforming works most of the time, but I had to admit I had my perspective challenged moments. Luckily death is never such a big deal in Trine games. It's really fun to explore all hidden secrets in a level and the attention to detail is staggering. Hopefully the high standards in level design are kept all the way to the final release.Some complaints so far:- Falling through walls happens quite often when jumping in tight places.- If you're playing the same character with your buddy they should have different colors.- Characters get lost outside of view too much. Teleporting more often or zooming out could work."
,Recommended,319910,15498756,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tankcommander,"Despite the fact it is early access, the same level of care that made the first two games in the Trine series so excellent is evident here. They've expanded the series into 3D, and overall continued to improve on something I thought was already perfected. Don't buy now if you don't want to deal with minor bugs, but if you just can't wait or want to help smooth out issues it is a no brainer!"
76561198140176891,Recommended,319910,15511011,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,pingsterpingster,Trine 2 blew me away with the best use of 3D ever. 3D no longer a gimmic but enhancing the gameplay.I watched the trailers for Trine 3 and the gameplay looked boring. Now that ive played it in 3D it makes sense... its simply amazing. The 3D greatly enhances the gameplay. Cant wait to play more!
76561198013835531,Recommended,319910,23745779,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,badger_HUNTER,Fun local co-op.
76561198037232378,Not Recommended,319910,18956041,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Finuvar,"Wait for a complete story edition if you're going to buy this, and then for some discount."
76561198039553020,Not Recommended,319910,20309233,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Major Awesome (Qc),Thrine 1-2 was better.
76561198054473928,Recommended,319910,20385761,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,PlantedSeven,The great out-of-the-box Stereoscopic 3D support is something which makes this game standing out from many others.I think it is the best of all three episodes.
,Not Recommended,319910,31069926,Posted: 10 April,all,Developer :D,"I don't know if I have a right to write this review because I've only played 12 minutes, but here is what I think:Graphics are quite amazing, the parkour is great, the puzzles are fun BUTNot for older folks. This game is great for the younger ones and gets quite boring REALLY fast.I don't want to be TOO negative, but this game is a little fun but not worth money. Buy this game on sale."
76561197990107032,Recommended,319910,18311040,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lisa Mockingbird,I really enjoyed playing this - they kept all the charm and beauty of the first two 2-d trines.  I marveled at some of the levels.  Considering how many $20 games I have gotten that I finished in 2 hours or less - this took 10 hours in co-op I feel well worth $2 per hour. I even found the music pleasant and I nearly always mute music in games.   I hope they do make  a sequel but even if they don't - this was fun.
76561198094481353,Recommended,319910,23790210,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wawrip,This is... Strange... Just strange...
76561198128986568,Recommended,319910,24820980,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RUDE100,"good game to relax , whort a buy ? YES ."
76561198047240777,Recommended,319910,18554848,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Nameless Avatar,"Great game. It ends on a cliffhanger because the developer ran out of money, but it's still a gorgeous 3D platformer."
,Recommended,319910,24606008,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Alex™,"I still find this game as fun as Trine 1 & 2, even though they removed abilities tree. So what? it doesn't matter, it doesn't affect the great adventure Trine games gives you, they made amazing changes with 3D in it instead of only 2DI see people don't recommend this game due to the fact that they don't like changes.. It takes alittle time to get used to the 3D if you played Trine 1 and 2 before. The game has an amazing story, but as others say, it ends too soon.. Now thanks to all of the haters who loved trine 1 and 2 there probably wont be a Trine 4 in the future, which i think is really sad! Yes, it has some bugs and all, but what game doesn't have bugs? It doesn't affect the game atall. I see reviews where they say you have to collect all ""Trineangels"" to unlock all chapters, which is not true.But all in all, its an amazing adventure, no matter if they removed the Abilites tree and made it 3D, its still one of a kind game which i think is amazing! I hope there will be a Trine 4, but it seems not to.Buy this game if you like theese type of games, you won't regret it atall!10/10!"
76561198095692475,Recommended,319910,33247979,Posted: 4 July,all,malant,Just beautiful!!!
76561198010503303,Not Recommended,319910,19060631,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Gravolez,One of the most buggy games I've played in a long time. It has so many glitches that it's impossible to play in multiplayer smoothly. The first boss was frozen except if you are the host. Enemies jump around because of lag. Very very disappointing. The 3d level design is also terrible. The game's graphics and design and controls are not well designed to handle the 3rd dimension in the game. YOu have static cameras and it's not always visible where are you and what you have around you. As a whole - stay away from this game. Considering the very good first and second trine I am really really disappointed in the 3rd one. I expected more especially considering the price of the game.
,Recommended,319910,22163774,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Offlane Only,"Игра не плоха, но очень уж коротка, на вечерок в компании пройти будет нормально. Крайне не советую покупать её за полную стоимость- денег будет жалко, если же купили на распродаже, врядли опечалитесь. 6 из 10, хотя можно накинуть ещё бал за картинку, но не буду."
76561198045160911,Recommended,319910,30267459,Posted: 1 March,all,Frank Garrett aka Duncan,"All in all, the game was enjoyable. However, one downside is the ending, while another downside is the fact that you have to collect a certain amount of triangles to unlock the next chapters.On the forums the main conclusion seems to be regarding the unfulfilled potential of this game, to which I agree, but I still enjoyed the game. As a fan of this series, I hope they will make the sequel."
76561198075673573,Not Recommended,319910,23886318,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power 2.5/5. Not good. Not terrible but not good either. Worse than mediocre. Almost bad.It's too bad but the third installment of the Trine series is a terrible letdown. It is a short game and features two key design decisions which were essentially bad ideas to begin with; The incorporation of 3 dimensional movement into the game and the requirement that you must collect a certain number of items (gold triangles or trine-angles) to unlock the next level. Simply making your way through an area isn't good enough anymore. These combine to make the game needlessly frustrating and needlessly repetitious and these critical flaws overwhelm what could have been a fun, though fairly short, third-person adventure-puzzle game experience.Good things:+The graphics of this game are very good (but are not as beautiful as the graphics in Trine 2, amazingly enough, despite the higher system requirements of this game).+The Voice acting is good.+The sound effects are good and crisp and clear.Mediocre things:+/-The puzzles are more simple in Trine 3 than the puzzles we have already been exposed to in Trine 1 and Trine 2.+/-The game is short (but I found myself wanting the game to be over because of the frustrating 3D elements of this game)+/-The music was largely mediocre. It fit the environments well but was also fairly forgettable.Bad Things:-The story ends with yet another classic stupid cliff-hanger computer game ending which pretty much advertises the idea of a Trine 4. Due to it's brevity, the game feels unfinished somehow. The story certainly isn't finished.-The between-stage game-board idea is an interesting concept but needing to gather trine-angles to unlock the next level results in needless repetition of levels and a frustrating and sometimes grinding experience which actually had me, in a way, glad that they game was so short.-The new 3D movement elements result in frustrating controls and imprecise jumps which often lead to your characters' deaths. The jumping mechanices remind me of those found in Supermario 64, except unlike in that game, in Trine 3 you cannot change the angle of the camera. As a result, trying to judge how far away another ledge is without the benefit of having any depth perception (since the game is on a flat computer monitor screen) is a very hit and miss, imprecise experience. To make matters worse, gathering enough Trine-angles to open up the latter and ending stages of the game requires you to gather these Trine-angles by solving exactly these kind of 3D jumping puzzles. It seems odd to say so in this day and age but this would have been a better game had it been in 2D (like in Trine 2) instead of 3D,-The game tries to spice up the pretty environments by having a whole large area devoted to running around inside the pages of a dusty book but the result is a large level in the middle of an otherwise fairly pretty game that is extremely ugly.-As usual for this series, this game features a lack of choice. You cannot make decisions which would change the plot or the game's ending or what levels you do or do not get to play."
76561197986479286,Not Recommended,319910,26175734,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,tomizechsterson,"No online multiplayer, unlike Trine 1 and 2. Difficult to recommend when I'm pretty sure the majority of multiplayer happens online."
,Not Recommended,319910,21243466,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Meowzor,The 3D is more painful than fun.
76561198050818594,Not Recommended,319910,26044408,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,sendtodsv,This review is probably familiar by now. Absolutely loved Trine 1 and 2. I've played Trine 3 for about 40 minutes and am uninstalling it. Horrible game play in my opinion. Awkward character movement and the beautiful graphics which made 1 and 2 so pleasant are now choppy and not nearly so rewarding. This is reminiscent of the process that the Myst games went through where the makers felt the need to continually change the gameplay rather than create new and compeliing story and/or characters. Hopefully Trine 4 (should it happen) will return to the elements that made Trine 1 and 2 so great.
,Not Recommended,319910,20738859,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ragnus Lif,"The game is great, as Trine 1 and Trine 2, but lacks content and looks like a DLC not a full gameIt's 7 Stages and 1 boss, you will get the first item of the game and ""The End""Also the game mechanics are way more easy, since no upgrade system and the game don't want you trying to much, normaly the puzzle solution is only one way so no freedom like the last gameThe Graphics and Sound are like the other games, outstandingBut since it's a unfinished product, i can't recommend"
,Recommended,319910,26077860,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kleyguerth,"This game is not a bad game, but it is an unfinished game, the game ends at the middle of the story.Compared to Trine 1 and 2, this game has easier combat and harder puzzles. Death is cheap and the puzzles aren't just ""build a pile of crates with Amadeus"", you actually have to use the other characters.This game has collectibles that are actually satisfying to collect. Some are hidden but not in a coonvoluted way and after you beat a stage, you can see on which areas of that stage you missed a collectible.I recommend this game if you buy it on a sale."
,Not Recommended,319910,29130224,Posted: 8 January,all,Lucas Costa,"Horrible. Does not look like a game from the Trine trilogy, a bunch of stuff changed (for worse)."
76561198136220530,Not Recommended,319910,29077795,Posted: 6 January,all,laskov82,Controls is disgusting. Unplayable at all.
,Recommended,319910,27627951,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VitalLogic,Sexy art
,Recommended,319910,19323398,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,KIRILA,"The game have some bugs, but aren't that semnificant so I could not play it. I enjoy the game very much, as same as 1 & 2. The story and the graphics are awesome, I waiting the next part of the game."
,Not Recommended,319910,19324284,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ueffel,ALso Trine 2 war wesentlich besser. dieses merkwürdige 3D nervt
76561198043669124,Not Recommended,319910,19259724,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hacsaw,broken
,Not Recommended,319910,21608965,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kuna,"I'am Trine fan, but i can't recomended Trine 3 to anyone because it's too short."
76561198070191706,Not Recommended,319910,18223078,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,chocolatemilkshakes,"This WOULD be a great game except for a few little things. The game is beautiful... BUT you are quickly placed into areas that are dark and boring and don't add anything to the game. Then there is the problem of unlocking levels. You have to repeat previous levels over and over again to unlock the next levels and that doesn't work with a game like trine when it is 3D. The perspective is too variable so you never know where you are making it very easy to fall off which can be incredibly annoying on the side missions where a death is an instant restart. The next problem is the general spaztic nature of the game at times. If there is a ledge you need to climb, 9 times out of 10 as amadeus you can skip a puzzle and spam jump at the wall until the hitbox bugs out or you find a ledge and this defeats the entire point of a platform puzzle game.All in all, around 4/10 a disappointing game that had so much potential."
76561198113408995,Recommended,319910,18965672,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Fyreh,Ok so The reveiws are Really bad on This game But let me tell you as a trine 2 fan and also 3 Its a good game I mean i agree its really short But on the other side ITS FRICKING 3D my first thaughts were Wow this is gona be awesome 2nd thaughts wait its 3d? 3rd thaught Wow this is gona be HARD AS HECK to controll and i was wrong its smooth
76561198130902003,Not Recommended,319910,17825013,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,amarcini421,"I was a fan of Trine 2, and a huge fan of the orginal Trine.  Ill keep this brief, but in short, this installment while wrapped in a pretty package is a certain step back in the series.  They stripped away a lot of the rpg elements in trine 2 from trine 1, and now did away with them altoegether in trine 3.  In fact, the game is dumb downed as a whole, which seems to be the case with sequels these days once a game gets a steady following.  No upgrades or items, which makes the gameplay feel very linear when it comes to tackling a puzzle or obstacle.  The difficulty curve has been severley filed down to cater to newcomers.  The game is also stunningly SHORT.  I beat the game with 100% completion in just under 7 hours.  And its not just the time, I mean it really feels  incomplete as a lot of reviewers have pointed out.  It feels as if the devs eschewed resources from making a complete game to pure eye candy in the form of this 3D mess.  And oh what a messit is.  The game offers toward/away movement in addition to the standard left/right/up/down of a standard platformer.  The problem is the 80-90% of the time you are still viewing the game in a standard side-scrolling point of view.  What happens, and CONSTANTLY happens,is that you are incapable in determining whether or not you are properly lined to make a jump, bounce off a wall, land on an enemy etc.  ...In other words cheap deaths,  A LOT of them, which gamers love right?  And  this makes Amadeus's box stackking, his main skill btw, and unimaginable nightmare.  its no wonder they opted to give him now just one box to conjure, as oppose to the many in past trines.  It's like some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the dev/pub team decided the next step for this series should be 3D, becasue why not, all games are in 3D now right???  And all the extra time and resources they put into this 3D mess undoubtedly forced gameplay and length to be afterthoughts.  if you can get past the 3D issue, the game still can play and feel like a solid platformer like past trines have.  Some puzzles are interesting, the graphics top notch, good music, optimization etc..  There was just a missed oppurtunity here.  The past trines were beloved gems, and the team on this one it feels simply sought to cash in on this dissapointing third installment.Want a decent modern platformer/puzzler?  check out past Trines or Ori and the Blind Forest."
76561197979474337,Not Recommended,319910,17845455,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cuberus,"Let me start out by saying I'm very sad about how this series is continued.Upside:GraphicsIt's TRINEnew skill for ZoyaAmadeus is actually not that rubbish in combat anymoreDownsides:ControllsNo skill treeThat trine feeling doesn't come upNow to the serious spoiler. ATTENTION... this ruined the game for me more than I thought:If you're playing with Pontius: Go to a wall and press W, D and jump repetively to get up any wall pretty much. If you're playing with Amadeus then cast a box, jump on it, jump and pull that box upwards and slam it against Amadeus's feet. All vertical problems solved.This was originally posted by another reviewer but I can't find him to give him credits for that, sorry lad.Zoya only has the ability to shoot normal arrows now. In addition she can tie ropes to certain object and solve puzzles that way, which is great and alot of fun.Amadeus can only summon ONE crate. But he can also smack down that one crate to stomp enemies. He isn't as rubbish in combat anymore, which is great on one hand, but it has never been than way in the past.Pontius has his charge, shieldkite and a new stomp feature aswell. I don't find the stomp skill very useful, maybe that's just me though.All of this is unlocked from the beginning, no skill tree. That might possibly be the biggest downside for me because I love skilltrees and unlocking things and all that.The game isn't as linear as it was before, hence the 3D. But I feel that sometimes the game just makes it too difficult to make out what to do next.The graphics are still beautiful, it's very nice to look at. And the mechanics of ropeswings and running through that 3D world 3rd person makes is very enjoyable.Question: Do I regret that I bought the game? No I don't. Why is that you might ask yourself... It's because I love the Trine series and I want it to continue, in a better way of course. I would've bought anyway to support the dev's and I hope there will be a good Trine 4, which is unlikely, atleast I feel it is unlikely. The feeling I had when I played this game was the same feeling I had when I heard that Breaking Bad, House M.D. and Californication ended.I saw a post by the dev's that they have miscalculated. I kind of understand why they published the game anyway, but I feel somewhat played. Also I feel, after talking to someone that is deep into PR, that there was no PR. People were surprised that this game came out, even fans of the series didn't know. Get your PR right please.I'd love to tell everyone to buy this game, but I just simply can't. By a gamer for gamers review...... Don't buy this game. And that I have to say that makes me sad, it really does.TLDR:Don't buy this game. Buy Trine 1 and 2 instead."
76561197960390773,Not Recommended,319910,17852151,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sido,"6 hours to finish it, 20 € ? not worth it. disapointed to see the end credits that early...."
,Not Recommended,319910,17934163,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jaykul,"I'm really torn about answering ""NO"" to the question of whether I'd recommend this game, but honestly, it's barely a third of the game, and frankly, the new 3D was more frustrating than enthralling.When playing local-CoOp, the camera feels like another enemy, lending much frustration to an otherwise beautiful game, ans you find yourself shouting at your ""cooperators"" to come back because you can't see to get up, or get down, or avoid falling into fire, or even just make it through a narrow doorway.Of course, the game is still beautiful, and still sort-of the Trine we love (although we're left wishing we could make planks, or that Ammadeus could hold things aloft while Zoya swings from them, or at least wouldn't just drop things the second anyone touches them, and we miss having a hammer, and ice and fire effects ...) so we could have forgiven the stupid camera angles, and ocassionally frustrating 3D, but to get 1/3 of the way through a game and have the characters say: OK, let's go get the other two pieces ... and then have the credits roll? THAT, My Friends, is unforgivable.Maybe if the game was called ""Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power, Part 1"" ..."
,Not Recommended,319910,17747245,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,krispyclean,This game is ridiculously short and feels more like a DLC than full fledged $20 game. Developer goofed and they know it.
,Not Recommended,319910,17684513,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,BrandonZ9889,"I loved Trine 1 and 2, but Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power really disappointed me on some levels. While the 3D, level design, voice acting, and soundtrack are top notch, the overall game is just the opposite, a very lackluster finish. The game is ridiculously short, and it drops an enormous cliffhanger ending that is unlike other cliffhangers that are suspenseful, this one just made me angry. It stops directly when you feel like you're about to gain momentum and kick off the story, I felt like the map would extend and then we would continue our journey with finding the other parts of the story, but no, I was greeted with a credits screen...? It frustrated me to say the least. I love the Trine games, don't get me wrong at all, but this one just kind of dropped the ball. I understand they ran out of money, but an uncompleted game is never a winner."
76561198036504555,Not Recommended,319910,17686522,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gaylord Ravenal,Half of game and also pretty broken.
76561197982822450,Not Recommended,319910,17694041,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,paul.houpt,"I love the Trine games however I cant recomend this one, particularly at full price. Less than 8  hours of game play after doing all side missions and getting every achievement! Also it is very simple compared to Trine 2 both in terms of the puzzles, lack of RPG elements, etc..."
76561198262824740,Recommended,319910,19367797,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gaofeng_nju,"UPDATEI do open the game after like five minutes waiting then it turns out to be such an amazing play!PLZ fix the time waiting for open then this is perfect!`````````I just cant start this game with my mid-2014 mbp with 8g ram. It definitely fulfills the requirement but I have no idea why it doesnt work. Always white screen, so I'm not sure if this is a good one... :("
,Not Recommended,319910,19046121,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,gravidy,Huge dissapointment after the great fun of Trine 2.  Most of the 'puzzles' are simply try-and-die scenarios until you get lucky.
,Not Recommended,319910,19092075,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,FOX,"I don't really know what to say, guys.I love the Trine series, but this game is a mistake, i think.I like the new gameplay in 3D, i dont care about skill trees like everyone here, but freaking gross Netcode and bugs.. Bugs everywhere. Sometimes I needed to reconnect to my friend just cuz of bug with opening\closing some doors.The story.Okay, its fine, but where's freaking ending? There's no ending here at all, I see something like ""GUYS CMON, WE GONNA RELEASE FEW DLCS SOON TO TELL YOU A STORY, GO BUY IT!"".I'm sorry, Trine. I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,319910,18950646,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,B3NJ0007,This game is so beautiful! I agree this game don't have much challenge as others. But 3D in this type of environment will blow your mind!I didn't have any problem or return to desktop after playing on ultra mode...
,Recommended,319910,19280741,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,PolyMesh,"I think this game is absolutely amazing. Yes, it is a bit different from the first 2 in the series, but I would equate it to the difference between Mario 2D and Mario 3D. Both are great and I will continue to buy both as they come out.It was shorter than expected, but seriously there is enough awesomeness there that it is totally worth the price. I played co-op with my kids and I can't say enough about the joy we experienced on our adventure together. We want more! My sons keep asking for Trine 4."
,Not Recommended,319910,19109227,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Baberaham Lincoln,"Fun game but too short for it's price. I wish the developers had just made a more detailed/longer version of Trine 2.If it goes on sale for >$10 then I'd say pick it up, otherwise I dont feel the game was worth its full price since it's unfinished and the developers dont have any plans to finish it."
,Recommended,319910,30740942,Posted: 25 March,all,Anunnaki,"What to say , its fine if you like adventure (not full price because game is not finished ) i get a game for 3 ,84 € . Bold move. I respect decision to go with 3D and try something new. Game have nice music and ok gameplay (can be annoying in some aspects)... For me Trine 1 is the masterpice i can recommended only on sale (beter go play trine 1 and 2 :P)..."
,Recommended,319910,30673269,Posted: 22 March,all,nPx,"This game is flawless, the only bad part is not the 3d concept, like most of the reviews are saying, is the fact that the game could have a better ending. Hope to see a DLC one day."
,Recommended,319910,24259987,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,K4T777,"it is a lovely, challenging game :)"
76561198081566405,Recommended,319910,24269451,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AlexSeby,"It's a well made game, with beautiful landscapes."
,Not Recommended,319910,24307445,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Silvester,"Trine 3 is a 2.5D platforming / puzzle game and it is the sequel to the Trine and Trine 2.The graphic, sound, and gameplay are good but the story is incomplete.If you haven't play Trine before, I would recommend play Trine 1 or 2. If you are Trine friend, buy this sequel in deep deep deep discount or waiting for bundle.I will recommend this sequel after Frozenbyte complete the story (without further payment)"
76561198138849345,Recommended,319910,24213508,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Luluzu99,loved every single moment of it <3
76561198049628385,Not Recommended,319910,23828064,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GubiJDR,"Game was fussy, crached and made co-op play difficult even on end hardware PCs. Would not recommend."
,Recommended,319910,21950256,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ränn1koŅen,jUST EPİC! i wait trine 4 ... AMAZING
76561198325451627,Recommended,319910,30650785,Posted: 21 March,all,lindygb,"This game is just stunning!  I cannot believe people say it is too short, it's NOT.  Look at the price you are paying! It is really cheap.  I cannot find a game with better graphics, believable characters and really interesting puzzles. I love all the Trine games.  Don't hesistate, buy them ALL! Prepare for hours of entertainment. Trine ROCKS!"
76561198010986579,Not Recommended,319910,20449710,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Madcookie,"Like the 2 and 1 its a nice and fun game, however the story is online 6h long and has a cliffhanger. For 21€ is by far to much. Better is it bought in a packet when its on sale.3D is nice but sometimes harder to play with it"
,Not Recommended,319910,17746797,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dooces,"About the same budget and length of Scary Movie 17, but without the replay value.Could have been great, but as it sits, its a $20 diablo 3 beta."
,Not Recommended,319910,17921238,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,abcPIPPO,"This is the first game in the series I played, and I played it with some friends who played and loved Trine 2.Personally I love the design, the gameplay and the 3D thing (although a lot of fans dislike it, but I actually enjoyed it).However there are 2 things for which this game shouldn't be priced this much:- Bugs and glitches: Seriously, I would be ashamed to release a game this bugged. It looks like it didn't go through a beta-testing phase. Bridges getting stuck, boxes or stones disappearing, falling through the floor and dying...These bugs don't really ruin the game that badly tho, and sometimes they are even fun, but what really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was...- Length and ending: I won't spoil the ending, also because...IT'S NOT THERE! The game is not finished, it has no ending: what was supposed to be a cliffhanger is not an ending at all, we have no way to see how the main characters will complete their quest, if they even manage to do so that is. We actually beat the game in less than 4 hours, hanging around and wasting a lot of time. I suppose a normal player would be able to finish this easily within 3.5 hrs. I don't mind a game being this short, but I would never ever pay 20+ € for merely 4 hrs of gameplay.TL:DR The game is fun as long as it lasts, but ends too fast, without a real ending and is so buggy overall that looks like an indie game."
,Not Recommended,319910,17934827,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Joey Wheeler,"This game really isnt on the same level as the first two games, not even close.First of all it shouldn't have even been released yet, im probably half way through the game and I cant even count the game breaking bugs that my friends and I have ran into on one hand.From players never spawning into a new level when its started, to characters not being animated, objects required to complete a puzzle never spawning in the level until reloading the game, spawning invisible enemies etc.In the first two games I was literally blown away by the beautiful scenery many times over, but this hasn't happened once yet in this game.The third degree of movement actually makes the game much worse, moving your character around is very awkward, you often die when jumping to platforms because you're character didnt line up correctly as you have no sense of depth, the same problem arises when fighting enemies as Pontius, you try to attack with your sword but then realise you are in front or behind the enemy and are swinging at the air.The puzzles in this game are very often annoying and take an extremely long time to solve, in the first two games when we got stuck on puzzles for a long time we would often find the solution and have a reaction thinking ""wow that's awesome, can't believe we didn't think of that"" (think, moving water around to make plants grow, placing wizard boxes onto spike pits in the walls to make floating platforms)I love the Trine series and I am very upset this game has turned out to be a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥- I didn't even have the patience to finish it thats how much I hate it.I'm begging the developers to just scrap this game completely, please dont waste your time making dlc for this game - I BEG OF YOU PLEASE, just move on, forget this game ever existed and start working on another 2D trine game.That's what you are known for and its what you do well."
,Not Recommended,319910,17939372,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,parmersan,"This game took an uneeded step forward with the 3D mechanics, and the developers decided to take away from the story (left it incomplete), remove the skill trees, and we are told that none of this will come in the future. If you like Trine 1 & 2 do NOT buy this game. It's a completely different game."
,Not Recommended,319910,17962709,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Zaperon0,"Terrible. They took the skill system away, which as a gamer and not a self professed art critique made the game a perfect example of buyers remorse. Played the first level, realised the depth wasn't there anymore and realised I'd wasted my money."
76561197974138574,Not Recommended,319910,21677872,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,bibbis,"Even going in knowing how different this game is to the 2 previous ones, and that I need a very open mind, I can't enjoy it :/"
76561197970990331,Recommended,319910,15561334,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,fozerl,"Beautifull game, perfect level design. I enjoy every minute."
76561198047758139,Recommended,319910,15490641,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,mit,"It is really beautiful, but I would exchange it for a good old 2D version. This is just meh. Especially disappointed with zoya's rope (totally limited) and I am better not talking about moving boxes as amadeus...wake up Frozenbyte, like, really???"
76561198085520223,Recommended,319910,15535899,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,kwolf5552,"There's potential for a good game here. Based on the few hours I played in the single player, I feel like it is a better co-op game as jumping between the characters wasn't the easiest.. Suggested improvements: a better targeting system for the thief and the knight when attacking. The game seemed jumpy especially when moving a character. The wizard and knight character seem unnecessary. I completed the first two levels with the thief. Giving the wizard some sort of attacking ability is good. Maybe he has one and I didn't find it however."
,Recommended,319910,15592080,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wraith,"I wasn't going to write this review just yet as this game hasn't been officially released and is currently only available on early access for a short time which also includes a bonus 10% off the price. Having grown up in the 80's where platform games were the norm and the birth of the first person shooter was a blocky pipe dream akin to the Windows 95 3D screen saver, anyway I'm still extremely fond of platformers and they hold a somewhat sentimental value to me, now I've been a fan of the previous 2 games in the Trine series and played them to death. I viewed a small youtube clip of Trine 3 a few months ago of a very much work in progress beta showing the opening level and my jaw just dropped, I was excited it was a continuation of the prequels and nothing seemed out of place.. but then something changed! a third dimension seemed to appear and the player was being moved into the distance, my mind then wanders and I start thinking ""well that's the end of that then, if it ain't broke, why?? it's a platformer that was what made it so appealing, why change the format"", should I have been worried.. Lets see.Firstly it is still Trine the same 3 main characters our heroes, Amadeus the Wizard, Pontius the Knight and Zoya the Thief, each character possesses their own special skills which you will need to make your way through each level.Amadeus: His skills include the ability to summon objects including boxes and platforms he can also manipulate contraptions and certain level objects, but he's pretty much useless in a fight.Pontius: The knight outfitted with sword and shield, probably the main character you will use for hacking and slashing your way through bad guys.Zoya: She has uber dexterity armed with a bow and grapple hook.The level design is still that beautiful eye candy we're used to seeing in the previous games, but now with a more immersive and fantastic depth which is made ever more impressive when you start moving around into the now 3D environment.. see for yourself.So far so good, I've been hitting this game hard as I learned to with the first 2, collect as many collectables as possible along the way to upgrade the characters abilities reach the end and then start all over again and search each level taking the graphics and atmosphere.This game I have no doubt is going to be amazing when it is finally released, as it stands at the moment it is still fantastic I have discovered one or two glitches but nothing major.The Trine series really are fantastic chill out titles and should be in every ones Steam library, so should you purchase this game... definitely! Whether you wait for the final release or grab it early access is entirely up to you.You can also read my review over athttp://forum.overclock3d.net/showthread.php?t=70404"
,Recommended,319910,15585461,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,antpsycho,Great game so far. Beautiful graphics.I really like the 3D touch. A couple of suggestions though.1)There should be a tutorial for the controls of each character2) Camera manipulation could be nice. I fell a couple of times into a chasm because i couldn't see if there was anything underneath.
76561198087405635,Recommended,319910,15619338,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,benzus,"very good game, i play trine 1 and 2, and just trying this early access its amazing. it have some glitches, but what do you expect for a early access game. very smooth game, i love it, i give 12/10"
,Recommended,319910,15621788,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Thief Thirty-nine,"The Trine series has always captivated me. They have delivered exactly what I like in this kind of game - bright colours, satisfying combat, some fun dialogue, and not puzzles that are not too difficult because I usually play games like this to wind down and not brain too hard!Trine 3 is definitely more of the same, with the added bonus of having a new dimension to work with!There are some issues for me. Particularly the controls now do not feel quite so responsive and it is very easy to hit the wrong key when moving, climbing up ledges just seems a bit jerky, and it is easy to go in the wrong direction.Amadeus' control of objects gave me some pause too. Unless I have missed something the only way to move an object towards or away from the camera is to walk it in the appropriate direction, while you can move it left and right while standing still. Is there a control for this? (Hmm, maybe the scroll wheel like Zoya uses for controling rope length).My final criticism is some of the delivery, particularly a few lines from Victoria Kruger just sounded phoned in. I hope for better enthusiasm in the delivery later in the game.However, despite these points, I definitely recommend Trine 3. There are new abilities, like Zoya being able to tie objects and pull them and fasten them to other objects. Amadeus' box creation has been simplified by having a single hotkey rather than trying to create boxes while being attacked. But the best (so far) was when I first saw Pontius grab an enemy in mid jump and slam them down on their head! The Boss battle (I have played to just past the first boss) was fun and having the extra dimension did made the fight feel much more dynamic.Cons:Movement controls somewhat odd (at least for me)Camera in some areasLedge grabbing could be betterSome line deliveryPros:GameplayStory (what I have seen so far interests me so I want to find out more)Colours (so damn pretty!)DialogueMovement and combat feel fluid (despite also being in the cons list I do believe the movement can only be improved and it is by no means at all broken, just in need of tweaking).Final thoughts - this is how an Early Access game should be delivered. Something with real gameplay, nearly completely functional and with few rough edges to iron out. Frozenbyte have done well here and I am really looking forward to the finished product!"
76561198150227276,Recommended,319910,15587724,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Matty B,I have always admired the Trine Series of games for their amazing visual quality and attention to detail. The colours are rich and a visual treat. The voice acting is great but the music is something to behold. I never want to stop listening to the  orchestra and the wonderful medievil music they play. Do yourself a favour and buy this game now. Its a masterpiece that you will not want to stop playing.
76561198066750515,Recommended,319910,15640728,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,smol snek,"The game seems amazing so far and the scenery... Aah, the scenery is extremely beautiful. I'm definately replaying this game just for that <3"
76561198126407240,Recommended,319910,15620880,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hawkwind,"Its a great game what little there is because its still in development, that beibg said it has fantastic potential i look forward most eagerly for new updates"
,Recommended,319910,18200880,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,VonSteuben,"The move to 3D (or 2.5 D) ate up a lot of resources on FrozenBytes side, so this game is rather short.The 3D adds some interesting puzzles & solutions, but all in all I would have prefered a longer 2D game.Unfortuantely they also skipped all RPG elements, so you cannot expand the abilities of the characters (Flamearrow, Hammer, Planks..) But nevertheless it looks stunning and it is a lot of fun.Buy this game & support FrozenByte!+ It is Trine 3 !!+ Beautiful graphics+ Still a lot of fun.-Quite short-No character developement.-3D is sometimes more a bother than an enhancement"
,Recommended,319910,18185345,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,dorimani,"Best riddle game series, worst user-experience ever!I really love the story, the puzzles, tee creative thinking and magical look and feel. Trine 2 is amazing in both UX and story, but Trine 3 really has the worst UX. Sometimes the levels difficulty is not so difficult, and the only fact that you keep trying or failing is because of the horrible UX (3d jumps which are not really 3d, combination of keys which sometimes works and sometimes not, and more...). I recommend Trine 3 only for the fans of the series. Otherwise if you a new visitor of the series, then just go on Trine 2 which is much better."
,Recommended,319910,18305709,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SpicyChai,"Despite its short legnth.... I still think it's worth the asking price. Phenomenal graphics (both lighting and intricate model work in places such as the astral academy), and great gameplay. Would recommend, a h00t with friends"
76561197967710775,Recommended,319910,18297960,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Atnas,"While it is short and apparently ends on a cliffhanger, there's no game that can instill such a feel-good moment in me as Trine.The game is one of the most beautiful, handcrafted, atmospheric games I've played and just booting up makes me feel all fuzzy inside :)I do recommend it, but if you're unsure of a purchase, I'd recommend getting Trine 2 first since it's a splendid game too."
,Recommended,319910,18189331,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jomme,"Just like the other games in the Trine series this is again one of the best looking games for nvidia 3d (or other 3d solutions). The gameplay changed a little by adding an actual 3d dimension. Trine is no longer just a beautiful sidescroller but fully allows you to explore every nook and cranny of the locations. Though this is nice and refreshing it does feel like it takes a way a little bit of the gameplay. The gameplay itself seems a little simplefied. The 'puzzles' are much more easy, and there is no levelling or skill system. This is not nessecarilly a bad thing but the previous two games definetly felt like they had more depth to it. Still I enjoyed playing it very much.The game itself is a little short, but I still played it for about 8 hours. Just like the previous installments, if you just want to go from the start to the end it is very easy and you can rush through each level in no-time. However, when you try and find the triangles or flasks or whatever items, you will need to explore a lot more of the locations and are forced to appreciate the beauty of the level design. The duration of the game can theoretically be extended indefinetly by the introduction of a community level design tool. I have yet to try this out, but I'm sure that in time there will be many beauties to be found.The story was somewhat thin and the ending was a major let down. I hate it when games don't have a proper ending. By this, I don't mean there is something bad with open endings, but if the ending basically has TO BE CONTINUED on the screen, this always feels like a copout. At least then sell it as an episodic game.TLDR I enjoyed the game, but the gameplay and story seem a little less well developped than previous installments of Trine. The game, however, is still very beautiful and fun to play."
76561197999296791,Not Recommended,319910,19090641,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,yarc,"I want my money back.Doesn't start. I've dozens of games from steam. They all work. This one comes with a Exception code 0xc000005 in nvumdshimx.dll.And yes, my bios, my graphics drivers and the lot are fresh and updated.It bought it on a recommendation from a friend.I'm blacklisting this vendor. And steam - kick them out. This is not the quality I'm used to from steam."
,Not Recommended,319910,17880918,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dharker,"I don't like to negatively review a game with quite good gameplay and very pretty graphics, but I feel I have to in this case because the game is not just short, it only has half the story included.  I bought the three pack to play co-op with my friends, and we completed the game in about 3 hours of game play. If not less.Also most of the puzzles can be solved by just one character, little teamwork is actually needed and we breezed through the game with very little communication, the few 'bosses' are deafeatable by one character really and the final boss leaves the ranger feeling a little left out and the wizard does most of the work.I thought the game was about half way through when it suddenly ended.I assume Trine 4 will continue the story since no dlc is planned, however will half the game be a tutorial for the characters again? Leaving just a few levels of actual interesting puzzles to solve.Conclusion-----------Ultimately for the price I expected more especally after the first two great games, this feels like a rushed half finished release which should still be in early access until another 4-6 levels have been added to it to complete the story before it is finally released... But it is pretty!"
76561198073455573,Recommended,319910,22810598,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,avaret41,"Good game, excellent graphics, but the game seems stop in the middle of the story. I hope the end of the story will be published soon, because the game is excellent and well-designed !"
76561198033689291,Not Recommended,319910,18357235,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,=TBW= Dobby,"Loved the previous two, this one seems rushed and unfinished. a patch was released recently which is funny since anyone that played it has completed it within hours and there is no replay value so a patch is pointless. I would however highly recomend the previous 2 trine games"
,Not Recommended,319910,18362294,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lexy,As much as i have com to love the trine games this one just sucks. Save you 21.00! They ran out of money and did not tell any one and left us with a pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play the first 2 games and end at that.
76561198027290812,Not Recommended,319910,18350163,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Just bite her,"Complete garbage.Game unfinished. 3d Element implemented with the grace of a cow ♥♥♥♥ings itself with a blender.Story is about as interesting and compelling as a post onfanfic.net.Graphics are okay, but you might as well play Trine 2Bugs on bugs on bugs on bugs.Might as well go to the store and get 20 bucks worth of chicken,You'd probably spend more time with the chicken"
76561197970680553,Recommended,319910,20942066,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,funksatron,"Probably not as long as some people would expect, but for what it is, it's very polished. Buy this game on a sale and hope that it becomes an episodic adventure. I hope it's not the last we see from this IP."
,Not Recommended,319910,32361039,Posted: 12 June,all,兔大王,quite disappointing compared with previous two.
,Recommended,319910,18894993,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,A Lowly Salamander,"Really great, wish it had some more features from Trine 2 but overall, worthy of my time and wallet. It also ended a bit earlier than I expected it to so therefore felt unfinished. However the change from 2D to 3D is great. Definitely worth buying if you played the previous entries."
,Recommended,319910,20363363,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rhox,Huge fan of the Trine series but Trine 3 was a let down compared to Trine 2.  I would still recommend this game because it was fun but it just feels like a demo version of what the game should be.
,Recommended,319910,24878930,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Toby,Not bad for 5 dollars
76561197972277589,Not Recommended,319910,27851668,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Foshu,Coop is laggy and glitchy as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,319910,20181260,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"I feel so bad to give this game a negative review but I have no choice. 3D Trine is not good. It's terrible. They should stick with 2D, really. Controlling characters are really, really weird in a 3D perspective. Apart from character controls, there are too many negative things about the game. It's extremely short and game ends in the middle of the story plus characters have no skill trees. They confirmed the new game but please, no more 3D. If it's gonna be 3D, please fix the character controls. It's just not suitable for 3D. I loved Trine and Trine 2 but Trine 3 was really bad."
,Not Recommended,319910,25116774,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Melo,"just go back to 2d style, like the first 2 games, if you are thinking about making 2 more sequels."
,Recommended,319910,22417552,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,happycarrot50,"Trine 3, another brilliant Trine game. One of the best games to play with friends and it looks absolutely beautiful. Gameplay is also great. 13/15"
,Not Recommended,319910,31153598,Posted: 15 April,all,☚\ FALL3N.ANG3L /☛,F*ck you Trineangles!
76561198029793032,Not Recommended,319910,31167556,Posted: 15 April,all,Bitterbind,"While trine 2 is amazing and always will be, trine 3 could spell the end for the trine franchise. It lacked that distinct fairy tale feel that trine 2 had. I would encourage people to play trine 1 and 2(trine 2 being the best) but I would not recommend trine 3 to people unless they have already played the first two."
76561198043771429,Not Recommended,319910,19995527,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BiggieJohn,"Great Game, Highly Enjoyed it.Buggy like no other in multiplayer.  Unfinished.  Don't get it.Ignore what people say about it ""being finished""  It's not.  Their mouths wrote a check that their bottom couldnt cash.Only get it if you are a huge trine fan and you are okay with 1/3 of the story.  You will be missing 2/3 of the game."
76561198025898462,Recommended,319910,15877559,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,fecakovacs,It is a super game like its predecessors. Still it offers a lot new stuff.
76561198040954710,Recommended,319910,15693723,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Hopeshredder,"The game is great, it feels a lot more immersive than the first two games.However, I did find a bug where as the warrior, if you wall jump then glide repetitevly against the same wall, you can ""climb"" said wall."
,Recommended,319910,15704933,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Yobi,"First off hadn't heard a thing of this and bam here it is the most amazing contiuation of one of the best side scrolling games ever, and now they super mario 64ed us and it's a whole new level of awesome! MUST BUY!"
76561198029523288,Recommended,319910,15765657,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,jl434,"Nice game, but need performance tuning"
,Recommended,319910,27303096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delda,"Most amazing game i have okayed in a while , really fun"
76561198085314454,Recommended,319910,15786875,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,kagekun001,"The game feels and looks really good so far.  i don't know why there are negative reviews. either 1. they just want to complain about the game or 2. there computer sucks and can't run the game. i mean seriously people the game is an ""Early Access"" so, yeah there will be some problems Shesh! either wait until the official release date or STFU and be apart of the solution, not the problem."
76561198004649046,Recommended,319910,15877316,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Still P.A.M.P.E.R.S.,At last. A fish stew for dinner !
76561197993247429,Recommended,319910,15683887,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Raven,fantastic series. my gf and i have played it since the first and we love it. great co-op game!
76561197969361158,Recommended,319910,15831600,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,pearce64,"If you love the previous two iterations of Trine, you will love this......"
76561198112767945,Recommended,319910,16376057,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,architectwannbe,"For an early access,it was just too short,i need moarr story..!i love the graphic and else,but the cons that i still feel lacking is the control,espescially when battling,when the battle come,i just use pontius to punch and hit,with zoya?i can use her bow but still lack the combo.how to handle them with amadeus?i really dont know.still maybe when the game release in full,there will be more tutorial to help with the 3D-gameplay.For as it is now,it is a great game,worth to try and wait."
76561197983567795,Recommended,319910,16409591,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wild Samich,"Stays quite true to the first two games, even with the added third dimension of movement. Great visuals as always."
,Recommended,319910,15749098,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jungalist,"Trine 3 (early access) is another great installment of the Trine series. The new 3D world is a very ambitious move from the developers and a move that I feel, once tweaked could make for a great game. As of the moment, I feel the movement could be worked on and the general controls for the thief and wizard don't flow as well as I would like. That said, this is still in very early access and so far, its a brilliant installment.Unless your a die hard fan, consider holding off until the full release."
76561198111084966,Recommended,319910,23673581,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sluiaard,i just finished the game and for me the story was 2 short so you must do it with the worlshop levels
,Recommended,319910,20881052,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,☭ Don Kixot ☭,"The third game in Trine series, now in 3 dimentions. The switch to 3 dimentions had mixed results: some new puzzles become available, but game became shorter and with cliffhanger ending. In addition, there are several problems with the camera. But as always, the graphincs and music are beautiful.The puzzles are interesting. In ageneral, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,319910,34390606,Posted: 21 August,all,Sokonomi,"People ♥♥♥♥♥ about the 3D aspect compared to the previous 2D ones, however I loved it.Only 2 complaints;- Mage got helle nerfed, we all fought about who's gonna be ""it"", since none of us wanted to be the gimp mage (all he does is spawn a box).- The cliffhanger ending.. And the developers abandonned Trine! Atleast stick on a conclusion DLC, guys..."
,Recommended,319910,34316589,Posted: 17 August,all,Lama051,"ProsThey nerfed thief's mobility so you actually have to use other characters when playing soloNice storylineTons of jokes againMany beautiful locationsThere are no super duper hidden experience points as in the prequels, so no need to jump from all the cliffs just to check if there is a platform or notConsCombat can get fairly boring, especially obvious in closed arena fights in side missionsThe camera sometimes uses weird angles, making some jumps unnecessarily hard to pull offWhen the story is starting to develop it is cut offOverall, I had fun playing the game, it obviously is not as magical as the first one, nor does it have as many mechanics as the second one but it still retains its great atmposphere. The biggest issue is obviously in the length of the game, when the story starts to progress and you start to get hyped for more it is cut off all of a sudden.I think I would not purchase it for the full price of 22 EUR, but great game to get while on sale or together with the remaining 2 Trines in Trineology pack."
76561198347632467,Recommended,319910,34387496,Posted: 20 August,all,eikopumpkin,"The beauty in this game is off the charts. At first I thought it would be different since the first two Trine games have only the side view. Somehow, the creators made it work perfectly with the different way of playing. It's easy to play and the gameplay evolution in the characters is well thought out.It's relieving that the characters revive easily and don't interrupt the gameplay that much. I also really enjoyed that the players could go on a hunt for every trineangle.It was great to see the amazing backgrounds, which keep getting better with every Trine game that is released. The level of detail and color is perfect and makes you want to stop to take a closer look. I completely recommend anyone to play this game. It's amazing!"
76561198080785491,Recommended,319910,17653473,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,a really cool uesrname,i loved the frist 2 this game is still fun but it could use some bug fixes so if you are a huge fan of the frist 2 the get this game if you want idk
,Recommended,319910,20244567,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ice,"Amazingly fun multiplayer puzzle game with stunning graphics.Pros:+ Easy to make servers+ Different classes+ Amazing Graphics+ Great multiplayer+ Fun puzzlesCons:- Glitches (like alot of other games)- Semi 3DSummaryEnds in a cliff hanger after about ~5 hours of play time. If you liked Trine 1 and 2, you will probably like  this one if you can stand the camera angles.Trine 4 confirmed?"
76561198081103859,Not Recommended,319910,25796039,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MikeKimPiggy,"I loved the previous Trine titles, but this one... when I finished the game it felt like, that's it?It was fun to play with friends though, but connection issues... meh"
,Recommended,319910,25682943,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ICKN | Innate Potato,The cake is a lie.
,Recommended,319910,32877019,Posted: 27 June,all,mcign,good
,Not Recommended,319910,34971436,Posted: 15 September,all,I ♥ Pankaj,broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ go play the other ones
,Recommended,319910,30842914,Posted: 30 March,all,MekNaan,Fun to play. A classic.
76561198126405043,Recommended,319910,28950226,Posted: 2 January,all,DongerZone,its nice and addictive
76561197970070744,Not Recommended,319910,21725762,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pasakinal,"Trine 1 and 2 were outstanding games, simple and fun with puzzles that make you feel accomplished once beaten in the multitude of ways they can be solved.Trine 3 in all its new 3D glory suffers from basic control and camera issues and does not play nearly as well as the previous 2 games.A good effort, but ultimatly no fun to play and the trilogy should have stayed as a pair of games."
,Recommended,319910,19438691,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,XSERCEL,"Same as always, stunning graphics and good gameplay!"
76561197970980185,Recommended,319910,19413168,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cldarwin,"It's good, very good but also really really short"
,Recommended,319910,26743067,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,주하일™,No comment is already a comment right? Lel
76561198037652895,Not Recommended,319910,18912350,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,jjh,"Too easy, too short."
,Recommended,319910,17662018,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fish-E,"Did you like Trine 1 and Trine 2? If the answer is yes then you'll like this one (even if it is shorter than the previous titles), if you didn't well then you won't like this one either, there are any major changes to the formula.People are saying that this is buggy, but I've only noticed one minor bug with Zoya's animation. It's otherwise just another classic Trine game."
,Not Recommended,319910,27877828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hopewave,"I must admit that I've quite enjoyed that game, but I'm still voting it down.I am voting the game down, because devs are dumbing it down.First Trine was a success, I beat it in 20 hours and got every achievment. It was pretty hard, interesting and new. All these skills and items...I didn't like the second Trine and never finished it, yet I've spent 16 hours in it. There was no items and level disign was disturbing, but I gave it a fair try. Several, actually.And now this. The thrid Trine is outraging. There are no skills nor items, no puzzles, no plot, no challenge. I've lost about an hour to online co-op bugs and glitches, and yet I'm already 2 maps away from beating the whole game. Amadeus only cojures a bloody box and smashes it to the ground; Zoya is unable to do anything other than shooting simple arrows and tying ropes; Pontius no longer can raise his shield upwards (and he doesn't need to), and he's lost his warhammer, apparently.It feels like the next Trine is going to be indistinguishable from Super Mario Bros."
,Recommended,319910,17888088,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,☉ DustiestCaliber ☉,"Cry babies be damned. The length of the game is just fine at $20. This game (as all Trine games so far), is extremely polished and gorgeous (especially in 3D). The music and voice acting is excellent, the levels have amazing atmoshpere, the textures and models are extremely detailed, the puzzles are clever but never too difficult and the storyline is entertaining. This is where video games and art begin to blur the lines.The game lasted me 7 hours ($3 per hour) with half the challenges to complete (short missions). It was a better experience than 90% of the games out there. I really can't stress the level of detail and atmosphere this developer puts into their games. The poor ratings are sad to see. None of them should exist.Bottom line... buy it. If you're not a total entitled snob you'll be happy with the purchase and experience with zero regrets.Trine 4 will be a day 1 purchase for me as well."
,Not Recommended,319910,25415115,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,momonga,nowhere near as good as the first two
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,319910,25274311,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Winterspark,Take all the elements that made the first two great. Add more. Ruin it.
,Recommended,319910,17820244,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Quizzle,"I have been playing this game with my girlfriend and absolutely love it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3AwVQc__qIThis full release looks beautiful. The game is very short, and it's easy to die in a lot of places. But it's a lot of fun with friends! It is NOT like the previous trines however, in that it is in 3D and has a few bugged mechanics. They are not game breaking however."
76561198030040875,Not Recommended,319910,17696831,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mariokata,I am a big trine fun but unfortunately I can not recommend trine 3. First of all the game is not finished. it has an amazing start the first level where they introduce the heroes is  awesome but soon after the third level  (astral academy) the game loses its steam and falls flat. it feels like the first levels where designed from a different group of people where after that they lost their passion and got bored. Also the level where the heroes are inside the book (the chronicles of the guardian) feels rushed because the graphics are bad and you find yourself looking at white pages with nothing interesting.prossome nice graphics and environmentsnice presentation - level selection map looks awesomenice musicconseasyno puzzlesfighting enemies is not interestingno skill treesthe chronicles of the guardian chapter feels out of place - graphics are non existent. only white bland pagesno challengesmall individual challenge chapters are unnecessarylots of bugsunfinished gamevery shortskill trees are gonethe game feels unfinished and rushedPlay Trine 2. its a much better game. This one does not live up to the trine name and legacy. I hope the developers return back to the 2d format cause with 3d they failedfinal score: 5/10
76561197999816136,Not Recommended,319910,17669941,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Fart,"Game not finished, the game end in the middle of the story... 4Hours of gameplay with every collectible for 20€ wouhou !"
76561198047532194,Not Recommended,319910,17658879,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Calculon 559,"Wait for either DLC or Trine 4 aka Trine 3 Part 2 before thinking about getting this. As it is, it's too damn short, and it's missing the XP/Upgradre system from the previous two games. They try to pad it out with side-levels where you only control one character, but they're not enough. The only good thing I can say is the 3d gameplay is a nice change once you get used to it, but that's not enough to recommend this game. Seriously, I did the final boss thinking ""Okay, maybe this is just hub world 1 or something"". NOPE! That's the end of the game. Very disappointed."
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,319910,23259768,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Music+Beautiful game+Voice cast+Uninstall-Jumping box puzzle-waste of 18 dollars-very buggy-to easy to die doing jumps-twitchy controls
76561198090472056,Recommended,319910,34125879,Posted: 9 August,all,Maherl,"Lol man stop hating seriously. Get one thing straight first; you ain't paying 70 dollars to play this game. And for the amount of cash you are paying, this game is prime.Three (3) is as good as the previous two. Beautiful as ever with the graphics, artwork and level design.Combat was never a thing in trine, so just stfu about skill tree and ball sweat. If you ever considered that trine had some sort of thrilling-difficult combat, I advise you to get your brain checked since, to me, the previous two games were on faceroll level combat-wise. Your nerve cells might have ebola and probably are damaged for life. I could say the same thing for ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who say 'having hard time cuz 3D controls are bad QQ'. Controls aren't bad, it's just your brain is inept.Puzzles are there. You still cannot collect all them shiny ♥♥♥♥♥nacks, even when you are extremely careful. The game still makes you say 'how da♥♥♥♥♥do we go up there?''The game is about 4 hours long' - No, you are just a ♥♥♥♥ing unemployed no-lifer with rash who sits in front of computer all day and also a incompetent retard who checks the FAQ before playing the game. That being said, the game really lasts about 4 hours, but I do not remember the previous games lasting any longer. 10 hours at max.Seriously, you are preventing frostbyte from whatever little cash they are earning, so stop saying crap like 'This game is disappointing', cuz it's your mother whom is disappointing for giving birth to you. It almost looks as if someone paid you to diss the game?Oh you know what, it is because you play the game single play since you don't have friends. Seriously, the co-op thing is entirely different. You are missing the real thing. I would say you have to go out and make friends to enjoy the game, but with such a sorry mug full of warts from overdrinking mountaindew, I have my doubts you can 'achieve' any friends.And the speak of bugs; I haven't encountered a single one. Knowing your♥♥♥♥♥♥for brains, you probably thought that it was a bug when you figured another easier way to clear the puzzle. I applaud you for finding an easier way, but you still have down syndrome.Don't listen to these oxygen thieves. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,319910,24799548,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MiniAwesome1,"Great puzzle/adventure game! I would recommend buying this Trine game out of the 3 currently out, but buy the second one if your computer can't handle high-intensity games. Lowering the settings won't work with this game. The game can easily be completed with all achievements, so this game isn't a challenge."
76561198035480298,Not Recommended,319910,17716458,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Pandagetsu Grim,"I can't even begin to descibe how disappointed i am in this game, after much antisipation waiting for this game i can safley say it was a massive let down.the art and music for the game are great, saddly the map design and mechanics are completely broken. All puzzles are easly solved by Pontius and Amedaous.on an important note the ending for this game is so open ended it appears to be some form of cashcow for dlc."
,Not Recommended,319910,17726148,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rhaegys,"I'm a fan of Trine since the first instalment of the series. With Trine 3 though I'm at odds, just because it's too short, I have played it in less that 7 hours.Other than that, the add of 3D to the game is very good. Nice graphics and music as always.I have thought a bit more about this game and I just decide not to recommend the game. Basically because there is no progression character-wise in the game. There is no increase of difficulty in the game... yes the last level seems more complicated than the first but if you put that level in the beginning you will be able to finish anyway.Sometimes it feels more like a demo than a whole game which is a shame because it could have been a great game!"
,Recommended,319910,33198293,Posted: 3 July,all,JSE,"This is the best game in the trilogy!  It's short and sweet, taking about 8 hours to get 100% of the achievements (for you trophy hunters out there)."
,Recommended,319910,17796623,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,unclepeyj,One of the best games I played recently. Didn't care that much about the story so I don't think having only the first half of it is a big negative.
,Recommended,319910,24910384,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Aethelia,Ignore all the negative reviews. This game is superior to Trine 1 and 2 in every way.
76561197998260175,Not Recommended,319910,17657029,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lab,"Let me start off by saying I might consider changing my vote to a tentative recommendation if the rest of the story isn't paid DLC when it's finally done.I'm not complaining that the game is too short (it is, but a short game can still be enjoyable). My main gripe is that the ""ending"" is a terrible place to leave off in this adventure. Imagine playing Ocarina of Time and the game ends after you get two-out-of-three spiritual stones. That's how I felt when I beat the last level here. I actually had to check and make sure I just didn't see the ""Early Access"" label.I didn't notice much for bugs outside the occasional 3D physics hiccup, but I'm usually lucky at avoiding that sort of thing. Note how I didn't say the game was bugfree.They didn't just streamline the characters—they gutted their skills and abilities to pretty much the bare minimum. Where is Pontius's Hammer of Satisfying Thumping Noises? There is no upgrading or equipment of any kind. What you start with is what you get for the entire game. The puzzles are incredibly simplistic too, like they're trying to make the game accessible to pre-K kids.All least it looks like a Trine game. And it's in 3D... but that's about it."
,Not Recommended,319910,30765823,Posted: 26 March,all,Toxic,This game is just really awful I was not expecting it to be this bad.
,Not Recommended,319910,17708947,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PFXJ,"Skip this one. The first two were great, but then they made the third 3d with a fixed camera."
76561198004936618,Not Recommended,319910,17678045,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,zen.seagal.jobez,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,319910,17651394,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,matticitt,"I don't think I can recommend this game - especially for fans of the previous two games. The game seems nice but unfortunately they traded fun gameplay, great controlls, graphics and character abilities for the 3D gimmick - and I just can't accept that. The mage, who used to be my favourite character, has been nerfed beyond belief. I'm spending most of the time fighting the terrible controlls rather than playing the game. The camera also, which was great in previous games, has remained unchanged which means that in 3D enviroment you're constantly dying by falling into a pit you didn't see or trying to get out of some cavern you fell into but can't get out of because your character is obstructed by a wall or something!!! That is unacceptable.This... this is bad enough, and the biggest flaw of the game by far, but unfortunately not the only one! The graphics are worse. The character redesign is terrible. The story is rather lame and feels rushed and frankensteined from other games. Not to mention the game is like 5 hours long! The stage select screen is pointless and just takes you out of the story everytime you have to choose another level.Suffice to say I'm really dissapointed by that game :/ I really wanted to love it and I'm probably going to finish the game but If you think it's as good as previous two - it's not! Do not buy it!"
,Not Recommended,319910,17651253,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Vladimir Bananas,"The 3D did not do this game any favors, especially when it comes to boxes."
76561198001329611,Not Recommended,319910,17678554,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Soul,"How can you fill a game with such huge and mighty bugs, when it is so filled up with♥♥♥♥♥♥ Part 1 and 2 were great really really great, but 3  feels like it was coded from a team of kids who just learned how to write an A as a letter ( not a grade)..................HUGE MISTAKE TO BUY IT"
,Recommended,319910,17799875,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PIXELWIFE!,"Fun game, beautiful artwork, interesting puzzles. Disappointing that some of the complexity in gameplay from the previous games was lost. Playing Zoya I missed being able to hook onto anything wood, now Zoya is limited to shooting arrows or hooking onto metal rings. Amadeus can only create a box. Just one box at a time. There's no leveling up. The game is shorter than I'd like, but that's kind of a compliment. That said, the puzzles are still fun and the accidental deaths are usually hilarious. Great game to play with 2 friends."
,Recommended,319910,17802451,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,rebawho,Fantastic
76561198083708191,Recommended,319910,17720613,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MrKaisa,"Best Trine ever. Graphic stunning, Leveldesing amazing, story more than super, variety of levels just perfect. One of the best jump and runs ever."
,Not Recommended,319910,17722633,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SiN,"No skilltree, no hardcore mode, weird camera angles, very short campaign, lack of content in general and easily cheatable puzzles make for a disappointing add to an otherwise great series.Trine 3 hardly possesses half of what its predecessors made so great. It's a shame, really, because during Early-Access I felt like this game had a lot more potential.It wouldn't be fair of me not to mention the the great visuals and voice acting. I also hope Frozenbyte will add additional content to justify the asking price. As of right now, it's better to just pick up Trine 2."
76561197976576420,Recommended,319910,17728399,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,AKA Steve UK,"You will struggle to find anyone more sceptical than I was about Frozenbyte moving the Trine series from 2D to 3D. In my opinion Trine and Trine 2 represent the absolute pinnacle of game design, gameplay and art style.I thought that logically, if you cannot improve on perfection, then any changes that you make can only detract from the quality of the game, particularly a change as drastic as adding an extra dimension.But I was utterly wrong. Frozenbyte have mastered the transition to 3D. Trine 3 is every bit as good, and pretty, and fun to play, as its predecessors.Some people have criticised Trine 3 for being too short. But I felt that it was a perfect length. It took me just over seven hours to complete the game and earn every achievement. I don’t think that’s bad value for money at the asking price, and I’d always rather a game was too short than too long.I would recommend Trine 3 as wholeheartedly as I recommend Trine and Trine 2. I hope that Trine 3 performs well for Frozenbyte and that we see more great Trine games in future.If you liked Trine and Trine 2, then you won’t regret this purchase."
76561198023144752,Not Recommended,319910,17732825,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,"Lorius, G","This is not a completed game in any sense.  It is well along and enjoyable for how much there is.  But it's only a 3-4 hour game with minimal challenge and experience.  As someone who has played both Trine 1 and 2 100%, this installation in the trilogy is in no way worth your time.  Just watch a playthrough."
76561198019887852,Recommended,319910,17730284,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,mikeymaus,Really enjoyed it. shame there isn't more but had great fun playing it
,Recommended,319910,34361793,Posted: 19 August,all,Vivumn,"After Trine 1 & 2, this has so much different style... It's weird and different but I like it. owo"
,Recommended,319910,18076011,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nessa Chu,10/10 would uninstall again
76561198125272028,Recommended,319910,17784657,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,kirstylouise,"I'm new to the Trine series and I loved this game, yes it's short and the story ends on a cliffhanger but what we do have is amazing. The puzzles and gameplay is fun and the scenery and music is really beautiful. The game can sometimes be buggy but I honestly found some of the buugy parts to be quite amusing so it wasn't annoying at all. It's a shame that Frozenbyte didn't have the money to complete this game because it would have been amazing if they did. I think someone should start a kickstarter crowd funding thing to help Frozenbyte finish this game!"
76561197992998034,Recommended,319910,18351400,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Serega_M,"Everybody wrote already that the game is too short for a price and about the ""real 3D"" engine with a FIXED camera (WTF in 2015?!). But the mistake of the developers is advertising, really, as they advertise the game as the full game and the proper sequel to Trine 2, while in reality it is just the first part of 3 part episodic game, even though developers don't want to think about it as that, but IT IS SO! The ending is so abrupt and cliffhangery, that you can't help but go to the Internet looking for release date of ""Trine 3 - Episode 2"" game :) Come on, people, be honest with your customers and advertise it like it is :)"
,Recommended,319910,34083800,Posted: 7 August,all,Shmuk,ye pre good eye
,Not Recommended,319910,17676212,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pre-Cum King,Worst Trine game. The 3D gameplay is so messy and unplayable. Can i get my money back pls?
,Recommended,319910,19549117,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sam,Gameplay: GoodGraphics: Stunning as alwaysLength: LolStory: O_oVerdict: 7/10Breakdown:-+ 10 because it's Trine!- 1 for long campaign- 1 for amazing Story- 1 for .... *to be patched in later*
,Recommended,319910,27864560,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Safdo,mn ubaa igra
,Recommended,319910,29045785,Posted: 5 January,all,Kirk Kardashian,"Like any other game, this game is not ideal. I agree with other reviewers,  3D environment makes puzzles little bit annoying, the game is short and easy, but it still good for me. Trine 3 does not deserve ""Mixed"" reviews, I think reviews should be ""Mostly Positive"" or ""Positive""."
76561198199493043,Recommended,319910,29030889,Posted: 5 January,all,HaTTriKK-iwnl,BEST game for me all time
76561198120678267,Recommended,319910,28645798,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Menta-Dog,"this game is awsome, the graphic is cool and now can play in the multiplayer with friend,this make the game very fun. i Don't know what whith another people and i don't care, but i love this game,it's the third game of series, i played in Trine 1 - 2 and i loved they too.in Trine 3 they did something strange, no so bad, i mean in the Trine 3 for me missing the ""skillis"" that can buywith the coins inside the game. actully the rating i give for this game is ....8/10why ?-no skillis - 1 point-need more coins for open the next level. - 1 point"
,Not Recommended,319910,24878564,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Rivetjester,"I love this series buuuuuuuuuuuuuut...NO! They made all the characters 1 trick ponies. The game is ridiculously short. It took under 5 hrs to beat it. I, honestly thought the game had glitched on the final battle and skipped to the credits for some reason. I was severely disappointed to find that it wasn't a glitch. I thought the 3d-ish aspect would make the series even better. I was wrong. The changes they made made the series worse. I got part of a game because they obviously gave up on making it at some point in developement and just decided to end the game barely into the story. It's almost like they wanted to screw over the fans before ending the series. I hope no one who put this game out works on any other franchises I like in the future. I don't want to find out that I only got part of a game again. Once is enough."
,Not Recommended,319910,17682513,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,FOX,"As for my part i love Trine 1 and 2.. but can not recommend Trine 3.Long story short.Positive:Awesome graphics again (except for one chapter.. boah chapter 6 looks ugly).Very nice music.3D is a new feature and brings some fresh wind into the game.Negative:Game is way too short. 4-5 hours ??? are you kidding me?Massive bugs f.e (physic bugs, bad camera (very often you don´t see where you are jumping to because of the new 3D feature)The story and the game ends, right when it was about to begin. Very bad story telling.No more skilltree (can´t choose the skills you want to use like in Trine 2).Game has been stripped down to it´s basics (too easy) for the 3D feature.Just does not feel like a Trine successor.Don´t get me wrong. Trine 3 is a nice game, but it is definite not a Successor to the awesome Trine 1 and Trine 2 games.I am just disappointed by this game.Frozenbyte admited, they had underestimated the 3D feature and there is no money left, they did not intend to create this game in it´s length (too short).So we don´t even know if the story will ever be finished.I´m not very fond of it not recommending this game, but i simply can not do it.And still no patches for this broken mess... great work devs"
76561198042612057,Not Recommended,319910,17673788,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hikiman,"I can deal with bugs, weird 3D and terrible camera angles but what I'm upset about is the absolutely poor excuse for a campaign. I finished this game in 4 hours and get almost every signle triangle. I spent 28 hours easily in Trine 2. A game this short is in no way worth $20."
76561198143483215,Not Recommended,319910,25190549,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RiseAboveit,"If you liked Trine 2, sadly don't buy this game the story is short and cutoff for a sequel and the gameplay is horrendous way worse than the previous Trines."
,Not Recommended,319910,24591330,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,jag,"This review is shorter, better and funnier than the game.Now it's already finished, much like the game.""That's not good or funny at all"", you say?There you go, just like the game.Rating: 0/10Don't buy, even if you liked the first two."
76561198052013810,Recommended,319910,17680760,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,kaunis_tero,"Short but sweet.The game has a magical atmosphere, nice visual and it is a blast to play, however it has some shortcomings.Negative: Camera works fine when progressing on a level but when you backtrack it does not work that good, you find yourself falling to certain death if you backtrack too fast. Even tho dialog is well written and acted by great voice actors, the story does not hold together, too much is left untold and the story (again) is dull. Sometimes i had trouble figuring out the depth of the level, so i ended missing a platform, obviously it is not a big deal if you play the with 3d glasses etc. I would love the game to have some invisible walls, because it is quite easy to drop from map when you are at the edge of the level, especially if you are having a hard time to figure out the depth of the level.Positive: The gameplay seems work nice, i got handle of it very fast. The world is magical and fun to explore, the exploring is in this game is very satisfying, even tho the game is linear. There is also challenge to be found, but the difficult parts were very intuitive, and i never found my stuck or blaming the game for my death in hard combat. Game got rid off the character progression, which in this case is good, you can not get stuck in a puzzle because of that. It ends up making the game more streamlined but taken the length of the game, it works good. Longer game without more gameplay variety would become boring.All in all, in comparison Trine 2 is still better, has more to give and has more variety on gameplay, and the combat vs. puzzles are much better paced. Still this is a great game if you like Trine series. If you are new to the series, i would recommend you to play Trine 2 first. If you started with this game and liked it i dare you to try the second game on the series.8/10"
,Recommended,319910,18486052,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,serageian,One of the best indie-games ever!
,Recommended,319910,18606725,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,StockDama,"I laughed so hard through this game, laughed so hard i actually cried.Not because it was a funny story with amazing gameplay, but because the bugs were so frustrating we couldnt do nothing but laugh after a while. Was either laugh or murder someone."
,Recommended,319910,18621211,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,thl,I don't know if I've played a more beautiful game.
76561197965500978,Recommended,319910,18474410,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Pagan,I loved this game. The 3D gameplay is amazing and so immersive. A must buy in my book =)
,Recommended,319910,15484848,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,gitBritt,"Great graphics, but this is still in beta. The game has crashed on me several times and it will not allow me to swim down in water."
76561198078094506,Recommended,319910,15601755,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Theo,Very fun! I really liked this game and the music was just the best! If you don't have anything to do you should really check this game out!
76561198012263891,Recommended,319910,16655157,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pibbs,Loved the previous trine and from what I've seen this game will be just as good as Trine 2 or better. If the story mode is long enough it will be my favourite co-op game.
76561198005774899,Not Recommended,319910,25226683,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,3 Laws Safe,"it's not bad, but something of its charm just didnt translate into 3D."
,Recommended,319910,15487757,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Hordelover,"AMAZING. As good as the 2nd with more detail (if that's even possible). Playing on a 3D screen makes it even that much beter and Trine 3 works perfect with 3D gaming. This is a pre-release, so I've encountered a couple of glitches and errors. Sound/Music not matching up or playing, falling out of the world and a broken puzzle, but still, this game is awesome.The people over at Frozenbyte are super talented. Sometime while playing, I stop just to look at the incredible detail and surroundings. The lighting is amazing, the animals/insects. The 3D gameplay and 3D Vision is worth this game alone. Get this game!"
,Recommended,319910,15491790,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Spaulder5,"Just like everyother Trine game, this is amazing. Introducing a new 3D mechanic really helps revitalize the game play and adds a lot of fun. Graphics are great and I can't wait to see how the game cotinues to progress. Because this game is in early access there are some touch ups to be made. I do crash when resuming my single-player game frequently. Turning off MSAA works but the few times it does load with MSAA on I still get a constant 60fps so I'm not sure what the interaction is there. On top of this the only other problem that has arose for me is the characters running animations. When they are running even at 60fps the shake around and glitch back. This just needs polishing though."
76561198008635517,Recommended,319910,15486001,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mike Litoris,This game is absolutely Fantastic ! Trine 3 is probably the best in the trilogy ..cant wait to play more and more !
,Recommended,319910,16003452,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MyNameIs42,"I tried the game, I like it but this is half of trine, the 2D games were better, I liked to use zoya and in this one no, the same for amadeus, it was fun to draw the square, please,if you're gonna make a 4, go back on 2D because it really was the soul of the game. And please give us back the real zoya who could use the grappling hook everywhere, it's really not fun the way it is right now."
,Recommended,319910,16052243,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BlearPackman46,"I love the game, the controls are kinda different and the game is really challenging, I really love the game but it can be laggy some times but the 3d graphics are amazing and I the view of everything in the game is really amazing"
76561198049421764,Not Recommended,319910,22298814,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ele_Obi,I would not buy it again. This game is way too easy and the controls can be frustrating. Plus **Small SPOILER** The End is more than disappointing.
76561198031530121,Recommended,319910,24364694,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Harlequin of Hate,It's really not as bad as the negative reviews say it is.  Buy it...it's fun just like 1 and 2 was fun.
,Recommended,319910,33991345,Posted: 3 August,all,KeineGnade,"Trine 3 completely revitalizes the trilogy. Trine was clunky, but was unique and charming with a basic skill tree and introduction to the main characters and 2D. Trine 2 used the same format, but changed up the skill tree. Trine 3 comes along and decides it wants to be 3D and now you have a full area to move around in a 3D environment making puzzles more difficult and require more thinking. The Skill Tree is gone, but the beautiful scenery, art, and music remains. The characters have some new mechanics. The Knight can now dash and push which may have been part of skill tree abilities in Trine 2. The Knight can also do a downward slam which knocks items up and destroy fragile walls. The thief can now attach thing to other things with the rope, but her grappling hook was kind of nerfed from wood to things with metal rings. The Wizard can now slam his conjured box down as a form of combat and interacting with weight oriented puzzles. The story is essentially the heroes are tired of the Trine pulling them away from their own interests and as a result they accidently destroy the Trine and release the evil that was trapped in the Trine which I assume was its power. Amadeus the wizard kept a piece of the trine though which retains some power as letting the heroes Revive still.Trine 3 revitalizes and renews the series, but I find it rather annoying that it forces you to collect a certain amoun of the collectible items. In the first games, you collected experience which was optional. It made the game easier by allowing you to collect experince and level up to recieve new skills which made puzzles easier or combat easier. However, in this game there is no point to collect the item except it literally forces you to collect a certain amount before going to the next level. WHYYY. I do not want to go out of my way to collect more. I now have to collect 450 in total which in reality is only like 25 more, but that requires me to go replay a level I played. This is an annoyance and a dumb feature in my opinion. It should be optional to collect these items, especially since my only incentive is to go to the next level.overall, still a fun game. However, you should keep the collectible to the completionists. It isn't hard to collect them it is just that, I want to experience the game quickly and move on becuase it dissinterests me compared to Trine 1 and 2. The 3D works and was actually a nice change compared to Trine 1 and 2"
,Recommended,319910,18901346,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pharaoh Zeus,great game!
,Recommended,319910,15547472,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Chivalric Panda,Write a review for Trine 3: The Artifacts of PowerPlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561197980009999,Recommended,319910,17743200,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,HighlandDeer,"Basically the same gameplay as the other Trine games, but with actual 3D platforming. Though a bit shorter in lenght."
76561198060696385,Recommended,319910,34181480,Posted: 11 August,all,EQvalbarr,"please please,     give this game VR support, i just tried it with bigscreen,   in 3d and it was amazing, i  did a big curved screen,  and it was almost like VR.you would get a lot of new customers  if you  do this honest.    game rocks."
,Recommended,319910,19859527,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NameHasBeenChanged,December 2015: I have played trine 1 and 2 long time ago and they were flawless ports to mac. This one is a really buggy port especialy the launcher. The launch needs a update ASAP on the mac. Other then that the game is wonderful I love the graphics there amazing and the game itself is really good. Unfortunaly I can only play this game on my Macbook pro because it is not compatible with my desktop for some reason ???? it just keeps crashing...Welp ended up building a PC in February of 2016. With the new skylake 6700K and a GTX 980 ti. This game runs perfect 200+ FPs on ultra and on HD resolution. Now it is obviously better ported for windows but still srsly dont make it compatible for mac when the 2000$ macs cant even handle this game at HD resolution. My macbook pro rank it at below 1FPS on ultra resolution 820X840. Like the whole computer froze... CPU BOTTLENECK and the ♥♥♥♥in max
,Recommended,319910,15654885,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Raybbo,"Weirdest game ever, got stuck on some minecraft-ish level 10/10"
,Recommended,319910,23916570,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bruh,"WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYWHY DO U LEAVE THE GAME WITH SUCH A CLIFFHANGERRI want to dislike this review just becuz of that but I cant, game just too ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.So buy at your own risk, worth it to buy only on sale~"
76561198107269404,Not Recommended,319910,29077809,Posted: 6 January,all,Ashgana,eto kakashka tak isportit' igru!full♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥sthis sucks!
,Recommended,319910,35351971,Posted: 30 September,all,V10th,its good.
,Recommended,319910,17651943,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Wormsguy,Jogo muito bom porém curto. Foi um trabalho preguiçoso das  pessoas que o construiram.
76561198030931132,Recommended,319910,17660638,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,martinkirikal,Really good but short.
76561198047561436,Not Recommended,319910,28168069,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MerlinSAW,"the content is redicoulusly small, its not worth any centthoug get trine 2 if you dont have it alreadyand dont support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ products like trine 3only read reviews if the company ever makes any new gamestrine 3 is a bad joke you pay with your money and time"
76561198065898214,Recommended,319910,22408290,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Jackamers,If this game would be a potato that would be a good potato.
76561198062565350,Recommended,319910,17645039,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Wiggy,"I played through the game with a another fellow Trine fan friend of mine yesterday. It took us just over 4 hoursPositive:Unbelievably heart-achingly gorgeous. Truly a beautiful game, even more so than the originals. I had to stop puzzling numerous times just to explore the beautiful levelsThe story telling is as whimsical as always. Beautifully done, adults and children alike will be able to enjoy itThree Dimensional levels. They have changed the mechanics of how the game works slightly. I won't go into detail, but I think they are positive changes, adds a lot more possibilities that can be done with puzzles. Slightly buggy in places, but it is a 3D physics puzzlers. Can you name me one without slight physics bugs?Negative:It is slightly short. It is only a $20 title. A lot of people have been bashing this game for it length, but I think they are just comparing it the prequels in length. Yeah, more is better, but it's not a massive negative.Difficulty. I am a bit of a trine veteran, so maybe take this with a pinch of salt. But I found the puzzles far too easy. I can think of three times where I had to actually think for a few minutes. But I guess it does make it more child friendly"
,Recommended,319910,17852422,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Safcrine,This game is so short I started masturbating at the start of it and my hand is still down there as you are reading this.6/9 would reccomend
,Recommended,319910,17461206,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,VaultHunter_JB,totally worth it:rarebutterfly:
76561197968442341,Recommended,319910,16010278,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Matt 20XD6,Was worried with it moving away from the platform genre.It manages to feel very similar and is as enjoyable as prequels.Put on hold as I'm waiting for full release.
,Not Recommended,319910,17647879,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,LOGANDABEST ESPORTS,"This game was a disapointment coming from the trine series. They removed the character progression as well and the ability to play hardcore or increase the difficulty. The game is also pretty buggy with multiplayer. When playing with friends I couldn't see the bosses moving which basically ruins one of the best parts of the game and there seemed to be general sync issues with monsters not moving smoothly.The introduction to 3d is however interesting and fun, it's too bad they removed so many fun aspects of past trine games."
,Recommended,319910,17229768,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ipkonfig,"Simply one of the most amazing game series out there. Great graphics, great performance and great FUN! Trine 2 and 3 are simply FUN for the whole family!"
,Not Recommended,319910,15567492,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kagayaki82,"As a fan of the original Trine games (especially #2), I was intruiged by the additional dimension being added to the traditionally 2d game. I have to admit I was expecting something more along the lines of Viewtiful Joe, where the 3d aspect of the game was more of a stylistic thing than actually being a 3d game.  Needless to say, I feel the third dimension has made this game less fun to play.Fighting with Pontius has become frustrating as hell. Blocking seems to be basically useless now. I can't tell where I would be blocking so it seems like the best practice is just to mash the left mouse button until the enemies are dead. Trying to use any sort of strategies like blocking attacks just seems to get me killed at this point. I liked playing Zoya because she felt nimble and quick, but she feels clumsy now. Still, I feel fighting is easier with her since at least you can keep your distance from enemies while using the arrows which auto-aim.I also lost count how many times I've died in the short time I've played simply because the camera angles are set in such a way that it's nearly impossible for me to tell whether or not it's a jump I should actually be able to make. Probably more often is when I hit space for jump and up the same time (since it still feels more like a 2d platformer than a 3d platformer) and end up jumping behind the platform I'm attempting to get onto.I suppose in the end it's the controls that are really hurting this game for me right now. The way the chracters feel very imprecise and sloppy, and the lack of camera control in a 3d game only exacerbate these control issues. There's also a feeling of vagueness while actually in the game that's offputting. I'm (obviously) not the best at puzzle action games, but games like Ori and the Blind Forest is an example of a puzzleish game done well. I feel like most of the challenge in Trine  3 has more to do with my confusion about the presentation of the game moreso than the actual challenge of the game's puzzles.I realize this game is still in development, but I feel like it's the design I'm fighting with at this point rather than bugs.This game will no doubt improve as time goes on, but my issues with the game are so foundational I don't see how incremental improvements will address them."
,Not Recommended,319910,17673795,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Oneswellguy,This Game is a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥ i spent half of the time loading and the other half stuck in a wall
76561198010860327,Recommended,319910,17684757,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,rEd2k,"You know what? I can't even complain about so called ""bugs"" all games have them, and at least we can all start this game up and play it, I've played tons of games that were supposedly AAA and they wouldn't even startup on release for crying out loud lol. Also I love the Trine series, even this one. It's even more beautiful visually and the gameplay is still fun, and the new 3D element is actually kinda cool and I don't have any issues really with it.  You still play on a 2D plane pretty much just with a little bit more depth now, and I guess that bothers some people but not me, I thought it envolopes me into the environment even further, I've always wanted to ineract with the amazing backgrounds in the original Trine 1 & 2 just because there is so much detail and now I can :)Now yes, I do have agree that this game should be LONGER just because I love the series so much I simply want more lol. I also did want that ability to upgrade my character put back in the game as well, that is really how it made gamers stick to playing the previous games more than just puzzle solving. I am so let down that the studio actually ran out of money making the game when I would have thought that all the money from the previous games made them enough to really push for this title to be a real AAA. I was prepared to pay a full $60 or more for a longer game. It wouldn't even bother me if they tried to add more later and change the story if needed and charge another $20 or what ever, I just want more.I still recommend this game and it's not as bad as every one says, I'm sure they are just dissapointed that the game is a little short when they expected it to be so long. Plus really, someone show me a game that looks this beautiful and is a COOP puzzle solving side scroller with a 3D environment that is truly fantasy based and this fun to play? Oh and the sound/music is pretty great too lol. I can't think of many other titles that go this far and this well into this category while still putting a smile on to my face and I love playing it with my friends. I hope Frostbyte can figure out some way to pull off what they did with Trine 2. It would make my day, esp since most games nowadays are really biting at the bit to be different and fun and creative, like this one game does effortlessly :)Don't be too afraid of what other people are saying, if you like Trine you will still like this game too, and it does have it's short comings but all games do. Frostbyte knows they messed up and they also charge accordingly for the game. Don't complain when it's around $20 and you get this kind of visual quality and fun out of it, and who knows maybe Frostbyte will find a way to make this better. Download this and enjoy, I did and I don't regret it, you won't either if your a true Trine fan ;)"
,Recommended,319910,34195697,Posted: 12 August,all,George,"Update : I must express disappointment in the fact that the game's story is incomplete.I still recommend the game, but I recommend buying it on a sale. Great game, but not full-price material. Unless you want to support the devs, of course. I finished the game in 5 hours and I paid 25% of the price, so I feel like I didn't overpay. Regardless, I wouldn't have paying 50% of the price to fund the devs for taking a bold but acceptable step forwards._____________This is a good game. After checking all the negative reviews, I was afraid this game would disappoint.I am disappointed. But not with the game. The game is spectacular. It is like the previous two iterations, but more interesting.I am greatly disappointed in the gaming community. They react so strongly to change."
76561198015083749,Not Recommended,319910,17647850,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,StayLifted,"Bought this game hoping for everything and more Trine 1 and 2 offered. VERY DISAPPOINTED! There is NO character progression, there is no difficulty level, there is no hardcore mode, there is little to few challenging puzzles. This was a very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game and I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the company for releasing this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Did I mention the SLEW OF MULTIPLAYER BUGS!? Characters stuck floating, the ability to skip any puzzle by wall jumping with the knight and to top it all off bosses are sometimes stuck standing stationary leaving you unable to finish them. ♥♥♥♥ this game and this company, refunded this trash and I wont buy another game from you guys."
76561198073406815,Not Recommended,319910,19676014,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"Trine 1 was a fun low lvl D&D one night campaign.Trine 2 was a glorious epic lvl D&D 4 sesssion campaign with awesome everything.Trine 3 is D&D 4.0.  *If you play, you'll know what I meanmeh/10"
,Recommended,319910,17679108,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,EzyPzyJapaneze,"First of all I hold Trine games very dear to my heart, I spent a lot of hours playing these wonderful games and I have to say Trine 3 didn't disappoint, it's longer than first trine, that's for sure, it isn't necessarily harder or more challenging but it's most definitely better than first Trine game, wheter Trine 3 is better than the second trine, that is debatable, but I would say in terms of overall presentation and art style, it beats even the second Trine game.Now enough with the comparisons, let me review this third installment of these masterfuly crafted puzzle platformer games by Frozenbyte. Trine 3 is a huge step in terms of gameplay from the first trine games, it uses the 3D environment to full extent, sometimes the camera is a bit weird, but for most of the time it works as it should be, the combat is easier this time around, there are not as many enemies as in previous trine games and for a experienced gamer it was a walk in the park, apart from some of those short challenge mission, where it was sometimes very frustrating to die right near the end of the challenge and I had to respawn at the start of the whole challenge, but some of these were quite enjoyable.The story itself is very good, just like the other trine games, it's a bit disappointing that it ends at a cliffhanger, but at least we can expect some future expansions, which excites me.Where the game excells is the overall art style, the graphics are just incredible, the music is wonderful and the narration is top notch. The game is just astounding, some of the environments and vistas are simply breathtaking. I played through the whole game, which took me over 6 hours, with my 3D glasses on using the nvidia 3D vision and I have to say I have never played such a wonderful 3D game apart from the first two trine games and recently the tomb raider from 2013.Trine 3 is a must have for every Trine fan. It's easier than the first two games, but more enjoyable, the game flows and goes by pretty quickly, so be sure to stop for a moment and enjoy the wonderfully crafted areas and pretty music. I would reccomend this game to any fan of puzzle platforming too. I played it with a mouse and keyboard combo and it played like a charm, it took more than I thought getting used to the 3D enviromental gameplay, but after 10 or so minutes I got the hang of things.Iam looking forward to any future expansions that will conclude the storyline :)9.5/10"
,Recommended,319910,26755622,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,ITS TRINE!Puzzle
76561198166650248,Recommended,319910,15509689,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Heydrith,Realy great game.Love It 10/10
,Recommended,319910,18387865,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,Beautiful grafics - real 3D - its an awesome game.Not sure yet whether its too short or not.But I enjoy playing !Edit: Finished it in 7h - it is defenetly worth the money (20 bucks) !I hope we get some DLC's though - more TRINE 3 FUN !
,Not Recommended,319910,20118709,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Daikenkini,Is very good game.
76561198037834143,Not Recommended,319910,19010946,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Chadot,bad
76561198085840280,Recommended,319910,15502490,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,AKAs1,"If you enjoyed Trine 1 or 2 in anyway, buy this game. It is really incredible. The 3D controls are super intuitive. The level design is fantastic. The graphics are gorgeous.My only complaints are due to small issues in the early release, which is not really any reason to complain at all."
,Not Recommended,319910,34665311,Posted: 1 September,all,Sir_Bertran,"Short: you can beat the ""game"" for 3 hours, 1,5 of wich you'll suffer from camera position while trying to do platformer jumps and other 1,5 misunderstanding, how could they crew everything.In the end, you'll be just insulted, that story cuts in half, and then insulted again, learning that devs have abandoned unfinished game and started to make new, after successful sells on pre-order.Long:Trine 3 is a perfect example of a live-cycle of many franchises:Trine one was very good and bring to small developers huge amount of well-deserved success.Trine 2 was amazing, superb and wonderful, quality and quantity improvement over first part. Maybe it was the moment to finish the franchise, but how you can finish something very successful with Trine as it's name without third part? And here when everything goes wrong.I believe, that  Frozenbyte (game developers) asked themselves: what should we do to create third part and to make it somehow new and different? A plan was a masterpiece: screw everything, abandon half-done projects that goes wrong, but sell it full-price like two previous great games. And it worked well, for sure.So, what are the massive changes, that broke everything?Let's start with the positive ones.-Visuals for everything, except for heroes become better.-Physics become better.-Mage now can easily hummer foes with his box.Negative ones:They tried to make 2D platformer 3D platformer, with no free camera, so you need to make jumps whe you unsure with position and fall and fall again.-They cut out moust of heroes abilities, leveling, achievements, puzzles, pretty much everything.-You can beat the game in 3 hours!-You can't play properly in coop, cause playing solo character is useless, casue game works in a way, where you can go through only via one char at the time, while two other are useless completely in game suction.The solution: never buy this game. Ever. Even in a sale, until devs are finish and polish it, that is unlikely to happen.It is just beautiful, but boring and insulting 3hours experience."
76561198191329682,Not Recommended,319910,22177211,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,gorkembaharoglu,This game is not working at mac os x. The game doesn't start to play. I want my money back!!
76561198161190499,Not Recommended,319910,19867429,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Road to 3.1 gpa,"Trine 2 is good than Trine 3, because the level is too easy and less in Trine 3"
,Recommended,319910,34971302,Posted: 15 September,all,Boy,Dis gam is SUPER POOPY HEHEHEHE
76561197984052645,Not Recommended,319910,23495624,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Savino,"I really like Trine 1 and 2! Played a lot on my PS3 and then on my Wii U a little later.This game... you see, I have 3.9 hours so far... I really can´t say I will play it more.Controls are bad, puzzles are weak, the 3D addition was a terrible idea...I just can´t recomend to anyone."
,Not Recommended,319910,28560236,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,StretchDude,3D ruined it
76561198069119017,Recommended,319910,18344489,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Kalin[linux],This game is beautiful !!!
,Recommended,319910,15532084,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mr Retro,"I just did my first playthrough in Trine 3 so I figured I would give my first impression on the game for people thinking of buying this. The game has some sexy graphics, it really blew my mind how beautiful the game is. Its bright and vibrant just like the first 2 games were, of course this being the better looking. The puzzles thus far are not too hard and there not too easy. Its a nice balance between the 2. The biggest sell for this game is the 3d and just makes the game so much better. I really enjoyed the game with what little time I played it. If you are a player of the first 2 Trine games then this is a no brainer, buy the game. If you havent played the first 2 then buy the game anyway cuz its just that awesome."
,Recommended,319910,19733212,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,_J_K_L_[ISR]_,Too ez but fun.
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,319910,19686040,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Mindnumbingly boring with broken last level, where each fail restarts game to single player from multiplayer"
76561198178426126,Recommended,319910,23422571,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,(conj [] 'sys),Funny as always. Music is good as always. Interesting little British fary tale.
76561197969425162,Recommended,319910,17648028,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,mark7,Great with 3D Vision :)
,Recommended,319910,17649578,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SunlessDark,A big improvement on the second game.The puzzles and level design are more inventive with fewer frustrating seesaws.Shame they cut out skill trees and alternative weapons.
,Recommended,319910,17646420,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Friedriech Mcswaggert ®,bestgameever:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198146702729,Recommended,319910,17501106,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Trophic,Loved it!:p
76561198052763813,Recommended,319910,25655892,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,allanbanks1,i love these games but the latest ( 3 artfacts of power) keeps giving an error message. tried to contact steam but to no avail. keeps saying it does not recognise my email address but clearly shows the correct one in my account. if a member of the team sees this will you please get in contact.
,Not Recommended,319910,17644336,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[UMCS]Cubrick,"Way inferior to Trine 2. Almost to no content, full of bugs."
76561198150705864,Not Recommended,319910,23536446,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,l3ocly,1 good 2 good 3 bad
76561198067539681,Recommended,319910,17758236,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,shrubbie,"TRINE 3 OR: THIS COULD BE THE BEGINNING OF SOMETHING GREAT!STORY: Much better told than the previous installments.More cutscenes connecting the scenarios and a good fairy-tale style adventure. Of course, because the vision for the game was bigger than the needed budget...it's obvious that the story at this point is far from over.MUSIC: Gorgeous as ever.GRAPHICS: Beautiful!! Can't wait to try out the stereoscopic 3d when the game hopefully launches on PS4 aswell.GAMEPLAY: EASIER than TRINE 1 and 2. Puzzles are easier to master. The new 3d aspects need a little bit of time to get used to but once used to it the platforming is fun as ever!  Also the boss encounters are really cool! Bit sad that the Skill Tree is gone and there are no hidden collectibles...:-(BUGS: I personally encountered just one. Elsewhere the GAME RUNS REALLY GOOD. THE OPTIMIZATION IS REALLY WELL DONE.It's sad that Frozenbyte could'nt deliver what they wanted. I think it was brave from their point of view to try something new. The ending leaves me wanting more .So overall, because it's still fun and the coop works  (TRINE 3 is a really good showcase for Coop ) I rate the game7.5/10.Thanks for reading.Give the game a chance. Try to experience it in 3d and play it with friends or family."
76561198147662060,Not Recommended,319910,30517503,Posted: 14 March,all,Alibrandr,It makes no sense how pathetic this game is compared to Trine 2. Do not throw your money away.
76561198059355000,Recommended,319910,25736148,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Poopy Butt Hole Pooerson,"Or like it's not bad aye, but the other two r better ya know."
76561197989470665,Recommended,319910,24688149,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,†DemonKing™,"In my opinion, the best trine of the 3. Music, graphics and game play all my favourite."
,Not Recommended,319910,29403448,Posted: 21 January,all,KeyCaster,it is no a good it made we ws$te 22 doll hairs and i cant play ir cause mac is 2010
,Not Recommended,319910,19725807,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,The Tofu Taker,"Garbage, do not buy. Just play more Trine 2."
,Recommended,319910,17669492,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,JOHNYFIVE,"You know the only thing that sucks about this game? THE END !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Let me just say this is certainly one of THE BEST GAMES I've played in a LOOOOOONG time.  I played it in 16 hours with my son on Co-Op mode and it provided loads of non stop fun.  for 19.99 what a bragain I wish it was 3 times as long though. I would so toally buy DLC's with the same amount of levels for say 9.99 , seriously what a great game I can't tell you how much fun this game is and wish others would try and make games more like this. Played on 2 remote controls which 1 is a PS3 remote that barely works in any games and both controllers worked right out of the box not one issue what so ever.HIGHLY reccomend this to anyone that loves art graphics and gamins in general"
,Not Recommended,319910,17640458,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MindTaker,This game is a real letdown after the previous two. It arbitrarily blocked off levels until you had collected a certain number of tokens and the change to 3d made platforming annoying.
76561198202977938,Recommended,319910,31516635,Posted: 2 May,all,Dlrow Olleh,买了很久今天才通关，非常精美的游戏，关卡设置，场景设置都很精美。没玩过1，2，所以做不了比较，但是真的是一款好游戏。
,Not Recommended,319910,17662854,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Crover C. Crewe,Seriously?do you want to sell DLC that bad you just release unfinish story?and no upgrade system too?My family love both Trine and Trine 2 but with this 3rd.....you can go**********
,Recommended,319910,20187327,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,5 ping,Don't listen to all the negative b u t t h u r t reviews. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,319910,24737000,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Elapso,"Not so good like the previous parts, but still fun.6/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p6vkcBaMps"
,Not Recommended,319910,26399735,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Machacador,"It has a ""the cake is a lie"" joke. in 2015."
76561197969673458,Not Recommended,319910,17718389,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Kungfu Panda,Crashes every 15 mintutes. Unplayable experience. Loved Trine and Trine 2 but won't recommend 3 until most of the bugs are removed.
76561198071989667,Recommended,319910,19592880,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cykaman,Segisaurus 3D mode 10/10... Would bang!
,Recommended,319910,23914072,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nachos,WOW! That is the expression I get every couple minutes playing this game.
,Not Recommended,319910,16884124,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lucky,"I'm not recommeding this gorgeous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game until they fix all the bugs. I know it's early access, but this is unforgivable because it's unplayable."
76561198161339447,Recommended,319910,15479508,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,INSERT NAME,"no sound in beginning of game. can host a private match, but my player cant join the game, just freezes on him. Tried to join a public match and got error code 262147. Excited to play just needs work"
,Not Recommended,319910,17643882,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DrDerpling,Be warned this game is not fisnished it missing 3/4 of the contents they promised of. Me and my friend fisnished it in 4 hours. its missing 3/4 of the story so i would not recommend  buying it now
,Not Recommended,319910,17718311,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jin,worst game 2015
,Not Recommended,319910,15661221,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,FlatlinerTV,game is promising! but abit to early access imo. unplayable multiplayer with 2 many bugs. Will happily recommend it when you can actually play the game.
76561198137932744,Not Recommended,319910,16849338,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DearSaintMary,"Just not for keyboard and mouse yet. If you want to die several times just because there is no comfortable camera manipulation and you don't see the whole scene at once, well, go ahead and buy."
76561198040534093,Not Recommended,319910,15699832,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Squid,(This is an early access review)Beautiful as you would expect Trine to be with the 3D mechanics unlocking new ways to solve puzzles.Only one downfall I really disliked about it knowing although it is still early devolopment I was just expectingquite a few bugs (Which as you would expect there is) however they have not released a full story to it yet.You would think they would release a story mode completed game not just a completely unfinished game.I would not reconnmend anyone to buy this game YET but when it's completed I know it will be fantastic
76561198087952801,Not Recommended,319910,16768251,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,johnny_jr1987,the game was very much unplayable i would like my refund plz every stage was very glitchy to the point where we couldnt pass the 2nd lv really annoying
76561197970285678,Recommended,319910,17656008,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Duke,First i want to appoligise for my bad english because it is not my native language!1. The Art and Sound Design in the Game are abolutly stunning like in previeus Trines!  It looks and Sounds totaly awesome!  every level has a different tone to it and looks very detailed and rich designed.2. The Gameplay is good but i would have prefered 2D like in the old trines and i had somtimes issues with the controlls and the 3D enviroment (but thats maybe because just of me) but other then some controll issues the feeling was very smooth.3: The Puzzles where good but i wished there where even more of it in the Game! i think the old games had to offer more4: Content  now thats the point i think this Game definitly does not deliver like the old trines.  There is no Skill Tree.. i was very disapointet to see that you are limited to your base abilitys and you cant get new ones or improve them!The Story does not feel complete and the Ending came very unexpected fast also the story levels where all fantastic on the otherside and there are no complains about the Quality of the levels.I disliked the fact that you need to do this chalange leveles to progress it feeld like they are in there to strech the game lenght to get a higher play time..All in all i would still recommend this Game if you like the Trine series but personaly i would prefer and hope that the Devs would go back to 2D and improve on the old Games features and continue the Saga!
76561198083818227,Not Recommended,319910,16313659,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,blue--ink,"So disappointed! I and my girlfriend were big fans of Trine 1 and 2 and I just can't understand why they have brought out something that's a strange mash of a 3D platformer and 2D side scroller. The game now has a strange feel to it like it just doesn't know what it wants to be and as a result just doesn't have the magic of the older titles.If I had never played the first games I might have even enjoyed this but all I have now is the knowledge that this will be the end of the Trine games. Either the franchise will die off as a result of people not liking the ""new"" style or the franchise will take off even more and the strange half breed Trines will be the way things will continue. Either way it's unlikely there will ever be a true Trine.I wish I'd never played this game as now the all the fond memories I have of playing the previous ones will always be tainted with the disappointment of the third incarnation."
76561197963286660,Not Recommended,319910,15603205,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Clipso™,"Trine, awesome.Trine 2, even more awesome because of the co-op.Trine 3 (Current stage), naahh.There are only a few levels, it's not a whole game. As for the ""Early Access"" part, I thought it was early access like in ""We are working on the engine/graphics"", not like ""We are done with the engine/graphics, but have no content"". Maybe I didn't read the info's closely enough, but because I enjoyed the 2 first games so much, I just bought it without any thinking actually.TL;DRNice graphics, smooth gameplay, not enough levels/content and no replay value at this point.I hope I get to change my review when there's more content added."
,Not Recommended,319910,16555486,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mwen,"They've taken the fun out. Newly released level 3 shows this is just a completely different game. Not as much co-op anymore, because you run around where-ever on these 3d environments. Have to stop what you're doing to come get your friends dead body. Just a different game -- more fiddling around and less fun."
,Not Recommended,319910,30039791,Posted: 19 February,all,Sgt.Blackwood_,"Im just gonna go ahead and say, that this is the best game I have ever played. If i was ♥♥♥♥in mentally ill, playing the game with a potato, and having two anusses for hands.The game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Trine 2 is 500.000.000.000 times better than this bag of poop.So go ahead and waste your money ;)"
76561197991465949,Recommended,319910,17630831,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Gagarin,As always amazing visuals and perfect gameplay!
76561198071884014,Not Recommended,319910,17192306,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Heisenberg,3 levels + bonus content I don't care ! Great !
,Not Recommended,319910,16624346,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jefantastico,"Incredibly glitchy game. There's only 2 levels, then it throws you into a BS sandbox area. Game is seriously not finished - it's a broken demo. Wait a year before you buy this."
76561198173986850,Not Recommended,319910,16237503,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,dixon sider,"the game will probably be good once its finished but its pretty unplayable now. i keep going back to see if its fixed but the biggest issues havent yet IMO.1) amadeus can only control objects in 2D2) zoyas rope seems to have a mind of its own as to where it gets shot3) after you let go of the rope it will sometimes stay stuck to you4) the climbing animation is extremely clunky and it almost hurts to watch5) the physics lead to objects going through eachother getting stuck on invisible walls, and just make it difficult to use zoya and amadeus.after playing trine 1 and 2 i just assumed this game would be great, so i bought it without reading the early acess warning. I gave them enough time after releasing to fix it. I feel like the game went to early acess to soon, or should have just released like a normal game once it was done. What we are given is not fair to fans of the previous games."
,Recommended,319910,17878344,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MundM,"This is only a third of a game, the story does not come to a conclusion. Do not buy it, if you want a full experience, because you won't get it, you will be confused at the end.Visuals are triple A, gameplay is fun, but a triple minus for the inconclusive ending, also, there are no skill trees anymore, so a lot of potential for fun is gone.For coop you will get your fun out of it, for single player the lack of a finished story might be annoying.As 2 players, it took us about 4,5h to finish the game while fooling around a lot.This was first a bad review, but got my fun out of it with a friend, so I got over the short, unfinished experience."
76561198017943247,Not Recommended,319910,17633099,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,black culture,"I really love Trine 1 and 2, but the whole 3D idea kinda turned me off. It's not a bad game I just personally don't like it compared to Trine 2 which is one of my top 5 favorite games ever."
,Not Recommended,319910,15622617,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Gorilla,"I loved the game, but I voted negative to draw attention to some points. As a Trine fan I can say that the game is claery not ready.The gameplay is fluid with Pontius, now he can plane and make jumps with impact as standard skills. Amadeus is lost, the old that I loved was replaced by one that summons boxes automatically and became incredibly annoying to control them. You need to have patience with Zoya, she does exactly what you do not want her to do, but I liked the innovations that came with her, like pulling boxes and doors with the rope, the automatic sighting is another thing that makes me sad. In 3D you get freedom of movement but loses the fluidity of Zoya and Amadeus! When players defeat the big monster (which was an easy battle, actually Trine 3 is extremely easy, I felt like a child playing, Trine 1 was quite hard) Zoya says she wants to return to his normal life, but her normal life is full of adventures, like Pontius! I mean, their personalities are a little lost, Amadeus should be the one with the desire to immediately return to his family, but okay, let's continue. The sountrack is just amazing (as always) as well as the innovations of art direction, expect to see deep woods and forests.The story don't need to be deep, it's so good to feel that you are inside a cliche fable for children but at the same time realize that the environment is hostile and dangerous. I would love to see old European tales adapted in the game.>>>Once again, I repeat, I love the franchise and I hope they do incredible innovations and fix my friend Amadeus. I thought the franchise was dead, but when I saw Trine 3 on Steam, I went crazy! I wish all the best for Frozenbyte!<<<"
76561198204215803,Not Recommended,319910,17096040,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,n2o_pkain,this game is to short
76561198094321628,Recommended,319910,32999575,Posted: 29 June,all,STEVEN AGEVER,i like it
76561198064716423,Not Recommended,319910,28772794,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DontLieToDyingPie,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197967012429,Recommended,319910,15480272,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,nysosym,Love the Trine series!
76561197976445839,Recommended,319910,15481855,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,McDog,Access so early you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥your textures.
,Recommended,319910,17641929,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,keysim,OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
76561198048199928,Recommended,319910,17632944,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,KEK55,"It takes a bit of time to get used to this 3d platform, but things quickly fall into place and you start to enjoy the different open areas. Big focus is still on puzzle solving and using different platforms to move forward. Graphics and soundtrack are just absolutely stellar."
,Not Recommended,319910,17554919,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Munsho^,How long is this game ? and are thay gona put out more levels ?
76561198034188930,Not Recommended,319910,17310485,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mr.Weasel,This is the worst game i have ever played in my life. i'd rather play 5 hours of ORION: Prelude than play this hunk of garbage.
,Recommended,319910,15479765,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Karma,.
,Not Recommended,319910,15510142,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,mrBOOMspazstick,"i love trine games and have played and completed the first and second one, after purchasing this game  and installing i was exited to play  but nomatter what i do no matter what setting i set the entire background and some of the foreground flickers like a crazy animie cartoon trying to give kids a seizure ive checked all system requirements and my rig is far beyond enough to run this game, im now left with an unplayable game and -£13.49 (ive also checked for any othert similar problems and possible solutions with not a single post about trine 3)"
,Not Recommended,319910,15492259,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Timoweic,"In its current state the game is 100% broken for multiplayer, the screen flashes as to give a person a seizure when they try t join a passworded game. Audio fails and doesnt work at all when in multiplayer. at random points alt-tabbing will cause the game to crash horrible and seize my computer, steam overlay doesnt even work 90% of the time."
,Recommended,319910,15477886,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,しろ子,As expected. the only thing is it makes me feel dizzy..
,Not Recommended,319910,15486974,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nikita,"Trine 3 Early Access Multiplier is really buggy..- Sound issues ~ either not working or cutting out, very annoying.- Cursor not showing up- Randomly falling of the mapBiggest issue with it for me is the 3D aspect makes this suck.."
,Recommended,319910,15477585,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,båns,Is dank♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198147558561,Recommended,319910,15477746,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fidget Spinner man,it alright
,Not Recommended,319910,15481983,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Celador,"I imagine that the thought process behind developing this game went something like this:- Hey Johan! (i assume that there is at least one person name Johan there, since the developers are from Finland) We've made two amazing and beautiful platformers with puzzles that everyone loved but i still feel that there is something missing from my life. I feel like we can do more! I feel like we should have at least one game in our series that is going to ruin everything we done previously and provoke rage and hatred, so then we could compete with EA and Ubisoft and consider ourselves real gaming studio! What do you think?- I agree completely Olaf (its probably not a Finnish name but i am not that familiar with their naming practices unfortunately). What did you have in mind?- Well i thought that we could make it 3d this time, so it would completely ruin perspective so people wouldn't understand where the game world ends and background scenery begins and constantly fall to their death's or get stuck! We would also have to make our backgrounds less beautiful and static than they were previously, because our engine and players systems won't be able to handle it in 3d!- I like the way you think Johan! Might i also suggest removing all wooden surfaces and replace them with strategically placed hoops, so the thief would play more like Lara Croft in those weird platformer spin-offs that barely anyone likes? Also lets screw with camera angles so it wouldn't follow player everywhere and make it even more frustrating to play?- Yes! Yes! Lets also remove wizard mechanics, so he wouldn't have to draw stuff and just cast it with one button! It will ruin the immersion and yet another neat feature that people loved! Also it will be much harder to place items in 3d since you would have to move them in one more axis!- And we will do everything in early access, so there would be a lot of bugs, like disappearing sounds, music and cursor, broken ragdoll animations and graphical glitches!- Huzzah!Then they hugged and celebrated, and a lot of pickled herring was consumed that day.Thus the Trine 3 was born.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Its all true though and i did like previous games. It just shows what can ****king with a good concept lead to. Because of 2d they could've used amazing, animated and almost alive backgrounds, which made it look like you were playing an interactive book or something. Now its just another 3d platformer.I've got both of those arcade Lara Croft games and i've played them a lot - its exactly like that now. In fact thief now uses her whip the same way Lara uses her zip line.It doesn't mean that the game is bad now but i am not a huge fan of changing something for the sake of change. The game did not improve and instead just lost something special in the transition. At the very least i can honestly say that backgrounds now look worse, i assume because they couldn't make them as bright, as polished and animated, since they had to make a lot more of them.Not everything is better in 3d, except:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOXStLCZrPM--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Also - i'd like to thank the developers for having a sense of humor and answering to this review and my concerns politely :)I might have been wrong about Finnish names but at least we all can agree that pickled herring in red wine sauce is amazing!"
76561198001549604,Recommended,319910,30616228,Posted: 19 March,all,Parka,"I love to play local coop on all Trine games. Great game, worthy entry of the Trine series."
76561198011975681,Not Recommended,319910,19169669,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,dkoopa,"Trine 3 its a complete disaster, movements are confusing and complicated, the game is so short, no worth it, but unfortunately i bought it, thinking that is better than trine and trine 2 big mistake...Graphics are amazingMusic amazingPoor historyPoor gameplayBugs and glitchesI hope that the developers fix the entire game and bring us a goog quality game ill buy a high price if its worth it, so please think about it."
76561198081462793,Not Recommended,319910,19162380,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sector87,"Previous games were a lot better , this one doesnt handle dinamics as the other titles did , view gets a little compicated and game lacks quality of story,plus is really short . .."
76561198097117041,Recommended,319910,19119835,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,psecto,"I was never so sad to finish a game in my life. One of the best puzzle-adventure graphical quest I have ever encountered so far. Great game, dynamic gameplay and beautifull graphics. There is nothing bad in this game. Thank you for a beautiful adventure, can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,319910,19129203,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rucia,"I actually think the $20 was worth it. Considering the effort they went through to create such gorgeous scenery, cinematics and 3D platforming (I never had problems with jumps btw), I'm only saddened by them not completing it because of financial limitations.Also, if you read their forums, they're not going to release DLCs to sell.They were literally chopped at their knees from lack of funding, but it resulted in a gorgeous game with a brilliant idea -- but it had to come to an end. I believe that even if they were able to pay for all the bills, people would still come with complaints. No game is perfect, but I'm glad Frozenbyte decided not to rip us off and at least give us an open ending to hope for more to come."
76561197996730375,Recommended,319910,19029425,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,MortenHN81,"I like Trine 3, and i like that they tried something new and i wasent a complete failure. That said Trine 3 deffiently have some flaws and are missing som essential stuff from the previously versions.I like the world and the graphics and i like that the levels switchs ""perspective"" so you use the 3D, i love the book level it looks awesome.BUT im really really missing the levelup system, i loved that from the two previous games and we need that back, and in general the game is way to short.Im abit bothered with the controls, it can be hard to jump to a platform and sometimes a bit hard to tell where our going and generally to be at the right spot, but thats a general issue for these kind of games.Overall i think this is a above avarage game, and i really hope they make a 4th one based on this engien but add some levelsystem, tingel with the controls and make the game longer!"
,Recommended,319910,19022290,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Centurion Yareyous,"As far as the gameplay, graphics, and story goes, top notch. I really enjoyed it. As far as game length goes, thats a fail. Seriously it took me 3 hours to beat the game, charging 20 dollars for that is outrageous. I would recommend the game but only if the cost is changed to under 10 dollars."
76561198001251929,Recommended,319910,18901915,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"Again the best 3D Vision game I ever play.. I can't stop saying Wow while playing. Love you Trine Team.I read lot of reports that Trine 3 fans are complaining that the game got into 3D insted of platform style, to be honest I was worried before I buy it because I always perfer platform games.I was worried that the 3D style will ruin the sharpness and details of the game since I play all Trine games in 3D Vision.But I was shocked how the game graphics still stunning, and even with 3D it's awesome in all aspects, those guys are making awesome job. Trine is still my best game in 3D Vision, and 3 even makes it better.Don't know what ppl are complaining about really.I recommend this game to all 3D Vision fans, it's still a dream fall game."
76561197968598951,Recommended,319910,18922565,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Chevy,"If you enjoyed Trine 1 & 2, why don't you have this already?Maybe you heard some things... Well those things are probably true.But it's still very good, it's worth the money, it's magical and promising.If you wanted more Trine or if you wanted 3D Trine, then this is what you wanted.Buy it. Buy it and there will be more Trine, that's what we want - isn't it?"
,Recommended,319910,18923899,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NighthawkBNE,"Ok, so I'm a mad keen fan of Trine 1 and Trine 2, was Trine 3 what I expected.... NO.  Is it a bad game?  Not necessarily.Probably the biggest fans of this game will be people who never played 1 & 2 and come with no preconcieved ideas.  The game is beautifully executed in the graphics department and fun so two big ticks there.The let downs are in the gameplay specifically the lack of ability to move the camera, massive oversight for a 3D game, and I mean MASSIVE.Other detractors are the lack of character development and loss of skills from earlier Trine games.Pluses are, it's beautiful, new ways to solve puzzles and it's a noticeably different experience.  Not going to comment on length of game because it's adequate.  I mean I completed Tomb Raider in like 15 hrs and that cost me $70 at the time.In short for me it's a solid 8/10 game.  Not brilliant but certainly good, a few tweaks such as being able to move the camera and a little more explanation on some of the abilities of the characters would have helped.Full price, probably worth it, on sale, definitely get it."
,Recommended,319910,18903223,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ste4mSyndicate,"Dont get the bad reviews!-Controlls are fine for me with 360pad. never failed something without blaming my self.-nice performance,  ( i5 4x3600, GTX960 ) all Max, 1080p3D and still 90+ FPS.-Coop is real funny!Game to short? i just think they aim on community and map Editor!"
76561198154629069,Recommended,319910,30597750,Posted: 18 March,all,kniff808,I don't get the hate for this game. My wife and I have played through the Trines and we enjoyed this one the best. Most of the puzzles are great and I really enjoyed the new mechanics they introduced. The graphics are phenomenal as always and I would definitely recommend this game.
76561198029870722,Recommended,319910,18915600,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ChillKill_Bloodbasser,"I know the game is kinda short, only a few hours, but its still great fun to play it with 2 friends.Good old Lost Vikings kinda fun, three guys with controllers on big screen and now in 3D.I know of no game that delivers that today, maybe Little Big Planet in some way."
76561198024015815,Recommended,319910,18767589,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Stextaknight,"Trine 3 is quite short, however this may be more due to the fact there is no way to increase the difficulty and therefore the players get though the game with ease.The criticism regarding the story is, unfortunately, valid. The story already in the game is quite good and fun to follow, but it ends very prematurely. Why this is I can only guess. Maybe because of limited funds or time. What should have been the transition between ""chapters"", is now the end of the game.Though I do not agree with the criticism regarding the removed features such as the different skills from the heroes. The 3D aspect of the game, more than makes up for this. The 3D made the navigation through the world much more fun, and the boss fights, though few, were very interesting.I do no think it is worth its full price as it is way to short, but I would recommend buying this game during a sale, as playing it for a few hours with friends was still very fun."
,Not Recommended,319910,18904049,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tulock,"AnneNymus's review very accurate not gonna waste time right one. Its just buggy, rushed, and not at all like 1 or 2."
76561198008984332,Recommended,319910,18998178,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,onurv,"After reading some reviews on Steam I was expecting a buggy, hard to control disaster. But that is not the case, at least at the time of my review. They are generally right though.+ Graphics are more beautiful than ever+ Soundtrack is good+ Side chapters where you play as a single one of the trio are fun. The only challenging parts, not much though...+ Some new mechanics (e.g. Zoya's rope can be used to attach two objects)+/- They handled the change from 2D to 3D well enough. Controls need some polish. I died many times mistaking that the floor was beneath me or that the ledge was in front etc. but that happened with every 3D platformer I played (e.g. Lego games), so no hard feelings. But why they felt the need and tried to fix something not even remotely broken is beyond me.- Game ends but story doesn't. Not an open ending, just cut in half...- Game is too short: I finished every main and side chapter in 5h- No skills or character progression of any kind.- Collectibles are now in abundance and in easy places compared to first two. Since there is no charecter progression they are now used to unlock chapters. Once you are (quickly) done with that there is no reason to collect them other than achievement purposes (or maybe you just wanna).- Achievements are boring. Only two types: Finish that chapter and collect everything in that chapter- ""Puzzles"" are too easy and the game generally feels dumbed down compared to first twoI loved the first two but merely enjoyed this one. My theory is they ran out of resources before they could finish what they planned. Still, it is a good game, it is worth buying (probably not at full price). I hope the next one will be better."
76561198050604777,Not Recommended,319910,18976990,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Shadow251834,"Trine 1 and 2 were fantastic games but trine 3 cannot compare. It has great graphics and love the 3D effect, but there are so many bugs that literally break the game. My friends and I spent hours just trying to get online multiplayer to work since the audio would always cut out once we all connected.  Once we got into the game it wasn't very impressive since you could break the game with about every character.  Do not buy! buy either trine 1 and 2 those are great and fun to play!"
76561197997966155,Recommended,319910,19030704,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,"Trine 1 was a great indie title that not many people knew about.  Trine 2 took that formula and upped it several levels to nothing short of mindblowing.    Trine 3 has taken that formula and changed it from a side scroller to full 3D.   The Trine series is one of the best in gaming and Trine 3 is no exception.    Some trade offs have been made, i.e. not as many skills and the gameplay is not as ""tight"" as it was in Trine2 (which brought gaming to a whole new level in terms of puzzles, platforming, combat and breathtaking graphics), but it is a neat twist bringing it into 3D."
76561198006885627,Recommended,319910,19029967,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sargeist,"This game is yet another beautiful chapter in the Trine series.  The graphics are wonderful, the gameplay is superb, and levels are amazing and the story is fun and exciting.  I love the Trine series and Trine 3 is a solid 5, controls and graphics wise it is the best Trine yet."
,Recommended,319910,19318174,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Fifthmark,"The team Frozenbyte have managed to do it again.  With Trine 3, I find myself simply staring at the scenery at times and forgetting to forge on with the level.  Calling it beautiful doesn't begin to touch the phenomenal visuals in Trine 3.   The combination of imagination and implementation within Frozenbyte are to be commended.It takes a little bit of getting use to the third dimension, but after a few minutes it's very intuitive.  The music pulls into the world and you make your way through this fairytale dreamscape.  10 out of 10 in all things, Frozenbyte.  I know some people have complained about the length of the game, but I'm fine with it.  Honestly, with so many games taking weeks to play and my free time becoming less and less, I'm loving that Trine 3 is more a beloved bedtime story than the next ""War and Peace.""  It's a game I can finish without forgetting how it started and I rather appreciate that from time to time.I do hope to see a Trine 4 and can't wait to see what Frozenbyte comes up with next!Thank you!"
,Recommended,319910,19335614,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,joinTee,"Looks nice and controlling the characters so far feels quite direct. Pontius the Knight does not feel as fat and sluggish compared to earlier titles, which makes sense given that he can use his shield for gliding in the air ;)The third dimension is a bit overwhelming for somebody who has played quite a bit of time into Trine 1 and 2 but I guess it's just a matter of getting used to it, I see it as a welcome addition.Also runs really well on Linux, just the gamepad configuration needed a bit of tweaking (inverse axis for right thumb stick on a Logitech F710)."
76561198073794284,Not Recommended,319910,19238629,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lynx of Legend,"I played trine 2 and loved it so when the franchise went on sale i bought it.  Trine 3 wasnt  worth 1/3 the $15 total cost.  the 3D aspect is awkward and just makes it hard to navigate and the camera angles only add to the problem.  It's also incredibly short, completed all chapters first run in 4.5 hours. There is no diversity throughout the map.  there are like 4-5 different enemy types and 3 are the same thing but one has a hat and the other is big."
76561197970768960,Not Recommended,319910,19464883,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,El_Padre,"I'm relieved this game is so incredible short... The glitchy 3D is counter intuitive, especially when playing amadeus. Moving boxes is a frustrating mess. The characters are stripped from any form of customization. 4/10 tops because of the sound and atmoshpere."
,Recommended,319910,19477457,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,✿,"So. This game is prety awesome i could say. I really enjoyed playing it as i enjoyed previous one. Regarding the story is not "" wow "" but is decent. Regarding the graphics, this really are "" wow "" as i enjoyed the most, compared to Trine 2 for instance. If you are into this kind of games then i shurely recomend you buying it. The levels are interesting and fun to play even though some diamonds are hard to find at a first glance. I am a bit dissapointed by 2 things: first is the fact that you can't upgrade skills as in previous two, and second one is the fact that you can't move objects further then your position because the movement on XYZ axes are verry limited. This would be the two majore things i did not liked."
76561198186406205,Recommended,319910,19528266,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Touch,"GOOD:+++ it takes a bit of effort to get used to the new 3D gameplay, but the overall result is AMAZING!The way the camera follows you as the action evolves really makes you fell part of the story.Kudos to the developers for taking such an ambitious step!+++ Graphics and level design is just GREAT...very imaginative and cured to the smallest detail.BAD:--- It takes about 8 hours to complete, which is not as bad as many people stated for about 12£...but it really does fell like the story has been cut short.--- The game is not that challenging...Trine 2 in comparison was much more difficult and rewarding in this sense.Overall I recommend this game to any fan of the series (and of platforms/adventure games in general) and I'm really looking forward to the next chapter!"
,Not Recommended,319910,20129449,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ManiacalCupcake,"Pros-Decent Story: To be frank, the story is no better or worse than T2/1Cons-Progresstion: You know how most games have optional side quests? Not here! They're required to get to the next story mission! You have to collect these little pyramids throughout each level & if you dont get all of them (which you probably wont) you have to do these short little side quests which have to significance to the main story, reward you with around 25 pryamids and are there only so you don't have to replay a whole level to get that one pyramid that you missed-Too Short: There's 8 missions which take about half an hour a piece, and with the amount of side missions there are, you'd think the devs could've removed the need to get the pyramids, which would've removed the need for the side missions, which would've allowed them to make a longer, better more complete game.-No Character Progression: In T2, you could level up your charachet which allowed new abilities like the Wizard being able to conjure more than one box, allowed him to make planks, or how the Archer could get fire and frost arrows, etc... In T3 each Character has a set move set and never unlocks any new moves.-Camera: T1 & 2 were 2.5D platformers, where this is a 3D platformer with a fixed camera. Since the camera is fixed there have all to many times when you think you're gooing to jump onto something only to realize that thing was in closer to the camera than you were and you fall into a pit and die. T3 doesn't distinguish between the background and foreground well enough and it can be very frustrating many times.Sometimes the camera works very well, but most of the time it's just badConclusion: I bought T3 on sale for $5.50, and I dont think it was worth that, much less $22. Unless you really, really, really just have to have it don't buy it"
,Recommended,319910,20125479,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,slyh,"Great game! Nice graphics.It doesn't really feel like Trine 1 and 2. But that's ok.Plays a lot smoother than the previous 2 installments.You can play through it, including all collectables, in about 10 hours."
76561197994168154,Not Recommended,319910,20095916,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gera Ioe,"I never asked for this. Previous games were trully beautiful platformers. Why someone even thinking that 3D camera is better than Side-scroller one. I bought the game to support the developer, but I do not want to play the first level. It's beautiful but it is not as simple as it was.I haven't yet faced any of the other problems people mention. It's just not the old Trine and not the better Trine and this was enough for me."
76561198052348032,Recommended,319910,20212686,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,QFQBL79,"I would reccomend the game especially when on sale, its not really bad with nice final boss fight"
,Recommended,319910,20232120,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,tbeest,"Awesome game.Though it looks very similar to Trine 1 amd 2, the gameplay is much different. DO NOT expect more of the same.Changes:- The character abilities are more limited, no fire/ice arrows/shield/sword, no hammer and no planks.+/- No levelling up. Your character has all its abilities right of the bat. Personally this wasn't a big deal but I'm sure some will mind. The XP potions havebeen replaced by ""trineangles"" which you'll need a certain amount of to unlock the next level.They aren't too hard to find and I liked looking around the beautiful scenery.+ Where in previous games you just walked across a checkpoint to get all of your health back you now have to revive yourself (when playing solo). E.g. you die with Pontius and will have to revive him using Amadeus or Zoya. When one of your characters is severely damaged you can just swap them out and they will automatically heal.+ The colour scheme for player 2 and 3 looks a lot different now. In Trine 1 and 2 only a small part of the costumes became a different colour but in Trine 3 most of the colours change.Additions.+ A world hub thingy, whatever you call it. It's looks a bit like a boardgame board, it even has movable dice!+ Levels with only one character*. These are like ""sidequests"" and will get you a couple of trineangles. There are two types, normal exploring and a battle version where you have to fight a couple of waves of enemies.*(apart from the starting levels which you also had in the first two games)+/- another D! You either like it or you hate it. I had trouble seeing depth at certain parts but man, does it look awesome.Random stuffThe new 3D world looks amazing and very statisfying (seriously. It gave me an .. eye-gasm?), this is the best looking Trine game yet, IMO. Just check the second trailer if you want to get an idea. The soundtrack is amazing as well. Again, listen to the second trailer for an idea.The gameplay isn't too challenging.I wish it lasted longer. Not because the game was too short but because the Trine series is awesome and I hope there will be more of its enchanting gameplay in the future."
76561198055814660,Recommended,319910,20188005,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,olivierdzt,"I'm not a gamer - I love the Trine graphics and spirits - it took me 17h to complete every thing (I see that very few take the pleasure to complete the game and the 1050points) - hope there will be a end - the 3D is cool, not too hard (good for me)Gamers may find it a bit too easy but the Trines have never been difficult games, they are a break, a pause in a feary tale.Keep on making beautiful games!! and thanks!!Olivier"
76561198140209776,Recommended,319910,20205071,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SilviaSuncove,"This game was different.  The concept of depth in this format is a little weird for PC gamers to get used to (I think).  The graphics and soundtrack were amazing (as always with Trine), and the story is really good.  Collecting points (triangles) is challenging, yet not impossible, like I felt it was in Trine 2 at times.  Puzzles were pleasingly challenging but didn't cause frustration.  My only issue is that the game seemed really short, which could have been highlighted by the shorter one-character levels.  I'm excited for the next installment, next adventure, and to find out more about Lady Trine!"
76561198016340097,Not Recommended,319910,20170066,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wind&air,"PROS:series tried something new with 3DRope Physics!CONS:Rope, rope everywhere.3D and bad camera angles, we all know that combo.Extremely short and incomplete story. (3.5 hours)No character progression.""you must have this many shines to continue!""critally buggy final boss.-buddies and me do the Classic Character Selection, but with 9/10 puzzles requiring the theif's Rope, the other two were mostly just passively following behind the theif.-frustraited in the game? it's because depth perception isn't a thing, and you'll thus miss that jump, or throw, or swing, or [insert platformer verb], all. the. time.-previous game-times: Trine 1(6hours), Trine 2(9hours). Normally I'd term this so it wouldn't spoil anything, but here's the basic storry: Trine breaks into 3 pieces, releases baddie, you collect ONE of those pieces, game ends.-Character progression is by no means neccissary for all good games, not even a majority of good games. But when you have a fantesy class based game where both its previous games DID have it? comes off as lazy and incomplete.-So what do the shiney triangles do if there's no character progession? well they couldn't take out Collecting shinies could they? nah, it'll just be Story progession instead! that means that in order to get to the next mission, you'll often have to either backtrack, or do a crappy side mission.-and now the boss fight: this requires both luck and skill. needing skills is fine, it was a strong challenge without being too difficult, props for that. why i leave this whole fight in CONS is that the fight will bug out, and enter an infinate attack loop without any possibility to win.PROs vs CONs: 2:6verdict: go sit in the corner and think about what you've done!"
,Recommended,319910,20168355,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Persona,Beautiful game. Very fun to play.
,Not Recommended,319910,20078180,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,1.21 gigaguts,"just another ""worms 3d"" incident"
,Not Recommended,319910,20053440,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,✓⎝Prof. Jhon Dimbus⎠✓,"TL;DR: The game is boring, and multiplayer is buggy but it looks nice.This game has some serious issues, both technical and design oriented. After playing Trine 2 with friends and loving it, we decided to try out Trine 3.I got a bad feeling as soon as I learned there was no skill system, and from there the game got worse. In the first mission, we experienced a bug where only the host could see the animation of a puzzle, making me and my other friend useless in it. (Un)fortunately, it seems that all 3 characters now can do essentially the same things, making the puzzle possible even though only one person could interact with it. The addition of a third dimension (while adding depth to gameplay in some ways) mostly just made the controls a mess.The only positive thing I can say about this game is that if you liked the Trine series for the aesthetic, you will enjoy this game as it improves upon the graphics of the previous installments. However, if you liked Trine for the mayhem and fun that came from playing with your friends, it probably isn't worth a buy.I know that I only have around an hour of this game on record, and I think that that's an important thing to note when reading this review.Maybe I judged this game too quickly, but I'm not going to waste anymore time on a buggy, mechanicly void platformer."
,Recommended,319910,20053740,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lydløse,"7 hours to complete with all achievements 100%They've changed the viewpoint from a pure 2d perspective to more of a 2.5 isometric viewpoint. The game looks beautiful, as always, but I'm not sure if I like it or hate the 3d-ness of it...It's definitely much easier than the previous games in terms of the puzzles it throws at you, witch was OK for such a shot game. I didn't need to go on youtube at all, this time round.They've dropped the level system entirely and actually made the game easier and less complex. If you haven't played the other two games this is as good a place as any to start. It should work a charm with a controller and a big screen!"
,Recommended,319910,20243820,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chanticrow,"Easily one of the best 3D games available.  I play in Nvidia 3D, and every scroll of the screen I'm simply astounded at the beauty and depth.  These visuals should be the model for 3D gaming everywhere."
,Not Recommended,319910,20243743,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shiklin,"3D just didn't work well in this game. You often find yourself having to attempt jumps 2+ times simply because it's not clear where you are. The only class that is the same is the warrior. The wizard is OP, as it does the puzzles and kills everything and the rogue is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ No swinging about everywhere doing what you like, just tiny loops you can hook onto. Very disappointing. 3/10"
,Recommended,319910,22400704,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Oggy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,In brief:+ amazing graphic and soundtracks+ easy achievments- too short- confused 3D movementsGood game but not as good as Trine 1 and 2
76561198079441472,Not Recommended,319910,22485818,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DementedPenguin,Could have been a good game. Everything works well except for the camera angle/perspective. Having a flat view for a 3D game does not work well. Not worth playing because of that.
76561198061719740,Recommended,319910,22486140,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jemmely,"*Don't pay too much and don't expect and ending to the story*The game is great as far as it goes, the 3D element takes some getting used to but after a couple of levels it was just part of the routine. The real disapointment is that the game is very short compared to the other Trine games. Having read their online responses to this critisism; This was not the planned length of the game but they simply ran out on money! So unfortunatly the game finishes with a story cliffhanger and without any DLC or Trine 4 to come. They have confirmed that they have had to cut their losses and move onto the next game."
76561197984779272,Not Recommended,319910,22501086,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,the,Pros:TrineNeutral:Developers are aware of their failure:http://steamcommunity.com/app/319910/discussions/0/527273452874648751/Cons:ShortOnly half of the story (you are left with a cliffhanger)Gamplay is bad due to bugsWorst of all: 3D
76561198194711709,Recommended,319910,22497719,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,NovaMasamune,"This game is satisfying in itself. I played Trine and Trine 2 and I felt empty collecting Trineangles because I do not have anything to upgrade for it. I mean, what the hell is the use of those anyway? I love getting achievements while getting things for upgrades too. And the game is shorter than the previous ones. And I liked seeing the old Pontius weilding his hammer again, or Zoya shooting fire exploding arrows, and Amadeus conjuring planks. I mean that's what Trine fans were experienced fun the most. The flexibility to change skills in the game to adapt to the puzzles the game has to offer. This is basically linear. The graphics really is awesome. Never got to see Pontius' shiny armor as detailed as it is now. The shortness of the game makes me think that this is kinda incomplete. Or was this on purpose. I have no idea. But this gives me one thought after finishing the game - Trine 4.I totally love the series and finished all the achievements while enjoying it."
76561198060421127,Recommended,319910,22456177,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,S1ickReed,Very fun with some framerate issues but not enough to ruin my fun.
76561197988803293,Recommended,319910,20597288,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Fereck the Wereshrub,"doesnt play like the other 2 games, but still entertaining."
,Recommended,319910,20553653,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,S to the U to the R to the FY,You can be a wizard and twerk your booty.
76561198039210734,Not Recommended,319910,20620373,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,4DRY,"After playing Trine 1 & 2, I can honestly say that this is the worst of the 3. Short, no skill tree, buggy, the 3D version makes me upset and so on. Would not recommend, would refund it if i could."
,Recommended,319910,19134124,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,badgerpog,OK - it's a bit on the short side. But no shorter than the last Call Of Duty campaign that I paid alot more for.What you do get is beautifully crafted and great fun to play - I would love another chapter just like this.
,Not Recommended,319910,19016993,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lumic,"A huge disappointment after two really great games. It feels like I paid for a glorified tech demo. Frozenbyte should have stuck to a winning formula, instead of implementing unnecessary 3D gameplay and dumbing down the abilities of the characters by getting rid of the skill tree.If Frozenbyte decide to Kickstart Trine 4, I'll throw them some money, but only if it's a return to the greatness that was Trine and Trine 2."
,Recommended,319910,19129981,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,2Can2Meme,"Beatiful scenery, unique story, memorable characters, amazing soundtrack, interesting mechanichs and no crashes.What more do you want?Only downside: unsatisfying ending."
,Recommended,319910,18752639,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,VitruvianVoid,"What an amazing game this is!I was a bit scared for the 3D transition but boy, platforming hasn't felt this smooth since my Prince of Persia days!Everything is there: the sound, the colors, the characters' distinguished feel!Thank you Frozenbyte! This is amazing. Can't wait to finish it!"
76561198033853560,Recommended,319910,18518393,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,autoblog603,"Started the game, did not really care for it.But once i went a few levels in, started going back and forward collecting orange lights..............once you are into it the game becomes GREAT.Good Job."
76561197971149677,Recommended,319910,18820096,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,kiv,"Great local co-op, nice controller support.Great casual fun if you have kids, it is probably a bit easy for hardcore gamers."
76561198083430407,Recommended,319910,24112675,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sleepypanda,"I am giving this game my very cautious recommendation, BUT only if you have already bought, played and loved the original two and are looking for more. If you haven't, play them first as they are better in just about every way.Talk about a disappointment.I realize the rest of the world's probably heard this already; be it from the other Steam reviews, or elsewhere Trine 3's notorious for being an incomplete game with imprecise controls, awkward camera angles and nonsensically easy combat.I loved Trine 1 and 2. My reviews of those games reflects that. But Trine 3 - while still a masterpiece visually - is incredibly short, lacks any really meaty challenges, is missing collectibles and hidden stuff, has basically no skills worth mentioning etc etc etc.The company has already apologized for it, but for me - this is something that needs to be completed before that apology will be worth anything. I've gotten 100% of the achievements in just a few short hours (Steam says 5.5 and I know for a fact I AFK'd at least half an hour of that), and already uninstalled it. I have no intention of ever revisiting this game unless it gets expanded on - very much unlike it's prequels, which were glorious, complete packages of fun.Now, despite all of the above the game is still ""fun"" to some degree; it's certainly above average and a worthy purchase on sale.But that's the problem; I don't want to say ""Yeah, Trine is good if you get it on sale"" and I never had to do so in the past. For one of my favorite franchises in platformers, it's rather depressing to give this such a low score.Unfortunately, Trine 3 gets a 7/10 from me, where it's predecessors got 10/10 (Trine) and 9/10 (Trine 2).If you're considering picking this game up, and haven't already played the previous two, skip it in favor of them; they are better, longer, and more enjoyable.-Sleepy"
76561198124845440,Recommended,319910,24177021,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RIPHostile,"Despite the fact the game was short, what is there is amazing and absolutely perfected. I really hope the series is continued in the future."
,Not Recommended,319910,24102186,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,JustAHiccup,3D did nothing to the game. Not worth the money. Ended on cliff hanger. Not long enough. Now FrostByte saying they possibly not making another.
76561198280699539,Recommended,319910,24834271,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Datora,It's a light beautiful faery tale game.
,Not Recommended,319910,22437476,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Pizza Time,"A potentially fun co op game marred by numerous issues such as rushed development, poor design choices and a story that ends midway and jarringly. Given another six months in development it could have been as good as the other games but the 3d camera was also a bad decision."
76561198003728001,Recommended,319910,22750569,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,mr_e_s,"I recommend this game to anyone with a friend or two, and a love for solving puzzles however the hell they deem fit. This game, and the Trine series at large, have a wonderful take on solving puzzles, which is one of a surprisingly freeing laissez faire, they leave you an entire kit of tools at your disposal, and ask you to use them as you see fit, and as a result me and my good friend broke a lot of the puzzles in what were clearly unintended solutions, having a blast doing so.This game is also rocking the pretty in a big bad way, if you're anything like me, you'll find yourself stopping at various points just to admire the scenery or the unusual flora and fauna that populate it. Even the things that really aren't there to be interacted with at all have a certain care in their design you rarely see even in large budget games.Two things though, this game is short, shorter feeling than the others in the series, even, so if you're looknig for 60 hours, this isn't for you, and it ended abruptly and unsatisfyingly, leaving it feeling like half a game. I get the feeling there was the intention to do more, but it got held over for another game, These are pretty bad sticking points, but they don't make the overall product not a worthwhile experience.I feel I should also address the 3D perspective issue that a lot of people seem to have. Some of the anger I've seen over this I feel can be attested to just the series deviating from it's expected status quo by eschewing the 2D puzzle feel, and I didn't consider it much harder to control, and never really felt myself losing grip on where I was in the depth of field, but I could see a genuine case being made against it, as occasionally there were some frustrating moments with sliding something onto a switch or panel in three-dimensional space. It allowed for the inclusion of some pretty cool puzzles as well though, like moving Zoya's rope around posts and the like to tie things together, and still felt mostly very well thought out.Overall even though it has it's problems and it just kind of ends, I still had a really good time playing, and I wouldn't want to rob anyone of that by not recommending it."
76561198092231673,Recommended,319910,22904655,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Aliuzha,"Only buy it in discount, the game is not as good as Trine and Trine 2 were. The story has a very badly planned ending... so there will be an expansion, or a trine 4 perhaps? who knows, i hope they don't broke after this release... Still a game to play, nice music and scenarios."
76561198009934104,Recommended,319910,22727524,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,bholt3,I don't understand why this game has mixed reviews. I thoroughly enjoy this game. I hope for more Trine in the future as well.
,Recommended,319910,22647883,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,-Ivy-,"Negatives:- Camera and controls are clunky- No skill tree- Very short campaign- Fewer/less complex puzzles than previous gamesPositives:- It's absolutely beautiful. Seriously, walk around the Redwood Forest stage and tell me you don't want to just live there.- Still loads of fun when the game sticks to platforming- 3D element makes for puzzles which are different to earlier gamesSo no, it doesn't live up to expectations (the devs themselves admit they ran out of money), but it's still a decent game and absolutely worth playing if you can get it on sale.6/10"
76561198021652387,Recommended,319910,22182939,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jady,good game! nice art graphics!
76561198121718704,Recommended,319910,30766806,Posted: 26 March,all,Jabobomb,"I do not know why everyone is complaining about this game. This is the best game in the trine series. The first one was good, but it left much to desire with its progression and i was pretty much always the rogue without changing unless i needed the magic. The second trine, was completely boring and not a fun experience. This one opened the world ip and it did well, yes it is the first one 3d but it works so well."
,Not Recommended,319910,22994942,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rowen Kuro,"Graphics may be prettier than the previous two games, but everything else is pretty crap.The 3D thing is the worst decision they could make for this game. Depth perception is hell. I lost count of how many times I fell off the edge of the map - can't see a thing. The camera moves on its own in specific areas and you end up losing your character behind walls.Why would you take away hero upgrades/perks? So many abilities that makes the game fun are gone.And the bugs... so many bugs.Sometimes, the dialogue cuts off in places and the audio is a right mess.Might as well go back to playing Trine 1 and 2."
,Recommended,319910,17629598,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,esports_mastaaa_yolo_yolo_yolo,"It's wonderful.Definitly an Upgrade of Trine 2, and i already thought that one was nearly perfect.The controls are intuitive, the levels beautiful and matching the music.I can't wait to finally play the whole thing!"
,Recommended,319910,21082256,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pippi,"I am a fan of the trine series. And i have completed all 3 of them 100%. After the end of trine 3 i was dissapointed. and then i saw the video with what the developers had to say about trine 3. It was painful to watch. really. BUT. Given the case they actually tried their best and they moved the game to a 3D platform, and they where on a budget and they actually had the scenario and more levels already designed, i think its actually a misunderstood game.  I really hope it makes it for a continuation, and if it actually makes it I have to point out some parts that were missing.  Just a word from a fan.1) make less pointless little side quests and make the main story bigger. everyone prefers this. then you can make a dlc full of side quests. i promise you i will buy it.2) make the characters upgradable again. skill point actually was something interesting and funny, and made you try harder to pick up these triancles so you can upgrate. now you had to leave your main quest and search for those things.3) please add ""view angle"" because sometimes its quite difficult to actually realize where your character goes.4) and make the storyteller more ""sonorous"". more serious, as if this is a great matter hes talking about.5) and continue the hard job.!|p.s. by the way the music is beautiful.! (i just wanted to say that.)"
,Recommended,319910,21121622,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Derek Hellscream,"Please do buy this game but do not look at it as one from the Trine Series or a sequel to Trine 2.First thing to keep in mind about Trine 3 is that its camera angles suck big time and the developer has to learn a lot about the side scrolling 3d camera thing. If anything I have had huge issues with the camera behaving like a linear on-rails shooter or something.Secondly, the game is gorgeous and outright beautiful. Its very atmospheric and a lot different from Trine 2. Trine 2 was a HUGE improvement over Trine and I loved Trine 2 whereas I didnt find Trine appealing at all. This game is a gorgeous simplistic storytelling with VERY EASY levels. The game itself is EASY except for few places where it might take you 4-5 mins to realise what you need to do. And those are in the side missions.Lets just say that Trine 3 doesnt have ANYTHING the previous games had but has a whole lot of things that the previous games didnt have. This is a downgrade from Trine 2 gameplay wise but an excellent game if you take it as a different game. Because lets face it, Trine storyline always sucked big time.7/10 - Simplistic Gameplay and level design. Gorgeous breathtaking atmospheric artstyle. Memory Leaks x Infinite.Buy it when on SALE."
,Recommended,319910,21064385,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Osuryn,"Honnestly I loved this game,I am a big Trine fan and own all the Trine games and love how these developers are not afraid to try something new.While i like the 2D Trine games a lot, I enjoyed this 3D gameplay version a lot as well.Once I started playing I couldn't stop, the story pulled me in and got me excited for the next chapter. This is why i think the story felt a little short. I kept loosing track of time and continued completing chapters because I wanted to know the next part of the story.The characters felt familliar but slightly different, from the new use of Zoya's rope to the charging and slamming of Pontius. The new game features got me wanting more.Finally the artstyle was breathtaking. Like the 2D games Trine 3 has delivered a colourful environment that felt alive. From start to finish it felt polished and complete, even with some different artstyles throughout the game.Short Summary;If you like big games with a lot of replayability i would not reccomend this game but rather a bigger multiplayer game. But if you want to get pulled into a story with an amazing artstyle, and enjoy some casual game time with some friends through an enjoyable co-op game. Then this is a great game for you!"
,Recommended,319910,21195007,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Triviality,Short game. But I enjoyed playing it.Would be better if had more boss fights.The load times are a bit slow too.
76561198006245510,Recommended,319910,20794867,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,barni2000,Excellent
,Recommended,319910,21041661,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MayoNeesan,Huge improvement from the prequels. And the prequels were both fantastic
76561198019580630,Not Recommended,319910,20027555,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,iokua,if you are coming from trine 1 and 2 it changes too much of the game play like some controls just flat out changed for meother wise its still beautiful but less weird like i grew to love
76561198105953862,Not Recommended,319910,20274889,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KurokoPuppy,"i like the game, the graphics are good but it won't let me play onlineI can't host a gameit says hosting online game failed and i cant join a game it says failed to join game error code 10like wtfi spent money on this and my download speed is absolute trash so i spent like 12 hours downloading so i can play with my friend and it doesnt even work? the ♥♥♥♥ frozenbyteand i love trine 2 as well i think it was great my friend and i had a great time but holy♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,319910,20249303,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Phoenix,"The Trine Trilogy is real eyecandy and nice story telling. New to Trine 3 is that you wont be able to advance your character - it has all its skills from the beginning. You start at chapter 1 and depending on how many Pyramids you collect on your way thourgh the chapter the more side chapters you are able to play. That said, its up to you if you go straight for the main chapters or take a detour. Though I cant say, if they are optional or if you have to do them to make it to the final chapter, as I do the optional chapters first. The thing is, every chapter requires a certain amount of collected pyramids and if you dont have them you have to collect them in previous chapters - its a bit of like collecting stars in super mario bros to get the extra level, bit old school, but fine.A big pro is that it is playable in coopTrine 3 added the third dimension - most of the time it is not that much of an issue. The real downer is, that you cant adjust the camera, so some things are hard to tell where they are in depth or are hidden from you, because you have not the right angle to spot them.The 3D is also the reason, why I play it with a pad - keyboard is very bit painful IMHO for 3D. But my pad is a 8 key, 2-axis pad and it gets real difficult to play the mage with that, as you cant lever stuff as you are supposed to do, so I probably need to upgrade my pad for such kind of games.The level design is beatiful, while a tad on the short side - after a half day, I'm almost through with most pyramids collected.Despite getting used to 3D the game has some quality issue in terms of bugs. Especially when it comes to coop play. Like that the other player cant move or my screen goes black when another player joins. In classic mode, when I die I cant switch character and have to wait until I get revived - my colleque is able to switch to another character and revive the fallen character. Rather seldom some scripted events fail.Considering the gameplay I would buy it again, but I wish some patches get out to make it less frustrating from time to time..."
,Recommended,319910,20304864,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pan.Olda,"+Really nice graphics+Multiplayer/Co-Op+Smooth Gameplay+Funny Dialogs-Some glitches (1-3) so its no problem.-Maybe would be better if there was a more ""mission"". But anyway really nice game, i recommend it to you! :)"
,Not Recommended,319910,15495640,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Forgotten Ancient Knight,"Its relly short, and you have to gather olmost all to be able to get to final stage wich is an pain. sorry guys i had high hopes for this game, but the devs lett oss down :'( ... unless they change it, wich they might not do, cause it aint like bifore the devs arent afarid of oss anymore so they do what they want to do wich is just depressing and tottal lett down. olmostt 10 years ago they did everything to do in their power to fix an issue, wich aint the case anymore."
76561198068908343,Recommended,319910,20361630,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,AnKun,"I finished the game in 7 hours, with all challendges and trying to get all triangles (didn't get them all though). The first game was similar in length, so I don't get all this ""the game is too short"" rage. The fact that story is not finished? I play Trine for gameplay, not for story, which is something out of a kiddie book.Next, the 3D mechanics is not too bad. In fact, for me it was the best Trine gameplay I've seen (and I've beated previous 2 games), but even if we disregard my tastes, it's objectively a solid gameplay mechanic. It doesn't need new abilities and leveling up, because physics puzzle works just fine. And people say it's casual while first two were more hardcore? What ""hardcore"" are you talking about? First 2 games were also casual and easy as hell.Maybe it's because I've played it recently, when it was all patched up, and therefore didn't see any bugs. But I've seen many indie games much worse that sold for the same price. So stop bashing Trine 3, it's a finished product and a good game at least."
76561198112295015,Recommended,319910,20567108,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ttanks22,I thought this was a great follow up to the first two Trines. The animation is incredible and it's just such a fun and magical game. Music is great. All the games are always the perfect amount of challenging for me. Once I got used to the 3D interface I didn't mind it at all and I didn't think it compromised the integrity of the game in any way. Can't wait to see what they come up with next!
76561197990373987,Not Recommended,319910,20571232,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Perra,Sucky.
,Not Recommended,319910,20571264,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Akkaa,"1 and 2 are great but 3 is terrible (length, controls, bugs, the 3d stuff...)!"
,Not Recommended,319910,20529100,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Naymes,"It pains me greatly to give a negative review, but this has disappointed me greatly. I'll keep it brief and concise:Positive aspects:- Great Art, really.- Its fun to play together.- The buggy physix are the most  fun.Negative:- Forced Story and lazy storytelling.- Boring Soundtrack, I usually love Ahris stuff but... This time I couldn't remember even one that was iconic.- Butchering of Characters.- Horribly Glitchy, and even though the Physix are hilarious, thats not the point of the game. It totally ruins the immersion and you can solve every puzzle lazily.- Terribly forced Jokes.- The game is waaaay too short. I mean seriously? Triple the budget of Trine 2 and this is all you could do?Granted the game looks beautiful indeed, but whats it worth? All in all the Game felt really, really lazy. Its not a worthy successor of the Trine series."
,Recommended,319910,20564084,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Demokra,"Great game, but way too short.Im done with it and have every achievement after roughly 6 hours.Yes it has Multiplayer which is fun, but a game that is known for a singleplayer campaign shouldnt have less than 7 hours of gameplay.Woudlnt buy it again at full price but for a less than 10 € deal it would be quite ok."
76561198021288115,Recommended,319910,20833873,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Builder,"Frozenbyte really took a leap of faith with Trine 3. Hats off for them. This game has it's flaws, but it's highly enjoyable nevertheless.Trine 4 will be awesome."
,Not Recommended,319910,21434304,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,chaosnipples,"Not in its current state would I recommend this game. There are only three levels, they're all incredibly short, and I beat the whole game in less than an hour. Think about it. I don't know why these devs would release a game as a full release, featuring only three levels. Play the other two Trine games, then wait for this game to be whole. Once they release the rest of the game I will redact my recommendation."
76561197971283884,Recommended,319910,21443292,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,rixiroo,"It's a nice looking game, but I find the depth factor a little frustrating - it's hard to guage and I find the controls a little... clunky.I think the first two were better, but this is still worth the buy in my opinion. Some of it is good."
76561197993968624,Recommended,319910,18265901,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ols,"Artifacts of Power hits most of the right marks. There are some wonderfully creative physics based puzzles, multiplayer support, and breathtaking graphics. There's even some nice humor in the game, like when Amadeus briefly tries to explain why getting into the Wizard's Academy is so weird and difficult."
76561197971211067,Recommended,319910,21405843,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Doriath,"This game is great, but very very short and ends with a stupit cliffhanger."
,Not Recommended,319910,21515029,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ModeLock,"The game is lovely. The audio is great, the graphics are enjoyable.The handling of the inexplicably new 3D environment is awful, and simply the decision to switch to a 3D environment is awful - I'm sure it could have been handled better.  I had to stop after an hour.Trine 1 and 2 were wonderful, but now this game was unpleasant. Also, you have to collect triangle things in order to progress through the game to finish it.I don't have a lot of time to play games anymore, so to sit down hoping for something easy to get into and simply enjoyable like Trine 1 and 2 and coming to this one where the controls are clunky ... very disappointing. I uninstalled. Already wasted money on it, not going to waste more of my time."
,Recommended,319910,21516948,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,digivampire,"Trine series grew on me quite a bit over time. Trine 1 and 2 are pure masterpieces and I had high hopes for the 3rd installment. Unfortunately, it did not quite deliver. The game itself is not bad but it is clear that the devs ran out of time, money or both and decided to wrap up what they had so far.Pros:- Added 3d platforming, you'll either love it or hate it- Ingenuous use of physics and dynamics, especially with Zoya and rope. It really opened new platforming challanges which is awesome.- Respawning will most of the time right where you left off- Imaginative level design as usual, with really nice touch on the graphics especially on later levels, kudosCons:- Playability suffers. Mainly because the depth perception is not always clear, especially when jumping. This is partially the fault of the camera angle and partially lack of shadow on the ground showing where you will land. You do get mostly used to it though.- Skill tree is gone. Guess we were spoiled in Trine 1 and 2.- Bit to easy compared to the previous games- Story is unfinished. The game does not even pretend that after the last level the story is wrapped up; it feels like an episodic ending which is a decent way to spin it if you need to rush the game to the market.- Short, finished along with all achievements in 7h.If you are interested in playing this, give Trine 1 & 2 a try first if you haven't. It's not required but it will give you a much better idea how great Trine games really are. This one is mostly worth it for gamers who liked the first two and want more.6/10"
76561198044484574,Recommended,319910,21749058,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ultimate Mongol,"Beat the games & unlock all the achievement in 6 hours. The adventure is good, so are the graphics, but the games isn't very challenging and is quite short.The end doesn't really end the story wich is quite a disapointmentTry to buy it when its price is low if you want to play."
76561198092056228,Not Recommended,319910,21752053,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,vinnykeel,I paid $22 for a game that was listed for $8.99 and it won't start.
76561198042111099,Recommended,319910,21782312,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,zzender1,"Totally fun and engaging world and story with clever puzzles and a dash of hack and slash charm as well. All the negative reviews kept me from even looking at this game, that was a mistake."
76561197972852234,Recommended,319910,21792100,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rhutcheson8183,"Sorely disappointed.  Awesome game while it lasted. It was a great addition to the series but the game was incomplete! I don't mean it was to sorry (although it was that too), the stated goal of the game is impossible by design. Almost like they have up at the end."
,Recommended,319910,21075285,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,meow-meow,Awesome game. Great multiplayer. It's super quick though.
76561198012450326,Recommended,319910,21003385,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ism.lor,"I haven't finished this game yet, but I can't see why the reviews are so 'mixed'.  I think the game is absolutely fine.  I'm wowed by the graphics, This sequel has advanced mechanics even more.  This allows the player to interact with the puzzles in MANY more ways.  What does this mean?  It means the puzzle can be more interesting and creative.I think this might be my first review of a game just to come to bat for Trine 3.  I've played the first two games before this.  This game is just as good if not better (remember I haven't finished it though)I think I bought it for maybe 10 bucks on sale.  VERY MUCH WORTH IT.  In fact right now it's 5.50.  I don't see what anyone has to complain about for that price.  You're getting a beautiful game, great music, fun puzzles, cute story etc.As far as I'm concerned - Well Done Frozenbyte"
,Not Recommended,319910,21165931,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kamakiri,This game is broken from stage 2 - full of glitches and bugs. How could they **** up such a great series??? I'm very disappointed :(
76561198028746080,Recommended,319910,21263999,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Torchbearer,"About this game: Easy, nice controls, easy, cool story, easy, beautiful scenary and easy =D"
76561198236052602,Recommended,319910,21293895,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,christian_curran,"Crash Bandicoot 3D , you cant move the camera (not full 3d as in the description)You can see the ambition is some areas with the graphics , but let down by gameplay.Too easy , unsatisfying and poorly designed puzzles , boring combat.I uinderstand they went over budget , but good gameplay comes from ideas and this whole game feels rushed.Not bad for a casual wind down game however, and its easy to finish which is nice sometimes."
,Recommended,319910,21310270,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DrunkenCoconut,"Positives---------------------Beautiful graphics-Fun gameplay-Intuitive puzzles-Stellar in 3D and one of the few games that natively supports 3DNegatives-------------------Pretty short, could probably beat it in a few hours-Missing old character abilitiesOverall Trine 3 is a short but amazing journey. The switch to making the gameplay in three dimensions actually was well done in my opinion, although many seem to disagree. I've played all of the Trine games just because they natively support 3D and the graphics are always beautiful. I would say it's definitely worth playing, especially if you buy it during a steam sale."
76561197970414679,Recommended,319910,21470188,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,WJAS,"My review is anHonorable mention tolambkabobRecommended12.5 hrs on recordPosted: September 28, 2015I like Trine 3. Despite all of the negative reviews, I bought the game because I like Frozenbyte's esthetics, as displayed in Trine 1 & 2, and because while playing 1 & 2, I kept wishing the player characters could move into the scenery instead of staying stuck in 2D.Looking over the negative reviews, the complaints fall into these categories:Strangely, the nastiest reviews go on, and on, about how Trine 3 is different than Trine 1 and 2. In other words, because some people expected Trine 3 to be like Trine 1 and 2, they gave bad reviews. In actuality, these 'reviews' are just gripes about personal preferences. Very few negative comments actually describe what the game _is_. Imagine Trine 3 was actually just the first Trine game released. Would reviews saying the game didn't meet someone's personal preferences have any value to anyone?Too short for the money.OK, I wish the game was longer too. However, I've paid $20 or so for quite a few games over the years that turned out to be dull or just no fun. I found Trine 3 to be fun and worth the money.Bugs/technical issues.Yup, there are some bugs. In multiplayer, one of my group had some strange graphics bugs. The problems went away after restarting the game. I suspect an old graphics driver was the culprit. None of the bugs we encountered prevented completion of the game.Remember how Frozenbyte said they ran out of money? The game is definitely playable; they should get some credit for achiving that much during a money crisis.About what the game ISI found Trine 3 to be graphically beautiful. The puzzles are pretty easy compared to other platform games, but I enjoyed the scenery enough that I didn't mind. Attempting to avoid a spoiler, one section has simulated paper... It is inspired; I hope to see this again in the future.I enjoyed the 3D environment. Despite being an 'on-a-rail' type of game, there is enough freedom to explore. You can take a break to look around and appreciate the view. You can't get the camera to show every location your player can reach, such as behind buildings, but there is nothing hidden there so it doesn't really matter. You can walk of cliffs and die. So try to avoid it (like in real life). One minor complaint is in multiplayer, when a player dies, the 'ghost' of the player sometimes levitates to a location ahead of the other players, so you might have to wait a bit before another player can reach your ghost to resurrect it.You can map the commands to the buttons and keys of your choice, which I always appreciate since I don't use the standard WASD mapping.Using PC keyboard and mice it took my group a few tries to defeat the end game boss. I think a controller would have been easier, especially for jumping in non-cardinal directions. But even one younger player who is typically easily frustrated, didn't even think of giving up. I expect we will replay this again, like we did Trine 1 and 2.Note to Frozenbyte: You can't please everybody. You took a risk to go to 3D. You learned from it. I hope you don't give up on 3D because I enjoy it and I think you did it right. I bought three copies at full price and we weren't disappointed. If you try again with Kickstarter, I'll be there. Hopefully you'll get enough cash to work out more bugs and avoid some of the negative reviews. Some people complained they didn't like some of the voice acting. After listening to some poor English overdubs of Anime, I had no problems at all with your voice cast."
,Not Recommended,319910,21524336,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Steve R.,"This is way too short compared to the other two parts and not worth the regular price.I must say that there are quite a few bugs... This was a bit frustrating and I was not used to that in a Frozenbyte game.Once I fell through the ground even though I was standing on a wooden platform. The scence with the fisherman was odd, because there were no fish in the water and I could destroy the fishing rod and had to reload... These are just some examples.Still, the levels look gorgeous and are well designed. I was frustrated and enjoying myself at the same time, so better think twice before buying."
76561197984073326,Recommended,319910,24481594,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Libra,Good co op game.
,Recommended,319910,24481282,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AomiN,"This...game..is...UNFINISHED!But I still recommend it because it is really well made game and I know that it was an experiment with 3D gameplay. Still the game feels like it's 1/3 of complete game. The story ends in a middle of journey and doesn't close anything. Unfortunately there is no character upgrade in this game and the 'trineangles' are only for unlocking new levels. I liked the boss fight though. I hope there will be a complete game released sometime.At current state I think the price is way too high, and I recommend buying it on a biiiiiiiig sale. (I paid 50% and I think it was still overpriced)"
76561198093439711,Recommended,319910,30824713,Posted: 29 March,all,rocharlie38,"The environment is whimsical and the gameplay is casual, a good game, though I was very disappointed at how short the game was."
76561198030346313,Recommended,319910,24368951,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,San,This is a great game. Despite some players complained about the controls but I find them working pretty intuitively.
,Not Recommended,319910,25339089,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,UltimaCJ,Trine 3 was a really good game in design and maybe slightly better than Trine 2 for game play but the game got glitchy MANY times and CONSTANT disconnects from my playing with my friends.Enjoyed the journey just didn't enjoy getting the journey GOING.
,Not Recommended,319910,25758250,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,HiddenLego,"I liked trine 1 and 2 and this game is not too bad, but it is just not that great.Overall I don't think this game is really worth $22. If you can get it on sale it could be worth it if you want to get all trineangles. I didn't really do anything with the multiplayer although it could be fun. It does have workshop support, although I don't know how it works, so that might make it better.Pros:3D!still had some 2D sectionsno leveling upmultiplayerCons:the launcher didn't seem to work too well(although this could just be me)the game was quite short(I played for 8-9 hours without getting all trineangles)the 3D was very hard to deal withsome major controls changed(which might not be that bad)you NEED to get trineangles in order to progress(instead of needing some levels to do some puzzels, which because of the the reset button was fine)the ending for what seems like the first section was the end to the gamethe ending really didn't finish the story, it just kinda said ""hey, if we make trine 4(or DLC) this will be the start of the story,"" which sucks"
76561198042014614,Recommended,319910,25698979,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Zhe,I think Trine 3 is absolutely brilliant along with all their other games. Am I disappointed there's no levelling? Absolutely. I'm also disappointed it's short and I'm disappointed the story's incomplete. But that's not enough to give the game a negative review in my opinion. I think it's absolutely worth playing and I think they did an amazing job with it. I hope they continue the series. I wish they'd just add a levelling system and move on. I think that alone would recoup a lot of the negativity about the game!
,Recommended,319910,27016084,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fenthik,"I made the mistake of getting a gift-card that would only work for games sold by a certain company. This game and Trine 2 happened to be some of them. I had no expectations going into the game and I hate platformers, but I was absolutely blown away. This game is absolutely gorgeous. It was worth its money just in exploring the environment. The level design is wonderful and every puzzle lets you figure out what you can and can't do. If you like saying ""I don't think that's how I was supposed to do it, but..."" you'll love this game. The game has charming and fluid gameplay mechanics that make it impossible to put down. The game is currently on sale, but it is worth every penny of the normal $22. The same goes for Trine 2. Highly recommended for any type of player."
76561198116246133,Recommended,319910,26267332,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sleeping dog,Feast your eyes in full 3D. The game is good. but very short and ends too abruptly. Multiplayer works fine.
76561197989586881,Recommended,319910,26573341,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SBTurvok,"Well i bought this game as soon as it came out in aug of 2015 because i wanted to support the dev's and absolutely loved the previous 2 games, But didn't get around to playing it until november 2016.I'm giving this game a thumbs up. Due to my enjoyment of the game. I loved it. There are a few minor graphics glitches, but the developers created their own engine from scratch so i expected a few. The  art direction is beautiful,  as the previous 2  games. The puzzles make you think, yet most of them never had me thinking for more then a couple minutes.Now for the negatives.. The story really did feel incomplete.  It felt like it ended at the first really big boss. (there are many minor ones throughout ) I've read that they ran out of budget on the game and decided to relase it as is. If that's the case i'm happy as i did enjoy what was here.  I'm not sure if that was the case or they were looking to make a cash cow out of it and charge for future expansions to finish the story. If you read many of the negative reviews here on steam the vast majority of them comment on the unfinished story. I feel it's a little unfair as for value for money i got similar enjoyment and time when compared to what i spent on previous trine games.I got a little over 8 hrs out of the story. there were a couple side areas i didn't even give an attempt to. If you're a completionist you could probably get at least double that going back and looking for everything.Worth the $20, better on sale. But if you haven't played trine 1 and 2 yet. I'd pass and buy those first. especially 2 as it's a truly great game. If you love the first 2 and have been sitting on the fence about this one, i'd say pick it up. You will enjoy the gameplay  if you can overlook the cliffhanger story."
,Not Recommended,319910,26549618,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Papathurmo,Story unfinished. gameplay fun. negative review because story unfinished therefore game unfinished.  feel kinda cheated when the game just suddenly ENDS.
76561198058783586,Not Recommended,319910,26568413,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mahdondez,Do not buy this game. It is the most laggy piece of crap out there! Also if you play a 3 man CO-OP 1 of your friends will be kicked out
76561198081376451,Recommended,319910,26629776,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Firelizard,Great Game but why isn't it 2.5D
,Not Recommended,319910,26510764,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rhaoulos,"Rubish...TL,DR: don't waste yout time and money on it, unfinished game, too short, bad controls, bad compared trine 1 and 2.A few good ideas. They tried to renew the trine serie with 3D but control are a mess and it can be frustrating.The game is boring compared to the first 2 games and is unfinished.The aim is to get 3 parts of the artefact but it suddenly ends after recovering the first.According to Frozenbyte, they ran out of money because they created a 3D game and had no idea what they were doing but still decided to release the game as is with 1/3 of the content because they don't give a hoot about players as long as they make money. It feels like a multi chapter game... with only the first chapter ending with the most boring boss I've ever seen doing the exact same thing for 5 minutes.I loved the first 2 Trines but this one was pure disapointment. And if they ever release another game I probably won't buy it."
,Recommended,319910,26516694,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,foddertarget,"Loved Trine 1 and 2. Third effort just left me annoyed most of the time. Either make the game like the original 2D platformer, or dump the platforms and go full 3D. I found the mix irritating. You don't have any depth preception in non-VR games. It's possible that the game could be tweaked to be more forgiving but I doubt that's ever going to happen.The artwork was great. The story was ok until it ended or should I say didn't end. Unless I have misunderstood the story it seemed unfinished to me."
,Recommended,319910,25927997,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Xirimbolo,"After I played first and second, couldn't resist the third. Worth the money!  I think it has an unfair score in some very well known game sites. In my opinion is worthy successor. Mind blowing graphics and wonderful environments, especially if you can play it with a 3D screen.  Impressive and clever puzzles and the soundtrack is stellar. Gameplay is quite short, could have been a bit longer to be perfect. Don't listen to bad reviews, buy this game and play it!"
,Recommended,319910,26104838,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Erkenbrand,"Again good puzzle game, but a bit worse than Trine 1+2.Why?+graphicsoundtrackZoya is finally without maskbooks with backstorystory-3D view - bad camera and controlthey remove all RPG elementsgame is shorteasy puzzlesweird endingThis is 1st Trine game where i can find any negatives ( and only few positives). Graphic and areas are really beatiful. Story is decent. But camera + control are really painful. Worst Trine game, but still one of best *puzzle* game. If you dont played Trine 1+2 i dont recommend this game. If you like Trine i highly recommended it. Iam definitely going to buy next part.7,5/10"
76561198020969069,Recommended,319910,26279864,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wolfus97,"DO NOT BUY TRINE 3!!! I recommend you buy Trine 1 and Trine 2 instead. The developers ruined Trine 3 by shifting from a 2D to a 3D platformer. The 3D aspect of Trine 3 ruined the Trine franchise. They also remove the upgradable abilities for each hero which is a big mistake! Frozenbyte should've just stick with a 2D platform game like Trine 1 and Trine 2. If they made Trine 3 as a 2D platform game with features included in Trine 1 & 2, it will get positive reviews and sell well. Good thing I bought this during steam sale.*Note to Developers: If you're gonna make another Trine game make sure its a 2D platform game with all the features included in Trine 1 & Trine 2!!! If it ain't broken don't fix it! Then maybe you can add some new features like pickable gear & equipments for the three heroes. It will also help if you can create a better story with a serious tone."
76561198092185746,Not Recommended,319910,26280074,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sobored13440,"I commend the developers for trying something new in Trine 3. With that being said, 3D does not suit this series at all. Short game, cliffhanger at the end, and mechanics that just don't work in the 3D concept( ie. grappling hook). It's a shame."
,Recommended,319910,25963473,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cosmos,"Love it. Love the 3D platforming, art/ graphic, boss/gaint encounters, clever but not tiring rope puzzles. Great game overall....:)"
76561198020881055,Recommended,319910,21897989,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,0Neko,"Trine 3 isn't my favourite Trine game. The character powers are a bit lacking, the game has a few bugs, and it is short. But with saying that, I still had fun playing! Trine 3 is very pretty to look at! -Of course It's Trine!- and I do just luv the Trine world. So, if you can get passed the few bugs it has and the length of the game - I'm sure you'd enjoy it. I'd recommend Trine 3 if it was on sale."
76561197971522977,Recommended,319910,21841007,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Arisal,I mostly play the Trine games with my son who is 6.  We loved figuring out the puzzles in the 1st 2 games.  So far this game is easier in a lot of ways which is not necessarily a bad thing.  My son is having an easier time with this one over the other 2 games which I like.  Graphics are pretty amazing and controls are straight forward.  I did pick it up when it was under 10$ so for the price and since it is a short game I find it alright.
,Recommended,319910,21828569,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Scoob,"Amazing game, the developers did what they could before they ran out of money, read their update about what happened before you buy. That said I thought it was a great game, most of the early bugs have been fixed, and you cant solo everything as pontius. About 6 hours worth of story, before an abrupt ending, but it looked beautiful through out the entirety of the game, and it brings the aesthetics of trine 1 and 2 into 3d. In the end thoigh it was straight laughter with friends for 6 hours. Would recommend this game if you can get some friends to play with you."
,Not Recommended,319910,21914490,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,神 Knx,"While Trine 1 and Trine 2 are exceptionally good I cannot say the same for Trine 3.It was somewhat fun, but I was waiting the entire game to get skills (Ice arrow, Fire arrow, Mage stuff) or at lease new mechanics. The game mechanics were always the same and overly simple.I finished the game in ~5 hours and it was enough to find a lot of bugs. What annoyed me the most were the glitch graphics that made my entire machine freeze for some seconds constantly, I had to tune down the graphics.The ending was really annoying as well, it didn't end! This feeling is really annoying, I am most likely never going to buy any DLC to see the ending, no way... That was ridiculous. I will only play if they release a DLC for free apologizing.I'm sorry to any team member that is reading this, but I feel really frustrated and I hope you understand. The game has potential, it might have been just way too soon to release."
,Recommended,319910,24821027,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,XEJ7i,"The game is good.But isn't good enough for a Trine game.I don't really like the 3D, design removing the secrets,removing the skill tree and many other things.The game is good but I don't feel it like a Trine game!"
,Recommended,319910,25160471,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jc^,"Good game, Dont listen to reviews. Its recommended however could do with some improvement. At some points the camera angle could be improved apart from that its good.Melted the game in 6 hours with a friend who can get a little salty at times but even he enjoyed it.Worth a buy in the sales"
,Recommended,319910,25233901,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Charlie02 [ONWA],"I can partly understand the negative criticism towards this game. Although I have to say I disagree!Just like Trine 1 & Trine 2 this is an incredibly beautiful game where you're blown away by the scenery more than once.Yes, the game is ""not complete"". The story ends half way. But I enjoyed every minute of gameplay during that time and I do recommend this title."
76561198025825159,Recommended,319910,25670124,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,steven.sheldrake,"Outstanding game, the series has evolved with every episode and the graphics are beautiful. A wonderful addition is that you can go back to each level after completion and collect items without having to go through the whole level again, you can even  choose the checkpoint that you wish to start from and then exit that level with your progress saved - I've never seen this in a game before and it just goes to show how much thought has gone into it. My only complaint is that it's a bit short but it's well worth the money nonetheless. Can't wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,319910,25969955,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Spitney Hournsohn,"Shouldn't be named ""Trine"", but a cool game nonetheless so far. Controls took getting used to."
,Not Recommended,319910,25070658,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Arko,Unfinished ...
,Recommended,319910,24505514,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Liceis,"The series had a complicated transition from 2D to 3D-type gameplay. Some controls don't respond as well as they should on the xbox controller, but I guess that's because of the z-axis that was introduced with the change. However, if you play long enough you can adapt yourself to it and the game can be really fun to pass time, as were the previous games.Oh, and the graphics are nice.PS.: It's not worth R$ 40 (brazil's money), but it's a good game to get on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,319910,24952655,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Danya,Boring. First and second parts were much better! And 3d-world in 2d-platformer sucks!
,Recommended,319910,24963227,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,glad,"Pros:-bee-you-tee-ful as always, Frozenbyte!-3D movement and environments were very well done-loved how much more useful Zoya is versus previous Trines-the map and character-specific trials were amazing-challenging boss encounters-being able to play as the same hero at the same time on multiple characters made for interesting and fun gameplayCons:-really short, storyline felt unfinished (dlc inc?)-needs more cheesey achievements (do X thing using Y thing, etc)-more Kippo please?-Trine 2 puzzles were more challenging and entertaining-wizard felt super weak, and depth movement on boxes was a real pain (or I am bad, highly likely)-only the game host can view level stats from the map?But of course I still loved it, cuz it's freaking Trine!!! Definitely worth picking up for the stunning scenery and really fun gameplay, as always. I didn't experience any of the bugging or glitches that other reviewers mentioned at all, and I played the entirety in a private multiplayer game. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
76561198064209015,Recommended,319910,24964962,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tayne,"Trine 3 is a great looking addition to the series, and was a joy to play despite the story being shorter than the previous games. If you liked the other games, you'll like this. Just don't go in expecting full features and gametime present in the previous games.Pros:-Vivid and bright visuals-Fun puzzles-3D landscape is fun, but takes some getting used to.Cons:-Bugs (including a fair amount of connectivity issues like joining friends games. Sometimes i'd pop into a game only to find myself spectating the other player(s). And there were a few bugs in game that made the levels hard, but none were game breaking)-Lack of character skill customizations from previous games"
,Not Recommended,319910,24983886,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/zimzorz,"I tried to enjoy this game. Oh how I tried. As said by many others, this game is a great disappointment after the previous games in the series. It went from a 2D platform style game with amazing music and grapics to an attempt at a 3D game. The extra dimension is frustrating to figure out, especially when the camera switches as you run around. And even when not moving, the angle isnt great. Certain game mechanics, such as making boxes or moving things around never works as expected. The creators seem to have tried to cram to much into a game that was already great. The current price is $23.99 CDN and that is $18 more than it should be. I would NOT buy this game unless it is on some amazing sale. I managed to pick up all 3 for $9.Buy it if you want to be disappointed."
,Recommended,319910,24119003,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Stroym,"Is Trine 3 a good game? Yes. Is it a worthy successor to previous games from the series? Probably not, at least not right now. Now, I bought it just recently (July 2016), so I have fully known what I am throwing myself into and, well, I guess I expected worse.Overall I'd give Trine 3 decent 75/100, for the diminished gameplay elements as well as not being complete (as I'm understanding; it would be 85/90 were the story complete). It is a good game you should totally get, if you're a fan of the Trine series, but be prepared for... a different experience. Which doesn't necessarily mean bad, but it includes some of it.Visuals are beautiful and just simply divine, as always, same goes for music and voice acting. Absolutely lovable. No need to say anything else.The story (or at least the current part of it) is pretty neat, you finally get to know what the hell Trine actually is, but then comes the cut. Well, I get that, they've explained themselves already. Still it's a dissapointment, though I hope they'll eventually get to finish the game properly, even if I have to pay again, that's fine. (Development ain't gonna pay itself.)As for the whole 3D thing - fine by me. I personally had only minor problems adjusting to the added dimension, but it takes a while to get the hang of the new controls elements. It wasn't really necessary, but I liked it and enjoyed it nevertheless.It's something completely new in the series and I think the dev team (and art team) both did very good job. You can clearly see what new possibilities 3D brought with it. Moving around in 3D is awesome, even more so watching Zoya swing around (which you get to spectate multiple times).In Trine 2, we lost the inventory, which I personally didn't really miss, since it really didn't have that much of an impact, as far as I remember. In Trine 3, we lost the skill tree, from which some of the abilities were recycled as basic abilities of our trio, but we lost Pontius' hammer and the use of Zoya's grappling hook is a bit more restricted. Needless to say Amadeus finally packs a decent punch! ;)Unlocking skills was replaced by unlocking levels, which is honestly kinda ""meh"", as you are able to do everything all the time from the very beginning. Now you try to collect everything just to get 100%, not to get new skills. But the ""minilevels"" are a very nice addition in my opinion and they add depth to the characters themselves as well as some more fun in a slightly different form.Difficulty settings are gone as well, which is a pity. I miss the challenge of H&H (and I hope we will eventually get it), but I'll try to keep it out of my opinion.Considering ""normal"" playing, we got new system regarding death and hp and I must say it feels pretty good. There was always little challenge regarding combat or dangerous jumps while playing outside of hardcore, so we might as well make it more convinient. To put it bluntly, you basically respawn right where you died (almost) and hp of our trio regenerates.As for enemies, we've got ourselves a fine new addition: casters placing quite punishing AoEs on the ground, so sometimes you've gotta dance. ^^Also I did love the boss; that's one example of 3D shining bright. Not overly hard, but requiring some observance and tactics, maybe even most of all the Trine bosses to this date. Very enjoyable fight. Keep them coming. ^^As for the puzzles, I don't think I've ever had some big trouble with them in any of the three games, but 3D certainly adds something to the mix.Collecting all colectibles was certainly easier here because of a new feature, ""checkpoints"" with displayed number of collectibles in each section. I must say I liked it, since it removed a lot of frustration of going through a level multiple times trying to get literally everywhere and still not being able to miss something. But I must say it also reduces the challenge and makes collecting everything significally easier (which is in my opinion easy enough as is) and less exclusive. The loss of secrets was painful, though."
,Recommended,319910,26921770,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hero for fun csgolive.com,In my life I have played at least 500 different games and this is by far one of my favourites of all timeVisuals are stunning and will last forever and will never appear outdatedGameplay is casual arcade style but puzzling and action packed all at the same time
76561198040974860,Recommended,319910,23970934,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xo,Its a good game on its own.  Initially i wanted to give a less positive review because of the comparison to trine 1-2. But after completing it my overall experience was positive.You have to realise that trine3 doesnt build upon trine2s complexity. You have less skills and easier puzzles. Trine 3 is a more streamlined experience.+Art+Music+Level design+ROPE+-3D was OK-Puzzles-Skills-Length (not a huge deal for me personally but its on the shorter side)-Level gatingI didnt pay attention to the story so i cant comment on that.
,Recommended,319910,27983991,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cauchemar,"Despite of all its (literal) shortcomings, Trine 3 is still a beautiful expedition into a magical fantasy world that never ceases to wow me.For a more detailed review please check out myVideo Impression."
,Not Recommended,319910,28347204,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,{HT-01}Siggeman,A sad end to a great Game Series. Trine 1 and Trine 2 are great games Trine 3 is to short and to easy. It´s still a fun game.
76561198159582366,Recommended,319910,28275891,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,DrSnuffy,"Trine 3 is an absolutly beautiful game.  After having played the first two I was worried that the transition to a 3d world would not be good but it was well done.  The biggest issue is the story, it ends halfway with no dlc or expanstion in sight to finish it. If you want a gorgeous and solid puzzle platformer Trine 3 is worth picking up while on sale but with how short the game is and the story not being anywhere close to finished it isn't worth full price."
76561197998920356,Recommended,319910,28165145,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Brynosaurus,"This is an amazing, groundbreaking game.  The developers obviously took a significant risk with the new fully 3D controls and I commend them for doing so: it must have taken an insane amount of work getting this right, but they pulled it off brilliantly.  Yes, it does take a while to get the hang of fully 3D navigation and in particular figuring out what depth you're at compared to where you want to land (or who you want to attack).  In this sense Trine 3 might actually be slightly ahead of its time: I suspect that this depth-perception difficulty will be significantly mitigated once 3D displays and/or VR headsets become more ubiquitous (probably not long now).  However, through highly-polished level design and controls, I found the game consistently extremely enjoyable and rarely frustrating (only in one or two places) despite the occasional depth-guessing challenges.And yes, it is a bit shorter than the earlier ones, but the developers did such an incredible job on what's there that I find it hard to fault them for the slightly shorter game.  And as with the prior games, every part of every level is absolutely gorgeous; sometimes I just feel like running around and looking at the scenery.  The puzzles are clever and fun to solve, and the collectable ""Trineangles"" are often cleverly placed but generally with adequate clues.  The game provides plenty of replay value for anyone dedicated enough to try and hunt down and collect them all."
76561197976618809,Recommended,319910,28199807,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,hanzworld,"I was quite wary of Trine being put into a more 3D like environment, as even some big names like Tomb Raider and Assassins Creed can end up with weird camera angles and controls that you have to munch to get that weird not-quite-45-degree-angle-jump... but I was very pleasantly surprised. Trine 3 reminded me a lot of the smarts of Super Mario Paper when it first came out in terms of some puzzles having to make you think laterally in the dimensions (not in a big way, just pleasant surprises), and I very rarely had any issues with weird character control given the in three dimensions.While the key mappings have changed to accomodate the three dimensions, they all make sense, and I found the story just as enjoyable (if not more) than the last 2.A well deserved addition to the Trine family, and don't let the shift in format put you off - they've done it quite well, I've been hooked since I started til I finished it."
,Not Recommended,319910,28889492,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Francium,"I Knew the game had gotten some hate from going 3D and being shorter than what was expected but thought since I enjoyed the first 2 so much I'd give it a shot.  In the end I'm returning the game.My biggest gripe was moving objects like the box front to back while standing still as the wizard.  I'm not sure if there is a better way than what I was trying but several of the puzzles for boxes I would have to end up repositioning myself multiple times just to get the box to move in the direction I wanted.  Stacking boxes was another challenge.  I'm assuming that later in the game you will have to stack boxes 3-4 high to solve puzzles and again, the 3D movement was clunky.The art was great, models were well done and I still love the astetics of the game.  If controls were a bit more fluid or they stuck with 2D i would have been much happier."
,Recommended,319910,31111134,Posted: 12 April,all,Ænglisc Hammer,"I bested the first two prequels and just began playing this installment. I haven't played the first two in over three years, yet the controls were as easy as riding a bike for me. I missed this game greatly. Everything from the music to the action and the scenery is flawless. The combat is fluid and the storyline is captivating. If you fancy story-driven games, this game, nay, this series is for you. It is worth every penny."
76561198044855663,Recommended,319910,28304512,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Leozoro,Played this game with a friend and enjoyed it a lot.  If you like puzzle games then you should really check out any of the Trine series not just this one.
,Not Recommended,319910,29065909,Posted: 6 January,all,gilgatex,"EDIT:  After playing all the way through the game, I had to change my review to not recommended.  The game got more and more buggy as we got near the end, and the end abruptly stopped, as if they didn't finish the game.  Really disappointing.--------------- Original review:First of all, after reading all the negative reviews of this game I went into it with pretty low expectations.  I had 2 friends and we set off to play all three Trines, in order.My thoughts (for what they're worth):- It still feels like a Trine game.  Wizard still throws blocks around, fighter still kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and thief still defies gravity.  Wizard can now slam blocks, which makes him not so useless in battle.- It says it's full 3d, but that would be like saying Double Dragon is 3d, in that you can move closer and further from the camera as needed.  The levels are still linear.- It is BUGGY.  It feels more like a beta than a polished game.  We often tried to start a level and one of us would be excluded from the game because another had somehow taken control of two characters at once.  When the wizard grabs objects, it will often get flung across the screen in a buggy fashion.  Also: clipping through objects galore.  On the plus side, this sometimes makes for some pretty hilarious situations.  In some levels we also didn't know we all had to stand in the same spot to exit, and no message told us either.  Lots of wasted time when we thought there was a puzzle we were missing.- No upgrades like in Trine 2.  You get your one or two tricks for your character and that's it.- Yes, it is short, but it doesn't feel much shorter than the other Trine games to me.- Yes, the puzzles are easier than the other Trine games, but you still have to pause and think for a couple of them.Bottom line, if you like the other Trine games and can put up with a fair amount of bugginess, then you should get this game, but ONLY if it's on sale.  Probably for less than $10.  This is not definitely not a $22 game."
,Not Recommended,319910,31180238,Posted: 16 April,all,[CTF]Waffle,They literally are just milking us fans on money. The game i mechanically finnished but not storywise. The game just ends halfway through the story line.
,Recommended,319910,31285625,Posted: 21 April,all,Blue Dragon,"Beat it in 4 hours, great game! Needs more levels, got a cliffhanger for Trine 4. If they even release it! Only buy on a heavy sale."
76561197970861139,Recommended,319910,31219544,Posted: 18 April,all,Anrita,"Like the other Trine games, this is a puzzle platformer featuring a wizard, thief, and knight.  Unlike the previous games, Trine 3 features a fully 3D environment and does away with character progression / customization.  Characters generally feel like stripped down versions of their former selves, but the thief has a new ability to tie objects together with rope, leading to some very interesting possibilities.  The 3D movement looks very nice, and can lead to some interesting combat (especially the final boss fight), but takes some getting used to and often feels unnecessary.  I feel like another 2D game would have been better, especially since the story ends abruptly with the villain still at large and the heroes having accomplished very little... as though development took longer than expected, and the full game couldn't be completed due to time/budget constraints.  All told, I don't like Trine 3 as much as I liked previous Trine games, but I still like it... and hopefully I'll have the chance to finish it someday."
,Recommended,319910,30683682,Posted: 23 March,all,✪ JyNτTä,4/5
,Recommended,319910,20748182,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lt. Huntsman,"I don't understand all these negative reviews, the game was freaking amazing. The only cons that I can think of are that the story was way too short for my liking and that it was unfinished. Otherwise it was fun as hell (played with a friend through all the chapters). It does differ from the other Trine games quite a bit, but it's not a bad thing in this case. I personally liked the direction where the developers went with this one.8,5/10 -The story was cut short, otherwise it was breddy good."
76561198017058376,Recommended,319910,32194102,Posted: 5 June,all,eKo-ZeniTh,Not as good as Trine and Trine 2. Trine 2 still the best.  Still recommend it.
,Not Recommended,319910,32190018,Posted: 4 June,all,CaLi,"Worst game in the trine series. I thought Trine 2 was a little buggy, but this game surpasses it with bugs ranging from basic controls to animations. Only reason I bought it because it was on sale with the other trine games, so I can't even get a refund. What a waste."
,Not Recommended,319910,29127411,Posted: 8 January,all,Fireman,"Only 4 hours with 100% achievmentNo more hardcore (Used to be a challenge with my friends)No more increased difficulty (normal)Scenario doesn't ""End""rip off even 5€"
,Not Recommended,319910,28105961,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fluxx,"With a bit more time, this could have been a great game. But now it's just a hint of what could have been."
76561197981294625,Recommended,319910,28411166,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,.:SocraM:.,"A fun and entertaining game.It is short and does not lack its share of annoying glitches.But if you do not buy it at full price, I think it is worth your time.I finished it in 8 hours, 100% completion, with friends.It is an excellent way of spending time in a LAN party with 2 of your friends,"
,Not Recommended,319910,29014697,Posted: 4 January,all,Jott,"I bought the Trinelogy bundle during sale and really enjoyed Trine 1 and 2. I heard some discouraging stories about the third part already but I basically went in blind. It's not necessarily bad but the 3D environment adds nothing to the game except making it more confusing. I'm not an platformer expert but in contrast to Trine 2 I found this extremely easy, especially if you take into account gathing all the collectibles.In contrast to what other people write in their reviews: You can switch characters but not in all of the levels. There are some parts which are only designed for one of the heroes. The ability tree from the first two games is missing. You have all your skills from the beginning. This feels especially bad for Amadeus since he can only conjure and move one box. That's right, no more ridiculous tower building.As you can see on my playtime (I even went to dinner while keeping the game running) it is quite short and this playthrough was enough to get all the achievements including all the so called challenges. My biggest gripe is that the story just ends after killing the first boss you encounter. I started the last mission on the map and was confused why it would be the last mission. After killing the boss Amadeus states that the next stop would be the land of giants and they walk away from the dead boss. I thought at first 'Yeah, a new world map!' but then the credits rolled ... I mean seriously? This game is in the second year and there is not even a DLC to conclude the story?I'm giving this game a negative review because it's simply not worth the price tag. If you can pick it up on sale or even better as part of the Trinelogy (provided you don't have the other games already) go ahead. For 2-3 Bucks it will keep you entertained for a day or two."
,Recommended,319910,28967390,Posted: 2 January,all,wendydroid,Never played the first one but love this as much as 2! Love the 3D and the environment and audiobis amazing as always :) I hope they make more!!!
,Recommended,319910,28929134,Posted: 1 January,all,ScreamingCat,"I played this game alone, Full 3D took some time to get used to, but it's still funPuzzle and story of the game is done well, fight is quite easy, the only problem is we didn't get to finish the story, does that mean DLC coming or Trine 4?"
76561198172187265,Not Recommended,319910,29132175,Posted: 8 January,all,Yuri Elise,"This game is super glitchy, very short, and stops unexpectedly. It was fun to play with friends despite the issues.  I hope the next one is longer and less glitchy"
76561198160086384,Recommended,319910,29258615,Posted: 14 January,all,Blue,"The Soundtrack was simply amazing and pretty much saved the game for me honestly.Otherwise it felt like an early access- game... 3D was definitely not a move to make :D Sadly, it had potential but not quite followed through..."
76561198115568453,Recommended,319910,31010314,Posted: 7 April,all,AzzA,"Awesome fun coop game for the family, shame about limited content."
76561198037891234,Recommended,319910,29279098,Posted: 15 January,all,Trick-Ass Marc,"I'm not usually one for writing reviews but I'm making an exception here because of the large amount of negative feedback.I almost didn't play Trine 3 at all, because many of the reviews state that if you liked part 1 and 2, you won't like the last installment. But while the 3d aspect certainly is different, it isn't at all BAD. In fact, so far I've had just as much, partly even more fun with this game than with its predecessors. While I thought the puzzles in Trine 2 were getting a bit repetitive, I've seen nothing but new problems and solutions in Trine 3 so far. Also, the wizard can no longer lift objects with another playing standing on them, which is great, because that's how I solved 80% of the puzzles in Trine 1 & 2. Overall, great game, certainly worth the money when it's on sale or in a bundle."
76561198038384864,Recommended,319910,32292838,Posted: 9 June,all,Blue,Fun game with local co-op with 3 players. Replayability is good. I expect to sink many hours into this.
76561198006436787,Recommended,319910,32227473,Posted: 6 June,all,Zippit,"A little short, but still fun!Looking forward to Trine 4 (which I hope will come)."
,Not Recommended,319910,32246106,Posted: 7 June,all,ETRerdi,buy 1-2 dont buy this one its 3d looks cool but u dont have any ability and story is suck buy only if u are rich and if  u like 3d games + gameplay is only 3-4 hour with bonus lvls so easy to end it
,Recommended,319910,32730112,Posted: 24 June,all,Basibozuk,"The game looks absolutely amazing. Gameplay downgraded a lot but it is also promising and the worst ending among all trine games. Boss fights almost extremely easy. Overall the game is worth playing, i enjoyed playing the game. Buy the game when it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,319910,32625828,Posted: 21 June,all,Energizer,"The current state of this game is absolutely unacceptable. The gameplay is incredible short (20€ is an outraging price...). The game ends somewhere around one third of the story. There is absolutely no system of leveling (even if it had you wouldn't level much given the length of the game...). And... is increadibly full of bugs.This would be borderline acceptable for an early access game, but for a finished product at full price? It isn't worth a single penny!"
,Recommended,319910,33697193,Posted: 21 July,all,Sawprah,"I love the Trine series. This one was another great addition. I wouldn't say it's the best, but it's still a great game.Pros:-Interesting and fun story line along with great narrating-Charming and charismatic characters-Beautiful scenery and levels-Satisfying puzzle solvingCons:-Short, SHORT story line-Unsatisfying ending-Combat is bland and clunky-EasyAll in all, this is a very relaxing and rewarding game. It's not a headache, it's straight forward, and very easy. I wish the story was longer and didn't end the way it did. The combat was a breeze if you just played as Pontius. Which i guess makes sense since he is a warrior.I definitely recommend this game and this series to anyone. It's a great story that is going to continue in future games."
,Recommended,319910,33572715,Posted: 15 July,all,1nvidia /ignis•Dei/,"This game takes a whole new steps from the series. Like Trine 1 and Trine 2, the visual and soundtrack of this game is still great. 3D element was an exciting addition, like a whole new perspective was opened.That saying, I got annoyed with the controls at first, especially with what they done to Amadeus' and Zoya's controls. The puzzles are, compared to the first 2 game, relatively easy. I also dislike the fact that they removed character's growth - no more level up or gaining new abilities. They also removed items. Also this is shorter than Trine 2.Nevertheless, still a good game. I got trouble the first time I am running it but was able to work it out. I greatly recommend to get it with Trine 1 and Trine 2 in bundle, rather than getting it alone."
,Recommended,319910,33598187,Posted: 16 July,all,(TW)genuine,good ! good ! good
76561198072155841,Recommended,319910,33806625,Posted: 26 July,all,zeranixaimar,"It is hard to decide whether I should give Trine 3 a positive or negative review.As compared to its prequels, it is highly disappointing to most of its fans. However, if you have never played Trine 1 or 2, this game is still enjoyable and has its prominent advantages.Pros:Aesthetically beatiful as alwaysInteresting and fantasy-style scenesNice music, voice acting and sound effectsAchievements are easy to complete (thanks to sub-chapter selection)Cons:The new 2.5 dimensional view with ever-changing camera angle makes it very hard to determine where the character will land, causing a lot of accidental deathsSmall yet annoying bugs, for example, the mouse cursor may become windows pointer in some region of the game scene, and when you click in this state, the game lagsUnsatisfying optmization, frame rate drops in some scene for no obvious reasonThe story is way too short, only 7 stages + 1 boss fight, and it ends suddenly when you retrieve only one of the three artifacts.As for the conclusion, I only recommend this game when it is heavily discounted."
76561197970799452,Recommended,319910,34483953,Posted: 25 August,all,ENecross,"This game was an excelent contiunation of the Trine Franchise. When playing the game i felt right at home and was able to adapt to the controls very quickly. The art style of the game is a wonderful collage of bright colors in bright areas and dark colors in dark areas. The only downside to the game was I felt as if it ended too soon and left me feeling unfulfilled.Overall, this is a great game that is suitable for all ages."
,Recommended,319910,34600073,Posted: 30 August,all,Anton Games123,Yes it's a bit short and the ending wasn't what you would want but it was fun to play! If you  you want more out of it you can go back and 100% it or play it again with friends or anyone! I liked every aspect of this game and am a massive fan of the Trine franchise! The only thing that was a let down was that there was no skill tree.8/10------
,Recommended,319910,30258744,Posted: 1 March,all,Despotas,Not so good as Trine 1 and 2 but still a decent game.Really short though and the 3D not so engaging.
76561198031929890,Recommended,319910,35031934,Posted: 17 September,all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,"I enjoyed the game despite it being a departure from the first two. It is short, i beat it in 5 hours and most people seem to say its about 3, however that didn't detract from the game for me when bought at a sale price.The ending though... they could have at least put in text to finish off the story.  That just felt, and from what i read, it was, unfinished."
76561198092983474,Recommended,319910,35138794,Posted: 22 September,all,Nova,"Awesome game. Yes, it changed a lot from what Trine 1 and 2 were but the 3d movement opens up a lot more opportunities to have fun. Solo it is boring, so get someone to tag along and enjoy it for what it is."
76561198048483672,Recommended,319910,35138805,Posted: 22 September,all,Scarwolf,"PLAY THIS GAME WITH A FRIEND, It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun, this is the Game of Trolls, enjoy killing and making this game a nightmare for your friends."
76561197992453705,Recommended,319910,18273757,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,The last time my comp crashed it also appeared to delete my progress in game which seemed odd.The camera doesn't follow the player so you'll eventually walk out of screen and possibly die. The 3D also makes it more difficult to platform when you can't see where you'll land.They took away from Amadeus the ability to draw the boxes and pretty much everything else. The skills aren't there anymore which bugs me.Zoya doesn't wear the veil anymore which makes her less attractive and mysterious.It's a good game but not as good as Trine 1 & 2.
