user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,319970,18229900,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Beldera,"Firstly: this is a visual novel - More ""Heavy Rain"" than L.A. Noire"". I completed it in a very relaxed one to two hour game play session. You are essentially choosing your dialogue and, occasionally, your response actions. The screen shots above are indicative of the play area you find yourself in. It DOES have a ""hold alt to highlight all things you can interact with"", so pixel-hunting is non-existant. (Pressing tab leaves it on permanently).There is minimal voice acting and sound effects, but I don't find reading the text to be a chore (and the text is used to enhance the atmosphere) so I appreciate that they have better things to do with their money than do an ""OK"" VA job .To be honest, I'm not sure how many of my choices matter in the long run. Games like these live or die by their ability to tell a good story.  So far, the game delivers.Update: It continues it do well in the second episode."
,Recommended,319970,13463733,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,VioletShadow,"As only one episode is out, this recommendation is tentative. Noir style, very atmospheric, good visual presentation, plays like interactive fiction similar to Telltale latest ""adventure"" games. The story is solid with a few interesting choices along the way so we'll have to see if those have any impact on future episodes. It is very short, less than 2 hours to finish but has some replayability value with most objectives having more than one possible approach."
76561198055193996,Recommended,319970,12855812,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,popla,"This is a crime noir graphic novel/point and click detective story in which you play as multiple characters to solve the crime.Like The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, the choices you make will have an effect on the story (and what achievements you earn) and for this reason definitely has replay value. There are multiple profiles to make use of too for saving those extra playthroughs.It is quite short, took me just under two hours to complete this once but you do get more playtime out of it by replaying to try out the diferent choices of course. Replays are a must if you want to get all the achievements, as they are tied to the choices you make, so can't all be got in one playthrough.I really enjoyed this, enough so to go straight back in after my first play to try different choices (and to try to get those achievements I didn't get first time round). The story and characters developed well enough to keep me interested and wanting more.I also like the comic book style graphics, they are done really well - especially the black and white scenes.This is just episode one and I am very much looking forward to episode two to see how the story unfolds. I think this has a lot of potential to be right up there with the Telltale games.If you are a fan of the recent Telltale games, crime stories or the comic book style it's definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,319970,20196773,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Canna,"I'm not a huge fan of visual novels, but this one has a such a great way of laying out the story and timing their frames during cutscenes just makes me blow all kinds of loads. The game has a great way of setting the atmosphere, with the great soundtrack, the good character work and the choices you have to make sometimes.Overall, the game has a very Noire feeling to it and will appeal mostly to point-and-click and cinematic game fans who focus more on the story. The visual style is, for the most part, nice looking, and it manages to make you feel emotions despite the animated nature of the characters. Really wish we could get a season pass for this!I recommend this to any fan of detective games and point-and-clickers, and will most likely also be appreciated by fans of cinematic games."
,Recommended,319970,16236483,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,rolig,"I love it.I skimmed through some other reviews here and I get the impression some people come into the game with the wrong thing in mind. That's not their fault, everything has it's demographic. This is quite similar to a choose your own adventure, but with fantastic art and interactivity that makes it much more satisfying. The story is good enough that it sticks with you. Like a decent short novel or something. It's not an action game, or even a puzzle game. It's a story, an experience.The first episode has a great climax and ending, and left me wanting more immediately. The ending of the second was quite sudden to me, and I was a little bit disappointed.The art in the second isn't as nice in my view. I'm not an artist, but I feel like some of the art used was a draft that ended up as the final piece due to deadlines. There was also some mismatch in the characters depictions in different areas of the game. Character X in a scene sometimes looked different once they were in a conversation and at the forefront of the screen. One officer was wearing a different outfit. I think one persons skin colour changed. Mostly it seemed to be different interpretations of the same character. It's a shame, because the first episode had art that really impressed me, that I could stare at for ages. Staring at the art of the second mainly brought inconsistencies to mind.There were also several glitches I experienced with episode 2. My save game wasn't used initially and sometimes the characters in scenes would walk in areas they wern't meant to (like the roof), and I see others had more issues too. The developers have released several updates addressing all the known issues, provided steps to remedy problems, and are generally active in the steam discussions.Overall I think episode 1 is AMAZING and episode 2 was rushed, but good nonetheless. Realise small dev teams don't have the luxury of being able to extend development time indefinitely. Bills have to be paid.I absolutely recommend both episodes if my first paragraph describes something you could enjoy (story game, not action game, etc). Reward good developers.It's worth nothing that the game is short. My 4 hour playtime was me taking my time, though I havn't replayed with different choices as some people do. I was satisfied with what I got from this and clearly the length of the game is limited by what is feasible with the type of the game (art HEAVY), and the manpower of the developers.With context, some leniency for circumstances and such, 8.5/10?Compared to a perfect game, 7.5/10?"
,Not Recommended,319970,24497554,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"AboutShort interactive visual novel where you get to make choices about what happens next. You play as different characters throughout the story. Sometimes you can also examine the scene for clues, which will open up more options and story paths. Some scenes involve time-sensitive mouse gestures (e.g. lockpicking, tackling someone in a fight, etc).Short reviewWouldn't recommend this game unless it's extremely heavily discounted (got mine for S$0.65 and still feel it could be lower for the quality and enjoyment it provided). It's very rough around the edges: the illustration (especially of people's faces) is amateurish, there are some irritating glitches & bugs, plot is very so-so (and with parts that don't make sense), and it's really short (30 minutes at most for a single playthrough). But it's nicely presented: in comic format with nice colouring. The sound is also good. They try to make everything seem as dramatic and immersive as possible.Long reviewBuggy, glitchy, very slow- The first time I ran the game, it took so long to start up (it showed just a black screen) that I thought the game had hung. This proved to be the norm. Usual wait is around 30-40 seconds for me, before the menu shows.- On one of the screens where you can move up or down, the hand cursor doesn't work, so you can't scroll.- On some screens, your mouse cursor will just disappear from time to time. It only reappears if you move your mouse around till it hits a hotspot. This was majorly irritating, especially in one of the scenes which was time sensitive (you couldn't see where your cursor was, so you couldn't react!).- After clicking on a hotspot, your mouse returns to the centre of the screen, instead of continuing from where the hotspot area was. This, again, is really annoying because you have to keep recalibrating the position of your mouse.Really short- A single playthrough takes around 30 minutes max.No real choice- After several playthroughs, I realised thatno matter what you choose, almost all subplots will have the same outcome. And the episode always ends the same way.Plot doesn't quite make sense for some choices- E.g.It's still possible for the child molester to go free even though he blatantly assaults the cops. Shouldn't he at least get some jail time for this?!Story is nothing special at all- It's your very average, very conventional detective story. With all your stereotypical cookie-cutter characters:beat-up, jaded protagonist; trusty, go-by-the-book sidekick; former baddie who's turned his life around and is now a police informant; naive rookie cop who's still got a lot of fight; Russian syndicate; Mexican drug dealers, etc.- Episode 1 is to be continued, but I feel absolutely zero sense of urgency or need to move on to Episode 2. I think that's because the story is just not interesting and looking to be very predictable right now. For want of a better word, there's no ""kick"", or ""X-factor"" if you will.Artwork could use tons of improvement- The environments and backgrounds were ok, but people's faces were another thing altogether. You get children drawn like adults, Chinese guys drawn like Caucasians (I seriously had no idea they were Chinese until the plot specifically said so), and a Latino guy drawn like someone-who's-not-Latino. I really couldn't tell at all, becauseall the people have the same kinds of generic faces.- Some people especially, were drawn really ugly. E.g. Joe Miller, Kate the cop, etc. And their facial expressions suck.ConclusionAll that having been said though, I do appreciate that the developers tried to make this something that worked. As I mentioned, the presentation format is the best thing this game has going for it. The final product lacks polish and screams amateur (especially with all its bugs and glitches), butI'm still willing to give the next few episodes a try if they are low enough in price."
,Not Recommended,319970,16111572,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Inaluogh,"I bought both episodes on sale and finished the first episode before it was an hour. Between 30 mins to 60 mins the episode is over. It's an interactive comic book at best. Since it is like a comic book, it has no voice acting. Only music. Now, the game is not horrible. But the problem is, this game is not worth its asking price. If you can't buy this on a sale (which i think it is still too prices for the time you get to play it), don't buy it. It is a complete rip off. It won't take you 60 mins to finish an episode. So you are basically paying 10 bucks to read a 45-50 mins long visual novel.If it was longer and more interactive, it would be an amazing game, but the way it is, it is mediocre at best."
76561198025093178,Recommended,319970,32345529,Posted: 11 June,all,ihKu47,"A nice shortish drama game. It has rough edges, especially in art and animation some times, but the writing, the audio and the visual style create a pretty gripping experience well worth your time."
76561198084595516,Not Recommended,319970,14418942,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bludkill,"This is basically a static comic book, where you get a few extra panels (at most) depending on what ""choices"" you make. I put ""choices"" in quotation marks, because none of them make any real difference. You get the same story regardless of what you choose. Even the conversations are the same, with only superficial changes before you're railroaded into the same dialogue. In fact, your character will usually end up saying the same things, regardless of what you suggest.Moreover, given that it's a static graphical novel, the writing and grammar aren't actually that good, with grammatical errors such as comma splices and unnecessary apostrophes (e.g. ""drive by's"") throughout. Honestly, it might be worth playing through once for 0,99€, but only if you like interactive novels. I wouldn't pay anything near the retail price.EDIT: Grammar. Unlike the developers, I fixed my errors."
76561198025087928,Recommended,319970,32986461,Posted: 29 June,all,UnOriginal_Bastard,"Think of it as a low grade interactive comic spinoff from the TV show ""The wire"".A sort of choose-your-own-adventure graphic novel. Split across 3 chapters you get to play as several different characters as their stories intertwine at different points. The presentation is pretty well done for the budget and while the game does involve a fair amount of reading, the writing overall is high enough to keep your interest. At times you will groan with some of the generic bad guy lines that are used, but it's not a deal breaker. There's no voice overs but that's probably a good thing considering the game has plenty of different ethnic characters and it most likely would have sounded corny.All the characters are somewhat flawed to make them a bit easier to relate to and how their actions play out. While you do get to control the characters at certain points (e.g checking out a crime scene, finding clues and working out what happened) you are led down a fairly narrow path on how you can alter the underlying nature of the story. You'll only notice this issue if you replay the game several times though. For example at the very beginning you are are choosing how 2 police officers enter an apartment to investigate/catch a suspect. While there are 3 odd choices in how to tackle it, with another quick time event (pass/fail makes no difference) and a further 5-10 choices amongst it all, either way you'll end up cuffing the suspect (regardless if you choose the most reckless path and he gets the jump on you). However I will note as you proceed further through chapter 2 and 3 there are a few different scenarios and endings that can play out based on your actions. There is plenty of grey area moral choices throughout the game and while most are an illusion it still feels like you have entire control on how everything plays out.If you play through the entire story in one go you'll enjoy the trip. There are some minor bugs (characters walking with wrong animation or missing textures) these are very few and far between and overall do not damage the experience. I didn't experience any game crashes and all the achievments popped.Total game time (depending on how quick you read and how much you examine all the environments) would probably be in the 3-5 hr timeframe (to complete all 3 chapters). To 100% the game achievements you'll need a bit longer on top of that to basically go through every different choice and ending the game has to offer. You'll also probably get a bit annoyed with how slowly the characters walk when you want them to move from spot to spot. It can be painful when you forgot something and need to wander back to other locations.On sale definitely worth a look if you enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,319970,13613656,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dana,"If you want a detective game with a very nice artwork/comic-like presentation, noir vibe and dark atmosphere and also have a great story and is easy to play with, this is the game for you.*Note: The story's extremely short and don't play this when you're feeling sleepy, it will make you a lot more sleepy. Did it and totally regretted it."
,Recommended,319970,12679077,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,[32nd Cpt] gurudennis,"The first episode of this point-and-click story-driven procedural police drama is now available to play, and frankly I can't wait for the second one to come out.The game is comparable in spirit to a mix of Police Quest with The Walking Dead, minus inventory management. Your choices seem to really matter and one has to role play to achieve the ""best"" results here. The narrative is engaging and somewhat dramatic, although not without its flaws such as failure to explain some of the connections or character motives to the fullest. But don't let that put you off, as this game is an excellent example of how audiovisual aesthetics come together perfectly with well designed mechanics to deliver a beautiful comeback of this underappreciated genre.In summary, this is a sweet deal that I'm happy to have taken, especially for just $6 (or your regional equivalent)."
,Recommended,319970,28789921,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,yummycake_xian,"The DetailRecommended for those are into detective and crime stories, choice-matter plot and western style artwork.Note :  I had just finished my episode 2, haven’t bought the 3rd story yet.TL;DR versionItems (Alphabetically)Score (1-3/3)Control and Gameplay2/3Fun Factor3/3Graphic3/3Replayability Value2/3Sound2/3Story2/3Value for Full Price3/3LONG VERSION1. Control and Gameplay : basically point and click system using mouse (not gamepad compatible). The game UI is designed that could be toggled on/off. Seamless and minimum loading screen even at maximum setting in graphic.At some point in the game, there are a few choices that need you actively moving your mouse.But somehow the movement of the character is not necessary for this point and click game (which every single discoverable item is kinda toggelable).2. Fun Factor : personally like the choice-matter plot and the presentation of story they made in a moving comic-like format. Playing non stop and time flew by.3. Graphic : the western comic style is really goes well with the crime story, the color scheme is vibrant, little bit minus for the small details of items in the game (like the glass of drink etc). The artwork is high quality, every character design is distinguishable one from another.4. Replayability Value : there are several options but not changing the outcome in major ways, still you need to complete all branch to get the achievement and unlock different speech5. Sound : quite good, music matches the scene they prepare. But nothing special beside the music and they are not that memorable.6. Story : I personally like the story and the branching and the dialogues (some are pretty funny in serious moments), but I don't find the story is very unique. Just another detective and crime story. With typical characters as well.I like how we being more than one character, to get the in depth story and overall grip, but it kinda makes me subjective at times.7. Value for Full Price : to support the great indie developers out there, why not? But it's kinda pricey if you want them to be completed though, because you need to buy dlc's and probably season two (and onwards). I got mine at discounts.Thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,319970,29285451,Posted: 15 January,all,Mike,"Pro:+ Nice artstyle (especially the black and white art)*+ Well written story line+ 'Short' game+ Get's better in episode 2 and 3+ Click and point adventure without tedious puzzles**Con:- No voice acting- slow pace at times (both control and story wise)Verdict: A noir comic game, that starts out a bit slow but is definitely recommended if you like comics and/or the Noir genre. Feels quite similar to the wolf among us by Telltale games.* Personally I found the character art a little bit off putting, but it either got better in the later episodes or I arranged myself with them.** There is some running back and forth at times, but it is really rare"
76561198051352552,Recommended,319970,12706636,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wasp,"The Detail has an interesting, mature crime story with believable characters. The artstyle draws heavily on comic books, which looks absolutely amazing (especially the intro). There is no voice acting; it seems like a good designer choice because of the brooding, ambient noir music which sets the tone for most of the scenes. The visual clues can be turned on or off at will, which is a nice touch.Thankfully, there are not too many quick time events; the focus is very much on the story, characters and choices and consequences.Very much recommended for people who like games like The Walking Dead or just a good crime adventure."
,Recommended,319970,13946150,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,E R I C   S H A U N,"As a big fan of click and Point games, I bought this game more or less ""blindly"" at the last Xmax Steam sale. The fact that this is a ""realistic"" Detective/Murder Case story without any magic or mystic things, turned me quite on and made me consider to buy it.The Artwork is brilliant, its like reading an interactive comic - with some grudgy black and white shorts and some minigames (while fighting, lock picking, etc.)The story is well written and keeps you interested, not to forgett there are several ways to play this story in terms of choices. I am very curious to see if those choice affects the next episodes, but I would interpret the of the game ""The Detail"" as a ""YES"".Only downside (for me) is the lack of sounds, there is only this melodramatic music in the background (which me reminds somehow of Diablo 2 at certain ""locations"")The other downside is the quite short play time - with nearly 2 hours. - Well at least you can play it several times if your hunting achivements and want to see all possibilities.Over all, I enjoyed this game and am glad, that I added it to my still growing steam library :)"
76561198118362449,Not Recommended,319970,14306323,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,nathan.nf84,"The graphics make it feel like you're interactively reading a comic book--whether that's good or bad is a taste preference.I liked the concept of taking the active role of multiple characters throughout the story.BUT...the story is terrible. The characters are beyond cliche (grizzled old cop that wishes things were the way they were before, the former gangbanger that has ""gone clean"" because he has a wife and a daughter but keeps getting dragged back in to jobs because of a police deal, etc. And are the main two partnered cops one old white guy and one old black guy? You know it!). Aside from all being cliches, the other consistency among all the characters is that they are all unlikable. In this choose-your-own-adventure style of storytelling, the whole point is that you should have SOME control over how the characters interact with others. But more often than not, regardless of your choices, all the characters are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to everyone they encounter.Furthermore, the philosophy behind the story is painfully clear: the inner city is full of scum, and we need to give more unquestioned power and funding to cops so that they can go kill all the Bad Guys.If that's your (simplistic) opinion, fine. If you want to make an ""interactive"" game that only serves to reinforce that opinion, fine. But AT LEAST add some new element to your story or characters, instead of rehashing the same old ""clean up the streets"" story with the same old predictably boring characters."
,Recommended,319970,31166869,Posted: 15 April,all,RedDreadnaught,"I like The Detail for the very reasons some don't like it:  motion-comic presentation, omnipresent minor key music, and common police-procedural tropes.  You get to play from the perspectives of both a jaded veteran detective, and a former criminal trying to lay low for his family.  Within each of these, you can choose to either use violence, or try and talk your way into and out of situations.  I'm not sure that the episodes end differently either way, but the Steam achievements vary.  The police-procedural runs on a successful formula that has spawned nearly 20 years of Law&Order, CSI, NCIS, Criminal Minds, etc.  There's nothing really new here, but it's all put together pretty well for a noirish point/click experience.  Maybe wait for a sale, because I finished both episodes 1 and 2 in a total of about 3 hours."
,Recommended,319970,22931342,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Rachel#SendMeYourUnwantedCoupons,"Very interesting game. Too bad the devs decided to cut the game short from 5 eps to 3. They could have worked better on the story with 5 eps. That decision happened because the game sales are low. And they didn't sell much because they released 1 ep per year. Too many bad decisions... still worth to play. The artwork is very nice and your choices do matter. The story is very cool and I would like to know what happens next. Hope they decide to at least make a 2nd season. Would buy for sure. Be aware that the game does not have multiple saves, so you will have to play it multiple times to get all achievements."
,Recommended,319970,24322453,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,normalsauce,"I really loved the atmosphere and characterization here. The story was good and replays for achievements were interesting.It's buggy as heck tho, especially if you try to use the auto-dialogue feature or when you're doing replays. Lots of freezes/crashes. Nothing that prevented me from completing the game, but it required patience."
,Recommended,319970,13234140,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,I really liked this game. I hope the enxt chapters continue with the superb story. The options on how to play are plenty and meaningful. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,319970,21051994,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Gledster,"Just finished the first two episodes and I have to say, I'm very impressed.I read my fair share of graphic novels so I took to the art style straight away. Exceptionally well done and lovely to look at. The game also feels like a graphic novel as it's choice and dialogue focused; there's no inventory in this game. So you have to think about what your character is going to do and how he's going to respond to each person.I liked the interface: just hover your mouse cursor over something then use right-click to select between the various options to interact with that thing. Quick, easy and efficient.There were just enough items in the game to interact with too. Playing as a character in a point-and-click game, I like to get the character's view on an item/their surroundings and Rival Games has managed that here. If it were up to me you'd be able to click on EVERYTHING but then that would take so long that games wouldn't get released.The characters were developed well in the two episodes we have so far and I'm curious to see where everything goes next. I hope we get the full 5 episodes the game is teasing us with.My only complaint is just that the second episode is very short. I don't tend to worry too much about getting achievements but I suppose replaying and acting differently will extend the length of the game.A well done, grown-up interactive graphic novel. Recommended."
76561198099216008,Recommended,319970,21100957,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Laura Blues,"I enjoyed this one and will enjoy it still some more, because I want to see what happens when I pick different choices. Not much of a classic point and click (no classic combine inventory puzzles or ""crack the safe"" scenes), but a really cool comic/noir game. Still, a couple of details (no pun intended) could be improved. I'm lingering between yes and no, so I will give it a yes for now. I may come back and change it after playing some more, but hopefully not.PROS:+ Great artwork, noir style, good immersion ambiance.+ Music was fitting.+ No silly ""add cat hair to bottle to make a stove cleaner"" inventory puzzles.CONS:- Quite short and not too challenging, once you know what the game ""expects"" you to choose.- Story is too cliché and predictable. Sounds like a political statement at times.- Characters are all cliché stereotypes (some kinda racist even).- ""Carlos Santana""??? WTF is wrong with you guys???It's still on a very generous sale, so I'd give it a go if you're into this kind of game."
,Recommended,319970,22603351,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Jalabula Jens,"Well presented, keeping the noir aspects with black & white scenes as well as highly detailed textures during regular gameplay. Wonderfully executed"
76561198013677932,Recommended,319970,22700485,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,clueless,"definitely captures that elusive ""noir""moodmusic is compelling and follows the action closely..so much sothat after a short while you dont even notice the lack of voice actinggripping story lineeasy to get fully immersed in the gameworth the price of admission"
,Not Recommended,319970,23074824,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kiyo,"These guys put out new episodes at roughly the same rate that George R. R. Martin puts out new books. If I had known it was going to take a year between episodes two and three, I never would have bothered. I've honestly forgotten most of the plot at this point."
76561198026641569,Recommended,319970,19375585,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gregmachlin,"4 stars out of 5. A fascinating, smart film noir comic-book game that's more visually interesting, and makes better use of framing, than anything I've seen in a long time.As noted by others, ""The Detail"" may in theory be closer to an interactive graphic novel, but damned if it doesn't feel like a game when you're playing it. The game smartly restricts you from doing too much, which means you don't get frustrated or stuck very often trying to figure out what to do next. The writing tries to ape film noir, and mostly succeeds (it falls into cliche at times).The moment when you shift from one POV character to another is a wonderfully unexpected shock.Worth it for the visuals alone. If someone figures out how to take this new format and make the next ""Stanley Parable"" or ""Little Inferno' with it, it'll be astonishing."
,Not Recommended,319970,33067624,Posted: 30 June,all,Don John,"If you thought none of your choices mattered in Mass Effect 3, wait until you play The Detail.  There is no gameplay BUT making choices and no matter what you do, you always end up at the same places in the same order.  I honestly liked it my first time through, but the ending was incredibly unsatisfying, and as soon as I stated my second playthrough I realized nothing I did mattered.  Grab it for a couple of bucks during the Steam Sale if it looks up yout alley, but do not pay full price."
,Recommended,319970,22394268,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Boiling Water Bottle,STORY IS GOOD BUT FOR THE PRICE YOU SHOULD ADD SOUND
,Recommended,319970,14201485,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"For a really short game, this has great potential. The Detail is a crime noir adventure game that is told through different perspectives. The game is not voiced to my surprise and I liked it like that. There are multiple paths and endings and I have no complaints except for the fact that I have to wait a lot for a new episode. This game is just beautiful and this is my kind of narrative and story. I wholeheartedly support these developers."
76561197969749884,Recommended,319970,34690336,Posted: 2 September,all,Sarkoth,"The Detail is a three-piece set of a crime noir story. It is labeled as a point and click adventure, but truth be told it is more visual novel than anything else. Most of the game consists of conversations and player impact is reduced to branching choices where you pick from one of two or three paths within said conversations or situational quick time events. (actually it's slow time events, as you usually have around 10-15 seconds to actually pick a choice before something happens by default). There's no solving of puzzles or using items within your inventory with the environment except for very few scenes where you have to use certain hotspots to get the information you need to proceed.For an adventure, The Detail is way too simple and lacking. For a visual novel, it features excellent graphics, full voice acting, interesting characters and a well written, yet not always brilliantly executed story. The art design is spot on though and the asking price for the full experience is very moderate, therefore it can definitely be recommended.Just don't expect it to be an adventure, it's not."
,Recommended,319970,28148870,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Galactic Spectacular,"The Detail is a Crime story that takes place in New York. It involves many characters that differ from each other greatly and share their individual unique traits. Some of them being the gang-type, corrupt-type, and justice-type, these characters find a way to get along and help each other as the story progresses, overall this game is great and I recommend getting it during the Steam sale.Note that there is not much action in this game, but the story is well-worth the experience and will keep you wanting more.Overall rating - 10/10"
76561197970502194,Not Recommended,319970,16681234,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,jfever,"The art in this point and click adventure is great - much like art in a comic book is great - but didn't leave me feeling satisfied after playing through the first episode. For 6 dollars it was a short experience with somewhat cheesy dialogue (no voice, all text, to boot). There is some interactivity in some of the cutscenes, but it didn't have the same impact for me as certain decisions in, for example, the Walking Dead. All in all, after playing through the mediocre first chapter, I will not be purchasing any further ones. May be worth a flier when on sale if this is your type of game, but otherwise I have many games I'd recommend for the same cost or less which will offer exponentially higher replay value."
76561198149305018,Not Recommended,319970,26256459,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,iSyndra,"Sadly...disappointingThe Detail is a game that I had high hopes for in the beginning. A good plot, wonderful characters, and a fantastic atmostphere. However, as the game progressed, things became sloppy and rushed. The final chapter, the grand finale, took me only an hour to finish. It was incredibly disappointed, and left me bitter and unsatisfied. My hopes for this series were high, but it was a sad disappointment. Unfortunately, I do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,319970,14378276,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nebu,"The writing is poor, from cliches like ""Just another murder... until it's someone you know"" to non sensical, such as the scene where the coroner explains that they know it was a random dog that chewed on the corpse's leg because they found the owner; implying that the police found a guy with a dog, asked him ""Did your dog chew on a corpse last night?"" and the guy said ""yes"", and the police just take his word for it and decide to drop the investigation.Your choices don't matter (this is no Walking Dead or Wolf Among Us), the game will push you towards the same plot regardless what you do or say.The puzzles are essentially non-existent: You're in a bathroom and you don't want people to catch you calling the police? There are only 3 things to click on: The phone, the drunk guy, and the mop. Click on the phone and your character says it's not safe yet. Click on the drunk guy and your character remarks the drunk guy's out cold. Click on the mop, and your character automatically uses it to block the door. You're at the police station trying to figure out where a photograph was developed. There are 4 possible photo labs. You could try thinking about it, or you could just click on all 4 photo labs until your character says ""That's it! That's the one!"". You can easily beat the game in 1.5 hours. Do a second playthrough to get all the achievements and/or (not to mention the cards you're eligible for, since 1.5 hours is too short to max that out) and you'll realize just how little your choices matter when you do the completely opposite of what you did in the first playthrough, only to yield the same results.The game is unpolished. The animations leave a lot to be desired (contrast this with Broken Age, for example). There's a lot of inconsistency on when you're supposed to click to advance to the next frame of the animation and when you're supposed to just wait for the animation to play out. When you type in your name, the vertical bar that marks your cursor is misaligned from where the characters will actually appear. Just a general lack of attention to detail all over the place."
76561197970728391,Recommended,319970,28458076,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"Interesting little game, though it isn't all that challenging nor is it terribley exciting. What keeps it moving along is the many story lines, some of which can change in an instant, and the interesting characters, some that you control and some you don't.You control 4 different characters throughout the graphic novel, mainly a detective and a confidential informant, but also 2 othere detectives. You get some back story on everyone, and the game moves at a pretty brisk pace. Choices made in each of the 3 chapters can have an effect on subsequent chapters, and as to wether you will get an achievement or not. Each character seems to have something traumatic that happened in there past and you really get interested in the characters and their stories.You are trying to figure out a murder of a major player in a gang, and you bring a fromer CI back into the fold for help. You will visit many locations and talk to many charcacters to try and figure out what each of the gangs are up to and who is involved in the death. This will lead to more secrets, current and in the past, that lead this story spiraling out of control. You will have many choices that will take you down different paths and will change the story being told each time. The way the game ended, it looks like another season may be coming out, as they say this is season one. So here is to hoping more are on the way. You don/t really have much control of the characters, though a couple of times each chapter you will have more interaction. And just like the name of the game, if you miss a detail, that will stall your progress and your chance of certain achievements. Not easy to miss most of them, but some of the details are hidden a little, so scour over everything and it should not be much of a problem.The only negatives I have is the game is a little short, and to get some of the achievements, it is very difficult as one of them consists of you making the correct choices in all 3 chapters. I am on my third play through, and I have almost 9 hours played and still missing 4 achievements. The other thing is this is a little misleading. Thought I had full game, but after finishing game, found out there were still 2 more episodes after this. A little misleading, but still a fun game with an excellent story."
,Recommended,319970,23476724,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,"Decent writing which will remind some of The Wire and others of True Detective. The art could use help, especially the awkward walking animations, but most of the story unfolds like a motion comic. There's a main story arc that inevitably involves corruption, but the smaller choices you get to make along the way provide a fuller experince. The episodes are a little short, and three episodes runs light for a season, but getting the bundle on sale will feel worth it for fans of the genre.I'm looking forward to more of The Detail, but I'd also welcome a step up in the production... maybe some 3D cel shading for Season Two? One can hope."
76561198037210732,Recommended,319970,33079175,Posted: 1 July,all,league_slushfund,"A mostly satisfying noir tale about a perverse chain of Hobson's choices that can't lead to any good. The season ending seemed haphazard, though. I think they could have set up a more interesting second season, but as we're unlikely to get a second season now it will do as a series ending, if a less than ideal one."
76561198055146098,Recommended,319970,12733297,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Frozeni,"The first thing what comes to my mind after playing this game is The Wolf Among us, with a real world problems and crimes. It has many similarities, like the point and click movement with very decisive choises to be made, right from the start. I have to say, once you get to know the characters and get inside the classic Noir feeling, you can almost cut the athmosphere with a knife.The game also features multiple perspectives of the situation, thinking how this and that can affect the other peoples job along with yours, is something really refreshing.Episode 1 took about 3~ hours for me to finish, and it has pretty decent replayability rate since all the multi-choice decisions. For a ~5 euro episode this is really worth it.Looking forward to see how the story unfolds!"
76561197971532050,Recommended,319970,24571328,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Conditional Love,"ignore play time – I've finished the gameThe Detail is an episodic point & click game. It's much like the Telltale games because you can't go wrong as you keep walking around the scene until you have activated all the important story pieces of information. So The Detail is more a story game than a challenge – and as a story I rather like it. You are a serious detective, and sometimes a young female cop, who solves crime while there is some corruption plot in the background. The comic-like presentation is pretty cool and the brutal crime scenes look interesting (The Detail isn't high on interactables). There is a lot of care and attention in the background art which makes The Detail feel like a real noir and I love that. Then halfway through episode 3 the story goes kinda bad with a silly twist (and an unpatched glitch with the keypad – keep exploring then return to the keypad later)The Detail was a worthwhile purchase for me because it was on sale (although I am slightly starved of interesting mystery noir games). If you don't buy The Detail, that's no big loss (for you, not the DEVs), although if you are bored and The Detail is on sale then I say go ahead and buy The Detail."
,Recommended,319970,17199042,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jig,"I would say that if you're a fan of the crime genre` it's a must buy, but this really belongs in anyone's library who loves a great story and being entertained. The episodes don't take long to complete, but the experience is totally worth the price tag. The way the story grows so organically around your decisions is incredible. I want to start another play through, but I'm going to TRY and hold off until the first season is complete."
76561198055767367,Recommended,319970,13490817,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,"I am really enjoying the art so far.  Kind of Sin Cityish and I love the graphics novel style of setting.  Rather short but it is an episode, yet I was quite happy with the gameplay.  There are also quite a few achivements I missed so I will be playing back through it again.  I will definatly be keeping an eye out for the next episode but will more than likely hold off until I see a sale on the full season once it is finished, as I dont typicaly buy these type of games per episode."
76561198144593917,Not Recommended,319970,26682280,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"Overall, this is a clumsy, amateurish attempt at a Telltale-style game mixed with something like LA Noire.Pros:+ Story is mildly interestingCons:- Poor controls, and often if you can't figure out the controls within a few seconds it affects the story- Poor dialog. Not believable at all. People don't talk this way.- Characters are all very cliche- Text in the game is very hard to read due to the small print and comic book style font, and the game is very text-heavy. Had to wear my glasses and sit right next to the screen to play.- Episode 1 took me less than 2 hours to complete. I have zero interest in paying $6 for another 2 hours of crappy game"
,Not Recommended,319970,22917608,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,jartur,"It's super short, drawing is okay. Story is noir but not very deep. Interactivity is actually pretty minimal. And the 3rd episode is very very bad and buggy as hell.I think it would work better as a simple comic, not as a game."
,Recommended,319970,12679513,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,inf0sec,"Despite the small team and low budget production values this game captures the noir elements perfectly.  A fantastically written story and has a truly wonderful selection of engaging characters.  The choices in this game that you get to make are all very dire and no matter what happens you feel guilty no matter what.  A fantastic game overall, the only criticisms that I have is that there should have been a few more puzzles, lack of ambient sound which would have made this game even better.  For example; rain, traffic, etc.  I really think they should look into that in the next episode.  Also I would have loved voice acting in this game, but this is probably due to the small budget. But overall, highly recommended."
,Recommended,319970,33233341,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"oh WHAT A GREAT GAME I TELL YA!too bad it was so short, but they explained they ran out of money and u can feel it in episode 3but u know what? it doesnt matter, because detective games r sick!buy! but only if its on sale"
,Recommended,319970,13422039,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Azathoth,"The Detail is a crime noir adventure with a similar style to The Walking Dead and other telltale games.  I thought I was finished with this type of game, but The Detail offered me much more than The Wolf Among Us or The Walking Dead and it managed this through this first episode.  It does grab you from the get go and leaves you wanting more.It's another game where your choices apparently matter and of course the full extent of these choices will not be noticeable until further episodes are released in the future.  However, I played through this episode 3 times and each playthrough was quite different in some clever ways.  In one I was a brutal cop who would beat a suspect and the next time I was pleading with him and offering deals to get information.  It just seemed like it wasn't your standard 'Pick A or B' like many of these games use.The lack of voice overs is a minor problem, but it still felt quite atmospheric.  The graphical style is great and certain scenes ooze atmosphere and style.  Some of the game feels like a comic and other parts feel like a classic detective noir movie.  It's a very promising start to the series.If you enjoyed the likes of The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us then you really should try this out.  It's different enough and I think it offers something more.  Each scene is important, it has a good pace and should leave you desperate for the 2nd installment to see what is going to happen.  Plenty of replay value if you decide you want to just try things in a different way."
,Recommended,319970,14268346,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Smoker,"The Detail is half interactive motion comic, half adventure game. It reminds me of Telltale's The Walking Dead / The Wolf Among Us with possibly more choices and outcomes.For 3$ this first episode is pretty good."
,Recommended,319970,14552540,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ggab,"If you like police procedurals, you'll like The Detail. The decisions are fun and the comic book aesthetics match the story. I'm not a huge fan of QTEs but they are few and far between.Devs seem really accessible, since they allowed fan translations, and updated the game based on feedback from the communityPoint-and-click is not my preferred genre and it's only the first episode, but I'm pleased."
,Recommended,319970,14176632,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dark Burl,"Absolutely brilliant introduction to this 5 episode game. A great story driven by dialogue and different choices to make. Great replay value - choose a different response or action and see how things pan out. No annoying inventory object combining puzzles and some interesting detective style ""piece together the clues"" type things to work out. I enjoyed it very much and looking forward to the next episdoe."
76561198077867324,Recommended,319970,14659178,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,][P][,"Just finished Episode 1, & thoroughly enjoyed it!  I really like the art work!  This game plays like an interactive graphic novel.  It's a nice balance of point & click interactivity interspersed with well-paced storyline cutscenes.  The only issue I have are the character walking animations; they are very clunky and not at all life-like.  Looking forward to Episode 2!"
,Recommended,319970,25627736,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"This game can be best described as an ""Interactive graphical novel"" of the film noir genre. This atmostphere, musical score, artwork, and storyline are exceptional. I highly recommend this game for fans of interactive novels/comics, and point and click adventure games. There is no skill required here, but an enjoyable story awaits!My only reservation is that the three seasons were very short. I would recommend this game for under 20 dollars."
,Recommended,319970,23123368,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Red Cloud,"I really enjoy this game! At times you really feel for the characters, and the story is pretty good too, though it could expand. I like the comic book feel to it, it adds a cool vibe. Glitches at times, but these are minor. All in all, I really recommend the game to anyone who likes action and adventure. Kinda like those choose your own adventure books."
,Recommended,319970,32235502,Posted: 7 June,all,HYMON ROTH,we wanna season 2!!!!the only disadvantage is the ending ended too quickthere are still many confusion and logical thing need to be completedhope the season 2 can be released the soon .....
76561198164914895,Not Recommended,319970,23122337,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,l8vD,"Wanted to play this game but the controls don't work very well. I had to use a combination of keyboard and controller just to get to the next slide. When there were three choices, I could only chose top or bottom, not the middle. When I got to a part with multiple slides, it fast forwarded through, and I couldn't keep up with the dialogue. I might have pushed a ""skip"" button but I didn't see it.Wish I  could get the controls to work. I really wanted to play the game."
,Recommended,319970,24686976,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fishzerg,"The Wire and True Detetctive embedded in a point and click game. The experience is what you would expect, knowing the political and criminal themes these two tv-series relate to. It is dark, gritty and down-to-earth. It's even possible to imagine you are playing McNulty and Bunk, which brings it to one important role-playing element of The Detail: you can and must make choices in the game (I strictly played it with the following mindset in apppropriate situations: ""what would McNulty do?""). This results in different endings of the game, what I found very interesting as you quickly grow to care about the different characters involved in the story.The game unfortunately is cut short, seemingly because of economical difficulties for the developer, so the third and last episode is a little bit rushed, where a lot of story is squeezed into a narrower timeframe. It is a pity, because thematically The Detail is particular and a rare experience. Finally, a note on gameplay: It doesn't actually involve lots of puzzle solving, and reminds to some extent of a visual comic book novel."
,Recommended,319970,17116714,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,nogoodreason,"This is an interactive graphic novel. There is no voice acting and little animation: the focus is on the art and the story, both of which are delivered beautifully and make this a truly stand-out game and storytelling medium.In some ways I even preferred this to The Wolf Among Us and TellTale's other choose-your-own-adventure offerings because you can play this casually with just a mouse: while there are occasional ""act within a set time"" dilemmas you never find yourself in the middle of eating something when the game requires you to furiously tap E or anything. Another thing I preferred is how the story jumps between different (but connected) characters, so you never find yourself getting bored."
,Recommended,319970,12844302,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,manatic,"While a much smaller production (and thus smaller production values) than Telltale Games' adventures, The Detail offers a similar experience. The first episode was really enjoyable and left me wanting more. If The Wolf Among Us and/or The Walking Dead were something you like, I suggest you give The Detail a try!"
,Recommended,319970,12702254,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"The Detail,I've only been playing this for a short time now, but as soon as it started I had this special feeling when you think: ""Damn' this feels new, fresh, mature. I like it already.""The game is a real film noir experience and leans close to, let's say a comic book of art neo. The writing is very natural and the dialog choices seem really to matter (sometimes you also have an action choice).The general feeling is dark, moody and depressing. And with some things which are presented I'm not sure if it's a suitable game for young kids, but the topic is good and it's very refreshing to experience something like this in a game.I don't want to give away any spoilers, but would like to end with a short statement:""Get it already."""
,Recommended,319970,14204581,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Deg,"This game is a MUST PLAY. Rival Games' ""The Detail"" looks like an amazing series to come. The opening episode is downright chilling, but it contains some of the best storytelling in gaming to date. To anyone reading this: you owe it to yourself to pick up a copy of episode 1."
76561198084723427,Recommended,319970,20886626,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,StarNate,"This game is great in all ways but one, no voice acting, just text to read, which is fine, but i would have loved to hear some of these characters.9/10"
,Recommended,319970,12684819,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zormal,"All fans ofThe Wire, Sin Cityand otherNoir-style detective storiesshould check out this adventure game.You control a 'loose cannon' detective along with a career-criminal-turned-family-man, trying to solve a murder. Controls are point-and-click, and while there are puzzles, the main focus is definitely on atmosphere and story. The soundtrack fits perfectly and the visual style follows that of a highly stylized graphic novel.While the puzzles are easy, the story holds you in a tight grip. Expect a relatively short first episode of a great series.If I could buy a season pass now, I would."
,Recommended,319970,13882821,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"This is, simply put, a fantastic game.The Detail a motion graphic novel, with choices that truely have consequences. I've been watching it develop since the first chapter of the series and I have to say that as a fan of graphic novels and comics, I really enjoyed the writing, the story, and just playing through the game in general. It's akin to playing a Telltale game, but it feels like it's put together much better. The Detail is well written, looks beautiful and is certainly gritty at many points. The soundtrack just melts together with the story and really sets the tone.I've been playing it again recently after my previous review of the first chapter. That, and also to make different choices and see the different scenes and outcomes of each action. It's just like reading a very well made graphic novel, but with motion cutscenes and some scenes where you can move your character around. There's also a few action scenes where you might need to decide to punch, kick, etc. It all fits together nicely.I haven't found much to complain about while playing through, although there have been several points where my cursor will disappear momentairly. It hasn't hindered me too much though. It has always come back.Pros:- Great writing. A Crime Noir story that well keep you clicking.- Story really makes you think and consider your next move or sentence you speak.- Artwork that looks like a great graphic novel.- A soundtrack that plays extremely appropriate music, giving a tense or relaxing vibe to compliment the writing.- Plays like a Telltale game, but much better.Cons:- Only experienced a very minor glitch at some points where my cursor has dissapeared. It always comes back though. It could be a PC issue for all I know.- I'm not even sure of any other cons. Haven't experienced any other problems.9/10- I thoroughly enjoy this game, it's story, the soundtrack, and the way its episodes are put together. I highly recommend this to fans of graphic novels or any of the Telltale game series. It is a very dark game, but the drama pulls it all together. It's like watching a great episode of The Wire. It definately leaves you wanting more."
,Not Recommended,319970,28906919,Posted: 1 January,all,Pyros,"The Detail was made with a lot of love but ultimately it's a forgettable visual novel experience in which you just mostly click around to make the story go forward. While I did see the great effort put into it, in the end it just wasn't interesting enough to make me want to finish it, let alone replay it to see the different branching storylines (which are just minor details anyway). Would have been better if it was part of something bigger like LA Noire, for example."
,Not Recommended,319970,16114399,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mumra,"Judging from the reviews, maybe this gets better later, and I hope I'm not being unfair here. But I just quit the game to get out of the apparently unskippable and incredibly dull credits sequence that you are forced to endure immediately after the incredibly average intro ""game"" and before you even get to the main story. But from that brief intro I saw terrible writing, and flat and dull story and characters. The only good point is the artwork which is alright but I can't help but feel the art would be a lot better if the artist were given some actually compelling subject matter. The test of any interactive fiction should be, would I be enjoying this story if it wasn't interactive? No, I was really bored. And I love noir, and I love adventure games.Oh and the controls are shocking, I didn't have a mouse cursor in the menu, and I gradually realised the game was expecting me to use a gamepad. I don't have a gamepad, I had a flightstick plugged in. Which didn't work with this game anyway. So I had to disable gamepad in the settings menu just to get mouse control. And even then controls appear to be entirely click to show next panel or choose dialog, with the occasional jarring QTE. And for some reason it keeps resetting the mouse cursor to the center of the screen rather than just leaving it where I expect it to be, i.e. wherever I put it, please just let me use a mouse."
,Recommended,319970,30684365,Posted: 23 March,all,Sjado,"As an old-skool adventure gamer I can certainly appreciate and recommend this game. Sure - it's not as indepth in puzzles as most adventure games, but the story is intriguing and makes you want to keep trying different solutions in order to see what will change in the outcome.If you're into graphic novels (comic books) and enjoy a rich crime story, I'd highly recommend this."
,Recommended,319970,28878046,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ffytche,"I expected a great story and a style like in XIII.Pros:- it's even better than in XIII- decent story, although stereotypical- great charactersCons:- your choices make the same outcome (with some minor exceptions)- they could have made characters move faster- only 6-7 hour gameplay for the whole season- no need to play this again- lacks music or voice acting (depends on what you'd like)(for some people - lack of puzzles)Some reviews mention bugs or glitches - I didn't spot any.It's basically an interactive TV-series which I love. 7/10, but I bought in on sale"
,Recommended,319970,33211790,Posted: 3 July,all,PublicNuisance,"The Detail starts off slow but Episode 2 got really interesting and I ended up loving the game by the end of Episode 3. Some of the decisons are tough, the puzzles don't get in the way of the dialogue or choices which are top notch and the characters and story are well done. Overall the game plays like a combination of a point and click game and a visual novel. I thought it meshed well.The game also never crashed on me once in the 5 hours it took me to play all 3 episodes. There was one minor glitch where the text went into strange symbols but quitting the game and going back in fixed it. The game uses checkpoint saves which I usually despise but they're frequent enough that it's not a big issue. I still would prefer manual saves though.Overall if you like gritty stories, visual novels and point and click games Give this a go. I would say all 3 episodes are worth $15-20 in terms of value but they can be had for a fraction of that."
,Recommended,319970,33463276,Posted: 11 July,all,zaphodikus,"I like the Graphic novel format, have seen some stilted executions , but Rival Games have done a brilliant number on the genre. Very much low budget and comfortable, almost too comfortable, style of play and story line building where you start out in gumshoe mode and flip over to role of informant and then back to the ultimate victim in the story. The beat cop.Pros: Simple controls, simple choices, clear and crisp styleCons: un-interresting soundscape, minimal depthI give it 7/10. Biggest detractors being that individual chapters are playable in one sitting, and the sound effects are absent,  my headphones never built any kind of colour or mood from the backing score at all."
76561198198709574,Recommended,319970,35226897,Posted: 26 September,all,giarcpick1,"bought this and and decided i wasted my money,  althouh it not cost a lot.   but after persevering with first chapter .  I really got into it,  and i glad i did;)"
,Recommended,319970,27649180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SaitamaElric,"A good point and click, no more, no less.It is less interactive than a Telltale game and the plot is pretty linear.Also, the graphics are... less than perfect with some weird alignement and character design.Worth it in sales if you are into pnc and have already played the more popular games.*Also, the sound design is nonexistent"
76561198044574299,Recommended,319970,23113867,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Comrade Ensign [HUN],"This game is a must have for every armchair detective.I think it is between a point and click adventure and a visual novel, mixing the advantages of both types. The story and the characters give you 'the less is more' feeling. No world saving, no heroes in shiny armor, no pure evil villains and this is what makes The Detail the game you really enjoy playing.Pros:- good story- characters with flaws and sometimes dark past- comic style (feels a little bit like Sin City)- lots of moral/tactical choice- good replay valueCons:- short (finishing a part took me about 1,5-2 hours and I played at a really slow pace)- expensive even if it is on sale- characters have no voice, sometimes even the music is absent at scenesI would rate it 8/10.Despite its length and price, if you enjoy detective stories, it is still worthy for purchase."
,Recommended,319970,24406590,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Alsaad,"I recommend playing this game -- If you're looking to play a great crime story and do a little bit of investigation- If you really like dark and grim comics and the noire genre.- If you're getting at a good discount (since the original cost per episode seems a bit expensive to me for the limited content, however if the original amount doesn't seem like a lot of money to you - it's definitely a must-buy-and-try!)It's a really great investigative game (which gives you the choice to carry out investigations as you please), played out like a motion comic. The story - which lets you play from the perspective of a detective, a rookie female cop and a snitch - is super intriguing and kept me hooked for the one hour or so that it took me to finish Episode 1.Word of caution - MAKE YOUR CHOICES CAREFULLY! The game doesn't let you get back and change your choices (unless you don't mind restarting the game all over) and the small stories within the main story do change according to your actions.The game has managed to definitely intrigue me enough to want to buy the next episode"
,Not Recommended,319970,25022393,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Statistx,"I decided to give this overall a negative review, although i feel sorry about it. I would have prefered a neutral one, since the episode 1 offered a lot of promise and enjoyment, with 2 being below that quality level and 3 giving me the final push to an overall negative decision.If they kept the quality of writing of episode 1 throughout the season and didn't rush as much in the end, it would definitely be a recommendation for anyone who likes telltale style games and crime stories.I can't go too much into detail because of spoilers, so i just summarize that episode 1 sets an interesting stage and builds up the characters and story, 2 being ok and continuing the story and ending on episode 3 which starts on a similar level but then suddenly stops.All the lose ends tie up in an unsatisfying way and it feels like everything you did before didn't matter much.Of course this game also has the telltale style illusion of choice, without anything truly changing the overall story, but for me thats okay for at least 1 playthrough, but the ending just forces itself onto everything and the ""Why did anything even matter"" isn't just tied to the choices but also the overall story.If this wasn't episodic, it probably would also benefit, because there were some sudden jumps throughout the story (especially in Episode 3) where i couldn't remember if the writing was shoddy and never build up a background, or if i just forgot with the time in between episodes, cause the ""what happened in the past episode"" bit at the beginning of the new episode didn't help too much, since its basically a slide show.I'd say give it a try if you want something like telltale in the crime story style and don't mind getting an unsatisfying conclusion. Episode 1 was worth it for me, 2 didn't make me regret going for the ride, but 3 was like the last day of a great vacation, where you knew you had to go back to work the next day and all the fun was over."
,Recommended,319970,18985802,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Beherit,"I tend to avoid anything indie, to me it's a word synonymous with overpriced crap made by someone whose friends lack the sincerity to strongly urge to not quit his or her dayjob and pursue any career other than game developer.This game is a real gem though. A bit unpolished in some places, suffering robotic character animations and some minor glitches. Adding professional voice-acting would be nice too. And I'm sure the crowd that usually whines about wanting choices in the game that lead to multiple possible endings will complain too (which still may or may not happen, as all episodes haven't been made yet).The story and the atmosphere in the game quickly makes you forgive all that. I played the first two episodes released so far and can't wait for the rest. I just hope the developers won't have to settle with some half-arsed rushed ending due to running out of money to keep development going.If you like good detective stories and perhaps like me have fond memories of the old criminal noir adventure games Deja Vu I and II from the 80s, give The Detail a try! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,319970,12759869,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,☭ａｎｉｍｅ☭,"Really looking forward to chapter 2!Anyone who knows me knows crime is my favourite genre and this game is chock full of bleak detective tropes and a great soundtrack. It does the genre well.It would be awesome with voice acting, but the lines are so in tune with the atmosphere that I can practically hear them in my head anyway."
,Recommended,319970,14859097,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sir Guts,Episode 1 was decent as a start. The game got a good potential
,Recommended,319970,15653122,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Spud Bencer,"Nice Artstyle, interesting story and a great atmosphere. The Detail had everything i was hoping to get when i bought the game. It's a bit closer to an actual comic than ""The Walking Dead"" or ""The Wolf among us"" wich means you got to do less, but if you enjoyed the two mentioned games, there's a good chance you'll enjoy this one too. Just like in the Telltale games you influence the story with your decissions.You can just lean back enjoy the artstyle and the story.  As many reviewers said there isn't any voice acting. For many people this seems to be a downpoint, but i think there's nothing wrong with using your imagination.It's a good game and i would definetly recommend it."
,Recommended,319970,32954613,Posted: 28 June,all,rocaguinarda,As a fan of cop movies/tv series I love this game. Well done.
76561198027159275,Not Recommended,319970,30127776,Posted: 23 February,all,R0UNDEYEZ,"This game is soooooo buggy, It has so many different issues with it I find it hard to recommend even though I want to be able to.If you have a dual monitor setup, it will more than likely launch on the wrong monitor and constrain your mouse in that monitor so you can't move it out, and on top of that the mouse movement itself is all jacked up so it won't even move around correctly.(According to the devs this behavior is actually a bug in the unity engine and not their fault, I want to believe that, but I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) The only way I could get it to NOT launch in the wrong monitor was unplug the monitor I didn't want it to launch on so it was forced to launch in the one that was left. which technically works I guess, but yeah.. that is not a reliable fix for a problem like this.I had issues with portraits not showing ( super annoying for a dialog based detective game to not who is saying what)I had issues with the story not advancing after collecting all the clues to advance it.However, I liked the art style the comicbook style is pretty cool and it sets up a good mood throughout. All of that is ruined by the crappy glitchy execution though.I will also say I have to give credit to the devs for trying to fix my issue via email. I took a while debating if I should just uninstall this and leave no  feedback or go with negative, I opted to leave a review because I don't think I am being unfair with any of my criticisms, plus the bugs that happen  really do kill the enjoyment of this game."
76561198035018732,Recommended,319970,13089216,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ToniApproves,"Very well done - the art style is absolutely fantastic (a Frank Miller noir, heavy contrasting black/white atmosphere for cutscenes and vivid colors for gameplay) and surprisingly becomes suspenseful at times. The music is grand and dramatic, although sometimes it overstays it's welcome and lingers a bit. It's one of the few games I've ever played that made me deeply wonder if I made the right choice in my dialogue and action. I actually feel burdened by making bad choices in this game and find myself wondering what I could have done differently; maybe this would have played out in a better light. That's pretty impressive work for a small production company. The story is mainly character driven and full of regular detective tropes and cliches, but I'm still hooked! I'm really looking forward to the second chapter."
76561198061401443,Recommended,319970,29540347,Posted: 28 January,all,Triple Seven,"A largely well-made choose-your-own-adventure with a noir graphic novel style (which I absolutely love). This is a game that oozes mood and tone, and fans of the crime genre will find a lot to like. I'd personally recommend it, despite the negatives. As for the negatives;- Bugs. This game can be rather buggy at times; boxes not clicking properly, random lag, wrong portaits displaying, and general optimization stuff, but nothing game-breaking,. I've heard stories of choices not carrying over, and while I didn't experience that, myself, I did notice a few occassions of the post-credit summary accusing me of making calls that I didn't make (though the story seemed to continue on with the proper choices in place). Crashes during the end credits happened after each episode, but fortunately that was the only time. The only major bug I encountered was during episode 3, wherein I would be instantly exited from a screen before I could interact with the elevator keypad. Returning to the character who pointed me toward it and talking to them again seemed to solve this.- No rewind or chapter feature within individual episodes, and certain scenes can't be skipped, so if you want to do something different or better, be prepared to play the whole episode over.- Episode 3's second half drastically escalates things somewhat out of nowhere in a way that feels  rushed and disjointed at the experence of characterization. It doesn't ruin the whole experience, but unfortunately it comes off like the sort of pigeon-holing that can remind the player that there's only so much 'choice' to be had, which is unfortunate given the rest of the game. There's some build to what happens, but even with some seeds planted beforehand, the actual climax feels sudden and out of step with the rest of the game, and the endings do more to set up for Season 2 than provide any closure or satisfaction to the player.Despite all the above, I still very much enjoyed this series, and will be picking up any future installments should they arrive. If you're a fan of the crime genre or interactive fiction, check it out."
,Recommended,319970,29702663,Posted: 4 February,all,WetTouchⓒ,"I haven't played many visual novel/ choice types game like this before and this is the game that makes me want to buy more of the genre, the story in quite interesting nothing too cheesy which i do appreciate. The story switches between different people what going on with them and basically how you handle them through different situations. There are so many different choices like during the fights you can do different things or specific things can change a whole situation. 8/10 i really love the comic book style of the whole entire game, i makes me feel like i am writing the whole story as i progress through it."
,Recommended,319970,16192477,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,king_ruckus,"This is a point and click adventure game with an engaging story, solid writing and good music.  You follow the exploits of a few different characters at certain points of the story, which is centered around a murder case.  As with other games in this genre, choices you make will lead to different outcomes later in the story.I have already played through once and I'll be playing through again sometime soon.  I picked up episode 1 on sale, but I'd recommend it at full price too, especially for fans of detective stories."
,Recommended,319970,13339680,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,wisie,"As a huge fan of True Detective and The Killing, I couldn't resist checking this out and I wasn't disappointed.The storyline and presentation is great. My only complaints being that the first episode is a little short and some narration would have been good. I'd happily pay more for the next installment if it was longer but will be buying regardless."
76561198074611019,Recommended,319970,12876357,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,marja,"A lean-back kind of game, I enjoyed the narrative and interacting with the character's choices. The dialogue is quite strong and funny in its crime noir style, and enjoyed the theme music as well - sets the mood right."
76561198009690713,Not Recommended,319970,30877085,Posted: 1 April,all,lime,mmmm.naah. not enough `gaming` and not even an interactive story tell-tale style. The writing is good but it`s really just a slideshow. The positive I guess is developers can introduce more gaming elements next time.
,Not Recommended,319970,16346202,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 6.2/10I thought this game had some redeeming qualities like cool artwork and some moderately interesting characters but despite some level of charm, it just was plain boring. I don't feel particularly ripped off since it was $1.50 and lasted 1 hour, but it was just boring."
76561198030749885,Recommended,319970,12865714,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,tadsaine,"Unique concept, and great story.  Looking forward to the next chapter!"
76561198105689946,Recommended,319970,16628863,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,irleman,"Within the same hour, I helped a Polish sex slave return home and slammed a pedophile's face against the table.10/10 best recent harboiled noir game"
76561198013774908,Recommended,319970,17097665,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,willm73,"This is Chuffin brilliant I am so suprised I bought this as it was cheap now i am hooked brilliant story, great idea i love the noir comiclook.  Please keep this going it is so dark and brooding I can't recommend this enough it is an adult game with real dilemas not a point and click.  well done !"
76561198064155675,Recommended,319970,27897893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dave,"This game is a great one if you like detective thrillers, but it is buggy as hell at this point. I debated on giving it a thumbs up or down based on the excellent interactive storytelling versus the crappy bugs, and I decided that a thumbs up is the right choice, but it was a tough decision because the bugs are annoying as hell."
,Recommended,319970,29402921,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"The Detail has an interesting plot with engaging characters. It is short, without much in the way of gameplay, but if you treat it like an interactive novel it's pretty entertaining."
,Recommended,319970,29363368,Posted: 19 January,all,Purpur-Tentakel,"I've played through all 3 episodes and overall it was a pretty good experience. It's very pleasant visually and the music is atmospheric (maybe a bit bland here and there). The characters are interesting and the story is quite layered and keeps you playing. Unfortunately this comes back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥in the last episode. It's quite short, seems a bit rushed and I hate to say that they barely manage to wrap up the story, some would say they didn't. I hope they'll do a season 2 at some point, but as it stands right now there are a lot of lose ends.Regardless of the ending though, this is a good game totally worth getting! There just is something special about the pace of the storytelling."
,Recommended,319970,17219514,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SHPR!TZA,"I like this game, it's like ur controling ur own comic book.It reminds me of Sin City a bit for some reason.Cool detective adventure with wich u can relax and fall into depths of the game resolving murders and stuff.Again i like, hope u will too, cheers."
76561198144144002,Recommended,319970,16104058,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,nvmCake,"Just finished playing episode 1 and I gotta say this games got me on the hook. It's gritty, realistic and a perfect example of what makes a good crime mystery. These developers know what they're doing, can't wait to play episode 2."
,Recommended,319970,16298459,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RiverOHs,"An episodic, point and click adevnture at its core, but an incredible, crime-noir story in a very stylized comicbook aesthetic at its best :3 Get this game... that's all I can say."
76561198056661262,Recommended,319970,16097746,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lieutenant Wilson,"I bought this game because I like crime stories like this. At first I was impatient, clicking fast and skipping all the cutscenes trying to see some action. Eventually I began to understand the story and liked reading through all the facts. You have to examine all evidence and all parts of the situation before you make a decision. I dont believe I should have to pay for the second episode, I finished the first in about 50 minutes.Overall an amazing game, made by a small team, good story, good mechanics, and beautiful art style."
,Recommended,319970,12671289,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Preyer,I got to beat a guy in an interrogation room. I'm satisfied.
76561197971260826,Not Recommended,319970,34395373,Posted: 21 August,all,aZiZa,"I bought this game based on the artwork but I quickly realised that it is more a virtual comic book than a game. The screen and text does not scale to work well on a TV if you are using a SteamLink or similar device. I'm sure its fine when sat at the computer. It is NOT a sofa game.I was expecting narration or an experience similar to Telltales offerings but was very disappointed. There is no voice acting in this game at all.I also found the controller support inconsistent, although that could be my batteries."
,Recommended,319970,16128215,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Top Nep,"A tense, hardboiled fiction with comic noir aesthetics and adventure game-styled gameplay. You'll find multiple POVs, incredible music, and a slow burning story punctuated by shocking brutality."
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,319970,17747596,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,kyzka,"The game is developed by these people...http://rival-games.com/teamif you have clicked the link you will notice that most of the developers hide their face. For good reason, I would hide it too if i created this lacklustre production. The detail is an interactive graphic novel with very limited interaction needed. It apparently will have 5 episodes in total, 2 of which have been released and the next three will have a gap inbetween. If that is not enough to put you to sleep, the story in this game should do the trick.The developers have chosen to feature several people's timelines in the hope that they will branch together in the end. There is so many timelines and characters, that no character development is spent on one, therefore your care factor on them is zero. If they all were to injest rat poison and end the series quicker you'd probably cheer.To make matters worse there is no voice acting, hence you have to read everything to characters you wish would go play with a ceiling fan. The developers have stated that no voice acting is better than cheap voice acting. WHAT A LOAD OF KIBBOSH!!! There are literally hundreds of examples of developers who have voiced their own products and done decent jobs on it. Your a big company aren't you? Surely you have enough money for a microphone? Surely you know how you would like your characters to sound wouldn't you? Stop cutting corners. Give us a GOOD product.I must admit that they have produced some pleasant eyecatching detailed cartoons especially in the first episode, but all that falls back to a bland, uninspiring example in the second episode. Episode 2 basically just follows the same layed out format as episode 1, hence nothing comes to a surprise. There is even less interaction needed in episode 2 other than to find out where to click next. Very little intellegence needed to get through this graphic novel. In fact i was even able to pass this whole thing by falling asleep and resting my head on the keyboard.While this review is extremely negative, I really wish it wasn't. They have a good idea here, but it's just rather humdrum in it's execution. Hence the money they are asking for is no way on this planet is worth it. There are way better products out there for the same buck. With one third of the people who have bought this complaining that this story is dull and cheesed off that there is no voice acting, i really hope that these Finland developers put a firecracker on their chair, start spicing up episode 3 and go out and splash out on a microphone..."
,Not Recommended,319970,22746644,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,travis518,"I guess I'm missing something, because so many of the reviews are raving about this game.  I'm a sucker for point-and-click, but this one didn't do much for me.  It's not a game so much as a story that you interact with on occasion...which would be fine if it weren't the most clichéd pulpy cop story imaginable.  It's like reading a bargain-bin paperback, except after every line of dialogue, you have to click the screen once to get the next line of dialogue.  Not much choice.  No puzzles.  Just click, read and repeat.So without interesting characters or story and not much gameplay to get you through it, I don't see the allure of this 'game.'"
76561198090234171,Not Recommended,319970,30490248,Posted: 13 March,all,penfoldini,"TLDR: Nothing to see here; there are plenty of other adventure/interactive story games that are actually engrossing or challenging - if that's what you want DON'T buy this game.  It's mediocre at best.  Unfortunate that the potential was never realised in game.+ve* All episodes are out* It's cheap* It has a plot, although entirely unoriginal, uninteresting, and entirely predictable* Devs actually seem to interact with the community unlike say the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s developing that Blues and Bullets game (which is DOA btw)* Some interesting and disturbing things going on but your interaction with these cases are superficial at best.  Instead you are on the rather dull organised crime plot, which may mean like me you guessed what the next trope would be very early in to episode 1... You are correct btw!* Only 3 episodes; although if we were able explore the other crimes you see going in a bit more depth they could have easily squeezed an extra episode out and it might have given a bit of life to borefest of the main plot.  All of the additional stories could have been woven together in a more interesting way which would really help that rather rushed 3rd act.  I dunno, I feel like a significant portion of the game was cut or never written.* Ok I'm really struggling here - you can get more of those pointless cards to turn in to gems??? Eugh!-ve* Boring, cliched, and obsessed with being melencholy.  Its deperately trying to be atmospheric but falls flat on its face which might explain...* The impact of the dark subject matter is really underminded by the graphics:^ Although the graphics are relatively polished for a story game, the rather hideous character models and uninspired environment really let it down - how are things this unpleasent to look at outside of the 90's?  It's well shaded and most objects look like they belong (although there's a girl on couch in the first ep that doesn't actually look like she's lying on the sofa - more like she's propped up at a 45 degree incline, despite the absence of anything supporting her -  this almost levitation looks really off and breaks the rather dark undertones of the girls situation).^ The basic facial models are just way too bland and not differientiated enough to hide the cookie cutter template underneath - how much inbreeding is going on in this rather unpopulated city?^ The women's facial models are even worse - they look kinda dumpy and the NPC's are all in grey and static indicating that you cannot interact with them, I get what they were going for but it's just plain ugly imo (e.g. why not show that if you roll your cursor over them but leave them fully fleshed out in the environment otherwise?).^ Basically, the comic book and noir style has been done better in older games so this really should look gorgeous by comparison but when you compare this to say the 20 year-old classic noir Bladerunner game you'll see why I'm complaining; there is very little imagination going on here and so much more could have been done to fill out the world atmosphere.  If you compare this to the far more recent and substantial in content, The wolf among us, it just pales in comparison and never hanbles the mature subject matter in an impactful way like Life is strange managed to do.  Of course these are far larger games by much larger studios.* Puzzles offer zero challenge  (calling them puzzles is a stretch tbh).* No voice acting, this game is done in a comic book style but I think it would have helped the imersion and also help break up the constant drone of depressing music.  If they had invested the money and time in more graphical assets, refining the environments and storyline I'd understand but I find the graphics pretty unapealing.* Cannot really skip when forced to replay (bugs - I lost count of how many times I replayed episodes)* Music is heavy handed - yes we get its supposed to be a representation of our burnout protagonist but its wears quickly and it never seems to stop.* No sound effects whatsoever* The twist is meh and I'm sure its supposed to make the climax of the game tense but its all so predictable and I have no investment in any of these ugly♥♥♥♥♥chacters* Dialogue is as cliched as the rest of this ""game""Bugs* When this game first came out, every update whether a patch or actual new episodes would completely delete your save games, so I had to play the first 2 episodes at least 3 times and it really highlighted how godamn bored I was.  There is no replay value here - the first episode tends to have more impactful choices but it really doesn't change the narrative to any significant degree and far too much happens off screen.* Random crashes - which again forced me to replay sections - over and over again, if you look at my playtime you'll see its way higher than other reviewers', when each epside only lasts a few hours knocking up 30+ hours of game play really illustrates how many frigging times I had to slog through this crap.VerdictMaybe I'm being harsh but I love detective games and noir and this didn't really satify either itch.  Go buy some silly putty or plastersine and make some ugly character models of your choice whilst watching an old episode of columbo - believe me it will be far more satisfying."
76561198012389458,Not Recommended,319970,25827123,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,alexwbyrd,"I just finished this game a few minutes ago.  To keep it short, sweet, and to the point:  The game had a good gritty story that was mired greatly by a lack of production values.  The sound design was essentially non-existent.  No voice acting.  No immersion whatsoever.TL:DR versionCould have been great but settled for passable."
76561198041180088,Recommended,319970,17064257,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Vigilant Potatoe,"Good game, adventure game with consequences, reminds me of walking dead."
,Recommended,319970,19243963,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,LL KooL K,"Awesome! Kool story as well!Your choices really matter in this game, be careful what you wish for!"
,Not Recommended,319970,17147266,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,greg,"Beautiful, but not very interactive and very, very short..."
76561198045696953,Not Recommended,319970,17175469,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,wilcoxfunk,Really cliche and boring...
,Recommended,319970,14186751,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ADarkGhost,"I am hooked,"
76561198051869089,Recommended,319970,16914035,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,NMSIS [GB],"dissapointed with the art team for letting silly mistakes slip through such as pixlated edges through not overlaying color on cut objects as it all seems to be done in photoshop and illustrator, what saves this game is its story, slow paced at times, interface could use some work but at its core, its what it says on the tin.5/10"
,Recommended,319970,14253357,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Madbat,"I wasn't thrilled with what I saw at first, but the unique interactive comic format and the storyline grew on me pretty quickly. The artwork is a bit of a mixed back as another review mentioned. Some is rather well done, but other scenes and and character art could use improvement.It does have a good replayability factor, as your choices affect the outcome throughout the game. Overall, I recommend it."
76561198040234830,Not Recommended,319970,32063998,Posted: 30 May,all,Old School Gamer,"Too slow paced IMO, nice try though."
,Recommended,319970,32419767,Posted: 14 June,all,Apostle The Fraud,"I'm coming home, jesus forgive me of my sins.........Forgive me for the man that I am, but not the man that I want to be."
,Recommended,319970,32733105,Posted: 24 June,all,Petrucius,A must have if you are a crime/detective genre fan. 8/10
,Recommended,319970,27644740,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Thunder//Screams,"I first played this game for free on ios, but by the end of the first chapter I was hooked. The storyline is honestly amazing,and has some nice twist and turns within. This game is well worth the price."
,Recommended,319970,24475890,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sun The Bones,"If you love the story rich game, this is what you are looking for.I love graphic novel style, the sound effect, the noir style, and characterization.I already finis the game.Now I'm waiting for season 2 [Just hope they will make it]."
76561198136634678,Recommended,319970,24417134,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,CursoryCrab,"I bought this in a sale and found it to be a productive and enjoyable dectective based game, however the play time is lacking so I wouldn't recommend buying unless it is in a sale or you can get the series at a discount."
76561198027892090,Recommended,319970,29641741,Posted: 1 February,all,Red Doc>,"I had my eye on this game for a while and when I saw it was on sale, I scooped it up. The artwork is stylistic, but a bit derivative, as is the story. Two minutes into it and you can already get a sense of where the game gets its inspirations from.My first achievement unlocked: Police Brutality. (Er, ♥♥♥♥.)Also, Devs should pay attention to spelling mistakes. It's small details like that which has the potential to pull gamers out of the scene. Anyway, I am generally sold on Ep 1. Playing this is like being inside a George Pelecanos novel. (Okay, a discount version. The bundle is on sale for under $3 right now.)"
76561198060126725,Recommended,319970,18054730,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Elmer Fudd Gantry,"A fairly linear and cliché-filled story. The game is very short but i found it surprisingly entertaining.Not worth 6 EUR, the ""right"" price would be about 3-4 EUR."
,Not Recommended,319970,19239229,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dihy,"I really enjoyed the game, would even go so far as to give it a 9/10 in terms of presentation.  The audio and visuals are fantastic, as is the writing.The problem with the game, is that the developers basically have zero guarantees of ship dates, so for all we know, the game might not be completed until the year 2020.Thus I do not recommend this game, there is no foreseeable end to the development period, and you may end up waiting an extremely long time for Episode 4 and 5 to come out, much less Episode 3."
76561198148229634,Recommended,319970,34846821,Posted: 9 September,all,Corbyn,"Enjoyable, but not without it's problems. Controls a little clunky and I occaisionally found myself wandering aimlessly."
76561198041107570,Recommended,319970,28910576,Posted: 1 January,all,Groovnstar,"In the past 2 weeks there have been 3 interesting things, the first was Rogue One, and then there was the Xmas drinking, and then there is The Detail. A must play."
,Recommended,319970,18515097,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,b 0 t t i n i,"I dont rememebr how I got this game......Im high.    ♥♥♥♥♥it,  I recomend this game purlly on the fact of because that im High."
76561198067746287,Not Recommended,319970,25215748,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BirdDog,Pay no attention to the big words all these hardcore reviewers are giving out for this game. It's a boring and stereotypical game about detectives and crime. Not worth your time nor the $0.59 I paid for it.
76561198097281279,Not Recommended,319970,18909504,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,FlyOnPaperWings,Boring
,Not Recommended,319970,24955991,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ribqueen,"Finish Ep 1. So far my impressions are:> gawd the hard-boiled detective protag is uninteresting af please why i am dying of stereotypes this character could not be any more boring> walking mechanics are awkward-looking and slow> puzzles and gameplay are light. i do enjoy the attention to detail required to deduce conclusions about the case and to choose strategies with other people. doesn't feel like you are playing a game, though. more like trying to guess the ending to a detective mystery or trundle through a choose-your-own-adventure book> can be stylish sometimes in the art and comic-book panel way of story-telling> i think it's interesting how it reviews your choices at the end of the episode and presents snippets and statistics about the real world in light of your choices)> there's a spark missing. like it needs some life breathed into its characters or its plot. idk it feels a bit stale.overall, i'm glad i didn't pay anywhere near full price for this game. it's a time-killer at best i think. if you want to play something in the same vein (but vastly superior), try out Gemini Rue, The Cat Lady, or Still Life 1 & 2."
,Not Recommended,319970,12674209,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,threedotonefour,"I didn't really like the story of this game, and with an adventure game like this, story is one of the most important elements. There's very little motivation for why the main character should care about the central murder of the story, and there's even less motivation for why the second playable character would want to get involved in the investigation at all. Story might become better with future episodes, but right now I'd not recommend it."
,Recommended,319970,12703824,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,KATSU!,Paid $50 to watch a man get killed by thugs using a deep fryer. 10/10 would pay again.
76561198176112513,Not Recommended,319970,14463417,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,james.goulding57,"This game is extremely short: no longer than a demo. It's so brief that the game's quality is a moot point, and it's not even as though that hour of gameplay is action-packed. At the end we are informed that the story, which has only begun, will be continued in another episode--a fine way to profit! I strongly disagree with the many positive reviews for this demo masquerading as a game."
,Not Recommended,319970,19344681,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,.buntyy,"Wow, the devs. managed to put out 2 out of 5 episodes in over one year.Don't waste your money on this game, even if it is on sale, i think the development processwon't come to an end ever."
,Not Recommended,319970,19446342,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Trovão da Razão,The chapters take forever to be released.
,Not Recommended,319970,29741300,Posted: 6 February,all,NyappiCat,"Trying to play this on a Mac with Sierra (10.12) installed, but the cursor won't move so there's no way to play the game..."
,Not Recommended,319970,14800925,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,"Honestly, I just dont like it. There is nothing objectivly wrong with it, but I didnt find it enjoyable."
76561198033916210,Not Recommended,319970,15029688,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,shartpantz,"I know it is like a comic book.  I get that and I can appreciate it, but it looks terrible here.  Seriously.  The animation just looks hokey.  Some of it looks like at was done by someone who's kinda good at drawing, but not quite there yet.  Story line is really not that great and they don't set it up very well.  Your character is supposed to know something about the murder victim, but you as the player don't actually know, so it's not that interesting.  And what you get from interviews is pretty lame.  I think they had a grandiose vision with the story.  There's a lot going on, but not in a good way.  Too many characters that I just don't think the people who made this can wrangle together into something coherent and gripping.  No truly interesting plot points to really make me care about the next episode.  It's hard to write something compelling when your subject matter is such well-worn territory.  Was hoping for something of the same caliber as The Walking Dead, but this falls way short in my opinion.  This game could've been made twenty years ago.  It looks like somebody's school project.  I finished the whole stupid thing just because I spent money on it.  There's something interesting that happens in the beginning, containing some action, but then the rest of this episode is just boring as hell.  Alright, I'm just gonna go ahead and say I HATE THIS EFFING GAME!!!"
76561197988416469,Not Recommended,319970,32929847,Posted: 28 June,all,Lymp,The characters are way too generic
76561198025338623,Not Recommended,319970,14515766,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Badlaa666,"its a point and click interactive story, not what I expected"
,Not Recommended,319970,14599814,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Old Boy,Well this was abit different from what I expected. I know I have only played the first episode but I'm not super syked for next episode. I liked the comic style but felt like the lack of voice acting and the poor gameplay took the intrest down.
,Not Recommended,319970,14459097,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,bakersfield chimp,"Pros: It's short. Really short. You can get through it in an hour or so. Normally that wouldn't be a positive thing, but honestly, it is in this case. The art style in the cutscenes is okay, I guess? It's relatively inexpensive, so if all of the cons I outline below don't turn you off, you won't be out THAT much money?Cons: Look, I know the developer is Finnish, and it's possible that something was lost in translation, but the writing in this game is just BAD. Cliche throughout, the one prominent black character is named ""Tyrone DeShawn"" (really?), and the main detective player character just seems like a real piece of garbage. I'm sort of concerned about everyone that's reviewed this and said that the story and characters are believable. Also, gameplay is nearly nonexistant. Gone Home is more of a game than this, which I don't mean as a dig at Gone Home, I'm just drawing a comparison. ""Puzzles"" are few and far between, and incredibly simplistic.I paid three dollars for this game. I'm not going to say it's not worth three dollars, because the production values are decent.  I will say that there are better ways to spend three dollars, though, and leave it at that."
,Not Recommended,319970,29442506,Posted: 23 January,all,KERNBOOM,"This is the most piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥pretentious detective, where criminals tattoo the elevator password code on their arm and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, because both author and game designer did not have the skills or creativity to actually design a compelling detective that makes sense... The artwork and delivery of a story might be golden but if the story and gameplay are utter nonsense, that doesn't do much for the overall experience.I think that those who liked this game do not have any experiences to compare it to, like people who think the new Spiderman movie is awesome but they haven't seen Pulp Fiction."
,Not Recommended,319970,22704119,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,blue-cat,"The Detail is much like other point and click detective stories like Telltale Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us.Very slow and for me the plot wasn't very gripping, more like just role playing an ageing detective working cases. I don't think the first episode convinced me to buy the second and third."
76561197971887513,Recommended,319970,33956735,Posted: 1 August,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/qK0ql6PqCZw
,Not Recommended,319970,31610764,Posted: 7 May,all,Aryan Nationalist,This is game is a waste of money and time.
76561198032622166,Not Recommended,319970,29455743,Posted: 23 January,all,Dystopiansnowman,MEH! Everything about this game is just so... meh.
,Not Recommended,319970,29694719,Posted: 4 February,all,jennyabonde,Boo! The game can't be palyed because I can't move the cursor. Money back?
,Recommended,319970,16449862,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ambassador Pineapple K,"Great story, interesting art style, could use a little bit of spit and polish in some parts where images are not meshing nicley or the character walks in front of an object, but overall very good!"
,Recommended,319970,16458149,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NIИ,"The Detail is half interactive motion comic, half adventure game. It reminds me of Telltale's The Walking Dead / The Wolf Among Us with possibly more choices and outcomes.7/10"
,Recommended,319970,16160696,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,fabuloushouseboat,"The Detail is a point and click adventure-style crime game that doesn't bring much new to the genre but it's a good distraction nonetheless. The writing is clunky at times--especially the dialog--but the story is engrossing enough. I don't really like the main character, Reggie, but the other player characters are much more compelling. In all there's nothing mind blowing about this game, but it's a good way to pass some time."
76561198131066377,Recommended,319970,16079389,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Greyguardian,"I am happy that i got the first episode with a discount.It's very ""corect"" - a nice way to pass couple of minutes (the game is very short).On the other hand it's not very original, we've seen it all before.I didn't get attached to the characters.I like the comic book style - mostly the black and whites, the coloured ones leave much to be desired.For a moment i think i will pass on the second episode, maybe one day when the discount is bigger?Or maybe not. I am neither in favour nor against. I stay neutral."
,Recommended,319970,16068656,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,pfournier33,"Interesting ""choose your own adventure"" comic book game. The one downfall, I find, is the lack of sound effects. I don't mind the lack of speech but for gun shots, door opening, etc....it's lacking.Overall though looking forward to future episode(s)"
,Recommended,319970,13837708,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WHITE SANDWICH,"Excellent gameplay, amazing visual style and superb story telling.a very atmospheric noir style game10/10"
,Recommended,319970,15796305,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,★☆☆★ Subpar Lee Lee,"A very well written game with accompanying visuals. Similar to Telltale game style choose your path gameplay, albeit without the voice acting allowing for your own take on the characters sounds.  Highly recommended, Episode Two should be as good or even better."
76561198006844783,Recommended,319970,15862216,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SGT.PHOENIX WRIGHT,gg
76561198015925421,Recommended,319970,15761411,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,themeeko,"Gritty gameplay and artwork, slick and sleek point and click detective story - well worth its cost"
76561197965018194,Recommended,319970,16366186,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NickCellular,that gritty noir feel that runs on a slow♥♥♥♥♥computer
76561198006527615,Recommended,319970,16212841,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Spike,"A nice little game made by a small game studio. The game is a bit short but proves you don't need a lot of money to make a decent product. The lack of a save option, should be really considered moving forward. But considering it only costed me 2 bucks, it was money well spent. We need more mature adventure games like this.Edit: My original review for this game was POSITIVE but after buying EP2 and being dissapointed by my choices from EP1 not exporting into the next episode and the fact that you still can not save, has turned my review into a NEGATIVE one. Don't buy this game NOW, it requires the developers to tune it up if they didn't have the hindsight to fix these problemos BEFORE release.Edit 2: After making my concerns vocal on the game's forums, the problem importing the choices form EP1 to EP2 has been fixed. I am changing my rewiew back to POSITIVE. I appriciate the developers quick response and the personal attention, which you rarly see in larger game companies."
76561198038578525,Recommended,319970,12785934,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Johnny O'Brier,"The game uses a unique narrative style, as plot and even action sequences unfold like the panels of a comic book. Since I am a huge fan of the comic book genre, I really appreciate this fresh approach. However, this feature also slows down the action and the game in general and I think that might not be every gamer's kind of thing. Another drop of bitterness are the  at times rather ugly drawings. While the black and white sequences of the game are sublime, some of the colored drawings, especially the faces of some characters, are really badly done. I think this does not do justice to the otherwise high quality of the game. Furthermore, the first episode is really, really short (about two hours) but for a price of some 5 Euros that is still somewhat acceptable. So far I'd still recommend the game due to its nice story-telling technique and I think fans of crime investigation and/or comic book style might like it, too. Nevertheless, do not expect some crazy police action, this is rather like a good novel for a quiet evening."
76561198046077279,Recommended,319970,12693875,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TheRustyClown,"The game was a nice experience, certainly worth the price. It took me a little over 2 hours to complete the episode. For me the most enjoyable part was the first few minutes with black and white comix style gameplay as it differed from TellTales gamestyle. The detail also has some unique elements that are not found in the walking dead or wolf amoung us series. Hoping to see more quicktime events and action scenes in the future episodes thought. Overall a fun game to play throught in one session and I'm looking forward to the future episodes."
,Recommended,319970,12696658,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Death God,"A mixture between graphic novel and noir style adventure games, it’s really rare to find this genre this day. You played as a veteran detective and ex criminal in modern day. Story driven gameplay that depend on your choices, the only minus in here is there’s no voice acting. Just finished this games twice times with different outcomes, and I’m waiting for the next episode."
76561198098728424,Recommended,319970,18765238,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TMath,"This is like playing a comic book, its so good. The Artwork in this game is fantastic. only negative is the prices your paying for each episode, although i find them worth their prices."
76561198160528436,Recommended,319970,19081280,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Bri_Carlisle,"Great story! It's sort of like an interactive comic book so far as gameplay goes. You do feel immersed inthe story with great dialogue and music, but as some others noted it would be amazing if we had an option for voice-overs. I really liked how you can play the characters as you interpret their personas and still progress through the storyline. This is not very long, about the length of a movie maybe, but that is perfect for this type of gaming. the artwork is pretty good and with imagination it kind of does feel like you are engaging in a movie/comic/game/book so it's a nice change of pace from all the other types of games out there. I'd like to see many more game/stories come out like this as sometimes gaming can become mundane and these offer a refreshing distraction before getting back into another un of the mill style game.10/10 will buy chapter 2 next time it's on sale =D"
76561198050099174,Not Recommended,319970,19023514,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,roop298,"Er, ?  Reasonable effort at narrative story. Could have done with background audio to immerse the 'player' rather than the naff music.Not really more than an on-rails  story.  For all it's faults I prefer LA Noir.£0.89p is reasonable as a taster but  won't be buying any more."
76561198012840731,Not Recommended,319970,19111352,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,avasort,Way too short.And you won't have solved ANYthing by the end (which you will have reached after 60 minutes even if you played slowly and followed every hint).This is not the first episode. This are the first scenes of the first episode.But the worst: Right and the end the  one and only mini game takes place. Decisive for the story and you have to read confusing instruction under time pressure for the first time. Add to this the fact that you cannot save the game (one automatic savepoint gets immediately overwritten) and you get an epic designer fail.Up to this point the game was at least an interactive TY-Show. After this it's not even interactive.So this game covers the first scene of a comic strip/animated TV-Series...Upsides:Drawings  are good and characters are interesting. But that does not make up for the flaws. Not by a long shot ;(
,Recommended,319970,30449644,Posted: 11 March,all,Skyfall_25,Go for it if you like the telltale game series. This is more of an interactive story than a game. A very mature detective story with some hard moral choices.
76561197993702290,Recommended,319970,13249243,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kowaski,"Really fun indeed, my only problem is that only ep1 is out! I really want to know when the other eps are going to be live."
,Recommended,319970,16648293,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,joeyk86,Short but executed superbly. Love the comic-esque design and the choices we have at different junctures. Worth buying on discounts.
76561198087790425,Recommended,319970,13682969,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Decoy,"The Detail looks amazing, it has great music and story and it's currently one hell of a price ($4). Do yourself a favour and buy this game."
76561198034550859,Recommended,319970,13689572,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FraKKture,"Positive surprise, great 'The Wire' vibes. One of those games you wish weren't over so soon."
76561198014146141,Recommended,319970,14187362,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,The story is good and the music is good. The crashing was do to a known problem of the anti-virus currently in use causing a conflict.
,Recommended,319970,14192517,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,WhatF*ckRP,"So it's a interactive, 2-D, detective/crime related comic book with music.I like the heading of the story.Looks like the decisions you make throughout the process somehow affects the ending and process of the story.According to the ending page it seems like that there are 5 important decisions to make.Some of the slangs aren't exactly easy for non-native speakers like me to understand, but I still get the game. I guess the slangs add to this street style.The negative point is that the game is currently waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too short, only 1 episode(note it's episode not season)so I completed the game in a little over one hour.I might enjoy the game should there be more episodes. I'm giving it a thumbs-up for it's potentials.But if we have to pay for every episode that would be too bad."
,Recommended,319970,14252442,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DeathChimes,A beautifully done game with high replay value.
,Recommended,319970,15051301,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Edd,"The Detail has all the attributes to make a fantastic game. Crime noir, comic book art style and point and click adventure goodness all rolled into an episodic thriller. As soon as the first instalment of The Detail popped into my Steam queue, I watched the trailer, looked at the screenshots and before I’d even finished off reading the blurb about the game, it was already in my cart.Full review on VG Almanac"
76561198074603576,Recommended,319970,14245814,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sonza,"I loved that I could play at my own pace without too many time limits. There were a couple but they weren't too stressful. I like the story and the fact it has choices that (hopefully) effect the next episode. The only thing that annoyed me, was that I messed up one dialog and it didn't go quite as I planned. But that mistake is on me :DTwo thumbs up! Can't wait for the second episode!"
,Recommended,319970,28822577,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mike Rose,GOOD
76561197962277317,Recommended,319970,30022806,Posted: 18 February,all,power,"Super dissapointed trying to play this via streaming, just doesn't work properly - and I stream almost all of my controller enabled games. Can't comment on the game itself yet however if you like me stream and use a controller this game does not appear to be capable of doing this."
,Recommended,319970,29080756,Posted: 6 January,all,bleukreuz,"The Detail is a point and click game with choices and QTE, with slightly Telltale vibe. However it is presented in a comicbook style which is a definite plus. I enjoyed the art, although the appearance of the characters vary wildly in each frames. I enjoyed the story and hoped it'd be longer and have more satisfying conclusion.For a cheap game (I bought all episodes for less than $5 on sale iirc) that only have 3 episodes, The Detail made me play it for 10hrs. Most of it is restarting to see other choices and consequences.  7/10"
76561198376317844,Recommended,319970,33642326,Posted: 18 July,all,humblehero14,"If there is anything else I like instead of just reading a graphic novel, it’s making choices within that novel.The comic art style is a nice touch for the game.The gameplay is simple like any point and click adventure games.  The unfortunate side of this detective game is that you won’t really solve a case of who done it or how these deeds have been done.  You will interact with the world around you playing detective work but there is no gameplay aspect where you have to do any deducing.  Instead, the story will just tell you how things happen and who did it.On the plus side, the Detail focuses on character development and narrative which makes the game compelling.  Most controllable character has to go through some moral choice in the game that will test their psyche and perseverance.  I personally thought the execution of this through the story was done well enough.There are only a small portion of the game that had bugs.  One of which is from the character list screen.  There seems to be one person missing among the criminals that doesn’t show up.  Another issue is from episode one where the arrow key seems to vanish at times whenever you move it around the screen.  For the most part, most bugs don’t really effect the gameplay much.I really hope there will be a season 2.  I enjoy episodic games like this one."
76561198077719495,Recommended,319970,33585311,Posted: 16 July,all,babydollpinup,Very fun game following a cop and his informant. I enjoyed this because of the darker gritty tone and the comic book style graphics.
76561198170376709,Recommended,319970,33489181,Posted: 12 July,all,Tdcman123,"An interesting american crime thriller told in different perspectives. While the art-style is unique, some lines come off as melo-dramatic, and the choices you must make in the game usually don't mean anything. Never the less, it is a nice interactive experience."
76561198036618716,Recommended,319970,33741800,Posted: 23 July,all,Arginine,"This is the first point & click game I play. The first ""make a choice"" game. I almost finished the first chapter, and I can say: this game is hella exciting!! There are some weak dialogues, and some choices aren't very clear on what it will do. But the good parts completely overshadow these VERY FEW weaknesses. There will be such a part pretty early on, but trust me. If you move onto the next scene, it will be a lot better! Thanks to this game, I can add a new genre of games to my list!What is the best thing? I could completely create a charachter, and stay constant with his traits I imagined him! Whether I want an angry, impulsive detective, a calm rational one, a sweet talker, a dummy, I was able to decide for myself, and stick with it. I am most likely to replay the game, just to see how the story changes if I create different charachters."
,Recommended,319970,33751359,Posted: 23 July,all,clawjelly,Very atmospheric adventure game - I like it!
76561197974761049,Recommended,319970,34329696,Posted: 18 August,all,nemo_annonymous,"The Detail is a ""gritty cop drama"" point-and-click with comic book styling.  The story-driven gameplay includes multiple choices that persist through the episodes and multiple solutions to some puzzles.  With the entire season, it's a decent length (about 5 hours for me) and burning off the 'chieves wil take a while longer.  There is no voice acting, and the background music is subtle, and the game engine is a touch glitchy, but nothing game breaking.Overall, it's a solid game that makes up for the lack of polish with strong dialogue and characters.8/10"
,Recommended,319970,34400882,Posted: 21 August,all,DraCo,"Nice story. Loved graphics, argument and general gameplay. A bit more of music would've been nice during the scenes."
76561198011231411,Not Recommended,319970,34409153,Posted: 21 August,all,Scoundrelus,"No matter how good a game is, there is always something that will cause me to give it a thumbs down.GAME.  BREAKING.  BUGS.I encountered a game breaking bug in the 3rd part of the game.  I restarted the whole chapter and tried again.  Same game breaking bug.  Without spoiling anything, it's the part where I need to use a keypad to get down into a cellar.  Every time I click the keypad it shows it to me then it quickly goes away not allowing me to press any buttons.  No matter how good a game is, if it does not allow you to finish it then it's simply bad.  I've tried verifying all the game files too.  No issues there.  It's a bug on the game side.  Please do not assault me with ""This didn't happen to me"" or whatever because bugs don't happen all the time to everyone."
76561198171569614,Recommended,319970,34815674,Posted: 8 September,all,olga.hario,"The Detail is a solid game, and even though I'm not a fan of your choices affect the outcome type of games, this one I liked far better than any Telltame version.Way to go, home Rival Games make more games in the future!"
,Recommended,319970,35205719,Posted: 25 September,all,Nosdivad,It is just an awesome tellstories with a great and unique heavy visual graphic novels and with an incredible narrative.
