user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,320040,21769085,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,@willoneill,"I'm reluctant to give this a bad review, because the artistic quality of the writing, visuals, music, etc. is quite high. Still, the experience as a whole leaves a tremendous amount to be desired. Here are the things that really come up short for me:1. The CombatIt doesn't feel like there was a comprehensive vision for this. The game simply vomits enemies and makes them run towards you. There is no real enemy AI from what I can tell. This means that combat isn't particularly interesting to begin with, quickly becomes very repetitive, and despite how the game is marketed, combat is definitely its core loop.2. The PolishScenes often smash cut from one to another super abruptly, with no fades or other transitions of any kind. The multiplayer is, as others have said, simply busted. There are just a lot of these kinds of little(?) details that make the game feel unfinished and rushed out the door. They say you gotta do the first 90% of a project and then the second 90% - Moon Hunters often feels like that second 90% fell by the wayside.3. Narrative StructureWhile the quality of the writing is quite good, the way that the story and characters are presented is a pretty hot mess. I understand what the game is trying to do in terms of allowing you to work out the story through multiple playthroughs (FWIW, I've been through the game five times) but in practice it doesn't function well. Character prologues would help, a little more linearity on initial playthroughs might help, there are a lot of things that could be done... Moon Hunters simply throws you into deep water without any real sense of how to swim.There is a really great game somewhere in here, and a lot of the pieces are already in place, but so much of it just comes off as half-baked and barely-there. If this was in early access and coming to consoles a year from now, I'd say god bless - but it seems like Kitfox believes this is a fully-finished, ready-for-market game.I can't see how you can play this, eyes open, and believe that."
76561198091975728,Recommended,320040,32631841,Posted: 21 June,all,Kepa,"this game is really fun and unique, which is why  you should atleast give it a chance.I feel like if they added more storylines so that it wasnt restricted to one plot and was made to be have longer playthroughs the game  would be a million times better and I would be more inclined to play it more often.PS.this game is on the psvita, it would be awesome if it was put on the 3ds. Just saying."
,Recommended,320040,32855785,Posted: 27 June,all,tommywombo,"Alright, let me break it down:Pros:Great Story which spans multiple playthroughs and endings, all of which are not just The Good/Bad ending. You do have to look from the characters' perspectives and their devotion, otherwise the 'bad' ending doesn't seem so bad...The only soundtrack with enough emotion and versatility to make me spend $10 on it (Seriously, just buy the soundtrack edition). The soundtrack has more emotion than most games themselves these days.Can play Multiplayer (Coop/Local) or Singleplayer, Controller CompatibleProcedurally Generated, so every playthrough feels differentLots of things to unlock (Got any completionists out there?)Well-done versatile combat with attack patterns and multiple classes.Little to no repitition, with the sole exception of the end.Playthroughs can be completed in one short sitting (45-60 mins). See my hours played? That is one playthrough with all six classes.ConsPersonality test seems a bit random(Kill one snake: You were remembered as BRAVE). This may be a result of the playthroughs being short, so interaction where someone doesn't end up being killed is slightly limited.'True Endings' are spontaneous. I won't spoil it, but I needed it to be spoiled to me in order for me to get it. Some people (not me) might complain that the characters are biased, because they call the sun religion a 'Cult', yet they seem to have a bigger following and a better lifestyle. However, this adds to the story and character development for me.All in all, it's an amazing game. It's my absolute FAV game, because it has a bit of everything. (And no, I don't say that for every review) =)P.S. You should seriously get the soundtrack edition, it only costs $5 more and it goes to the devs of this amazing game."
,Not Recommended,320040,26597937,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kerillian,"This game has so much potential, the art is beautiful, the music is touching, and the dialogue ranges from silly to memorable. But that's where it stops for Moon Hunters and it makes me sad...The combat is lack luster, it's the same every time, and their new expansion turns it from easy combat that's simple, to annoying combat that's still easy. I've played the expansion already and while a free DLC update is 100% amazing, the DLC doesn't fix the game or anything, if anything it adds more things that break it.The story is lack luster. While yes the game relies on you as the player to want to live, die, repeat, it takes away from that with a lack of enemies, only a few good endings, ""constellations"" that act has kind of titles/achievements that aren't meaningful in the slightest, and really even the first 2 days of the 5 DAY STORY. Are ALWAYS the same.The bugs are crippling. There's so many it's absolutely silly, I've found NPCs with no names, my friends spawn on different maps than me but are still in my games, but all they see is me glitching through rocks and I see them doing the same. Whenever you leave the game or press continue after beating it, the game closes completely. There's a LOT more on the discussions and more I've reported but it gets... so exhausting to report 2 bugs every play through.The co-op is broken. In more ways than one does the word ""Broken"" apply to the co-op. For one, having more than 1 person playing this game makes it easy as hell, you breeze through enemies the ""bosses"" are push overs, it's all too easy. Then there's the glitches that come with it, you get stuck IN eachother, the maps like I said, load in differently so my friend is in the boss room but I'm talking to a trader while another friend is walking up a pathway to a shrine. Whenever you finish areas you all have different quotes, as in for me it may say ""The druid was peaceful and helped all who he met"" while for my friend it says ""Quietly the druid sat under a tree"" or something along the lines. Even at the end of the game there's bugs! When you finish the game ALL of your friends have different from what they say, I was ""Kid the Fox"" but for my friend I was ""Kid the Monkey"" and my other friend ""Kid the silver-tongued"" the game has no smooth co-op aspects AT ALL.So sadly, I can't recommend this game, it's lack luster, it falls flat on what SHOULD be its strengths but makes them burdens. Like I said it has a lot of potential, the music, the art and the characters really help this game stand out, but once you dive in deeper the game ends up being a lot more shallow. It is a very sad feeling and I wish I WISH I didn't feel it, remember just cause this is a negative review doesn't mean I want this game to fail, but I have to warn people of how this game is, it is NOT finished to the standards of a game without the ""Early Access"" tag on it's store page. It has a lot of work to do, but has the potential to be a great game from a small team. For now, I can't recommend it, but in the future, I may change my mind."
,Not Recommended,320040,23721652,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RaeSaber,"There is so much room for improvement in this game and I feel that the developers should continue polishing this game as in my opinion, the game doesn't feel done at this point. There are many user interface issues that I feel can be improved on. The levels feel vast, open and dull and the encounters are not challenging enough. Some areas are way too open and the pacing between encounters are too long and causes boredom. Allowing the players to disable the map doesn't really have any functionality at all other than provide a better screenshot if one feels the need to take it. Exploration feels punishing because after going down one path and reaching the end only to discover a well, the player has to travel a pretty long distance back to where the path branches off. This is a frustrating process and gets old very quickly, giving me more reasons to quit the game. Please do not stop polishing this game. It has a lot of potential.One thing that I feel is done superbly, is the music. The music is SO beautiful. However, the cutscene dialogue seems to conflict with the singer's voice and competes with each other for the player's attention. Some cutscenes (like the intro), cut off so abruptly it makes me wonder if I was missing something. A simple fade out of the music would help a lot.Given how short a single run through of the game is, the simple mechanics and the low interest curve, it definitely doesn't justify the price this game is going for. I do like the art style."
,Recommended,320040,22203396,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Let me explain this rating: I would recommend the experience of MH, not the game itself.The value of MH is learning from its mistakes of trying to develop a narrative through mechanics. As someone who likes rogue-lite games yet craves for more storytelling, the idea of uncovering/shaping the story through replay-value is a novelty I can admire.It's no masterpiece nor a new benchmark for rogue-lites; it's something of a failed experiment. That's how I'd explain my apprecation for the game.So if you're looking for the next Binding of Isaac, FTL or a cooperative rogue-lite with lots of complexities, then this game is definitely not for you. And even if you like the idea behind MH you may not enjoy it for its flaws.The 5-Day AdventureA single game of MH can last you anywhere from 20 mins to just over an hour (alone). There are several contributions to the game's length: Exploring new areas/towns for the first time, combat, the game's structure and backtracking.Each game of MH gives you five days before the final boss. The map is procedurally generated with special events. (Some have to be unlocked beforehand.) You'll never explore the full map because you can only visit one region per day. However, exploring towns or unique locales will not take a day away. You can also go in any direction.The strangest thing about this system is you'll wonder how much padding is there in such a short game.Some areas may be very small with several interactions. Others will have you in these huge empty regions with one or two interactions at most, littered with enemies. Some interacted characters/objects will tell you the solution--""You need to be more PATIENT!""--while others won't give you a clue on how to access them.Unfortunately, the result is you'll need a mental checklist. Even with almost seven hours done, I know I have not unlocked everything--such as being able to talk to animals or ghosts--and I've only played 5/6 characters. (Sargon is horrid for single-player.)This structure may sound reminiscent to Majora's Mask fans. In that game you would have three-days to stop the end of the world, and you couldn't accomplish every side-story within that time-frame. So you would reset time and all the events. You would then have to plan out which side-story you wanted to discover by memorization.The difference between MM's and MH's is that MH relies on RNG to shape how and when you experience these side-stories. You may not have the ""Wise"" rating to do a Wise action; you may not have enough money to buy something special; you may not have--you get the idea.While it may be a unique quality, I think most would find this system tedious. If every single story/character was as interesting as another special event, then maybe this system could work. However, some interactions are only flavor text and others have zero connection to how you develop your character.Bare-Bones DevelopmentThe store-page boasts that MH is a ""cooperative personality test"", which is outright false. Even in the core gameplay, there is very little customizable options to shape your character. This is an issue where I think the gameplay is at odds with the game's ideas of character development.Your personalities are determined by the accumulation of your actions--but only the options you can unlock due to your history. Instead of, for example, leveling up an atrribute in an RPG to get a special result (like speech for wise-asses), the system is reversed; your actions define who you are. So you can't have a wise person do something foolish, or a fool stumble upon wisdom.Now that sounds like a good idea on paper. However, because of how short of a time-frame you have to play and how many of those choices are binary (be a d0uche or be a good-guy), you don't really make a character. You just stumble into it.What I think was a mistake was where the rest of the game was spent, the combat system. The rest of the game is a simplified Gauntlet. Each character has three abilities for a specific role. Upgrades give you stat boosts to those abilities, but none change how you play or is shaped by your character traits. (You don't even use all the buttons on a standard controller.)Enemies all basically charge at you in masse, and boses spam basic attacks or use the same tactic with large HP bars. They aren't interesting to fight nor rewarding to win against when the combat can feel broken for some characters.  And with six characters total and with so short of a game, I don't think the combat will keep your interested more than it needs to. In fact, after a while, you'll often run to the nearest exit to avoid the combat system.I would say that this system is harmless but because it's the main focus of the gameplay outside of your choices I can't help but think how much better the game would be if it the combat was taken away, The gameplay needed something to shape around the choices you made to make the characterization of your choices matter.Needs More Gameplay Storytelling, Less Expository WritingIf I had to point to an example for Moon Hunters to learn on how to make its RNG Storytelling better, I would point to the Civilization games. Or for something more simplier (for a game around 60 to 90 mins), Armello.Both of these games utilized the player's choices as well as limitations on each playable character to create the stories from the gameplay itself. Stat-increases or debuffs would push the player to tailor their playstyle one way while the other gameplay systems would offer the freedom to define the player through their actions.(Ex. You could make a communist America or a Democratic China in Civ. You could succumb to the Plague as Zorro or find some other means for victory in Armello.)The most important part about these games is that the gameplay does not interfere with shaping the narrative. In fact, it makes it feel like the player's actions are the result of their story rather than being told who they are.In contrast to these ideas are Moon Hunter's epilogues/constellations, They have almost zero bearing on the characters you create or they are outright false. (Unless they're supposed to be outright lies told as myths.)For example, if you die at the final boss, the epilogue says you lived to be much older. Or a single-action you made at the end of the game redefined your character into something completely different. Or some actions will have no bearing on your legacy.As mentioned before, nothing of the combat system develops or shapes your character in the epilogue. You would think learning a buff called Blood Magic might be a tabooish-thing that would influence your character. (Consequences are something that is absent in MH besides denying you content to access on your run. Even praying as sacrilege at the Sun altar gives you something good.)That is just one idea for how to make the gameplay matter more to the player's created story. The point is the entirety of MH's gameplay should be ultized in shaping the characters if it wants to strives for better RNG storytelling, and I think that is MH's biggest untapped potential.Another Story Etched in the StarsI realize I've been solely pointing out flaws and missed opportunities with this game. All of it is said with fondness for the devs trying something different while I don't think it has succeeded with any one of its ideas.While I may not find anything superb in its writing or narrative, there is a lot of dedication put into the art-style, the music and the overall world of Moon Hunters. I would be lying if I did not say I enjoyed the discovery aspect of the game.Sometimes it's games with the most flaws that we have the most love toward, which speaks highly of what was created when we desire something greater."
76561198013723081,Recommended,320040,23843883,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Here is my review of Moon Hunters:Pro:`Great Storyline. It could be based on a actual old legend!`Multiple Characters to choose from (plus 2 hidden ones!)`Multiple Endings`Cooking!`Random Maps! Some maps are fixed, such as the 1st map the player starts on`Great Musical Score!`ARPG basically..`Different skills per character you play!Cons:`Repetitive once you beat it once. It can get boring doing it over and over again to get everything in the game`Some maps are fixed and are always the same event on them!`Getting Moon Opals(Money) is quite hard and must be farmed for!Multiplayer is SO-SO online: Last time i played the game online with others there were some disconnection bugs..still it is quite fun to play. There are also some map bugs when you play online, but the game is pretty playable even when online...so yea, multiplayer online is fun. Don't  be put off by these small hiccups though, you just need to friend someone on the forums here and invite them automatically into the game..it bypasses the lobby code on the game..Anyway, the pro's outweight the cons in my personal opinion."
,Recommended,320040,29863434,Posted: 11 February,all,Perfect Imperfection,"This is without a doubt one of the smartest games about storytelling that I have played. The gameplay is that of a well-crafted dungeon crawl, with your hero being one of seven distinct characters with variable play styles. They have set moves, but they can be upgraded through the game, so your play will be subtlely different each time.The real strength of the game comes from the story, however. You start out remembering the legend of your hero, but much of the story has been forgotten. As you play through, you will uncover abilities such as speaking with the dead, or cooking with different foods, and those abilities carry into future playthroughs, allowing different reactions to events you have seen before. This is a new style of story in games for me, and is a very intelligent way of making a game replayable.A full run-through will last between 45 minutes and one hour, but it is very easy to immediately run again, to find out how you can do something different.I have, at time of reviewing, completed eight runs of the game and defeated the Endless Arena once, but I know there is a lot more of the game to discover. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,320040,30933816,Posted: 3 April,all,Localtyrant,"The pros of this game are many:-Bite-sized gameplay of about 30ish minutes for a storyline.- Each of the playable characters feel unique, fun and challenging/rewarding.- It is also rewarding to try new team combinations; you'll find you emphasize different parts of each character.- The art, music and graphics all are wonderful.- The universe, writing and themes are well crafted and left me thinking about stories, gaming and culture.The cons are fewer:- The ""personality test"" component is somewhat shallow and can sometimes feel arbitrary.  Whether or not you choose to pray at a statue or observe a statue can mean the difference between bravery and foolishness.- The short-ish gameplay is convenient, but it does make me feel like I only got to play with a fully realized character on one or two missions.- The game works best with more players; it is difficult to play casually alone.If you have one or two friends who would play a 30ish minute game with cool art, themes and strategy, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,320040,30652985,Posted: 21 March,all,EriCordeiro,"As a concept, Moon Hunters is unique and interesting: a co-op procedualy generated RPG.Unlike most rogue-likes and rogue-lites, Moon Hunters aspires to find the balance between top-down action combat and multiple-choice dialogue. Choices have light consequences, such as determining the outcome of single (or in rarer cases, chains of) events, but mostly they affect your character atributes and personalities, which, in turn, may enable other interactions or lock you out of a few.The most interesting aspect, however, is that, after completing a run (spanning something between 30 mintues and 1 hour), your character gets added to the constellations. After unlocking at least 2 or 3 of the possible endings, you'll open the battle arena (and its boss), where you can play as any of your characters who have completed a run.The problems however are in the presence of minor bugs and, most notably very flawed action segments: characters get stuck in statics and enemies, stutters happen rather often, there are no invincibility frames (leading to you getting stunlocked at times) and some enemies don't have visual queues for their attacks (mainly the ghosts).While the game itself is rather easy even on hard, these issues mount up in arena, making the 30 waves acchievement a real chore to get.All in all, I can't recommend this game at full price, unless Kitfox games actually polishes up the main gameplay and iron out a few interaction bugs."
76561198071007747,Recommended,320040,24414223,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sycophantly,"Played through the first time as a spellsword, having no clue what to expect. Sang to the stars every night and became known as very foolish. Upped my charm a whole bunch and made friends with all the villages. Reached the final boss and instead of fighting accidentally ran away and married him. 10/10 best game"
76561198028456394,Not Recommended,320040,32017515,Posted: 28 May,all,WindSheep,"A single run of this game is all it takes to see how deep it is.Extremely repetitive, huge areas with boring combat mechanics, unimpactful dialog choices that do not affect the way you apprehend the game.The next runs will be about getting the game achievements (ie: getting all the constellations, unlocking animals/spirtis dialogs, solving the only puzzle of the game ...). If you want more details go checkout other negative reviews.At least the art is good."
76561197980884118,Recommended,320040,32669220,Posted: 23 June,all,Jackrel,"I actually bought this game simply because it had an interesting gimmick where your stats and game ending are tied into how you deal with social encounters, which makes the game play like an rpg with a built in personality test! But holy hot hell do I love this game. So far the only issue i have had was with trying to play online with my friend, which i assume was borked because i was on a slow network that has been having some noticeable issues lately. But still. This game is definately worth looking at. Its fun, its different, it has a caste of charming features and oh.. it plays quick with more features and story unlocking with each consecutive play through. Buy it! I need more hunters in my party to help me find the moon!"
,Recommended,320040,28297651,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,f4ri007 [Fijú],Great game however the online co-op crashes a lot. I mean a LOT. it discourages us to play and makes the game hard to progress.
76561198039423148,Recommended,320040,23951324,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,omgz0rg,"Let's keep it short, because the game kinda is:- Great soundtrack- Short story, but easily repeatable- multiple (hidden) endings- ""food crafting"" more or less- The voice acting in the cutscenes is great, shame there's not more of itIt's fun if you're the type of person to persue all endings, but it's not worth the buy if you don't.NOTE: Play it with friends, you'll have more fun, even though the multiplayer is bugged as all hell."
,Recommended,320040,26285790,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BottomFeeder,"Charming game good atmosphere. Very smooth. Great soundtrack though very limited in selection.It's failing are that it draws from a very very shallow pools of random components each playthrough, so on the second playthrough 85%ish of what you see is going to be something you have already encountered.Was fun to play through twice, so expect to get something similar to my hours played of enjoyment out of it. I'd say its worth 5$ and reccomend you the reader buy it for that price when available."
76561198011263543,Recommended,320040,21807290,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"While its true moon Hunters Has alot of flaws, The campaign is short, It is pretty buggy, The combat is a little repetitive.I have to say there really is something special about It that keeps me coming back. Sitting down with a couple people and just playing is loads of fun and engaging, and even if the campaign is short, It is meant to be that way, The game isnt quite a rogue like but it is meant to be played as one, you start over again when you finish carrying through only minimal things from before. but those things can make a difference. I do reccomend this game, but not as a solo or an online game. As a great couch coop game."
,Recommended,320040,21755067,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mike,"Moon Hunters is a procedural mythology game about weaving stories, defining characters, fighting monsters, uncovering secrets, and telling tales. It's a lot of fun, looks beautiful, and has a gorgeous sound track.As a little extra: Moon Hunters understands a lot about how to make procedural generation more meaningful. In most procedural RPGs, you come across little events or random encounters, and that's it. That feels underwhelming - it's a bit like being dealt a hand of cards. You might not have seen those cards in that combination before, but it doesn't make it special. Moon Hunters is a bit more like a tarot reading. The encounters you have become compiled into who your character is and what they're doing, and they become part of a little story about you. So you didn't just come across a chest with a thing in - because you were Patient, you meditated under a tree and understood more about your quest for vengeance. Or you didn't. Or you found a cat instead and that was way cuter."
,Recommended,320040,22230568,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Witch Queen,"TL;DR the devs care about their game and will do what they can to fix any issues you encounter with the game. All you need to do is take the time to contact them.--Honestly, there are plenty of reviews on the gameplay for this game, so I'm going to do something a little different and talk about my experience with the developers instead. I will of course say I greatly enjoy the gameplay and bite sized play sessions Moon Hunters has to offer before I start. Now moving on to the bulk of what I want to say...I've had a wonderfully pleasant experience with the devs of this game. I'll preface this by saying as my current profession I work as a QA tester in videogames, for an outsource company rather than in house with an actual game company. So I have has plenty of experiences with different game developers across many different projects that have all varied in size. This is one of the few times I've reported an issue not as an employee but as a client. I really enjoyed Kit Fox's game Shattered Planet, so I was completely on board when this game came out. I bought it right away but didn't play until several days after release because I don't really play games on weekdays. I waited for the weekend. When the time came to play I was impressed by the beautiful visuald and simple, yet compelling gameplay. Before I could finish a full run, which takes around an hour or so depending on the class you play I ended up needing to close the game. This is where my problems started.When I came back to the game 20 or so minutes later I was unable to load my save. I got caught in an endless loading screen. So I did what came natural as a QA tester. For about an hour I tried various troubleshooting methods to see if I could somehow get the game to load, but to no avail. I was extremely disheartened and took to the forums to see if others were having similar issues. There I found some threads where Tanya Short had personally replied to users having other issues, and supplied her e-mail for people with issues to send more information. Now, had this been a AAA company I probably would not have even bothered contacting them knowing my own experiences from work as well as the times in my leisure at home where I had encountered issues with games but never been given a reply by devs... but knowing these were Indie devs I decided to give it a shot. Who knows, maybe this issue had gone under their radar. I wrote to Tanya, being sure to attach my save in my first e-mail, and gave a brief summary of what happened leading up to me being unable to load the game. To my surprise within a few short hours she replied to me saying she had sent off my save to their programmer, Henk, and asking for my output log to see if they could gather more information about the issue from what was in it. It was the weekend, so it was extremely suspiring Tanya would take the time to contact me. I sent the output log and patiently waited for what would come next.A couple days later I received an e-mail from Henk Boom. There was a save file attached. He told me he had managed to create a fix for my save personally, apologized for the inconvenience, and then said he was looking into a long term fix to prevent this issue from happening to other players. I was blown away by the care these devs had placed into delivering me a superior experience as a client. I hadn't received this kind of treatment with any other developer before. And sometimes at work the devs seem more upset than appreciative when we find issues, even though they're paying us to find them haha. These devs are truly passionate about their game. I had been disheartened and unmotivated to play the game again, even though each playthrough would be a short time investment, until this moment. So I finished the playthrough on the save Henk sent me, which was literally 5 minutes from the end of the game, and then I played more more.Knowing this I can give this game a thumbs up and my whole hearted recommendation to anyone who is intrigued by the premise and gameplay of Moon Hunters. If you encounter an issue the devs will go above and beyond to make this a pleasant experience for you. They care about making Moon Hunters a successful project that their name is tied too, and for me they have done exactly that. Thank you, Kitfox, for being such supportive and dependable developers."
,Recommended,320040,29881246,Posted: 12 February,all,Mochure,"This game is beautiful. However, It suffers in its online side.  It is built with lobbies in mind and has no matchmaking system to speak of (As of the time of writing this review, that is).Thus I have made a group to help ease off this issue, it is not a permanent solution, yet it can at least help for the time being until the devs patch this issue.The group is called (Moon Hunters Online).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Moon_Hunters_OnlineAnyone who wishes to join and play online with others then feel free to come. With this, we can at least experience the online side of this game freely."
76561198014746288,Not Recommended,320040,29956081,Posted: 15 February,all,Similarly Hunger Games Related,The game looks fun and cool but it is impossible to play online Co-op. Even after multiple patches people STILL dc. This wouldn't be so bad but you have NO WAY of knowing when someone dcs unless you are talking to them on another platform. If someone DCs and you click a textbox you will be stuck and unable to proceed-> you have to alt-f4 as there is no way to regain the menu functionality and the game will wait for other players to mark the conversation as read. This means the game won't save either and you'll have to restart. I really want to play this game with my friends and have heard phenomenal reviews but unless you arer playing locally it DOES NOT WORK.
,Not Recommended,320040,21757787,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Severed Head of St. Catherine,This game boasts procedural generation when in reality the effects it has on the game is minimal. This game is extremely bare bones and does not offer much replayability in regards to story and gameplay. I managed to play through the game 3 times in 100 minutes. I beat the final boss the second time and all I recieved was a different ending cutscene and a new map which doesn't add much gameplay wise. Gameplay consisted of either slowly picking off enemies using the same basic attacks while trying to avoid damage and running past everything trying to find the exit because I had no health.The trait system is odd and seemed like a good idea but was underused. You get one or two traits early on depending on a vague choice and then if you are lucky you get the chance to use them. (I never did)Pros:-Great Soundtrack-Good Cutscenes-Character DesignCons:-Low replay value-Combat is meh-AI constantly gets stuck in place-Weird hitboxes on the enemies with frontal protection (you have to hit them from an angle? I think?)-Feels bare bones and underdevelopedI was hyped for this game and am severly dissapointed. I'm sure this game could be great if they added more features and diversity in gameplay but until then ¯\_(ツ)_/¯(Also people comparing this game to Zelda and Diablo are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao)
,Recommended,320040,24239544,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"At the moment i'm enjoying this game, it is quite tough to complete it perfect but it is a sort of miniadventure arcade style, divided in episodes, (i can see 4 avaiable right now at the beginning) rpg with hack'n'slash combat, programmed to be completed several times in order to unlock more characters, perks, levels ingame to unleash new finals of each character. Not bad at all."
,Recommended,320040,29344586,Posted: 18 January,all,Silvermind,"Fun game.  Play it with my 6 year old and a couple of friends.  It's repetitive and I wouldn't play it for multiple play throughs in one sitting, but for a play through here and there it's perfect.Still have not found the moon :)P.S. I've only played this online once when it was still in beta, worked fine then.  Primarily play this co-op on the Steam Link."
76561198005956828,Recommended,320040,26212172,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Kuregan,"What an incredible little gem. I never would have expected I'd have so much fun with this game. I played for 4 hours today and suddenly realized it was 3AM. If you are looking for a game you can play with friends both with local co-op and online co-op, you should check this out. My only complaint is that the enemy AI has some issues with ranged attacks, but it's not really about that.The style was better than the impression it gave me through the trailers, the character selection was really unique, not a lot of selection (6 characters total after unlocks I think?) but each of the characters is so unique that it makes for a different experience each time, and the randomized events and world makes for a lot of replayability.Definitely worth the $14.99Edit 12/8/16 - they just added free new content and a huge overhaul. I wish I could recommend this twice."
76561198056497556,Recommended,320040,33568786,Posted: 15 July,all,SirKawaine,"On a whim me, and my two friends began playing this in his living room by connecting two PS4 controllers, and then we proceeded to play this game for the next 4 1/2 hours, Honestly one of the best experiences I've had in gaming. There are many unique concepts in this game such as the use of this Legacy system, and the lobby being the ""galaxy"" of sorts, being able to go back and look at past playthroughs was one of the best things. I haven't tried the online multiplayer except for ab bit so while some people have been saying the servers are laggy I didn't have this problem much. But if you do buy this game I would 199% recommend playing in the same room with the people you are playing with because it makes the experience so rich. After those initial hours it tended to drift off in a sense as in the variety within the game seemed weaken as we couldn't easily figure out the other endings, we kept getting extremely similar batches of text after each playthrough when we played. And when I played my 1st playthrough online all of our characters had different constellations and backstories. I feel like if possible making that more cohesive as in having the same backstory for all players in the same party it would allow a more immersive experience. Those are pretty much my only gripes, but overall great game. Thanks for sharing the vision with the gaming community and please keep making more games. 10/10"
76561198042281318,Not Recommended,320040,30185419,Posted: 25 February,all,Sairvell,"I really wanted to like Moon Hunters.I applaud the character art and the attempt at mythic storytelling. I appreciate the idea of using various musical themes to create different moods. I enjoy rock-scissors-paper style twitch action. I don't mind pixel art. Some of my favorite games have very minimal graphics. Procedural generation and replayability, especially with new unlocks or a different perspective on a previous scene, are devices that I enjoy in games.But somehow, all these ingredients that I generally like, all piled together, didn't make a game I particularly enjoyed.Maybe it's the feeling that disparate elements are taped together, cobbled from three or four different projects, with vastly different production values. The whole thing feels like it was programmed in at least two different development engines, by different game directors.Take the dialog graphics, for instance. A whole series of well-rendered, hand drawn images pop up for the many brief and cryptic conversations that your character has over the course of his or her five day journey. I really liked the style and the mishmash of different cultures, that could have been clumsy and clashing, but came together for me, creating this idea that the story exists in some universal land of the ancient subconscious. The whole of the story feels like a dream related by moonbeam.But then you get into the bulk of the game, wandering around in a muted low-res pixel art world that feels like cardboard cut-outs for an elementary school play. The action sequences also feel like the kids table, with goofy, simple sound effects, unidentifiable monsters and long slow explorations of mostly bland procedurally generated locations.The soundtrack is another disjointed example, with pieces evoking a wide variety of moods. I didn't think they were all bad, but  none I wanted to hear again. Worse, one short track would run for an entire long run through one of the zones, grating on my nerves. The vocal tracks, in particular, had a nails-on-chalk-board quality. The different tracks often felt like they belonged in wildly different games.The whole story of the game is bookended with a tremulous sounding girl who sounds like she's reading into a too-hot microphone in a junior high gym. Music plays over her boring, uninspired narration, making for the opposite of an ear worm. Fortunately, these cinematics are skippable; yet, they tell the major beats of the story.There are several different characters to play, some unlockable. They feel different from one another, which should be a good thing, except they are wildly unbalanced. The first character I played the game with, and got through to what seems like the end boss, had such awesome crowd control and great range that, unless I was fighting a mini-boss with an unstoppable attack, I just stood still, firing off my crowd control every few seconds, holding down the left mouse button the entire time to blast off my ranged attack: boring.The game does create a summary of the choices you've made along the way that tells like a pre-historic legend, creating the feeling that there is a depth here, but each time I played, I got the same tedious boss fight at the end. For all the attempts at symbolism and poerty, setting up the ancient world of the unconscious (i.e. the Moon People) versus the rational and modern (i.e. the Sun People), it all seems to go back to an empty, repetitive, under-developed and unattractive pixel art fighting game.I'm not saying that the developers didn't try or that there aren't some interesting ideas, cool art, and great characters, but they're all paper thin. The center seems to be in exploring the story through repeated playthroughs, to unravel what's really going on. But instead it all feels like the short, odd track of music that belonged in some other game, repeating over and over as I explored yet another bland pixel forest, looping and going nowhere."
,Recommended,320040,21755026,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Over 9000,"it is a beautiful game with high replayability ,beautiful soundtrack, a mysterious world, the possibility to discover a infinite number of ""worlds"" because of the random generated maps.just give it a try you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,320040,33136164,Posted: 2 July,all,ItalianNose,"This game, is not the type you play once and uninstall, you play it a lot of times and the outcome of each game is diferent than the other.The animation, the music are awesome. I could listen to the music of this game and never get tired of it.The flaw in this game, is that your character becomes too powerfull and the the challenges become quite easy."
76561198118259414,Recommended,320040,23880077,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cyan Knight,"Dispite all of the negative comments, this game is still getting updated and is still fixing bugs.This game is a RPG like choose your own story. It has beautiful graphics and music, this game does run on RNG and it might screw you over or help you. People are saying you need to ""farm"" for the currency but that prevents you form being too overpowered becuase those upgrades do help you alot. I dont know what else to put besides this game was worth the money.Have a nice day!"
,Not Recommended,320040,29930810,Posted: 14 February,all,[OT]Nekrage,"Unplayable.A large portion of the community has been informing the developer about a game breaking stuttering issue during coop play.The developer has responded to the thread, pushing the blame on the massive amount of users rather than admitting that this game is broken.If your goal is to play this game with some friends please know that this mode is infested with game breaking stutters to the point that the game is barely playable."
,Recommended,320040,28819767,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Senpai_Tyler,Amazing game. The lore is incredible and the gameplay is amazing. Highly recommened to those who love stories with deep lore.
,Recommended,320040,32749697,Posted: 24 June,all,gravyboatcaptain,"This game is really fun, a short playthrough, but designed for multiple runs. The soundtrack and the art is beautiful. I just wish I had more people to play it with, as it's a ton more fun co-op. Worth the buy, especially during the sale."
76561198071241762,Recommended,320040,21877546,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kama,"Honestly this is a great game, I went into it thinking it MIGHT be an OKAY investmet for $15 but after just a few minutes this game basically stole my heart. even though the story is incredibly short, each run you gain access to more and more features that change the way you can play and change interactions with characters but unless you were told that all of these extra features weren't unlocked yet you would have no clue, from the first run this game felt incredibly complete, after one run I gained access to a new class, another I gained the access to talk to animals, and so many more things after that, really cool system to unlock new features. on top of this even though 1 run may only take an hour (solo) at the end of each run the game gives you a fantastic feeling of continuity by generating a story about your characters life which makes every character you play feel important. i've yet to get to play much co-op but what little I have was a fantastic experience. Another great thing about this game that really  suprised me was the sound track, its fantastic for a indie game, thats about all I can say about it, google it if your considering buying the game (since everyone has their own taste in music).Incase you don't want to read the whole review i'll summarize:PROS:- fairly cheap-fun gameplay (for this genre)- great sound track-high replayability-great progression system-gives a sense of continuity-fun co-op-good bug report systemCONS:-does have its bugs-short story (IMO)-steep learning curb for most classes-difficulty spike between regular gameplay and bosses/ final boss (IMO)PS:if your hving trouble in the begining try the Druid, he tends to be much easier to play than the other three starting classes"
76561198042507739,Not Recommended,320040,35013715,Posted: 16 September,all,The Ding,"I feel like this game has a lot of heart, a LOT of heart, so I feel bad discounting it.  However there's a lot to be desired from the basic mechanics of the game.  While it has a couple different classes, each only gets a couple different moves none of which have much depth to them.  Between that and a fairly cut and dry enemy roster, you're left spamming the same buttons in roughly the same way for an hour until you get to the end of the run.  In addition, the risk/reward balance of the game is fairly non-existent.  Currency from killing monsters gets spent on mechanical upgrades to kill monsters more effectively...but most upgrades add very little to your stopping power and most enemies go down easy anyway.  In fact, most enemies can just be outrun without much consequence.  Even dying isn't much of a threat, it just brings you forward to the next area.Despite these gripes the feeling of lore, deeper story, and creating the myth as you go all feel great.  I ran through the game a couple times just to experience the style of the game alone.  That said, once I figured out how irrelevant combat was I spent most of my time just ignoring it entirely and skipping large sections of what was definitely meant to be an intergral part of the game.  It's sad because this feels like a balance issue which could be solved by moving a few numbers around and changing how the difficulty works, but without that fix the game is essentially just a fairly nice visual novel with a lot of running from point A to point B in the middle."
76561197995382211,Recommended,320040,30071776,Posted: 20 February,all,fiasco.joe,"Many of the reviews I've seen call this game ""smart"".  It is.  But it's more than that.  This game is wise.  It has a soul, and it has something to say that needs to be heard.  I found Moon Hunters at a point in my life when I was wrestling with exactly the sorts of themes explored in it.  So I may be biased.  I think this game is art.  Please enjoy it."
76561198001599791,Recommended,320040,22187131,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sb,"A nicely crafted story-driven action rpg. Character progression is driven by narrative decisions, a novel change that helps reinforce immersion. One playthrough is rather short, but luckily the game is designed for multiple playthroughs with character unlocks and randomly generated events. The music is absolutely phenomenal and the writing top-notch."
,Recommended,320040,25477810,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Gay Wizard,"Moon hunters is a really neat game, you'll find yourself constantly wondering what the story is. I think the most amazing feature of this game is it's replayability, given the different randomized events that can happen throughout the different locations, personality traits and characters you meet. In an even more delightful turn of events, this game practically begs you to play it with friends - giving you large incentive in the mechanics.During each phase of the 5 days, you get mornings full of exploration and nights at camp. Party members can cook or do many tasks in the camp to improve stats that are significant to the combat and their specific character. Most of these also trigger events that involve story tied to your decisions through dialogue and action within day segments or within the camp also.I noticed the Leader of the group in your co-op is determined by charisma, which I thought is rather fitting.My favorite part of this game was the varying skills and the replayibility due to it's random generation. Having shopkeepers scattered about with random skills did ease you into a sort of gameplay that led you to enjoy the curiosity to itself.If your a fan of good art, storytelling and beautiful soundtracks you don't need to second-guess purchasing this title.My biggest peeve was a lack of some kind of journal or quest system, though respecting this game is kind of amazing in that you should not look anything up and simply get lost within it with friends. Find some different ways to play and such.I think my least favorite part was enemy diversity. Though the  combat is not in any means easy or repetitive given most enemies have mechanics that enforce you to stay alert and think!I think a steam sale with this in a group pack would be amazing. I hope the game is still being worked on with planned updates, too - as I think it has a unique possibility to add to itself quite a lot, though I still don't even know just how far it goes!"
76561198053653124,Recommended,320040,23469372,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"Moon Hunters is a phenomenal game. It's truly unique and offers an experience like no other! The soundtrack, the game play, the characters, the story and setting...it's absolutely stunning and unforgettable.There isn't much to say about this game other than, it's probably one of the most beautiful and engrossing games I've played in a long while. Every aspect about the game is truly pleasing and enjoyable.Features:Several Characters (I think 7, including the unlockable ones)Character Progression (improves skills and abilities by purchasing upgrades with currency at the vendors).Ever changing experience (without spoiling it, the game offers a different story nearly every time you play)Beautiful Soundtrack...absolutely stunning!Single Player and Multiplayer modesYou actually build your character. You don't just add stat points and armors...you create a story for them. You can go to ""camp"" and can cook, rest, stand guard, star gaze, or go hunting. Each activity presents you with a scenario in which you mush decide how your character would respond and that determines your stats and legacy. This is probably my favorite aspect of the whole game!Notes:The ONLY issues I've had were in multiplayer. While playing online, I noticed that I was able to control my partner with my KB and was able to cast their abilities for them...this doesn't interrupt their own inputs, and does not affect the gameplay at all..Also, there is a strange issue where sometimes one player will talk to an NPC, and the dialogue doesn't come up for the second player, and no one can progress until the dialogue has been answered by both players...this requires a restart and loss of progress."
,Recommended,320040,28266918,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[3xi7],Though my account says I havent played this game much. I played it locally with two friends and had a good time. You need to get involved with the story. It's a bit like watching a movie with your friends and♥♥♥♥♥♥talking the whole way through. Gameplay is quite fun. I played before the most recent update too which added a few thing I am keen to experience.But yea I'd only recommend it if you have some friends to play it with.
,Not Recommended,320040,30362021,Posted: 6 March,all,Tattooed Heart,"I have quite mixed feelings regarding Moon Hunters. From first impression of the game, I thought it would be my type of game, cause I like that decisions I make effect the outcome of the game. However, it wasn't really the case, it affects personality traits, which effects certain aspects of the game, such as you need to be wise/patient in order to do certain activites. Personality traits determine how you are ""remembered"". For instance, one time I was, seductive,  compassionate and patient and I was remembered as Dre, The Tree of Life. I feel quite disppointed in the lack of main storyline as it will ended within ""3 days"" until the final battle against the Sun Cult King. From reading the achievements, there is different paths and storylines for different senarios/characters. But as for now, I haven't seen enough to say I would recommend this game to anyone else. It is a good game to pass time and play randomly if I don't wanna play something big.Anyways, I don't really feel neither postive or negative about the game, but I currently would not recommend this game to any friends. Especially for the price tag of the game, if it was much cheeper, I would consider it a good game for cheap."
76561197968604113,Recommended,320040,26606581,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Manifest Goodburger,"Charming title with some interesting ideas by attempting to add an unfolding narrative to the rogue lite genre. Playthroughs are a satisfying 40 approx per run. Presentation is nice, especitally the music. Combat is a slightly on the simplistic side, i'd say if your looking for twitch gameplay this probably isn't the title for you. The games strengths are in the world building, atmosphere and presentation."
,Not Recommended,320040,29255715,Posted: 14 January,all,Lifewaker,"Fun action to co-op with friends when the online actually works.  I enjoyed the action combat and character variety.  Moon Hunters attempts to do many things with its intertwining systems, but ends up being incredibly simple.  Said systems are transparent and easy to break down after just one or two playthroughs, leaving little mystery."
,Not Recommended,320040,31230009,Posted: 18 April,all,Kingdom,Me and my friend played it for an hour or so and unfortunately the stuttering issue caused me to refund the game. If the devs fixed this I could enjoy it... it's such a shame as well because the game is REALLY interesting and fun! :(
76561198076562751,Recommended,320040,24512407,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Demetrio,"Have friends? Great! Play this game, dont look in wikias and guides, amaze yourself and have fun"
,Recommended,320040,29968734,Posted: 16 February,all,WOW VERY SHOT,Gained intellect by not stomping on a little spider.I love this game
,Recommended,320040,21880894,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Psicadet,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. I can't emphasize enough how much I love playing this game just to be a part of the world.I've played the game through 8 or 9 times now. Most times I've played by myself, and a few games I've played in a group of two. Every time I play, I find new puzzles to figure out, new story lines to follow, and more twists I didn't expect.Above all else, this game is about creating mythologies over multiple lifetimes. It thrives on being played a few times in a row.Some might say this game is too short, which I'd understand. I, however, really liked this game. I'll be continuing to play it for at least a few more play-throughs, or at least until I figure out a few or puzzles."
,Recommended,320040,21760440,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,aiua42,"Really nice game!The art and music are great.Gameplay is good, though I have only played solo for now and I suspect the game is even more fun in coop.A single playthrough is not very long (less than 1h I'd say) but you unlock stuff for next playthroughs so replayability is very good.There are a few minor bugs and the online mode does not seem ready, but even like that I heartily recommend the game.(full disclosure: I know one of the devs)edit: the setup is not really user-friendly, but the online mode do work!"
76561198043663357,Recommended,320040,21872930,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PaleMimic,"Moon Hunters is a fairly intriguing, story based indie game, with several RPG and rogue-like elements. It is, however, a fairly short game but it makes up for it in the fact that is has a lot of replay value. You take on the role of a member of the Moon Cult who worship the Pale Dancer, the goddess of the moon. However, the moon has mysteriously disappeared and you are tasked with finding it. Alongside this you discover the Sun Cult, your enemies, are trying to take over the world. And so you are tasked with defeating the leader of the Sun Cult, ""King"" Mardokh, as well as recovering the moon. There are four classes to choose from when you first start the game, however there are two more which can be acquired via certain events in the story. The four classes are; Druid, Occultist, Witch and Spellblade. Each of these classes have their own unique skills, the Druid can transform into a wolf, the Occultist can create small worm holes, the Witch can shoot lasers and the Spellblade can use whirlwind attacks. These skills can also be upgraded stats like damage, stamina cost or ability duration. There are also several stats that can be upgraded, depending on how you approach certain situations and how you choose to spend the night. To name a few, you’ve got; endurance, which increases the amount of health you have, there’s also strength, which increases your physical damage and charm, which increases your leadership, making it so people will listen to you can fall for your charms, and yes flirting is also an option at some points. These are to just name a few and it’s fairly obvious how they help you out in the fray. Speaking of which, combat in Moon Hunters is fairly simple. Face the direction you wish to attack in and press the attack button, dodge with the designated key and use your special ability with the other. Enemies are also unique per area, with giant lion beasts in the desert to tiny beetle creatures in the forest. They all have different attack patterns and sometimes require you to take a different approach in order to take them out.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphically the game has a beautiful pixel art style combined with the wonderfully hand drawn characters shown in dialogue sections. The colour scheme used is bright and pleasing to the eye, providing a clear distinction between each setting. Which fits nicely alongside the fantastic soundtrack, which wonderfully expresses the fantasy vibe.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall Moon Hunters is a lovingly crafted fantasy experience with distinct RPG and rogue-like elements which can be played in both Single player and Co-op. Despite the short story it still has a lot of replay value and each time you replay you’ll discover something completely different. I’d highly recommend this game to anyone, if you love RPG games then it’s a must. But whatever the case it’s a game that’s clearly has had a lot of effort and time put into it and well worth a look. Good Day!"
,Recommended,320040,24097946,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shmrie,"really beautiful game. I love the music and the watercolour paintings of the characters as they talk with you etc. Definitely the strongest part of the game. I don't love how repetitive it is though and a lot of the playthrough feels sort of aimless, like I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be doing so I sort of just wander around until I die. I think if it were a little bit more clear what I'm supposed to accomplish beyond don't die and eventually beat the final boss, I would enjoy this game a lot more/not mind how repetitive it is. Still it is enjoyable to play and like I said already, beautifully made."
76561197961824676,Recommended,320040,21853926,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Flad Fox,"Great arcade RPG that is similar in play to older console games.  A good thing! (which I missed).  The art is great, music is generally good as well but one song is quite repetitive.  Classes are uniquely diverse and make great synergies from what I've seen.  Haven't tried co-op too much yet.  A fun game that isn't demanding with time to be enjoyed.The Mythical premise immediately drew me in, and this was an insta-buy on release.Thank you for this game."
,Recommended,320040,26757117,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ManShrimp,"Moon Hunters is a simple, easy-to-play game about decision making with light roleplaying and combat elements.  A full game can be played solo in 10 minutes to an hour.  Each play through adds to a chronology of characters which are stored for review.PROS:The game is rather casual and easy to pick up and put downControls are not very demandingThe difficulty is very mild which puts more emphasis on the decision making process that is core to the gameIn game references to past characters adds weight and scope to the gameworld in spite of it's short lengthCONS:Multiplayer has some de-sync issues that interrupt gameplay and ruin some of the experience from time to timeDifficulty does not appear to scale much and can become easy to the point of tediumCharacter classes are not balanced, some are quite powerful relative to othersThe combat portion of the game is quite repetitiveOverall I enjoy the game, but don't expect to get 10+ hours of playtime from it right away unless you really enjoy the completionist nature of the constellation system.  I feel that the game is missing more opportunities for boss style conflicts to add a sense of climax to each 'day' of a playthrough.  The quirky gameplay mechanics, however, are very charming and I hope to see more from this developer"
76561197997929041,Recommended,320040,21825969,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ShadowEyes999,Saved an injured snake in the desert. We became freinds and fought a giant golem together.It was a good day.
,Recommended,320040,26376759,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jackal,"I feel it's a great game, I am hoping for more hidden bosses, new playable characters and even move scenarios in the early or later future so that it can stay fresh, active and mostly exciting."
,Recommended,320040,25026903,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ProtagorasEmber,"Cannot say enough good things about this game.  Plan to make a full review soon.  Just doing my part to get that score up for now.This game is art.  Plain and simple.  It is a work of art.  There is so much subtlety and nuance involved in every playthrough but you don't really appreciate it until you journey on that particular playthrough is over.   8.5 hours in and I still haven't unlocked the 6th playable class yet.  I still havent seen all the game has to offer, not by far.And I could proabably play it an infinite number of times or close to it before I have the same playthrough a second time.  If I ever did.  Plan on dropping back later to give a proper review.  In the meantime, get this game, sale or not."
76561198153912646,Recommended,320040,21760310,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Strider,"Great story, music, gameplay and visuals. fun to chil and play with the lights off!"
,Recommended,320040,21755450,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,fayekasey,"I have only played this game for a short amount of time, but I am enamored by the art-style and overall quality of such a light RPG. The cut scenes are beautifully illustrated and the dialogue articulate. The game is meant to be explored several times through, enabling the player to discover new and refreshing classes, skills, and areas. As a co-op team, it is much more thrilling. It is interesting and unique to see each player's choices and decisions in real time. While the game does not provide much background or lore in the beginning, the universe still feels deeply thoughtful and story-rich.My only real critique of the game is the customization options. I am a left-handed gamer, and at the time of writing this review you are not able to rebind keys from WASD, which makes it more difficult for me to navigate versus the arrow keys."
,Recommended,320040,21759196,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Adondriel,"Devs said the first playthrough will be ~ 45mins - 2 hours, and yea. That was very true... didn't even feel like it was that long. Took me about 1.5 for my first full playthrough. second playthrough was much faster though. I really enjoy this game, I can talk to animals now! Super fun story and very immersive."
76561197977710789,Not Recommended,320040,22714648,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Caleb Simpson,"I have been hesitant to write a review because I feel conflicted about this game.  I was very excited for it and I wanted to play it with three buddies to have a some four-man co-op runthroughs, using teamwork and being total badasses.  My friends were skeptical and didn't purchase it.  I am, relucantly, glad for that, which is depressing.I have beaten this game twice on three characters and three times on the other three characters.  It feels like I have experienced a majority of the content and even while trying different playstyles and choices, am seeing the same scenes more often than I expected.  This is true of a lot of the ""choices"" in the game, that in the end, it either doesn't matter or is only an illusion.  The shops in particular are like this.  All of the items in the shop can pretty much be boiled down to: ""Makes it do more damage"".  It's not a gameplay changer, it's just a stat change.  Or at the very least, it's not a game altering choice.  You change nothing about what you've been doing.  Cooking is the exact same way.  A whole lot of variations of the same thing.There's a lot of gameplay in here I find intriguing, in concept at least.  It sounds great on paper, but the execution feels just a little off to me.  A prime example is the main design of the Bard, one of the unlockable classes in the game.  You play the Bard by walking constantly, kiting enemies at close range and using your low range abilities to either buff yourself/allies or damage enemies with DDs and DoTs.  You press buttons to play songs, the number of buttons and the order you press them in determine the effects.Left Click = Offense.Right Click = Defense.Spacebar = Support.Left click (Dmg) --> Right click (Def): Damage Over Time ability in an area around your character. Close range.Right click (Def) --> Left Click (Dmg): Hold still for a moment, then summon three red orbs that follow you, exploding on contact with nearby enemies.However, if you get hit, it interrupts your combo.  Right click (Defense) by itself forces your character to stand still until you finish that song.Try to get close to DoT up some baddies:Left click, get hit (interrupt combo), right click (since this is now the start of a combo, it forces you to stand still), get hit a few more times by enemies before you can force that combo to finish/it restarts again repeatedly, lose a quarter of your health and finally get away from them.  Your button presses were correct, the result is a horrible screaming death because you didn't time it well enough.  It's an extremely frustrating system (I did three complete playthroughs as the Bard).  I actually really enjoy the concept and I think it has a lot of potential.  I can see it making more sense in a multiplayer enviroment where other people are holding aggro, but I still can't help feeling that a MELEE glass cannon extremely dependant on NOT getting interrupted by melee hits is just not thought through very well.  Perhaps it could have had homing attacks, dropping little traps that you lead enemies through, having ""charges"" on certain abilities that fill up as you debuff targets.  Having a debuff that just INCREASES damage enemies take (slag from Borderlands anyone?).  Perhaps removing interrupts and instead having a more beat based system for that single character like Crypt of the Necrodancer but a caster system with spells to damage enemies by pressing buttons to the beat.  That would be an elaborate system to fit in this particular game though, so not all that practical.I'm not sure what the correct answer is, it just feels a little haphazard, which is pretty much my feeling about this game in general. =\ I tried to love you Moon Hunters, but all I can say is: meh."
76561198067851126,Recommended,320040,21759879,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dread Baron Beardly,People complain about the game being short. EACH game is short maybe but you dont play just one. I have played 5 games or so already today and each one has been different and fun. I plan on playing many more.*edit: I just popped on the game after a long time with new content. Look great!
76561198203860083,Not Recommended,320040,31733352,Posted: 13 May,all,jlmarinaro5,"I had very high hopes for this game. The art is stunning and the controls are actually not awful. But unfortunately that's all the game really has to offer. The gameplay is repetitive, and for a proceedurally generated game, there is slim to no replayability. The individual runs are short in nature, but feel dragged out and mind numbingly dull. There feels like there is no love put into the game play at all. The devs definitely cared about their art though, at that really came through. Even some of the music is really pretty and fitting. But that is absolutely no savior to this game. Quite a shame."
,Recommended,320040,21792659,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,I've only played one playthrough so far but it's fun and it seems like more is added each time you complete the game.
,Recommended,320040,32800096,Posted: 25 June,all,ClockworkElf,"The art is great and everything from the music to the effect animations make this a gem of a game. In a sense it's a game about stories and oral tradiotion. One retelling may not be the same ast the next.-It's interesting to replay and see how your actions change things. The type of person you are has an effect on the world.-I've mosty played single player, though did a bit of multiplayer with a friend.-I still haven't found everything.-Be prepared to loose all your moonstones if you don't plan properly"
76561198021918119,Recommended,320040,29049995,Posted: 5 January,all,Fear jc,Game is a hidden gem. Worth every $ I spent has so much replayability and will take you so many hours to find and discover everything it has to offer. Best sound track in a game to date.
,Recommended,320040,24447937,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,xChunn,"Up until the review I have played 4.5 hours of single player, this is how I used that time:First I played with Dumuzi the Spellblade, and since it was my first playthrough I played like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Each day I had to crawl to safety as each day i was felled by creatures.-I was compassionate and brave-Got a ♥♥♥♥ing turkey as a companion-I lost to Marok, leading to the Sun Age ending-ended game with 70-ish Moon moneyI said well, damn and played again this time using Heduanna the Ritualist-Cleared the stages i played-Met a talking cat-Recused a wolf clan girl from a witch called Baba Yaga-Unlocked the Song Weaver and Marok's brother as playable characters-Accidently attack a cult guy even though I was focusing on wisdom-Found a sun dog thing and made it my companion through intimidation-My dog died batting Marok-Cried-Beat Marok under 5 mins-Unlocked No-Sun age but everyone sad as♥♥♥♥♥♥ending-Ended game earnign over 400 moon money-Learned Spell blades are crap10/10 - Would attack a random cult member again"
76561198017912895,Recommended,320040,21773198,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Smuckas,"V2.0.3240 (updated review)This game is truly a fun gem reviving what most RPGs lack now adays, ROLEPLAYING and STORY (choices, random gen, different outcomes...etc) . The single player mode and multiplayer mode (4 max) are both very fun. However, the game would still benefit greatly and thrive from a ""quick join"" public lobby vs a steam invite and lobby join pin code system. While players enjoy joining random others for games the current mutliplayer system can be a bit akward for those that dont want to check the active community via steam  (who plays, whos online now, and who can I randomly befriend and coordinate a match with right now...?) All in all, this game and its devs are wonderful and it is a worthwhile game  to add to the library.Pros:*Combat is smooth on the keyboard and mouse, controller combat is much more fluid now*There are tons of points of interest and campfire roles, that develop your character in various ways changing the outcome of the game each time! It's  very similar to the game ""The Yawhg""*Random gen worlds*There are unlockable characters*Exploration is fun and encouraged*Unlockable character backgrounds that give more ""flavor"" to your roleplaying*Beautiful soundtrack*Replayability(Even your previous deaths are remembered in the world to help shape your new character)Needed fixes:*Quick join lobby (public)*Would love to see more character unlocks like ""Castle Crashers""*Would love to see more monster variation, bosses or attack styles"
,Recommended,320040,21767103,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jacque Choi,"Very fun game! Truly a unique experience.Highly polished visuals, an amazing soundtrack, wrapped up in a compelling world.Great for fans of Co-operative Rogue-like-ish Diablo/Zelda-ish 8-bit action/adventure RPG-ish type games."
76561197976480953,Recommended,320040,28962012,Posted: 2 January,all,d o p a t w o,kept me playing for hours. 6/6
76561198039319842,Recommended,320040,28573697,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Venomousfx,"Awesome roguelike game with beautiful pixel graphics, and music (awesome)."
,Recommended,320040,24450791,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mike.MAK | ZTM,Really good RPG. Old DND style make it special. If it support 4k display than should be perfect.
,Recommended,320040,30922355,Posted: 3 April,all,DistortedCrow,"The game itself is pretty and atmospheric, the fighting mechanics are diverse and the story and replayability are pretty good, due to winning the big battle at the end not being the REAL objective.But, there are certain problems for local multiplayer, for starters, even though each player can take different choices in all the events both players can only get to see the story that the 1P choices unleashes, making the second player somewhat like a Robin to some Batman :P. Also, if one player gets a familiar, it goes to the first player without mattering WHICH player got it! And that sucks.It's pretty great that it can be a game you play in sittings, as you can easily do a whole play through in about 30 mins to 1 hour if you're going fast or about 2 HS if you're letting it sink in.All in all, it's a pretty good game 7/10, not being an 8/10 mostly due to the local multiplayer thingie.For the price tag, such roughness in the multiplayer department shouldn't be present, in my opinion."
76561198076757628,Recommended,320040,26740165,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,YANDERE SENPAI ♥,omg its like a 8bit version with a in debth cool original story and every choice u make influences the game all togetherits like a Mix of Monsterhunters and Spirits!!! totally cool but wish the Multiplayer was much more simple to connect and that hitting LB on the Controller wouldnt just stop ur character in the Hub
,Recommended,320040,21818939,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,King Of Egypt,"The game is beautiful and very fun to play! I enjoyed my first playthrough of the game and while it was a bit short, I had a lot of fun and think I could definately play this game over and over again with the different characters and different towns since I can play in different ways every time!One thing that did annoy me about this game, however, was how much health the monsters and enemies in this game have! I know that it isn't supposed to be easy but it's very difficult when you get attacked by about 20 of the little, 'weak' enemies and all of them take about ten hits each! Even the boss battle seems a bit too difficult. I could see it easily taking over 20 minutes to win...Either way, I am leaving a positive review because the positives outweigh the negatives by a lot and it definately has a high degree of replayability and is very fun to play! :D"
76561197987744283,Recommended,320040,21801079,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,GnomishLich,"Disclaimer: I've only played solo/ local co-opMoon Hunters is an action/adventure game with rpg and story telling elements. The  combat for melee charactes can be SoulsBorne level of difficult. Ranged characters are all more forgiving and i would strongly recommend them for a first playthrough.Now, enough review, let me tell you a story . . . .Of a cultist condemned by his fellow cultists, who butchered them at every oppotunity, and swore undying vengeance with his ancestors as he fell, unable to stop the Age of the Sun.He is known as Sargon the Ox, blessed of the maenads of the mountains, dominator of the wilds, fury, tooth and claw against those who worship the Sun, tempering his raging spirit with hours of meditation, who legends say lived on as a  statue that warps reality around it and reflects casted light into the constellation of an Ox in the northwestern sky.Even in failing to beat the game, i've still got a story to tell. What's your story?"
76561198011526430,Recommended,320040,22107678,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,M4NBEAST,PROS:If you're playing with your friends then this game is an amazing journey.It's kinda rougelike and very rewarding! It's always an adventure that lasts ~2 hours and it's always different from the journeys before.The charakters you can play are very different and each has it's unique gameplay!!CONSIf you play the Online (beta) you can only play SOLO on each PC. Please make it possible to combine local + online coop!
,Recommended,320040,29151167,Posted: 9 January,all,Labeled,"I loved this game, however I recently wanted to play with a local person on the same system and with someone online. I got this as a response asking what was going on. ""Due to the way we structured our online and local play, they unfortunately cannot be mixed. Sorry. If we make a sequel we'll try to take this into account."""
,Recommended,320040,29934443,Posted: 14 February,all,NICK,"Fun un-complicated combat, run-based, cool story."
,Recommended,320040,31263784,Posted: 20 April,all,Tucker Cobble,"this game is beauty, this game is grace, in essence: buy it. just. ♥♥♥♥ing. buy. it.Pros:the art is magnificent, this is the first game that has made me want to buy an art book of it (and sadly it does not have one)the music is atmospheric and perfect, but never imposing, it weaves itself perfectly into the background.the gameplay is finely honed, and at times as precise as the souls-borne games are known for.the replay value is inherent. the replay value is about 70% of the game itself.for everything it provides, it's very cheap.the horde-mode endgame content is amazing.a pretty huge expansion pack was added for free.neutral:you really do need a friend to have it to get the best of it.the net-code has caused some lag, not enough to matter, but enough to notice.was part of the (failed, but still very fun) frog fractions 2 ARG.cons:you do need a guide to get the full experience.the final end-game content is single-player only.the main way to ""improve"" this game would be to come out with a sequel, one that is bigger, has more stories, more endings, more characters, more maps, etc. the kind of sequel that is really just an expansion pack with a 2 at the end. it's like asking for portal 2 after playing portal: all portal 2 was really was more portal, but that's all we wanted from it.overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,320040,29938847,Posted: 15 February,all,Sparrow,The graphic is kinda old school but the game itself isn't bad. Lack of conversation.Beautiful music tho
,Recommended,320040,31753730,Posted: 14 May,all,quixoticaxis,"This game tries out a new approach to making an action-packed stylish aRPG. The idea of re-telling the same story while uncovering new details or refuting hitherto unshakable truths is outstanding in itself. But it lacks punch and does not live up to expectations.I definitely recommend this game for all people who are interested in game-design. Although it's an (imho) mediocre game, it's a great experiment."
,Recommended,320040,22222721,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cynapse,"Moon Hunters is a very gorgeous game. The visuals are stunning, and the music fitting. Its world feels inhabited, its gods real, and its inhabitants unique and interesting.  Couple these positives with impeccable level design, and you have a memorable game.The story is an interesting divergence between an old pantheon of gods, and a new monotheistic religion threatening the old ways. Change seems to be very difficult for the inhabitants of this land. I won't go too in depth with the story, as I believe it's something you need to experience for yourself. Moon Hunters is more than just a ""This is you. This is your story."" kind of game. Rather, it asks the player ""Who are you? What is your story?"".Keep in mind, this game is more akin to The Binding of Isaac or FTL with its short ""runs"" with unlockable content. I've seen a few people on the forums being surprised by a single playthrough's length. What Moon Hunters lacks in length, it makes up for in depth. Each decision influences the kind of character you create, what choices you can make later on, and the reactions from civilians to your legacy. After all, the biggest draw for myself coming into this game was the procedurally created legacies of each character. At the end of each run, you read about what kind of character you have made based on your decisions, and what they have done with their lives since. (if they survived) The outcomes of each game act almost like a personality test, in a way.Combat does its job well enough. Each class feels unique, has its own set of three skills, and can upgrade each of these via the game's currency. There tends to be a prominent ""Hit-and-run"" strategy that works well, regardless of the enemy you're facing. I enjoy walking around the gorgeous levels, listening to the music and encountering events moreso than killing enemies most of the time. Combat isn't unenjoyable by any means, but it doesn't do anything outstanding, unlike the rest of the game.I do have some gripes with enemy AI getting stuck on walls, and melee characters feel slightly underpowered, though these are small complaints. I can't comment on multiplayer, as I have not tried it out yet.If this sounds like something you'd enjoy, pick it up! Arbitrary score of 3 Moons / 1 Hunter."
,Recommended,320040,21766712,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Double King,"I played through the game once so far, became a foolish, compassionate, vengeful brave blood witch with a snake friend, I will be remembered as a dragon forever.11/10"
,Recommended,320040,23417746,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Onsra,"Overall,  the  storyline, visuals, and soundtrack of this game is good and it's even better to play with a friend. The gameplay is repetitive just like most games in general but that is not the main issue.  This games would be a whole lot better if there was 1) less lag and 2) less difficulty trying to play co-op with a friend. IMODon't let negative reviews prevent you from playing this game. If you end up finding out that it's not for you, you can always try to get a refund."
,Recommended,320040,22263867,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,honidian,Highly enjoyable game.
,Recommended,320040,30500467,Posted: 13 March,all,Butternuts,a very unique take on couch coop. would definately like to see more of this in the future. me n my girlfriend played for 2 hours before i had to leave for work and im just counting down the hours til we can jump on again.
76561198153812176,Recommended,320040,29858425,Posted: 11 February,all,WakkaDakkaDoo,"A little grind-y, but very good - with a rich backstory that I haven't been able to get out of my head since I bought it. I wish there were an artbook!"
76561197962329244,Recommended,320040,22125550,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dark1mp,"Every month I host a PC couch co-op game with my console playing friends. Last night was Moon Hunters and it went over well. Even my wife played and she usually sticks to little shooter games like Duck Game when we play. Moon Hunters definitely has some good multiplayer mechanics and the length of the game is nice. Though my friends commented on how it would be nice to set up some custom options on the game, such as longer game length to be able to explore a bit further before the end. Either way, we have not unlocked everything in this game. It will definitely be coming out for another round on our next gaming night.Highly recommended as a couch co-op. I may try the online multiplayer at some date and I would not recommend this as a solo game."
,Recommended,320040,30037070,Posted: 19 February,all,gigatex,Multiplayer doesn't work for♥♥♥♥♥♥0/13.EDIT: they fixed it we good now 13/8
76561197983190864,Recommended,320040,22927407,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,gruevy,"There's a lot to like here, and I recommend this game. First off, it's short. You can make it through the game in an hour or less. I prefer longer games. But the thing is, it's endlessly replayable. There are multiple endings to find, all kinds of interest secrets and tidbits, and the music is wonderful. The enemies on each map commonly require more tactics than ""stand and click until dead"".Each character plays differently. Very differently. And the shops in the game sell random powerups, meaning you can't plan on upgrading your favorite skill. Sometimes you have to spend your opals on something you never use. Then you start using it, and realize it's awesome.Some other reviews have said that the choices in the random encounters don't mean anything, and those people are wrong. Dialog choices in the game increase personality attributes, giving you things like 'foolish' or 'seductive', and certain hidden events require you to have certain traits.And by the way, the end boss isn't that hard for most characters, but he's not supposed to be, because that's not the real ending. Try some of the other hidden bosses.But anyway, it's worth playing if you have $15 and want to try something new."
,Recommended,320040,28988507,Posted: 3 January,all,rich evans,"the game has its weak points, but i can definitely recommend getting it on sale. the world and atmosphere are unique and interesting, and the choices add an interesting mechanic as you build your stats based on how your character behaves. unfortunately, some of the levels are a chore to get through due to their size and it's difficult to aim some abilities on a keyboard. still, i highly recommend this and definitely enjoy it."
,Recommended,320040,33959777,Posted: 1 August,all,Cliffy,"I have to admit, I purchases this game because it was on sale, and the premise seemed a little interesting to me. I'm rather glad I did, despite not being the biggest fan of the rogue-like genre.The pixel art style of actual gameplay is fairly minimalistic, and rather charming in my opinion. I don't think the character portaits hold up quite as well, but that has more to do with my personal taste than any fault with the artist(s). Likewise, the music is very evocative and haunting at times, and is a definite highlight in my opinion. As far as sound goes, the only issue I have is the little voice acting present is a little underwhelming, but as someone that remembers ""I hope this isn't Chris' blood...."", it's not a major issue for me.The limited time frame works well in the context of the plot, and helps make decisions you make more weight, rather than simply being a case of grinding in one area before moving on. The game also allows you to move on, even if you fail an area, so there's always progress, making this much more forgiving than a typical rogue-like. I don't feel it has the same ""One more run"" mentality as the best in the genre, but the numerous epilogues are an incentive to play again, even if it is a few days later.My only real issue with the game is that, in my experience so far, characters and abilities aren't necessarily balanced. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, as certain characters make playing the game ""properly"" more or less difficult, but for the completionist that isn't expertly skilled, it could be an issue.Overall, I feel this game with worth a look, especially at the price point. While the game is far from perfect, I feel there's enough here to make it worthwhile."
,Recommended,320040,34065566,Posted: 6 August,all,rufusdufus,I don't usually like time limited games but the sense of urgency adds to this one. I've only played the initial character so far in single player which is hack and slash with a dash feature as standard. Good control pad support. The process you have to go through to quit mid game is a bit lengthy and annoying but apart from that a good game and I'm looking forward to trying the other characters. Can't tell you about multi player online as I only enjoy single player games.
,Recommended,320040,35437293,Posted: 2 October,all,TheRedProdigy,"Beautiful game, atmospheric, pretty soundtrack, enjoyable both alone and with friends. Game mechanics are a bit repetitive, but dialogue options keep it fresh. Get it on sale if you're interested."
,Recommended,320040,29089091,Posted: 7 January,all,Ida,"I am 16h into Moon Hunters and I absolutely love this game. It has a beautiful artwork and the story progresses after every playthrough which makes it different everytime you play it. I find it more appealing to play singleplayer than multiplayer, because the game almost gets too easy when you're multiple people.+ Artstyle/graphics+ Story+ Characters+ Playstyle+ Amazing music+ It feels like you're making different stories with each playthrough- A bit too easy to beat in co-op- Would like a few more classes/skills- Disconnects in co-op (Have only happened to me twice, but still, it happened)"
,Recommended,320040,24442980,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,had to do it to em,"Moon Hunters is one of the most satisfying and beautiful games I have ever played.Of course, I haven't played that much, and I've only played as a Ritualist, but the animation is smooth, and looks gorgeous at 60 fps. The multiple characters themselves along with the way the game lets you choose what it is you would like to do at a campfire to raise certain stats, makes it feel like a game I would want to play for the rest of my life. I would recommend this to anyone who can buy this for themselves and a couple of friends, because I'm already having lots of fun with my friend. If you can't buy it for anyone else, or no one in your friends list is willing to play it with you, I would recommend waiting until you have enough money to buy it for a friend who would play with you. The online may still be in beta, but it is one hell of a beautiful game."
76561198028641925,Recommended,320040,24808226,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Marrt,"Beautiful game, i loved it. I hope there will be more and more games like this and Hyper Light Drifter!But i have suggestions for improvement at the coding level, because i miss some rigor there:- Pixel Jitter: when the camera moves, the pixelwidths are jittering (that means an artwork pixel will sometimes be 3x3 screenpixel but can be 3x4, 4x3 4x4... when the camera moves). You cannot use bilinear filtering on pixel graphics but you can try becoming pixel-perfect: You can overcome this by using some snapping techniques likehttp://forum.unity3d.com/threads/pixel-perfect-2d-in-4-3.210497/page-2#post-2202561- Controls: Aim when Dashing: If you attack into a direction but quickly dash while the attack is being animated the attack direction is used for the dash direction rather than the current input-direction. Simply sample the Input direction freshly at the time the dash button is pressed- Your line of sight algorithm jitters, i believe you use a raycast-visibility-algorithm. There are improvements to this solution, check out this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73Dc5JTCmKI. He uses a special accuracy improving technique worth consideringOther:- Bug? I was opening the menus in one level (i think it was control settings) and my map progress got reset- Gameplay: I disliked how you had to answer a dialog box for evey little hole you step into, just make it the a cave is entered automatically if all players stand at the entrance. Of course, for camps it is mandatory to have a dialog box.- Gamplay: A tad more enemies would be nice, maybe +50%I hope this doesn't sound patronizing. These things are just what immidiately jumped into my eye and i am sure you have no problem addressing them if you think that this is a worthy endevour."
76561198174401785,Recommended,320040,22222876,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,away on vacation,Makes me♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,320040,24463809,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BeardedŁeg,"Great Game!Smooth game play. good story.slightly on the shorter side of games,But there are many different routes to try out.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BUT(And thats a big but) this game has tons of glitches if you attemting to play with your friends.This is resonable as the game is still in beta and they can be quite entertaining.Some sadly obstruct your abillity to play the game.But im sure that these bugs fun or not will be fixed.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONCLUSIONThis is a great game.10/10 would play again.few bugs(to be expected for a beta gameThis game deserves all the support from the steam community.and I hope to see progress with it .:)"
,Recommended,320040,24518793,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TehLawlz,What I think about Moon Hunters:+ Good Storyline+ Nice Gameplay in general+ Simple but fun combat system+ Each character has their own skill set (Just like in MOBAs)+ How stats works here is unique- Quite repetitive especially after beating it.- Opals (The in-game money) must be grinded real hard.
,Recommended,320040,33747967,Posted: 23 July,all,Sensual Lettuce,"Moon Hunters is a beautiful game. It's not very long, but I deeply enjoyed what was there. I finished the game several times within the span of a couple hours, so it's short, but as mentioned in the description it is designed for multiple play throughs. The sound and design is amazing and the game felt like a combination of Zelda and Secret of Mana. I found the game's cutscenes to be a weak point - they are a little corny. Overall I would recommend this game but since it's so short I would suggest buying it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,320040,25238221,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,skringy wingy,"I adore this game.The beautiful art style and the diverse, interesting characters are what drew me in in the first place, and I wasn't at all disappointed. Each of the six classes are fun to play as with their varying abilities, and the gameplay itself is easy to pick up, which makes switching characters between playthroughs fairly painless. Oh, and Gilgamesh is the best character in the entire game.(I hate the spiky plant enemies and you will too.)"
76561198133328483,Recommended,320040,24088515,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LG Vail,"very interesting story with good chice making, can really tell who you are.story and music were very well made, not enough people playing this game so i have to do the adventure alone"
,Not Recommended,320040,28951753,Posted: 2 January,all,Calcifer,"I can't recommend this game in its current state. I like the art and the idea but there is just no reason to play this. The randomly generated levels are long treks where you spend most of your time using your boost ability to get where you are trying to go, and there is no direction or story to give you a sense of where you are supposed to go. Also the characters are boring and the RPG elements so thin as to be meaningless, with a UI hurriedly cobbled together with no real use in the game. Needs a LOT of work and better designers."
76561198003291250,Recommended,320040,28222567,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,『 Fuzz 』,One of the best games i have ever played 10/10 would recommend cant put in to words how this game made me feel and how well it is made really makes you appreciate the little things
,Recommended,320040,25624818,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jawpz,Fun game and is surprisingly big for a 300mb game not to mention the fact that there is tons of replayability. I like the way unlocks carry on through other play throughs so you can retain knowledge and NPCs talk of your last character as if you were a legend. If you can get it for cheap you should pick it up.
,Recommended,320040,27363407,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Miss Vela,A fun game alone or with friends. Lots of different options in each playthrough.
76561198184865719,Recommended,320040,30212486,Posted: 26 February,all,Нико,"This video game is awsome, the only gripe i have with it is the lack of diagonal sprite. Besides that recommended"
76561198128105332,Recommended,320040,30048165,Posted: 19 February,all,Boonskiies,"I was interested in the game, but not enough to spend $15, but then I saw it in a co op bundle, so I got the bundle. I have fun with it; it's a game where you pick a character, go 5 days (basically 5 stages) then repeat. A run through takes roughly an hour, and the game really starts to shine when going through your replays of the game trying to see everything the game has to offer. It seems like a game that completionists will find fun more than casual gamers, and I never really want to play more than one run at the time. Fun game, but definitely not for everyone. I keep trying to get my friends to play with me, and they just won't get it, and I don't necessarily blame them. Considering I got it with a bundle, I definitely got my money worth."
,Recommended,320040,29934367,Posted: 14 February,all,carolineeejoan,"This game is amazing.The art style is gorgeous, the music is so soothing, and the playstyle is pretty damn good too!So many ways to play the game. Highly reccommend."
,Recommended,320040,29165585,Posted: 10 January,all,velaak,"Didn't play the online version, but it is a very good way to spend time in a mysterious world with awesome powers, discovering stuff and reliving a mystical quest again and again to get to know the details of it."
,Recommended,320040,29489325,Posted: 25 January,all,OneWay,You'll play it over and over and over and over.. great game! :)
,Recommended,320040,29932378,Posted: 14 February,all,Liz,"While some might be wary of the retro-style graphics, the story - and replayability - of this game MORE than makes up for it. No two playthroughs are the same. Point in fact, the story deepens further with each completion. Highly recommend if you're into story-driven games. The choices aren't clear-cut or obvious, either!"
,Recommended,320040,30323721,Posted: 4 March,all,General Pancetta,"Caution: Read entire message don't skim.Buggy and definitely needs work. Sorry whoever worked on this, but I think you could definitely do something more with it.Otherwise I think the art is beautiful, and controls are comfortable (on PC), and overall a GREAT concept."
,Recommended,320040,30346956,Posted: 5 March,all,Flam,"Great game with fun character abilities and a boatload of lore and decision making.This game's only major drawback is its online connectivity, which makes online games nearly impossible.If you're looking to play this game online with friends, I would recommend you wait until its online functionality is fixed as at its current state it is unplayable.Otherwise, this is a pretty solid purchase."
76561198161921317,Not Recommended,320040,30279067,Posted: 2 March,all,Tigercup9,"I'm afraid my review won't be able to tell you much, as I barely played the game for fifteen minutes. I want to enjoy the game, to dig into the story, to uncover all the plot and constellations. But for whatever reason, the game is super laggy. I can run the Witcher 3 without so much as a long loading time but when it comes to this game, which took about a minute to download and is made of pixel art, even the menu screen was jumpy. One thing I can say is that I hated the combat. Instead of attacking in the direction of the mouse, you attack in the direction you're facing, which means that if you play melee and get super close to your enemies (like me) you can end up running one-nineteenth of a pixel past them and can't hit them until you turn around, but the only way to turn around is to move, so now you've gone too far in THAT direction and need to turn around AGAIN. Long story short, the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't run it for some reason,  and I'm really sad I can't dig into the story."
76561197979943471,Recommended,320040,24503446,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lolo,Wonderful !
,Recommended,320040,29576757,Posted: 29 January,all,TheSmittenKitten,"I'll keep it short and sweet, this game is amazing. Aiming is somewhat odd and takes a while to get used to and I can't quite figure out how to play online with others, but that isn't going to keep me away.If anyone is looking for someone to play this with, add me!"
,Recommended,320040,24510374,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Theraki,"Its not a bad game, I just wish I got to paly co-op.Didnt fint any servers anytime I've looked."
,Recommended,320040,33947811,Posted: 1 August,all,Two,"The game is very fun, the art and style is quaint and the story is pretty compelling my only issue with the game is it's lack of information on what everything is. You get these traits like cunning and wise, but there is no indicition of what to do or how to earn them or even what they are. You just do an action and a scribble appears on the screen that corresponds with the trait. When you finish one story you get to ""become the hero"" again by going to the corresponding statue, but you can't even re-use them as far as I can tell, which again I find is a fault in the design of the game but overall it's very nice to play."
,Recommended,320040,34073127,Posted: 6 August,all,kome360,"My very first playthrough, I used the sorceress. I decimated my foes but was punched into the mud by a gang of cryomancer ghosts. My charater developed foolishness and wisdom in equal measure. I had no idea what I was doing, and I want more."
76561198056868793,Recommended,320040,26755655,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,silasfelinus,"I'm playing this game co-op local with my 4-year old son. It's perfect for both of us. The plot is engaging, and he is just super excited every time we get to camp and he gets to cook something. There aren't a lot of couch co-ops that entertain both of us, and this fits the bill perfectly."
,Recommended,320040,34112219,Posted: 8 August,all,QuariPrime,"So, this game is highly recommended, but with a few strings attached. while it bosts infinite replayability and great co-op, there's a bit more to it. You replay the same 1-3 hours of gameplay with each character, and can do this any number of times. You make different choices, have different moves to use, start from different areas, and have access to different points of view and different parts of the story with each character. Co-op is a bit tricky, as you can't just join a server of players and wait for other people to join or find another game to join yourself. Either you use Steam Invite with people you know on Steam who have the game, or you can go on Discord (MoonHuntersPack) and find people willing to play, then message them the four digit lobby code so they can join you or vice-versa.Don't let that discourage you, though. This game can still be loads of fun in single player, too. Though, when you play in single player, you have to be careful which characer you choose, as each class is suited for different styles of play. There are support characters, ranged, melee, mixed, and tank characters, each having unique moves and looks.as you progress in the game, you can buy upgrades to your moveset by collecting currency (Opals) and buying them at merchants. Grinding for cash in certain areas helps you get better accquainted with your character's moves and speed. Depending on your actions, you pick up different traits as that specific character which allow you to interact or do things differently with NPCs. The story and plot are pretty good, and build upon themselves nicely with each replay.Decision making, quick-paced, layered combat, and high replayability make this game worth your time, and when you can get co-op to work with people, it's really, really fun. It's a good RPG that you can spend 9hrs playing without really noticing how much time has gone by.7.5/10"
76561198025468353,Not Recommended,320040,21971427,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,WigWam,"I was so excited for Moon Hunters.  I had been following this game since it's days on kickstarters and I couldn't wait to see how they pulled off their plans for a dynamic story. Well it seems like they did it poorly.  The story didn't really feel like anything changed from playthrough to playthrough.  The events that actually change are pretty minor and they seem to happen almost every single playthrough.  The combat wasn't great, the sound design failed to impress, and I just coudln't stand the narrarator.  I played a few times during the first week and the multiplayer never worked once.  Thats local or online.  I just couldn't find anything in this game that was actually fun.Here's a more detailed reveiw for those interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFiQmGEgTHk"
,Recommended,320040,35189440,Posted: 24 September,all,snakeyesx23,"If you've played the Yawhg, and like me said: Why aren't there more games like this? You're in luck, there is at least one game like that, and it's Moon Hunters.This top down shooter puts combat and RPG mechanics in the back seat in favor of the real reason we read books and play video games: adventure.The point of the game isn't to destroy monsters (though you will), or save the world (though you might), it's to create a story with your friends and travel the land.I played it with my two best friends after a night out at the pub, and we all ended the game immensely satisfied. I don't even mind they blatantly ripped off the concept and aesthetic of The Yawhg, with added combat, it gave us a shared experience and story that will add to our friendship long after the game is forgotten.Buy this game. Not only is it worth it, it will expand the market for story driven multiplayer games."
,Recommended,320040,26766222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,小鸡呢,"The game has interesting world concept and a great story to demonstrate its rogue-like design, also the art is splendid.but i won't recommend it for those who wants some smooth and funny combat like Into the Gungeon or Rogue Legacy, in other words, the combat system is just wrong: bad designing and bad balancing.But for those who just want to enjoy a good story in a beautiful world, you can difenitely give it a try."
76561198025862705,Not Recommended,320040,29975800,Posted: 16 February,all,Max TK,"Very interesting idea, very good art - bad mechanics and extremely terrible balancing.I also would have expected a much higher replay value."
76561197994505323,Not Recommended,320040,23315839,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,NeedleNips,"it had fun ideas but ultimately the ""flavor"" of the DnD-esque player traits felt shallow and meaningless. On top of this the ""story"" is the same regardless of where you start, just with different names. Overall was a disappointment but I liked the art and incessently repetitive music."
76561198019295979,Recommended,320040,24448200,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Esja,Dope. Throw leaves and stuff at scary beasts with friends. And kill sun people. Would play again.
76561198082313023,Recommended,320040,24453421,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Chidori,"The artstyle, music, and concept of this game is just.... beautiful"
,Recommended,320040,24785779,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Tzaphiel,"Great game for a group of friends. The gameplay is set up for different play styles and decision-making. A single game takes between 1-2 hours to complete so very easy to plan a group session. The gameplay and story encourages multiple playthroughs.For such a graphically minimal game, the creators did an excellent job creating mood and scene through music. Beautiful soundtrack.Gameplay is simple to pick up and battles reminiscent of old arcade games."
76561198030550091,Recommended,320040,22223316,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zurfak,simple but awesome :)I would recomend it for people who like fantasy and don´t mind simple grafic.Don´t get me wrong the grafic isn´t bad it´s just simple and It fits perfectly to the music.
76561197990401357,Recommended,320040,28089582,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mandaumn,This game's got soul!
76561197996185519,Recommended,320040,26755399,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,fxknight,"A game which manages to be both fun and thoughtful. Interesting world, a great story and short individual run-times make this rogue-lite an absolute winner. More fun with friends, which is great for those who have them available, though not so much for the solo player. In any case, though, worth a buy."
76561198162314652,Recommended,320040,24237889,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Errant-Jack,I really enjoyed my time with this game
76561198058789524,Recommended,320040,28855626,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pencilvester,"i think its a great game! the controls are easy to learn and there is very little coddling of the user to learn, you are thrown into an adventure before you even know its happened, and the story line for this game is very creative and well thought, with many different paths of the story and characters involved. The maps and generation of the world are very well done, excluding some minor random generation interferences(hard to maneuver areas) and the chacters' talents are sometimes clunky but those are my only real complaints.Its even better in multiplayer, so get some friends too."
76561198029310715,Recommended,320040,30456529,Posted: 11 March,all,Orgazmo,"It's very fun, especially if you can play together on the same couch."
76561198119487300,Recommended,320040,23621024,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Knil,"Looks like great fun, was really looking forward to it but got major glitches in Co-op. The game decided I should /ALWAYS/ be clicking the left button, non-stop, which made it impossible to make choices or read any dialog, my friend could not make any choices either, he could only pick what ever he landed on.Game looks like great potential and fun with friends but with a glitch like that, can't even play it.Please fix this soon."
,Not Recommended,320040,22331385,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Me†ric,"I wanted to like this game, so I'll start with the positives.Neat character designs.Good music.And that's about all I really liked about the game.Now, onto why I'm giving this game a bad review.Multiplayer is borderline unplayable. There are terrible sync issues, infinite loading screens, corrupt saves, and at times laggy. Connecting to each other was also extremly painful, sometimes the invite button would even disappear..Outside of multiplayer..The combat is clunky.The story is dull (to me).Each playthrough you're suppose to ""write your mythology"" story or whatever. Really, it's just going through the same few levels again and again picking one of the only two options you have which 'affect' the story and your character in some (inconsequential in my opinion) way. I feel like for a story to have any weight you have to actually become invested in it which is impossible to do in this game because of it's design. With the gameplay itself lacking so greatly, the story so short and unappealing, I've unfortunately got to give this game a negative review."
76561198238355714,Recommended,320040,30804120,Posted: 28 March,all,Kappa,"This game... this game.... this game.... what can I say? It has an AMAZING soundtrack, with diverse characters with unique skill sets, the entire story really depends on you and what you do, and just... everything is great! Although I haven't been able to try co-op or online yet, the single player is so perfect that I can't wait to play with friends! :)"
76561197998320693,Recommended,320040,24403955,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kamma666,"Incredible game. Has a very magical and pagan atmosphere to it. I'm enjoying it a lot and gameplay is great too, love how it's a roguelike with a good story and world!"
,Recommended,320040,24298290,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[H] Eko,"Amazing So Far Its everything i like, action, story rich, adventure, powerful and co-opI love it so far :D"
,Recommended,320040,24401028,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Joel Jonson (JoJo),"It's a very cool game, with a lot of endings and you can seduce the king"
76561198271962473,Not Recommended,320040,28896994,Posted: 1 January,all,aperuzu,"This game is disapointing. Choices mechanics are just superficial.Gameplay and history are monotone, plain, and repetitive. It is said that this game can be played tons of times, but the option to replay a game does not implement replayability. It is silly most of the time. Great graphics, althought."
,Not Recommended,320040,32630833,Posted: 21 June,all,mrpenguin616,This game has tons of potienial and can be fun single player. I bought this game to play with a friend and the multiplay is terriable. There are constant disconnects and with the new update the game wont load correctly. Ive tried multiple times and only get the hud over the loading screen. I would not recomend.
,Not Recommended,320040,32704971,Posted: 23 June,all,Cazdon,"It's neat the first time through but for a randomly generated game it lacks any depth to replaying besides acheivements. Too bad really, as the game is very pretty looking."
,Recommended,320040,24863679,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,F3ARCATZ,Played a traitor character with my friend and exploded every mob in the game with fireballs.Speeded through the game with ease exept for the fact that you can kill your friend with the fire which was pretty funny.Got to the final boss and instead of just straight up killing the boss we talk it out then I charmed and ran away with him.Not sure what happend to my friend but it was a great time. ;)10/10 IGN
,Recommended,320040,22797451,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Roast Lord,"A very good game, with a beautiful art and a smooth progression system. The developers care dearly about their game and will do anything to improve the player's experience."
76561198161833461,Not Recommended,320040,21785947,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AwsumWolf,DO NOT BUY! This game has major loading problems.
76561198026852317,Not Recommended,320040,31515523,Posted: 2 May,all,Weofparadigm,"I wanted so badly to at least like this game, but it just doesn't hold together very well. Depending on what characters you pick the combat is either a frustrating difficult mess or a trivial walk through the park as you spam one move. The story is so pleased with itself it fails to explain anything about who these tribes are, why they hate each other, and what your actions do to influence any of it. The system of making choices is beyond arbitrary regarding what benefits you get or what trait you are assigned, and all of it leads up to a rambling paragraph after the easy as cake final boss that seems completely random (for example, on the playthrough where I died every day I was named Sir Joe the Wise. Not very wise for one as weak as Joe to go out on this journey and get slaughtered).All in all, if you have a buddy you want to have a pretentious slightly trippy experience lacking much gameplay or direction with, try with caution. Otherwise, can't recommend."
,Recommended,320040,31833387,Posted: 18 May,all,Krill_me_now,the story is captivating and the gameplay is incredibly fun. There are a couple issues like if you get caught inbetween enemies youcan't escape and you die pretty much instantly
,Not Recommended,320040,22561556,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bryan,"it really is coop fun.but Moon Hunters don't have alot of content and you can complete one playthought in less than a hour....in my opinion its a good game but the price is waaaay to high, 5 bucks for a Coop pack (2x the game) would be a fair price......."
,Not Recommended,320040,21803848,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,on fleek 1738,"Honestly should have read reveiws before i bought it, terrible game all in all the game play is dull. battle is not fun. char choice dull. wouldnt even recomend it as a free to play."
76561198031780252,Not Recommended,320040,21771985,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DotalyCrazyMelon,"The moon waxes, and my mercy wanes."
,Recommended,320040,24474477,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pissi ♫☂♫,This game is really awesome and story rich + great soundrack.I really like it.
,Not Recommended,320040,30002279,Posted: 17 February,all,Sometimes I Know Things,"Decided to play through the game two times with my friend on local co-op, which was great until we realized we were unable to select our newly unlocked characters despite the game giving us the constellations saying we could. Until this point we had enjoyed ourselves however, but we would still appreciate this getting fixed one day."
76561197983219902,Recommended,320040,31330791,Posted: 23 April,all,TriggD,"I got this game as a couch co-op bundle. Out of all the games in the bundle this one interested me the least... until I played it. If you're an RPG fan who likes old fashioned games you'll love this. It's 8 bit so graphics are exactly what you expect them to be. I HIGHLY recommend playing this with a controller, I tried with a mouse and keyboard and it made the game feel very clunky.This game isn't exactly what you would call linear as far as story loan. You have 3 days to find the moon, and if you don't, the game gives you an ending based on what you did, and you start again. The second time around, you keep all the cool stuff you unlocked the first time around.The multiplayer is great. It supports couch co-op as well as online. Theres no friend system in the online (not even steam friends.) Each lobby is designated a lobby number, the joining players put the number in and bam, they're in your lobby.If you like hard, thinking RPGs then I recommend."
76561198054184209,Not Recommended,320040,21765903,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,denton713,single player is average finished in maybe a hour
,Recommended,320040,22217146,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Not Recommended,320040,21758077,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KHR Gaming,"Not a fan of this game.  Thought from the trailer it wouldnt have been something different and unique.  But the story line is pretty minimal, and the combat is a little weird.  There is no real direction on how to move forward in the game, the game doesn't really help you progress as all.I didn't have anu high hopes or anything from this game, just not my style I guess."
,Not Recommended,320040,24435249,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mctubbins (Tubbiest Player 2017),"SKIP TO THE BOTTOM FOR TL:DR PROS AND CONSAight, so I was looking forward to this game for a little while now. A rougelike RPG that's co-op AND story driven? Sign me up. Unfortuneately, it just didn't live up to the hype...GAMEPLAY:One of the biggest complaints I saw browsing through steam reviews for this game, was the gameplay. I ignored all of those. Do not ignore those reviews. The game is played in a top down(ish?) perspective, with pixelated graphics. It's basic hack'n'slash 101 stuff. You use one of 4 abillities to beat your enemies. The problems arise when you discover that the perspective and graphics just do not work for the gameplay they wanted. Nothing is persice, and unless you're ranged, it's incredibly difficult to aim. On top of that, your characters are slow, and most of them don't even have a dodge mechanic, so your only options are just to hack and slash, unless you want to get creamed.There's a worldmap, which is essentially choosing what area you want to do next. Oh, and you make choices (SEE: Story) Which impact gameplay... Somehow. I never felt any more poerful when I would get new stats from the choices I made, hell I never felt any different buying upgrades. The game lacks any sort of feel whatsoever. Every fight feels the same! All it does when you upgrade things is make them go faster. Because of this, the game just doesn't feel at all skill based, and you have no motivation to unlock anything, or git gud.The boss fights were fun, but I only managed to run into two of them, because random generation is a ♥♥♥♥♥. I think there's 3 boss fights the entire game, and I don't feel like finding the third one.SIDENOTE: There aren't that many unlockables, and the unlockables they have are garbage. Unless you're a story nut.STORY:The story is very intresting. The game revolves around a war between the sun God (and his cult) and the moon Godess (and litterally everyone who's not in the cult). Along the way, you make choices which influence the ending. The choices are absolute garbage though. They give me absolutely no reason to empathize with the sun cult, but for whatever reason seem to want me to. So I tried to empathize with them, and they still wanted me dead for some reason... But it's a neat concept. I especially enjoyed reading my characters bios (Which are generated based on your choices) at the end of every playthrough. It was a really nice touch, and I like the idea of building a mythology.I also really enjoyed the world, and the weird surealist fantasy vibe they went for. It almost reminded me of Native American tribes. And some of the choices did have a legitimate impact on the story, I was very surprised... Until they showed up again. And again. And again. At first I roleplayed, and decided what I wanted each character to be like... Then I hit ♥♥♥♥ it when I had beaten the game 3 times and was essentially getting the same playthrough. There wasn't anything new, the devs needed about four times as many events as they have to keep things fresh. And thats a big issue, this game just goes stale really fast.There are three endings to my knowledge, and I only got two. I really didn't care enough to get the ""good"" ending. Especially when certain events have to trigger for me to get that ending, essentially leaving it to luck.GRAPHICS:I like the graphics a lot, they really do a good job of selling the world. Especially the character portraits. But the enemies are all incredibly bland, and most of the different ones are just reskins. That really breaks the immersion for me. Another minor qualm I have with the graphics: It's hard to tell what things you can interact with and what things you can't, because there are no obvious visual cues to suggest that you can interact with something.SOUND:The soundtrack was nice, I don't feel like I should talk about it though because it's not my shtick. Very surreal, really sold the vibe and went good with the game. I wouldn't listen to it outside of playing this game though.PROS:-Nice visual style-Soundtrack fit the game-The world was very different and nice-It really felt like I was building a mythologyCONS:-The game relies on gimmicks a bit too much-No game feel-The game gets boring really fast-The story and choices get boring really fast-Combat feels like♥♥♥♥♥ you can find a number of flash games that do it betterNOTES:-This feels like it's an early ascess game, it just needs more content-I'm looking forward to seeing where these devs go next, I'll have my eye on them[D] - It's a bad game, but it has good ideas. Definitely not worth 15 bucks, maybe 5$OTHER GREAT GAMES LIKE THIS ONE:-Torchlight 2-Risk of Rain"
,Recommended,320040,24562706,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ZeHoly,"This review is going to be made from 12 hours of gameplayand atleast 1 playtrough of each character(Excuse me for my english)So far for a game that just came out and being still under development its very appealingEspecially because of the Artwork, Gameplay and great mechanicsIt has allot of replayablity and four base characters to choose from and two able to unlockThrough secret endings, Encounters and choicesEarlier (2 days ago) i wrote a bad review out of blind angerBeing low on money and hoping i could Co-op this with my online friendI loaded up the game clicked new game and saw that it was localIt said Online Beta at the top of the menu and thought you couldnt select itSo i wrote a bad review and saw how dumb i wasOne of the developers even reached out to me and asked me kindly to remove the reviewwich somewhat flattered me c: (Dont judge im lonely)I would like to apologize to every single developer and supporter of Moon huntersFor me acting like a retard8/10 Great game"
76561198008765421,Recommended,320040,24754910,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sarlic,I'm not sure exactly how to describe the game but I will make a few statements of what makes it great.The fact that each choice you make as well as your manner of engaging in combat can decide the Traits you take on. These traits apply to your 'personality' and enable you to perform certain actions depending on the map you go to. This sort of true Roleplay really adds to a depth of thought as to how you go about something. Will you be Vengeful? Deceitful? or will you be a seductive person? You can hold 3 of the many reputations as they call them at a time.
76561198351402170,Recommended,320040,33035435,Posted: 30 June,all,Lapisdragon,This game is amazing! (- i got a cat!)
76561198186708982,Recommended,320040,30095347,Posted: 22 February,all,ey b0ss,"Great game and storyline, many people were saying about the co op is somewhat broken but it doesn't really occur to you if you have a stable connection. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,320040,31907685,Posted: 22 May,all,Hotcakes,I love this game a lot! It is especially fun with friends and the soundtrack is so beautiful that I even put it on my phone! The graphics are quite cute as well while still maintaining the atmosphere the game and plot wants to present to its players. I really enjoyed playing!
76561198122198460,Recommended,320040,24444205,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Commander Cool89,"game is pretty great, i just can never connect to anyone online.."
,Recommended,320040,24456126,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,dainsleif,pretty fun
76561198044271335,Recommended,320040,32840070,Posted: 26 June,all,Caio,"Really fun game, with nice art and nice mechanic plays."
,Recommended,320040,29818159,Posted: 9 February,all,MrAgLi,Every choices changes the outcome of the story. There are many endings. Play it. I really suggest buying it if you like a game of this style but only can spend an hour or so for every game as 5 days is really short.
,Recommended,320040,32708081,Posted: 23 June,all,malaisling,"It is difficult to review a work of art.But first and foremost, like many genius creations it does have significant flaws which lead to it being critisized harshly by those that do not appreciate the finer points, and simply view it as a game which is meant to be played. These are primarily seen in the lack of nuanced randomization, the questionable signifiance of the dialogue and the empty feeling that the maps sometimes give due to a lack of filler.However; it holds one of the best pixelated styles out there in terms of detail and finesse, great atmospheric music, a simple and satisfying character statistic and upgrade system, an obscure but intriguing world and interesting quirky story encounters. The combat system while being very simple is also very enjoyable to use when making full use of it, and is just downright fun to control. Especially with the boss fights, which challenge and demand reactivity from players without including unfair or trial and error losses. One of the final bosses in the game is so balanced in terms of being difficult enough to require effort but easy enough to not cause frustration, that it genuinely feels good to have that fight because the back and forth is so natural and fluid it is just pleasurable to be a part of. Something that almost never happens in games at all.The game also provides decent incentive to replay it due to unlocking new progression and world elements, the constant overhanging goal and multiple endings which potentially will require multiple runs to succeed, and the presence of multiple diverse classes and starting points.It is so unfortunate that this game was not made as a professional full scale title. Its weakness as a game primarily come from how ambitious it is in comparison to how much it is capable of. And thus the game draws itself with an outline that it cannot completely fill, simply because this style of game requires much more development time to flesh out. But it would be ridiculous to expect an indie company to make a full scale open world game, and it is not remotely fair to critisize this game for being less then that. This is in all regards, a smaller scale incarnation of an open world game. Which has far more heart, style and thought put into it then most games out there at all.The game may not have dozens of hours of replayability like a regular high quality Rogue-like of this price, but the intrigue of the experience and the amount of heart this game has well makes up for it in terms of value. Highly recommended to only play it through once a day however."
,Not Recommended,320040,29416914,Posted: 22 January,all,fish.,"This game on its own is fun, ish. It would be far more fun with co-op, but none of the co-op has worked since I got this."
,Recommended,320040,34867351,Posted: 10 September,all,Kuryuukun,"Moon Hunters war eines der besten Spiele die ich gespielt habe meines erachtens mit einem großen ""Replay Value""PROS:-Entscheidungen die dann deine Persönlichkeit bestimmen-Verschiedene Enden-Figuren mit guter Backstory-Man Hat freie Entscheidung darüber was man wählt , im gegenzug helfen dir leute oder versuchen dich zu veraten-Couch Coop sehr gut umgesetztCONTRA-Alle Sternenzeichen freizuschalten ist sehr schwer-Crafting (cooking) Rezepte leider zu einfach.FAZIT:Ich bin ein Fan dieses Spiels und habe es mit 4 freunden im Coop durchgespielt was die ganze Sache etwas eifnacher gemacht hat , im großen und ganzen fand ich das Spiel aber recht gut"
76561198056900126,Recommended,320040,28681276,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shamelabaguette,"I really like this game.I mean, the universe is really cool, really enchanting.The gameplay is ok, but solid (upgrades are so necessary tho...).Much to unlock, and you'll love to do the story again and again.There are some textures problems (more like random bushes placement).The only complaint I have are THOSE F*CKING PLANTS !!!!"
,Not Recommended,320040,21754680,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[VeC] Jarzon,"Really buggy, had to resort to hamachi in order to play co-op."
76561198148906265,Not Recommended,320040,32997128,Posted: 29 June,all,Chaimera,"This game is allot of fun to play with friends, you can have really good time with people. Oh wait you can`t. Games online part constantly makes it freeze at loading screens + makes it freeze outside of loading screens + gives you constant fps drops even if your pc is a monster. If you want to have a constant ragefeast full of repeating levels again and again and again but this. If you look it up on internet many people have these issues, meanwhile developers only says '' Summersales made tons of people trying to enter our servers, we will fix it '' and they DON`T fix it at all, If you are going to buy this wait until the last day of steam sales and hope for a fix."
,Not Recommended,320040,21861700,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Profoundly Broken,"I liked the art, I liked the potential story...but walking right into the end boss on the first day out and completing the story was a huge let down.Then to be expected to rerun the thing over and over to get unlocks was very dissapointing.I just prefer longer games instead of repitition."
,Recommended,320040,22634131,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ApocRage,"There's a lot to discover in this game, the fighting's good and the art's good.Main complaints are issues with online play and lack of variety in music."
76561198157461155,Recommended,320040,33151313,Posted: 2 July,all,I smoke memes,"Overall a really good game, only thing that it lacks is a replayability value, but overall is quite awesome."
76561198086957171,Recommended,320040,24061053,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fizoh,Its a nice one for the mates.
,Not Recommended,320040,21917816,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,cazsim83,The game itself seems quite fun in single player when it doesn't freeze. Right now though I cannot recommend it until the key bindings can be remapped in-game instead of the grayed out button that currently exists and when the multiplayer is working properly.
76561198123973041,Not Recommended,320040,30147877,Posted: 24 February,all,TiggerTail,"Pixel art games are my absolute favorite and when I saw Moon Hunters I bought it right away. Well, this is a very poor and lazy excuse of a game with a complete lack of gameplay or development of any sorts. There is barely any plot and the little bit of narrative is just a horrible and uneducated mish mash of various ethnic folklore - a mumbo jumbo bull crap. The game is a short and half axed childish project. I've seen a single person creating incredible games using Game Maker, Rpg Maker and XNA game engines and than you have this lame excuse of a game that costs $15 and the community paid for it since it was kick started. Unacceptable!The game is extremely short and for the hour and a half that it takes to beat it you are doing the same thing over and over again in the same area but slightly different each time you enter it. My wife and I completed the game 4 times and nothing different or better came out of that.The areas you can visit are the same area just rearranged a bit with a different color scheme and the area is empty so all you can do is walk around and kill lame mobsters.Out of all the characters only 2 are ok to play with since the action animation on all the characters is slow and clunky which is unbearable for when you fight mobsters.It has been a year since this excuse of a game is being released and it is so glitchy that is just hilarious. Forget about online coop, it is impossible to engage. Local couch coop is possible but glitchy and causes the game to freeze in battle.The developers couldn't develop a full story for this game so they ran a very primitive idea and they mixed it with bits from various ethnic legends which doesn't make up for the lack of story but on the contrary it creates a very incoherent mess.This is my first negative review and I told myself that I won't be writing negative reviews but this scam of a game messed up my Zen and I unleashed my fury. Total loss of time money and effort.I found a free to play pixel art 2d platformer called Mandagon and it is everything one can dream of. It totally healed my aching soul after the horrible experience Moon Hunters gave me.My reviews are always honest and free of corruption and are not being influenced by any body. My advise is to stay away from Moon Hunters until further notice"
76561198053825578,Recommended,320040,22660405,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Arutha,"One to play with friends. You can solo this game but it's much more fun and the combat more interesting with others. The world is beautiful, the story and lore surprisingly deep and the music is great :D This one is worthy."
,Not Recommended,320040,27207177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,Gameplay is really shallow.
,Not Recommended,320040,29842355,Posted: 11 February,all,FacepalmRunner,"This game does have some potential, but it's lack of some proper development.The balance of combat skills is awful. Ranged attacks are way too powerful that it makes combat so easy, but melee attacks are so weak that it's like suicide against ranged emenies.The game control is terrible. The change of facing direction of melee attacks are too slow, player is easy to attack the wrong direction while using melee attacks. And the targeting control is not sensitive enough for ranged characters if you play with a gamepad.The game effect is also a problem. There really need to be a obvious effect to tell the player while being attacked. Most of the time you just don't know how your HP goes down. And the hitting animation of some characters are not smooth enough. It feels like the attacks are stucked. It really breaks the gameplay."
,Recommended,320040,21813580,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Zertyfire,...
,Recommended,320040,32473727,Posted: 16 June,all,雪村村长IGNI,游戏作为整体一般，但是production value还是有的
76561198292282967,Recommended,320040,21989796,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,fusedmass,"I've been interested in this game since I heard about it. The unique choices that make an impact what got me into it. It has a great story so far, graphics aren't the best thing in the world. It seems focused on the story, all paths do not lead to the same ending. I think its more then worth it."
76561198072839243,Recommended,320040,21807921,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Blade_Hart,This game is great and with time can only grow more epic the game developers said they plan to add more and it will be great to see this game grow
76561198128318601,Recommended,320040,21832379,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bobbyhophop,Stole a piglet from its family and forced it to like me. 10/10 - It's ok
76561198076806255,Recommended,320040,29974224,Posted: 16 February,all,OrbitalCockSlap,"Great game, every new game is different and so far great atmosphere and Story, second playthrough, charmed the Sun king so much sailed off in gay companion ship. 14/10 would be gay again."
,Recommended,320040,30065666,Posted: 20 February,all,Gamema5ter2001,This is an amazing game but the multiplayer nedds a little tiny update nuke apart from that this is a 10/9 game for me
76561198151185969,Recommended,320040,30044622,Posted: 19 February,all,NebenizerScrooge,"I utterly adore this gameIts soundtrack is great, its not too easy and not too hard, lots of replay value.I personally havent tried to play online and have only been playing solo but i utterly love it!"
,Recommended,320040,29489304,Posted: 25 January,all,Nublar☂ܟ,"This game is freakin amazing, the fact it ""remembers"" baffles me!I like it./Nublar"
76561198019674308,Not Recommended,320040,31317655,Posted: 23 April,all,is boris,"This game is not playable in online multiplayer, it laggs like hell even on good machines"
,Not Recommended,320040,30325125,Posted: 4 March,all,Scripter,"Interesting concept, but I feel like the content's lacking compared to the idea."
76561198004359666,Recommended,320040,32007088,Posted: 27 May,all,TankWhisperer,"This game touches my heart and virilizes my imagination. It is a beautiful, well-made creation that deserves far more praise and recognition than it has received. The music, artwork, and writing that went into this game culminate to create a masterwork. Again, this game is simply beautiful, and you should buy it if you're reading this."
76561198052774373,Not Recommended,320040,31777047,Posted: 15 May,all,bep,"Bought the game on release, enjoyed everything except the goofy voice acting.Only problem was the horrible coop camera. If you play coop with a friend, there is only 1 camera for both of you rather than having 2 different cameras for the 2 different characters.Then the game became unplayable.A Patch came out in December 2016, which caused horrible frame skips for myself and many others.This issue was not present before the patch, and hasn't been fixed since.This was a cool game.Hopefully they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix it one day.I would love to play a working version again."
76561198170103605,Recommended,320040,25470896,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The Elusive Skank Foot,"With a little shy of 18 hours worth of play, I would say that this is a good game when it comes to story. Not saying that the gameplay is bad, it's just that I would say that you should buy this game for it's story value over it's gameplay value. If updates come out that give the game more things in it, like more characters or more villages, then it will probably do better, but it just needs more than what it has, because if you are used to playing games fast and you are someone that tries to unlock everything as fast as you can, then this probably won't be for you, because even though each game is different from the last you see pretty much everything within about 18 hours or less."
76561198157406124,Recommended,320040,29932535,Posted: 14 February,all,Specrez,"recommend for nice graphic, but this game is a little easy...."
76561198319741559,Recommended,320040,24560268,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AmatheLlama,This game is amazing! The're so many ways a story can go. And the artwork is beautiful.
,Recommended,320040,24567411,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Crépe,"This game was really confusing the first time I plaed it through. I felt disconnected from the story because i didn't know enough about the situation. This is the type of game that needs to be played with the intention of learning more about the story building up to the last day rather than trying to ""WIN"" the game by beating the final boss. I recomend this game to anyone who can apreciate literature, because that is the type of patience and interest this game requires."
,Recommended,320040,24700829,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thorium9,"I ended up taming a tiger by insulting its roar and roaring back, then swapped him for a talking cat that taught me how to talk with animals. 10/10"
76561198098765171,Recommended,320040,28010438,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ArcaneLeo,"This game is beautiful in many ways. Soundtrack, an everchanging world, changes made by previous runs, and so much more. While not very well known Moon Hunters has captured my mind and soul."
76561198012818742,Recommended,320040,28783228,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mr.Minteh,"I saw this game at TCAF in 2014 but never got a chance to try it.  Finally, two years later, I bought and played the game for the first time after really falling in love with the concept back then.  It's a super fun game and I really love the premise, it seems to have a good amount of replayability as well. Currently I've only gone through one campaign on my own, it gives you a lot of choice and it's really rewarding and fun to see what you've unlocked at the end of your accomplishments. Definitely recommend for fans of a more seriously written (no real jokes, etc. present that I found) exploration multiplayer rpg"
,Recommended,320040,28743085,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ratel_Breezly,Great couch co-op game but the network issues can kill the experiance. Picked it up for 9 bucks and say it was well worth it.
76561198367638360,Recommended,320040,33952318,Posted: 1 August,all,zalnur434,a really good and enjoyable game.
76561198064705963,Recommended,320040,33735531,Posted: 22 July,all,IWON57,Very good and fun game to play with friends
76561198295580839,Recommended,320040,33698344,Posted: 21 July,all,Nymbus Lemarr,"Takes a couple hours to beat, but there are multiple levels you don't even touch the first play through. Each class is pretty distinct with some being more difficult to play than others, game is loads of fun for couch co-op!"
,Recommended,320040,29133387,Posted: 8 January,all,Sweet Christmas Always,Fun times with vandy and die lan
76561197988405778,Recommended,320040,21988629,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Шιиτегмuте,"Awesome, beautiful and lovely game. Very basic Gameplay, but the game gets some depth while you replay the 4 day circle over and over again, while you unlock more heroes (only 2 unlocks sadly) recipes, ingridients and terraintypes. You will have to make basic decisions on how all those little quests and storys play out, while exploring new landmarks and fighting enemies and leveling up in between at your campsite.I highly recommend this for Coop tho (couch coop incl.), since all by yourself it can feel lacking.PROS:Lovely PixelartUnlocksEasy Combat*Replayabilitygreat COOP experienceCONS:bad OptimizationEasy Combat*Still  somewhat lacking in contentno harder gamemodes*depends on player"
,Recommended,320040,26428606,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SoloGod KILLER,"Moon Hunters was a freaking amazing old school RPG. My first playthrough I was a druid that went by the name Dhovakin. Yes I was the dragon born. I slayed many foes. I conquered many regions. All in my quest to help some moon goddess. I did not actually help the moon goddess at all as I decided to be a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and the world fell into ruin. Such is the burden of the dragon born. Let them sing tales of my many accomplishments, also the griffon died. Will I venture into this world again? Hell yes. My adventures will number in the thousands. My failures will also number in the thousands. So umm... yeah."
76561197998710555,Not Recommended,320040,21809659,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"Ok so I really wish I hadn't played those almost 3 hours, so I could refund the game. I will copy paste my metacritic review here (it's not great but sums up my frustration with the game so far).Unfortunatly the best things the pseudo roguelike game has going for itself are the good graphics (nice art design) and the soundtrack.Otherwise the gameplay seems enjoyable at first, but the game is WAY too easy! It doesn't scale with player count and your characters will be super OP after no time and then you will almost fall asleep until the end. Procedual generation has almost no meaning as enemy variety does not change much only the visuals of the surrounding areas.Could be a great game with more elements, more spells per class, more challenge, and more significance in the ""procedural generation. In it's current state it is unfortunately just pretty boring."
,Not Recommended,320040,21860648,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,It has some good ideas but is immensely short and feels lacking. You can beat it in 45 minutes tops. Some stuff you do carries over to the next game but don't expect gaining lots of levels or anything like that.
76561198215655885,Not Recommended,320040,28639900,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jut,"The concept? Great! The result? BadThe game is beautiful, the music, the art style... but after the 3rd time you play it, you start to realize the repetitive gameplay and mechanics. You'll feel more like taking random answers rather than really see how your choices change the world. the game is not optimized, so it will crash and have minor glitches that just keep and keep going on. The online multiplayer mode does NEVER work, doesn't matter how hard you try on any of the servers, it wont work and belive me, i've tried tons of times. Also, there's not really a challenge in the game, you know that everything will keep the same way until the 5th day, and there you can get an acceptable ending, or a boring one that'll make you wonder why you wasted your time.  The combat is like super easy. The game does have potential, but it REALLY needs to be improved, don't buy it until it's on discount or free."
,Recommended,320040,24568301,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Flynntellivision,"This is a great casual co-op game.Play sessions are usually about an hour long and it doesn't ask much of the players in terms of build upgrades or difficulty.honestly, if you're looking for something to play with a small group of friends with some interesting mechanics in terms of story telling and new  things to explore each time, this is a good choice."
,Not Recommended,320040,31512422,Posted: 2 May,all,Ash,"They tried to build a delicate fantasy story around this game, and succeeded to some degree. But to me the game design is shallow and obsoleted. Typical semi-procedual dungeons. Very, very safe skill design. It's a mix of popular game features and wrapped with pixelate art style without too much heart in it."
,Not Recommended,320040,30105790,Posted: 22 February,all,konsnos,Game doesn't let me choose screen and always launches in a certain one. This causes problems for me because this screen has artifacts.
,Recommended,320040,22714053,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AlisaSita,"Really fun, my friend and I enjoy playing multiplayer."
,Recommended,320040,32844745,Posted: 26 June,all,TheSillyBoy,"i reall like the look of this game, and iv enjoyed all the time iv put into it. unfortunately i havent had a chance to play with others."
76561198272045682,Not Recommended,320040,29993662,Posted: 17 February,all,joenardi01,"Paid for it, downloaded it. Now i get to watch it tell me that the game crashed. EVERY single time i try to play it. Wonderful. I hear it's a great game but unfortunatley all i can do is sit here and wonder why, once again i wasted money on this."
,Not Recommended,320040,31453755,Posted: 29 April,all,loldemort,"Don't think the game is worth the acclaim it seems to get. It's very simple, the story is not very unique, compelling, or interesting, and the gameplay is boring. It's just an exceedingly-simple game. I don't find its ""branches"" or choices to really be interesting. I would expect it to be 2$ on the iOS app store. Definitely not worth it at its price."
76561198133542889,Not Recommended,320040,22329500,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,franciscleanslate,"I cannot reccomend this game, as it is broken! getting controllers to work on this game is a joke for a 2016 title. I never write bad reviews but the fact that even trying to play the game with friends is impossible is just so very disappointing! You have an obligation to fix!"
,Not Recommended,320040,31980957,Posted: 26 May,all,Flawwles,"Its like an uncut diamond, very rough, lots of flaws, and currently unplayable due to the bugs, but I can see the potential. Hopfully they fix it soon."
76561198051076002,Recommended,320040,21780486,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Banjo,yes
76561198142378385,Recommended,320040,31324465,Posted: 23 April,all,PC боярин,Oh my god!When I play in this game I feel erection!!!10/10:Now maybe 11or 12/10 and game of the yearh!If you like erection you must buy this game.
,Recommended,320040,28321024,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,"2,4-DNPH",I would recommend this game but it gets boring as you play. Love the female characters in the game! XD
76561198149562024,Not Recommended,320040,24475843,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ninetailsisepicone,"this game is good but when you finish it the first time and do another round... and another, and another... it gets more and more boring and unamussing to play, i mean if you like games with multiple endings, which don't blame me, i love games with multiple endings, but i just found this one a bit to repetitive up to a point, it is a good game but i wouldn't say its for people that like to take their time with a game"
,Recommended,320040,22748359,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Redbeard,is gud game
76561198085311327,Recommended,320040,24308953,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,"it wasn't East, It was me, Dio",Make your own story and is Great to play with friends!!10/10 on yelp
,Recommended,320040,23860800,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,poks,Pretty. Great for local co-op. Not sure why the reviews are so mixed.
76561197978225996,Not Recommended,320040,26092316,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NaRc`,"Out of my 11 hours playing this game, I think I have 5 hours trying to launch a multiplayer game and 2 others restarting the maps because one of us randomly crashed and we got kicked out of the game.If the devs decide to fix their game, then maybe it is worth buying it otherwise stay faaaaar away from it."
76561198040688953,Recommended,320040,28603029,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Burt Macklin FBI,Best game ever!There's somehing waiting in the bushes for us... Something waiting in the bushes of love..
76561198095402758,Not Recommended,320040,29795590,Posted: 8 February,all,Menjembeng,"Quit good game, but control are bad. expecially for melee. no diagonal slash ? In 2017 really ? And you can only slash in where char facing, you must release walk button first to slash where your mouse point to. What make it worse are the online. Always dc.I wont recommend this game for now. At least wait for they too fix online game first before buy this game."
,Recommended,320040,31727896,Posted: 13 May,all,Chel~,gud
,Not Recommended,320040,23401983,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Subssss,Bugs hunters. BUGS. BUGS EVERYWHERE!!!!
76561198124158015,Recommended,320040,33754639,Posted: 23 July,all,Bear Feat,"This game was and is a blast to play, I have recomended it to every one who I play games with. The music is also A+. It is not a rough like more it has simmuler things to a rough like."
76561198073737244,Not Recommended,320040,35160051,Posted: 23 September,all,muidhadi,pretty repetitive throughout your experience
76561198086520078,Not Recommended,320040,26753190,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Quniroderso,Multiplayer sucks.
,Not Recommended,320040,24487457,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SoopaSte123,"Music is great, art is great, but gameplay is horribly repetitive... especially solo. It seems like the game doesn't scale based on number of players, and if you're playing solo like I did it is GRINDY. The final boss especially is SUPER boring and takes forever... you'll question whether you're playing it wrong because it takes so long to kill him. Oh, and each playthrough is short so expect a terribly boring end boss grind every time."
76561198070715005,Not Recommended,320040,28046088,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NeinKay,"Keeps crashing. Many things no coded properly. Low replayability, no in-game chatting/voice system."
76561198284741169,Recommended,320040,22977089,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Savior Scuttle,:)
,Not Recommended,320040,25625725,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AngloDoom,"The only game I've asked to refund. Just felt bare and empty every after a couple of playthroughs. There's no real explanation for what's happening or why it matters and so it felt very much like I was just progressing for the sake of progressing. At no point did I feel I was having fun.I tried to like it, I really did, but - with the exception of the soundtrack - it just feels like the kind of experience I can get for free on Newgrounds, so I wouldn't recommend spending the money on the product: even with the current 35% discount."
76561198154676902,Recommended,320040,33266536,Posted: 5 July,all,YockPop,Really damn good.
,Not Recommended,320040,30463445,Posted: 11 March,all,Lord Sampigans,"Couple of big issues on this. But I'll explain the game first. It's a story heavy dungeon crawler where the dungeons are confined zones of outdoor territory, and the story just constantly gets in the way of gameplay. There's a bird that runs around all the time promising good stuff, but if you ever work with it, it just takes your♥♥♥♥♥♥away and gives you a ""foolish"" attribute. Wow. Dope.On top of that, that character that you're starting to grow attached to? Yeah you're going to be done with him in like ten minutes. Then you get to start a new game. But it's okay because there's like 7 characters to choose from. That gives you like.... 70 whole minutes to play with. Totally work 15 bucks.Oh except there's only two good characters. Literally if you play anything else, it will be rage inducing on an undescribable level. Spellsword can literally kill anything in one hit, the ranged chick can crowd control every enemy that looks on her, and nobody else can do anything.There's a character in there that takes ~12 attacks to kill the most basic unit in the game. THE MOST BASIC UNIT, The Spellsword kills the final boss in like 10 seconds. I fought him with Enkidu or whatever for like 15 minutes, and couldn't even take 1/4th of his health. Why would I choose ANY other character?But wait, every time you reset, you verse the SAME enemies and you have the SAME character upgrades with the SAME story and the SAME final boss. So basically, play between two characters in a 10 minutes campaign (that you can speedrun in 5) that repeats itself ad naseum.WHY IS THIS IN THE CO-OP BUNDLE??? The co-op bundle has CRAZY addicting games with actual co-op. This game is a joke. Co-op on Stardew Valley is better. (This review was written before Stardew Valley released co-op. but to be honest I don't think it's ever coming.)"
76561198066758230,Not Recommended,320040,33641642,Posted: 18 July,all,bamadeal,I could never get the multiplayer to work for this game.
76561198018843537,Not Recommended,320040,33046927,Posted: 30 June,all,Boosted Animal \[T]/,cant understand what is going onThe combat part is not fun at all
,Recommended,320040,32143571,Posted: 2 June,all,ΩXphodus LenthΩ,8/8 very gr8
,Recommended,320040,26740316,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,bono,Ryan Groome is my middle name.
76561198227516420,Recommended,320040,33805068,Posted: 26 July,all,hope,PLEASE BUY THIS GAMEWORTH IT10000000000000000000/10
76561197968304707,Not Recommended,320040,29863136,Posted: 11 February,all,faustie,"I dunno what I expected but this is way too soft a game for my tastes, for lack of a better word.  Its very feely and sappy and gooey and lovey and bleh.  I'll stick with Gungeon."
76561197994424040,Not Recommended,320040,32891126,Posted: 27 June,all,x_equals_speed,"Game failed to recognise controller, forums show people having issues with this going back to November last year and it still not being fixed. Uninstalled and requested refund."
,Not Recommended,320040,33943075,Posted: 31 July,all,Quantum,"Stuck on loading screen if playing from MacBook Pro Retina Display 2015 OS X El Capitan. Please fix, I wanna play it so badly but I can't even past the loadscreen"
,Not Recommended,320040,25958492,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,magnet dad,gay no content
76561198156528346,Not Recommended,320040,33109930,Posted: 1 July,all,pdesnoyers3,Story is repetitive
,Not Recommended,320040,33292110,Posted: 5 July,all,kreiger,"Controllers don't work in Linux.It's a known issue, since a YEAR back."
76561198365762975,Not Recommended,320040,29910892,Posted: 13 February,all,miina.mant,"My first attempt at playing this ended with frustration. It did not have a tutorial or tips of any kind. Maybe I missed them or something? I was able to talk and gain compassion but the second I got attacked I died because I was not able to figure out how to attack or defend myself. I don't like games where I die after just a few minutes of actual play time because I can't play. It is frustrating. I will give this game another chance but I don't like games that don't make it easy to learn what to do. I  don't want to die in the first few minutes, personal preference I guess."
76561198091338358,Not Recommended,320040,28394488,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,♥♥♥♥ this
76561198264728990,Not Recommended,320040,33690813,Posted: 21 July,all,arsejacket,"Once upon a time, a moron though he was a baker. So he threw some flour and yeast into a sandwich baggie, then threw the baggie in the clothes dryer.That is this game. Wannabe studio makes wannabe game in the most hilariously halfass way possible.Buy the music, don't buy the game."
,Not Recommended,320040,33242248,Posted: 4 July,all,JewSniff,try to find moon and couldn't.
,Recommended,320040,29242874,Posted: 14 January,all,Zingeljig,Such a good game. I just wish I had frinds to play it with :CPs: playing with your self is always fun too
76561198091249068,Recommended,320040,21776852,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Buddy Luh,"Pretty Game, Fun to Play, Good Music and AmbianceNeeds to fix some minor stuttering, Story seems a little too fragmentedAll in all happy with my purchase"
76561198019156789,Recommended,320040,21777039,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Capt Von Trapp,"First game was a blast.Played, died, made it to final boss.  Died within inches of taking him out.Ending credits ensue:Turns out the goddess wanted me up in heaven.  She calls me, then sits on me.  I am now her permanent throne.Can't wait to find out what happens in the next playthrough."
76561198086436130,Recommended,320040,22016897,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Pastor Savage,its fun just short
76561198278434008,Recommended,320040,22026934,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SiDeLiNeS,"Such a great game, love how you can play it over and over again. The main thing that doesn't work so well is the multiplayer/online thing, when will a better matching thing come out? I know the IP configuration wont work for a few people. but ooverall great art and amazing concept so far, look forward to playing more!"
76561198035371711,Not Recommended,320040,21980070,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,quasarjumper,No motivation to repeat playthrough. Screen Size locked to 1080p. Graphics looks bland and controls feel clunky.
,Recommended,320040,29041911,Posted: 5 January,all,Papa Paul,BEST GAME 2016Its is the best game i played i 2016and this is probaly my favorite game.
76561198093827298,Recommended,320040,25378359,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,restlessfool,"fun wish i had people to play with, 3 base skills each character different nice take on gaming will need to look into how to do certain tasks when stuck.1st play through with druid was great"
,Recommended,320040,25377135,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MICHELANGELO JR.,"I really want to sing Moon hunters praises, The game does a more interesting take on Diablo-style hack-n-slash adventuring by adding in this neat little personality mechanic, that effects how your playthru will go, and what ending you get; giving the game high replayibility and the fact that it has local & online co-op is a huge plus. The character's playstyles are unique, and the story is pretty interesting.However, after afew playthroughs, the gameplay becomes abit monotonous. Each area you go through follow a similiar pattern that after my 4th playthrough I wasnt having fun anymore just trying to see a different ending. Plus I never felt really challenged throughout the whole thing. Thats not a brag, I'm not MLG pro or anything, it just kinda felt I was skating by. And I felt the game did alot of telling rather than showing. For instance, some dudes asked me who I thought was hotter, I choose one, then at the end it informs me I made out with him??I'd reccomend picking this game up if you wanna play a co-op adventure with friends. Espescially if it goes on sale. I just hope the developers build upon this game and release a more fully fleshed out sequal! Thanks you guys."
,Recommended,320040,25546245,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,dan,"Really really really good game. The combat is decent, but where it really shines it the lore/storytellingEvery run of the game adds to the legacy, and all the decisions you make during the run decide and create that addition.My first character, Malfurion, will forever rule the Spirit World, where he composes music<33"
,Recommended,320040,25546247,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Who,"This game is amazing. Just did one play through and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Me and my friend are forever remembered in the stars and it is always there for me to check. It is lovely to see a game pursue the idea of every play through meaning something, but not have it possibly ruin your gameplay in the future."
,Recommended,320040,21756316,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,.Budi,A very enjoyable and relaxing game with nice artwork and amazing music.
,Recommended,320040,21754920,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Pious,I love this game! Been waiting since I first heared about it last year and it did not disapoint! A great little choose your own adventure with great art and an old school legend of zelda feel with great looking art and design. Although I wish they had even MORE hunters to choose from I am satisfied that each and every person can make their own unique hunter. I recommend this title!
76561198072108960,Recommended,320040,21755355,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,slightdevil,"A beatifully done game with a few launch issues including but not limited to, crashing, loading issues, mixup between keyboard and controller play. Once these issues are taken care of I look forward to playing all the way through this game, been waiting for it for over 5 months."
76561198080847942,Recommended,320040,21769855,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gargreth,Is a beautiful game and has tons of replayability. The soundtrack is great and really captures you in the game.
76561198052490536,Recommended,320040,21770299,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Time Turner,"I enjoyed playing moon hunters, while some negative reviews cite  a short length I believe that the replay value of the game is pretty high with variety between runs.Pros+Great art, monster designs and character designs are interesting, unique, and memorable+good music+the kind of events you encounter feel like something out of a myth, you can befriend wild men and meet a serpent that creates rainbows.+different playthroughs will have different eventsCons-wish there was a way to do a longer playthrough so that I could explore more of the world-while enemy designs are interesting I wish for more variety-in general the game feels like it just needs MORE of what it has, luckily the developer plans on expanding the game-the main antagonists feel a bit hammy sometimes, though this isnt much of a flaw, some mythological villains were like this"
76561198150947586,Recommended,320040,21766807,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,S'morez,"Love the art style, the music, and the animations. I have yet to play some online multiplayer, but if it's as good as the single player, it'll be freaking awesome. 10/10 will spend many more hours playing it."
,Recommended,320040,21798339,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Anewcombe,"A great indie action RPG. Mixes elements of choose-your-own-adventure (80 days, Sunless Sea) with a fun combat system. Great pixel art and a really intriguing world. You'll need to play it multiple times to get a real sense of how it works and to see everything."
76561198067572260,Recommended,320040,21797641,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,NanashiNoProfile,"Atmospheric little game, made this old pineapple yearn for the SNES despite it looking nothing like the SNES games I played. The soundtrack is excellent, and definitely worth picking up with the game.Completed the stories of seven characters so far, single player only. My first character died quickly on most days, but aside from a badly thought out Songstress, the rest have been veritable power houses that have taken on the various maps with ease.Addictive enough to demand many new playthroughs, and great for short sessions.Simplest cooking system of all time."
76561198042301773,Recommended,320040,21796196,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,corntortillas1,"Most of the complaints ive seen about this game is that it's too short.  The developers have mentioned in the forums that more content will be added in future updates.  In the meantime, game is meant to be played through over and over again as the decisions you make during gameplay can have a very different outcome than your last playthrough.  The game has an amazing style and the music is phenomenal.  It's a ton of fun if to play with a bunch of friends locally."
76561198065599442,Recommended,320040,21793376,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,XSkylerReigns,"Concept is unique, I enjoy the aspects of the story changing with each choice you make along your way. It might seem a bit laggy at times which is a nuisance but can easily be overlooked. The sprites are beautifully animated and the world itself has a certain charm."
76561197982089533,Recommended,320040,21792531,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Chaos GMR,"Quick 1st play through at 40mins, mostly running until I able to purchase new skills and wreak havoc.Interesting graphics, seems like an evolving story that can be manipulated for different long term outcomes. Replayability as the game opens up. Looking forward to putting in more time to the game."
,Recommended,320040,21903227,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,[GT]Space Viking Cowboy,"Pretty good concept, some bug when playing multiplayer"
76561198069244924,Recommended,320040,25663183,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Chippie,This is such a beautiful game with a ton of replay value. Have yet to become bored with it. Fantastic Job!!!
,Recommended,320040,25660152,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Igglue,"Moon Hunters is a really fun, interesting game. It offers way more than you'd think at first. Really nice to play, even more so in the companion of good friends."
,Recommended,320040,25629620,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lucifer,Looks amazing great soundtrack and gameplay is decently fun I just wish it was longer and had a more comprehensive story rather than design for many short playthroughs
,Recommended,320040,26082931,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,laurienoel,Beautiful soundtrack and engaging lore. I love how the game changes with each playthrough. I enjoy playing this game quite a bit.
76561198158098857,Recommended,320040,26124248,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,THE GREAT CORNHOLIO,"Never gets boring, short for good retellings, good constalation text, and I like how the NPCs remember past charcters and what the have done, And I love the local and online multiplayer feature so you can play with friends."
76561198201038722,Recommended,320040,24581571,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Drako2005,"It's a pretty good game, it's beautiful and fun to play. the only thing i dont like is that you only have like 8 ingame days to play, after that you fight the final boss, and thats it, but it is a great game."
,Recommended,320040,24559092,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Literally Need Help,"The game is good, not so bad. Repetitive is acceptable because not so repetitive as another game. Pixel art of this game are incredibly good, or more likely outstanding (because I like Pixel art most of the games). And the music so great and match with the story. It's more likely you choose your destiny with many choices and possibilities. Go buy this game if you like many choices option to choose."
,Recommended,320040,24585207,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Melan,"This has to be one of the best game I've play in a whail. First off, the characters are awesome, all of them have very unique and awesome character designs. Plus there are many things to explore in the world. You can't just play through the game once, or twice, or even 20 time!"
76561198041115663,Recommended,320040,24434814,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,King Dickie,"TL;DR I short rpg thats lite on stratagy but is beutiful and very enjoyable. If you like local coop games this is a must have.I have done my fair share of runs on this game, some have been on my own, but most have been with my friends. This game has 4 classes: the blood witch that is amazing at DPS, the ritualist(math witch) which is good at ranged, the swordspell which is good at melee, and the druid which is good at ranged or melee depending on if he is in wolf mode or human modeand the suncultist which is good at ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and the bard who is a VERY complecated support that is not noob friendlyThe game play is simple, kill baddies and use money to power up your guy unitl you reach the final boss. Each run through is short, and it heavily encourages more than one play. after each day you set up camp and can do various activities to increase your characters statsMost of the fun is in running into NPCs that give you choices to make that affect the gameplay, your stats, and gives you attributes to your personality. After each run your character is saved as a constillation with a discription of their personailty and feats based on what you did in game. Its actually really fun to read them.The story is simple yet elegant. Im just not going to spoil it.Im going to be honest. If you only game alone this is not a good buy. I however love local coop games, as my friends are poor sad peasents that do not have their own PC so I need games that let me share a single screen so we all can play on my one powerful machine. My friends and I have gotten ALOT of fun out of this. Fighting is simple but its fun, the decisions can tell you who your friends really are. Ends up my friends are all angles and Im a massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. We gotten laughs out of this game, felt a little sad, and screamed for joy when wefound the moon godess and saved the world as well as unlocking skins and the sun♥♥♥♥♥♥.. The bard I found on my own.. Massive fun with friends, I highly recommend this if you like playing with your friends on one single device/shared screen."
,Recommended,320040,25716268,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Neurotical Mind,The game teaches you to think more deeply about your decisions and about balance in the world. It shows you life for everyone in different places and that even the most shadiest of people can be the most respected. It's also multiplayer so it allows for people to make decisions together.
76561198074528576,Recommended,320040,25701231,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,louisewarrior,"This game is beautful, the sound track is even more amazing, and the gameplay can go on forever. I have only played a few hours so far, but I feel like I have barely scratched the surface. This game is challenging at first, and incredibly fun with more players. Easy to play with controller or keyboard, but I recommend controller :)"
76561198171044618,Recommended,320040,25679619,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,chakravakti,Buy it ppepssps good
,Recommended,320040,25541368,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TeenaBobina,Pretty cool and simple game. Despite a few glitches (probably just my connection though) it's still a whole lot of fun especially playing with buddies. Hoping that more content would be released.
,Recommended,320040,25722159,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sheepleat,"When this game passed by in my personalised que, it was on sale for a little under 10 bucks. I got it right away and played 8-9h on the first day already. Though by now it does seem to be getting a little repetative, there is still much to unlock.Im not really a big fan of pixel games because, I feel like with the graphics we can have nowadays, pixel is just... lame.However, I find it very fitting and not annoying at all in this game. And the story art is simply beautiful.I love the fact that you have to make choices, and that they affect your future.The only thing I wish the game had is a kind of, free play mode. Where youre not stuck to the 5 days only, and can basicly keep going, getting stronger. But on the other hand, the 5 days only does make it more interesting.Overall I love this game and recommend it."
,Recommended,320040,26061653,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Johnny5point6,"This game is very pleasant. At first, you feel kinda cheated because you get to 'the end' so soon. But then you play again, and it is refreshing. Then you play again. Then again. Anyway, this desperately needs to be a mobile game. I would play the ever-living-dickens out of it if it was on my phone (except I am Windows phone...so make it a universal app). Anyway, pretty great. I feel like I have only scratched the surface."
,Recommended,320040,25878034,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Wolfe Procter,"This game isn't just a cool indie action RPG with an engaging storyline; it's also an insightful way to learn about yourself.  I think it would be even more fun with friends, but none of my friends own the game, and the devs apparently think that public multiplayer is a bad idea for this game, so I won't be able to try multiplayer anytime soon..."
76561198072711654,Recommended,320040,21826406,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ma.faucher,Zelda meets FTL
76561198079309954,Recommended,320040,21826807,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Clover,The visuals are gorgeous and the gameplay semmingly endless. Each adventure is different thus making the idea of unlocking everything addictive. I absolutely adore this game!
76561198067537235,Recommended,320040,21828336,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,arkamazanku,"I've put a few hours into this game and have to say that it's not going to be for everyone, but if it's for you, you are going to love it.I've yet to play multiplayer, but exploring and encountering things is a lot of fun. I usually try out different responses each time I encounter something for the second time to sdee the other side of the coin and that's something I like.There are plenty of bugs and occasionally it gets repetative(In the not good way) but in the end it feels like as I play it again and again I take something away from it that I hadn't gotten before."
,Recommended,320040,21828343,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BoneDaddyDiesel,If Zelda and Diablo had a baby... Moon Hunters is a very interesting game. The pixel art and soundtrack are so ambient and beautiful. It has the perfect mix of old school nostalgia and hack and slash gameplay. Not to mention it's co-op both local and online. This game is a must have for RPG fans.
76561198045063850,Recommended,320040,21827108,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr.NadiGood,"Simple, but hauntingly beautiful. It's not often you get a strong sense of the sacred in a game and it is nice to lose yourself in it."
76561198292042720,Recommended,320040,21827185,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kitsunend,I really enjoyed this game
76561198086372580,Recommended,320040,21837035,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,HainDomDom,This game is very good but i cant play with my friends please FIX MULTIPLAYER PROBLEM !!!
,Recommended,320040,21894390,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Megawarui,"There are definitely things to be desired, but from the looks of it the devs plan on adding a lot - great game, but it would be nice if you could continue playing the same character after your three days are up."
,Not Recommended,320040,30150242,Posted: 24 February,all,Kenny,"Europe server always crashes, Other regions get desync. Multiplayer is interesting but ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Recommended,320040,30246786,Posted: 28 February,all,matorin57(DM-GM-BM),"Good considering it allows 4 person COOP would not play single playerPros:-Good COOP, easy to pick up and play.-Combat is intuitive and fun-Cool art syle and aestheticCons:-Straight up bugs, like if you play with multiple people local it will striaght up mix up who made which choices in the ned, which kind of defeats the entire purpose of making choices-Hard to understand, the non-linear story is cool, but for a collection of short play sessions where you get no information it ends up being confusing-Laggy, somehow it is laggy and glitchy. I am on at GTX 970 and it would occasionally lag"
,Recommended,320040,31247108,Posted: 19 April,all,hàVóK,Great little RPG! I've been waiting to play an RPG with my kids and this one is a great starter one for kids plus it's fun for adults too. It's neat for them to see their characters come to life in the story aspect of the game. Great soundtrack too!
,Recommended,320040,30312434,Posted: 4 March,all,Hatecaster,I highly recommend this game. Great expirience for solo adventure or with friend on the couch.Dated last boss 10/10
,Not Recommended,320040,30307424,Posted: 3 March,all,ancientorange,"Given that this game markets itself as a ""personality test"", you might think there is some sort of personality report feature. Not really. Sadly, that was what interested me about it. It's no more a personality test than any CRPG.The game takes a brave move of trying to tell a story through repeated plays with multiple characters. But after the third or fourth time of being brutally murdered after five levels, I found it very stale--though the aforementioned schism between expectation and delivery probably accellerated that.Each character plays slightly differently, some being profoundly harder to play than others. The world is randomly generated so you never know how screwed you're going to be (other than that you will die in five levels) until you are in game. You can gradually increase stats and skills as gains made in each playthrough are retained, but I was never particularly thrilled by those results (even as few hours as I have entailed several playthroughs--other than the grind, the game is very short).For some reason, there is also a cooking feature that you have the option of doing after every day except the last (dead people don't cook much I guess). You will gradually unlock food items and the cooking ""game"" is more or less like playing Doodle God--but much much much more slowly. You'll be a looooong time discovering all the recipes, but it probably won't take much time at all to be bored of discovering them.I found the pixel art to be decent, and it reads well, but overall I didn't care for what the game actually is."
,Recommended,320040,30231365,Posted: 27 February,all,Whalemart,"A little experience of mine'you find a flute on the ground what will you do?'A)Play the flute B)Steal the flute""picks A""'you play the flute so well it atracts and audience''snakes gather around you''you gain foolishness'""snakes begin attacking me""me: well excuuuuuese me for not wanting to steal someones flute!!!"
76561198067330202,Recommended,320040,30352347,Posted: 6 March,all,InsaneSeishiro,"It reminds me a lot of ""the Yawhg"" in the sense that it is esentially a choose your own adventuregame, but with some actual combat elements added to it, and more and more unlocks you can get by playing through the game over and over again."
76561197994339037,Recommended,320040,30137589,Posted: 24 February,all,GammaSpartan,"Creative concept with excellent replayability. Co-op needs work, but only insofar as making it easier for players to link up with other players--there's a tutorial on the website blog on how to forward ports for game hosts to invite other people to their game. Other than that, the game itself is incredibly rewarding.I've played through four times, twice by myself and twice with my partner. Each playthrough I've come across new and different landmarks and encounters that make the world feel much deeper than I can understand yet. The randomized elements make for an exciting game every time--the five day time limit makes you value each decision, pushes you to explore each area thoroughly, and is just enough time to explore and learn a little bit more about the world before you learn too much, encouraging you to play it again.I highly recommend this for any fans of RPGs looking for a unique experience. If you CAN set up co-op without too many issues, it's even better."
,Recommended,320040,31243873,Posted: 19 April,all,The Master of Fluff,"The personality traits players can pick up during their adventures are a nice aspect and the game's a lot of fun to play. The story's interesting and the artwork's quite nice. I spend most of my time in single player.Co-op sounds fun in theory, but it's hard to connect with someone unless you set up something with someone. Maybe servers would be a good idea? Also, both players should get separate loot. With how it is now, you can accidentally (or on purpose?) pick up the loot from another person's kill. Either separate loot should appear for the players or they should have a shared inventory."
76561198183428878,Recommended,320040,31584081,Posted: 6 May,all,Joanah,"Moon Hunters is a very fun game and it has a very nice story building mechanic, I like it."
,Recommended,320040,31490073,Posted: 1 May,all,Kristoffer,"Could use a bit more polish but an overall enjoyable game.It has an interesting concept, decent story and a fun multiplayer."
76561197966405106,Recommended,320040,31695787,Posted: 11 May,all,Indreju,"Great RPG game, especially for couch co-op. The game play is 2d, top down punching; with a few level up type traditional RPG elements, but I've been especially enjoying creating the stories and memories for the Game World. After you run through the game once, your character becomes a myth, and the overall story isn't any particular conflict, but to maintain a cultural memory of the events and people who are important.There's some great humor, lots of subtle interactions that you learn to optimize are you re-play the game, and the actual gameplay is easy to learn but with a bit more depth than appears on the surface. It's not grindy, which I appreciate. The music is generally great, although I suggest mixing up your locations a bit to change the soundtrack on occasion. The graphics aren't good, but they are pretty and thoroughly appropriate and I adore them."
,Recommended,320040,31800130,Posted: 16 May,all,Korusho,"Not exactly a personality test as claimed, but more of a roguelike that forces you to restart every thirty to fourty minutes of gameplay, if you burn through zones quickly.The music is beautiful to listen to, and I recommend purchasing the soundtrack. The artwork is certaily appealing and keeps the combat in game easy to understand.Just remember the Druid is strength based."
76561198306476830,Recommended,320040,31962161,Posted: 25 May,all,Alfie,The game is beautifully designed with smooth characters.a great plot as well
,Recommended,320040,32046367,Posted: 29 May,all,Rad Bromance,"Even though the core game is pretty short, the characters are all distinct enough that multiple playthroughs feel pretty warranted, especially since the game gets mixed up each time so you'll get some fresh levels to go through. On top of that, having your stories from past characters be carried over and referenced gives a nice tied-together feeling to the whole thing.The multiplayer is fun and pretty easy to get started with. The character mechanics can work well together and it's fun arguing over which choices to take."
76561198122338062,Recommended,320040,32101538,Posted: 31 May,all,Colonel Zarpederp,"I really like this game. The combat, stat building, and visuals were very enjoyable. The story was ok at best, and the music got a little repetitive.The only drawback I found to this game is that nothing scales up in difficulty when you add more players. I was really excited t oco-op this game with 3 of my friends only to find that we could beat an entire run in under 20 minutes, leaving them generally unimpressed with the length of the game."
,Recommended,320040,32073607,Posted: 30 May,all,Mel,"This game is very short and sweet. For what it is, though, I liked it a fair bit. The characters all have different combat styles, and the RP aspect is really fun. I played this with my partner, and we had a lot of fun. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes pixel art, pretty landscapes, the stars, and fighting in games. The combat system is not difficult to master. Your choices in the games  (usually made by exploring as many regions on the map as you can), will determine what you're known as. Once you've beaten it on one character, you still have not beaten the game. Seriously. You wont get to the end of the game just through one playthrough.Good luck!"
76561198098389912,Recommended,320040,27527939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EvasiveRecluse,this game is great i really enjoy it and would love to see even more content added to it! Thats really the only down side though is the lack of content.
76561197979918467,Recommended,320040,27286612,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thammuz,"While the game is by no means perfect, it's a solid effort with a gorgeous artstyle and a setting that is used so extremely rarely it's worth playing, even just for that.If, like me, you love the haunting atmosphere of ancient mythology, do yourself a favour and buy this game, now."
,Recommended,320040,27283073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Moon hunters is a Pixel art, roguelike/lite game with RPG elements (skill leveling etc.) and a story that unwinds with every playthrough. This game is great for short bursts where you just want a break or for long playthroughs where you explore every corner looking for more story.This game won't be everyones thing but if you like fantasy, mystery and exploration you'll have a good time! The art style is good looking as well without being too generic. The unique point of the game is it's personality trait system and what it unlocks. Depending on what actions you do, your characters personality will change and will define what he/she does. They can be any compination of brave, impatient, wise, cunning, intelligent the list goes on! Moon Hunters has high replayability with (now 6 i believe) unique characters and content that changes and unlocks with every playthroughIn short, avoid this if you're sick of rogue(insert whatever it is here) games and pixel art indies. Definitely get this if you want story, exploration and a bit of good fun! Also the soundtrack is amazing!"
76561198037664287,Recommended,320040,29215691,Posted: 12 January,all,KristmasKthulu,I went in to play this game with friends and found that the teamwork made the battles a blast and the story telling vote system and way of rewarding players who don't get their way made the game even better.
76561197961464263,Recommended,320040,29226752,Posted: 13 January,all,kirthalion,Worth your time and money. Saying more might spoil things.
,Recommended,320040,29310247,Posted: 16 January,all,JoosiePoosie,"Fun game, very intersting"
,Recommended,320040,29455803,Posted: 23 January,all,AM,"I do not do alot of reviews, but right now after my third playthrough I feel compelled to share my excitement with this game.I AM REALLY EXCITED TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!!I have only played co-op with two other people and throughly have enjoyed it. I like the music, the story, the way events and conversations shape your character without being very obvious. So far for me the combat is challenging, but not frustrating to where I feel like its impossible. I have a short attention span and it seems each playthough is no more than 2 hours so not so long that I get bored or distracted. I really recommend this game if you have other people to play with, I think part of the charm is having multiple people making decisions and seeing how it shakes out."
,Recommended,320040,29379377,Posted: 20 January,all,Frore,"Moon Hunters is a fantastic game filled with secrets and mysteries. The gameplay, the soundtrack and the story are all great and I recommend this game to anyone.The only way to ruin this game for yourself is to use google to solve the mysteries. The game loses much of it's charm when you this."
,Recommended,320040,29379970,Posted: 20 January,all,Somah,This game takes the beauty I only found in games like journey and combines it with diablo styled gameplay I highly reccomend this game both for those who enjoy games solo or for those who want to share a beautifully done and lore richworld with friends!
,Recommended,320040,29368197,Posted: 19 January,all,✜₰ђΐęłđ✜,"The game feels great with a controller, I haven't tried with my Mouse & Keyboard yet but there is a lot of replay value here and the Co-op feels good (When it stays connected) hopefully those issues will be resolved soon. Playing Local games are perfect!"
,Recommended,320040,29475981,Posted: 24 January,all,Akihara,10/10
76561198302122403,Recommended,320040,29296436,Posted: 16 January,all,codyhoyt26,Super fun to play with friends. We played through this game 4 times in one night. I wish they had a couple more characters to unlock and customizable options.
,Recommended,320040,30048042,Posted: 19 February,all,Krooger,"This game is really fun, and makes me want to play multiple runs with different characters and choices.I wish that the technical issues didn't restrict online play so much. I can't seem to play for more than 5 or 10 minutes before team disconnect and application restart. Seems it's worse with more players connected.If you're able to have a solid online game, I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,320040,30113733,Posted: 22 February,all,Whiskey-Leg,"I can't speak for the performance of online multiplayer, but the single player is very enjoyable. Soundtrack is great, and even has one track that reminds me of some of the areas in Mega Man Legends 2. The combat isn't incredibly deep or complicated, but it's fun enough to stand up to some other dungeon crawler type ARPGs. The way the story and each playthrough unfolds is very interesting, and I find it very enjoyable to test out different character builds and choices every time I play. The Endless Arena mode is fun, though repetitive. Since this is strictly a co-op game, I can't complain too much about the power imbalance between some of the characters. Some of the characters simply struggle in normal combat, and trying to deal damage, while others can stomp through levels at top-speed without a scratch. I got this game on sale, and it was worth every penny thusfar, and I'm excited to try out the co-op in the near future."
76561198047025532,Recommended,320040,29680961,Posted: 3 February,all,ummsells,Good for casual gaming and lots of replayability. Hidden features +
,Recommended,320040,29977939,Posted: 16 February,all,lot9s,This game is a blast to play with friends! I cannot recommend it enough to those who enjoy co-op.
,Recommended,320040,29973487,Posted: 16 February,all,ScorchTower,"Great co-op game for online and local. I played with 1 other person and the game was amazing.One of the best aspects are the classes all being different, there is a class for everyone.Thank goodness that the currency is shared, because upgrades are amazing help."
,Recommended,320040,34808725,Posted: 7 September,all,ma5xy91,"Playing alone is great, seems like playing with others would be even better.Honestly no complaints for this game. It provides as advertized."
76561198282994795,Recommended,320040,33958531,Posted: 1 August,all,flycatcherdiy,Im loving this game! Its beautiful and has lots of replay value. I do wish there was the option to do some more exploring thought. The five day format makes it feel like youve never fully explored the world.
,Recommended,320040,34470949,Posted: 24 August,all,Gex,"My first playthrough made me think the game was more clever then it was, I got the right information at the right time and NPC's kept pointing me in the general direction. I found the last boss on the final day, entered the code thing and got what I assume is the best ending- as well as unlocking the song girl and having a snake pet. I saw a review that was saying that they worked that out after a ton of play throughs so- probably just got super lucky.I kinda bought it without thinking for the multiplayer, it seemed interesting to have people effect the story- have a random character attempt to ruin your day or have the sage player that gets annoyed that a noob doesn't know what to do. But- sadly I do not know what the multiplayer is like, the community seems a little dead and there's no lobby system, most of it's done through invite to avoid trolls, I don't have any friends that like this kinda game.As a singleplayer game though- it's a fun, a little short, with a couple of unlocks, a few interesting characters and a lot of replay value as a character with different traites will give you different outcomes for some events. You also unlock new area's, new start locations and new characters with each playthrough. The main story is a little lack luster- I've... no idea what's going on, the moon is gone and there's some fire rock dude that is the main bad guy...? The side quests and such are cool though- worth the buy on a steam sale"
,Recommended,320040,34216244,Posted: 13 August,all,Dank Weed,Good game with good story and great visual
76561198153871243,Recommended,320040,34277105,Posted: 16 August,all,dofi suph,great game and soundtrack
76561198116058324,Recommended,320040,34245677,Posted: 14 August,all,Darn tootin stranger,Got cursed by a bird and croc 10/10
76561197984767686,Recommended,320040,34445537,Posted: 23 August,all,RoboRampage,An interesting concept pulled off excellently. A rogue-like that gives meaning to your decisions and uses them to weave a tale of your hero(es) at the end of each adventure.  Beautiful graphics that suit the style of the game. I would highly recommend.
,Recommended,320040,34443228,Posted: 23 August,all,BimbleBee,"This game is absolutely delightful and replayability is high. There are so many possible scenarios, characters, and unlockables, and having each playthrough restricted to 6 days lets you go through each experience without feeling like you're slogging through to get achievments. The game is very easily played solo, but I have yet to play it with anyone else, so I can't comment on multiplayer. The art and soundtrack are also fantastic.If I have one critique, it would be that reputation and story events don't seem to tranlate directly to constellations. Sometimes I'll have an event in my hero mythos that never happened, and it's not quite clear how each particular reputation/mixture of reputations affects which constellation they get in the end, so it's hard to build a target character. That being said, it does allow me to just play they game how I want without worrying on unlocks, so it's not all bad.Also, I read a waypoint article by one of the members of Kitfox talking about how they don't depend on crunch, and as someone who does like the idea of supporting a company concerned about worker welfare this definitely makes me feel good about my purchase. Keep up the good work, Kitfox!"
,Recommended,320040,35262674,Posted: 28 September,all,BetterLegends,Any game that lets me kiss the final boss and win deserves a medal.
