user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,320090,16125999,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hukdora,"This comes with a bare recommendation with a caveat. The game is simple. Much of the puzzle gameplay falls down to trial and error while you learn how to create various celestial objects. So if you like simple, relaxing games than you will like this. If you don't like trial and error though, this game will be INCREDIBLY frustrating.A delightful little puzzle game with visual novel elements. Basically the crux of the game falls down to: you are asked to create specific celestial bodies (stars, nebula, planets etc) in the 'Star Seeing Basin'. The basin contains gases of five elements, and placing various 'seeds' at different locations within the basin affects what celestial object will form. So trial and error. You are given hints as to how specific things will form – which not only includes where a seed is placed in the basin, but its proximity to other placed objects – but essentially it comes down to experimentation. This basin affects the flow of energy within Kyoto. As you form new celestial bodies in the basin through experimentation and thus complete requests, you then travel to each of the five locations in Kyoto within the game which will give a progression of the story. Each location has a character to meet, and basically you affect their lives as you manipulate the basin.One of the first things you notice is how animated characters are. Usually even with higher budget VN games it is static images talking to each other. Here there is lip-flapping, clothes and hair moving to wind etc. The drawings can be a little on the crude side occasionally, but it still fits within the distinct artstyle. The music likewise is very good and matches the mood and style of the game very nicely. The localisation is solid and has a flair and finesse to the translation that Carpe Fulgur have become known for. It is something a little different from them and adds nicely to their catalog of interesting titles. Basically this game is something good to chill and relax with."
,Recommended,320090,16261820,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tecman,"This one is a bit of a harder sell, but it's worth it.I wasn't even sure what I was getting into, since I didn't try the demo first, but the first impression from the images I had seen was a bit weird because, to me, the color palette seemed a bit off, and the edges are rendered a bit roughly. Although once you actually start the game, you notice that the characters are actually animated (they actually open their mouths in the Visual Novel-ish portions of the game), and their clothing are a separate layer which animates all the time, which gives the game a nice little aesthetic of its own. The story is okay (so far) and the characters are very likeable.The gameplay itself also surprised me: It's very hands-off. It does nudge you into some general concepts at first, and gives you some hints, but most of the gameplay is actually a form of experimentation with the tools you're given. You use a Star-seeing Basin to place star seeds and other ""building blocks"" into it. The game gradually gives you more and more of these building blocks - various types of basic stars - which you then combine into more complex stars and other celestial bodies via placement, proximity, density, timing, energy (there's five ""types"" and they govern what types of stars you'll get), etc.I found the game at its best when I was just trying various combinations to just see what would happen. This can sometimes be frustrating when you're trying to figure out how to make a specific star or a more complex astronomical body and you're not sure anymore what you have and have not attempted, but it's incredibly satisfying when you eventually do figure it out."
,Recommended,320090,16197928,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SpazmanianDevil,"I have no idea what I'm doing but good news! It seems to be working!The gist is basically there's this Star Basin that is able to affect what's going on in various places in Kyoto. By creating stars (however one is supposed to do that) of certain types fulfill the quests you've been given and it progresses the game. Seriously, this isn't a game style I've ever played before.It give you the bare minimum tutorial and leaves you to trial and error like a boss. I felt like a real scientist when I was trying to make a nebula. And then I felt like an inept God when I accidentally created a Black Hole. But that's the real fun of this game. You don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ you are doing but you keep doing it anyway and stuff happens and you're like YEAH I DID THAT AND I DON'T KNOW HOW OR IF I'LL BE ABLE TO DO IT AGAIN BUT WHO CARES BECAUSE I'M AWESOME AND DON'T NEED ANY RULES!!!!I love this game. I will be playing more in the future."
,Recommended,320090,16300132,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SilentCaay,"This is a rather quirky puzzle game. I can recommend it but I will also warn you it requires some patience. The puzzles come in the form of trying to make certain types of stars and constellations. Making stars can take time, practice and experimentation, though. You sometimes have to wait for various stars to evolve to the right level and if it didn't work out the way you hoped then you may have to start over. The game also doesn't hold your hand. You're expected to just jump right in with a ""try various things and see what happens"" approach. It is sort of time sink-y in that regard. If you get stuck, however, there's a helpful ""SOS"" button right in the game that links to a partial walkthrough just in case. If you're looking for a more laid-back kind of game, you should be able to get into it.The story is delivered in VN-style cutscenes and you learn of various NPCs' problems that you try to alleviate with the help of the Star-Seeing Basin - a kind of sea monkey tank for pseudo stars. You'll place various types of seeds in the basin, grow some stars, combine some elemental alignments and, voilà!, problems solved. If you're still not sure, there is a demo available. Check it out!Final Edit: Don't take my playtime to be an indicator of the length of the game. Due to the large amount of downtime while growing stars, I often played this while doing other things so the playtime is inflated from idling. Having completed the game, I would still recommend it to any puzzle game fan. It's rather unique and the story, while not terribly fantastic, still does a decent job of driving the game and giving you goals."
,Recommended,320090,20151413,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Anne,"Charming, pretty and unique. A plus if you love the ""starry night"" aesthetic and all the mythological references. A hidden jewel in my personal opinion."
,Recommended,320090,17958619,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,McWhite,"This Starry Midnight We Make is a charming indie game with experimentation at its heart. I do not think this is a puzzlegame and I think that's a good thing.After having completed this game 100% I can recommend this game to everyone who is a perfectionist, likes astronomy or is just generally packed with curiousity.Gameplay:I was intrigued by how well this game handles exploration and experimantations and I rarely found myself frustrated as the game always ever so slightly nudges you in the right direction. If you really read the descriptions and the dialogue you will get through 90% of this game without having too much trouble.Which leads me to the last 10%.The game puts a timer on each type of star you can plant and thats fine as long as you can switch between multiple different ""building sites"" where you try to figure out how stars evolve, however, It gets tedious as soon as you are set to get this one star that completes a sequence and you need like 20 or 50 of these beginner-stars which only regenerate at a snail like rate.My tipp: If you 100% this game you should watch some youtube videos on the side or a movie or something.Graphics:This Game has surpsingly good character models which can do a variety of animated expressions which I would love to see more in games that feature this visual novel like style. There is a downside to this though, or should I say a bummer: You don't really see the character expression when you have to read the text... So this would have worked much better in a fully voiced game, but then again, this was done by only a handful of people.Story:Basically you have 5 storylines: 4 people living in the town the game takes place in and your own.There is nothing much to say otherwise. There is not nearly enough dialogue or time you spend with each character to get you deeply invested, but each character is unique in his own way and well written (props to carpefulgur).The twists and overarching story are interesting enough so the story ends up being a definite plus for the game.I also like how they use the story to drive the progression of the game, give you hints for certain type of stars and give you an overall sense of purpose. As a result this game does not suffer from ""Ludonarrative dissonance"" which I am always a fan of."
,Recommended,320090,24686834,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,baja gaijin,"An interesting simulation/VN hybrid that challenges you to intuit how to develop a galaxy via alchemy. The writing's charming and the game itself is fun, even if you may brick wall in places as you try to figure out what you need to do just right. If it clicks, you'll blaze through it, and even if it doesn't, it's still a fun world to dive into briefly."
,Recommended,320090,20232515,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RavenWorks,"Frustrating but interesting puzzle/simulation game. (Don't be misled by the number of 'visual novel' screenshots, that portion of the game is just a fairly slight framing device...)This game is for people who like to poke an opaque puzzle until they're able to make sense of how it works. It will take a lot of experimentation and patience, but it's pretty satisfying when it works. (Some of the recipes were just too unguessable for me to figure out, so I wound up looking up some of the answers, but even for those ones I still had fun experimenting.)It has almost a 'clicker'-like level of compulsiveness when you're setting up experiments--ingredients take time to mix (though usually only a few seconds) so you can start setting up a second trial while the first one matures, and so on...Absolutely worth playing if you like experimenting and can enjoy a little frustration."
76561198040904362,Recommended,320090,23132904,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,(◣﹏◢)₭alloween☠KIRA,So much  yes I don't want to spoil it but I do at the same time.... I will admit I swear bout hour 4 I was just like nooo wtf is this. But I promise it is so worth it. Ok just hit the wall and go over it and you will not be dissapointed. I really have just been giving thumbs ups when I like games or nah... But this game is so worth the 5 min write im doing. Lulz Honestly I really can't say much without giving it away but its all about patterns and colors. LOL you will just have to give it a try or not.. Take my word or not. This game is really cool. :)Like 10/10 And I just feel like a nub hard cuz it took me that long to figure it out???? LULZ
,Recommended,320090,20458521,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Toltage,"This game is actually an interesting find. To shortly describe the gameplay, if you've ever played the ""Alchemy"" type of games where you mix multiple elements together to make more elements, This Starry Midnight We Make is almost like that. However in this game there are added restraints and rules that make it a bit more complex, those being that you can only make certain types of stars in their designated sections of the Basin, and stars need time and gases to further evolve, among other contraints. And the combinations of star types are nowhere near as obvious initially as a lot of elements in Alchemy (fortunately the game has a link to a game FAQ if you get stumped on anything progress-blocking).Additionally another aspect that furthers it from those types of games is the fact that you attain quests from characters you meet in the story scenes of the game, which is notably the other half of TSMWM. So rather than constantly throwing particles of stardust at each other over and over without concrete goal, you'll have milestones for all four side characters (for most of the game anyway). Also worth noting that the story scenes aren't too bad for a small title like this one. Art and music are fairly decent, and the writing has some charm to it. I wouldn't say the story is groundbreaking by any means, but it serves its purpose well enough.If you've got a few bucks to throw around and want something more relaxed, definitely worth a few hours of playtime."
,Recommended,320090,16129412,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,helen.lemy,"- Oh a new Simulation game, I'd better dig in.- Oooh, starry theme. This is something new, I think I will love it.- Hmm, anime style with not too shabby graphic, this may keep me playing...- Yay, I created some stars... Wtf is a nebula? Dammit, too much for my shameful vocabulary to handle....- If I add this and this... Why the eff is my star disappearing? Why isn't this evolving?- Stop throwing massive words into my face, I know English isn't my first language...- Twinkle twinkle little star, why the♥♥♥♥♥aren't you evolving?....- Watery eyes, checked. Headaches, checked. Star obsession, checked. Losing my sanity over stupid little stars, checked.=> This game makes so much sense that after a while playing, I'm lost and don't know what to do anymore. I will give it a big YES so that others can buy and test their sanity. Good luck to y'all."
76561198078661962,Recommended,320090,24030265,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Worldwatcher,"In brief: a nicely self-contained puzzle game framed by a short story, based on combining objects in very specific ways. Lots of trial-and-error, logical thinking is (sometimes) helpful. Balances frustration with a nice sense of reward - buy it if you like figuring out how to build things.Gameplay: At its core, TSMWM is a game about building things up. You start with a few fundamental pieces (""stars"", which unlock as the game progresses), and a playing field (the ""Star-Seeing Basin"") in which those pieces can evolve in different ways, depending on where you put them and what other stars they're near. Throughout the game, you're given a number of tasks to complete, each of which involves making a particular type of star or a constellation of stars. It's up to you to figure out how to actually do that - you get some guidance from your in-game ""teacher"" and his book, but often it's all just trial and error, especially late in the game. Of my ~48 hours in this game, about 1/2 were spent trying to figure the combinations for the last 10 (of ~140) star types. This is often a frustrating process - I'd recommend taking frequent breaks. Despite that, it is a fun and sometimes calming game to play, especially if you're into puzzles.Story: The game's storyline is fairly brief - you meet the two leads, then the 4 characters for whom you complete tasks. Each of them has 10 or so scenes, and then there are several ""endgame"" scenes when you're getting close to those last few stars. It's an interesting story set in 1910s Japan with some mystical elements, and HAMOMORU IS ADORABLE. *ahem*Visual and Sound: Like the story, fairly limited but done well. The characters are designed cleanly and are partially animated - in that sense, TSMWM actually goes beyond most visual novels. There are also a few interesting visual quirks, like animations on the characters' clothes. This game has a fairly unique art style overall, which I think adds to the ""ethereal"" mood. Same goes for the soundtrack - the music usually doesn't stand out, but does a good job of conveying tone."
76561198160868511,Recommended,320090,33223556,Posted: 4 July,all,Strayed Lynx,"This Starry Midnight We Make is a doujin game that combines puzzles/simulation with visual novel narration,the game is very good,it's simple yet elegant aesthetics are truly unique and it's extremely enjoyable when you need to relax,also it bear mentioning that the characters are fully animate and their emotions are synched with the dialogue,which goes a long way to pull you into the story.Raccomanded anyone that enjoys puzzle games or visual novels."
,Recommended,320090,24004761,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lyssy,"This game is a wonderful sandbox to play in that encourages experimentation and creativity. It can get slightly tedious waiting for some of the more elaborate stars to evolve, but your ""star basin"" will continue evolving its contents even when you are doing other activities in the game. There are a ton of stars to discover and a lot of possibilities to create a totally unique star basin."
,Not Recommended,320090,23823136,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Roxolan,"This is very much a first-impression review. The game just couldn't get me interested for longer.It's a slow-paced and rather boring puzzle game, gating a slow-paced and rather boring storyline.I am also not a fan of some of the art design. The pond, where you'll spend most of your time, just isn't easy on the eyes. Nor are the kimono with shifting patterns that many characters wear."
76561198004469540,Not Recommended,320090,23945452,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lichifruit,"In this game you mostly experiment by dropping things into the play area without guidance and see what comes about. Look for how to make different things for its own sake. It's an interesting tool for teaching the process of discovering rules. It's done no favors by its unpolished visual presentation and its blase writing. You'll get little guidance or purpose from the game itself, making more a toy than a game at times."
,Recommended,320090,21072944,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"It's really hard to pin this game into a genre. It's an exploratory puzzle game, but feels kinda like an idle game and definitely has a storyline. It's uinque and quirky and if that sounds like something you might be interested in, I recommend it.You can see my first impression playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1ER8sdCeF4"
,Recommended,320090,16127598,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sivek,"Thought I was getting into a game about divination or astronomy.  Instead, I've ended up collecting strands of hair."
76561198044726835,Not Recommended,320090,16675375,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Threzque,This is a puzzle game with small hint.Hard to play. Waste of time and money
,Recommended,320090,17958803,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,AlexWrench,"Another unique and meditative game from Cavyhouse. This is a strange game about running experiments by placing points at varying distances from each other, and learning how they grow and change over time. Certainly not for everyone, but there's nothing quite like it anywhere."
76561198013141287,Recommended,320090,19974094,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Centipede,"A wonderful little puzzle game. It references a lot of themes from the mythos of Greek and Eastern astrology and thus the game creates its own cute and smooth shroud of mystique.Recommended if you like puzzles where you have to find out the properties of elements through experimenting, like World of Goo or Little Inferno (off the top of my head)."
,Recommended,320090,23790752,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lexi,"A very interesting and esoteric little puzzle game, Starry Midnight offers you a massive toolbox and goals to work with and offers you no guidance on how to get there - it's up to you, as the player, to figure out how the tools you've been provided with interact in order to manipulate what you've been given to get what you need.You don't HAVE to play the game this way, of course - there's a lovely guide on Steam offering you charts of the processes involved in making any given thing, but there's still joy to be found in the actual process of creating what you need, even if you know how to make it. Think of it as being the difference between cooking with or without a cookbook.On the writing side, Carpe Fulgur are at their absolute best again - fantastic scriptwriting combined with the game's innate beautiful aesthetic really help the characters and world come to life. The game is let down by some hamhanded and poor writing in the overarching story aspect - especially with the game's endings - but this is very much an unavoidable problem with the original script rather than any fault in localization.Honestly speaking, though, the overarching story is such a small part of the game compared to the character writing and development that it doesn't hold the game back much at all (and, indeed, I think my bewildered reactions to the game's attempt at 'twists' provided me much enjoyment in their own right.) There's a lot to love about Starry Midnight, and I think it makes a good rainy day game."
,Recommended,320090,22774975,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tim,Beautiful visuals and music. Charming writing. Compelling zen gameplay. I felt relaxed but driven while trying to make constellations and certain star patterns. Anyone who likes sim games or visual novels should give this a try! You've gotta get this if you've ever wanted to feel like a court mage or an alchemist.
,Recommended,320090,32432718,Posted: 15 June,all,Miyu,"One of my favorite games.It's not a long one, but I really likes the story.I love astronomy, but not really in the hyper-scientific way, so it was neat to get some knowledge about stars, but not too many.Sat for hours playing to get every archievement in this game.And I really love Shingoh... ;;"
