user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,320240,34352842,Posted: 19 August,all,Jackorfiction,"I had actually just come here to recommend this with how awesome the new updates are. Make no mistake, this is one of the best early access games I have played. It's really original, polished (more and more so as the developers have ironed out ""early accessy"" bugs), and the core gameplay loop is really engaging to me. You feel like a true outcast and fugitive, which isn't something I can get from a lot of other games.That said,this is not at all a $51 game in its current state.That might change with the full release of the story next year, and I hope it does, but make no mistake: this was done for political reasons to please the new publisher. The dev has drastically changed tone about things like price and DLC and rewritten their history a bit since the price hike (they now talk about how the story was originally ""more of an afterthought"", when earlier descriptions of the game were showing it off as a big divide between this and other roguelites). Things like quick slots have also been changed (we only get 2 now) to be more homogenous between PC and console, for a game that, in the beginning, was funded and tested by PC players. But the dev is trying to show the potential upsides of all of this, only talking about increased content, story focus, and sleeker design aesthetics.I'm just gonna say it: they 100% did this to put a positive spin on an otherwiseoverwhelmingly negativeprice hike and shifted focus to console release. I don't doubt the scope of the game has changed and that the quality may end up better, but I also don't doubt that there was internal conflict over Gearbox's pressure for them to increase the price and that this is their way of trying to save face and add as much positive as they can. The company behindAliens: Colonial Marineshas already shown us the shady practices they're willing to use to sell games, and I can only hope the dev is willing to fight for their artistic integrity with this one and still at least deliver on their original promises to Early Access testers and Kickstarter backers.TL;DRLove the developer, hate the publisher. If you got this before the price hike, congratulations on buying into one of the best early access experiences on Steam at a fair price. If not, I can't reccommend the game to you now. It's a survival sandbox with a couple dozen hours of gameplay in it to see and do most everything, and it has no story to speak of. Please don't support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publishing practices by buying this. Wait until the full release, and see what people say about the story. Hopefully that will add enough value that I can come back and rewrite these words."
,Not Recommended,320240,34314073,Posted: 17 August,all,Kiriko,"This game has a great concept, too bad they choose Gearbox to publish it and immediately double the price, and in some cases, like in the mexican store, it went up by 6 times the base price(260->1200). Disgusting practices from a disgusting publisher."
76561198005707523,Not Recommended,320240,34349436,Posted: 19 August,all,TheWildDane,"Gearbox shows yet again how disgusting they can be and this time its by buying an indie game still in early access and then charge AAA price for it despite 2/3 of the charracters are still locked and the game being no where near being finished. If you like this game, then help it by giving it negative reviews. Show these greedy fat cats that we wont stand for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,320240,34299215,Posted: 16 August,all,Dr Steinman,"It's fun but dear God it's not worth 60 bucks in its current state. If they want full retail price, come back when it's a full retail game. Till then, there's plenty of survival games you can spend money on."
,Not Recommended,320240,34334633,Posted: 18 August,all,Atlas (DesertedSand),"Great game for $30, terrible game for $60.I didn't even pay $60 and I feel cheated.EDIT: Still a terrible game for $60, although I am liking the changes since I last played. They shouldn't have raised the price till the game is completed. (Story still missing)"
,Recommended,320240,32408446,Posted: 14 June,all,The Hellmare,"We Happy Few is a game about sadness and how one must cope with it while everyone surrounding you is happy. They don't like downers, and will beat you to a pulp for acting as such!The overall game seems to focus around survival amongst not only the community but life in it's entirety. You lose your job to begin with and have to take shelter inside an old maintenance room inside the tunnels below the city. You constantly have to be on the lookout for everything. Even your clothes determines how people will react to you. If you show up in the slums wearing a fancy suit you can expect some sass from your fellow neighbors and maybe even a riot.Food and drink is necessary to survive in the game, aswell as sleep. Without a job and little coin left in your pockets you must often steal from the rich and poor so that you may give to yourself. Loot does NOT respawn! So one robbed house is a house robbed for good.The story starts with the player being ran out of town into the slums where all the 'downers' must reside just after the main character Aurthur loses his job for displaying a negitive mindset. He refuses to take his joy pill after reading a tragic news article which he couldn't just erase from his head. These pills are the staple of the town of Wellington Wells however, and they are maditory to take. You can take joy, enter the city ingame, explore and roam, but the actual plot has yet to be fully developed. Currently, there are only side jobs and a few main tasks that can be done.Would I recommend this game? Yes.  It's memorable and a very unique experience unlike any I have seen before. NPCs are more interactive and vocal that I have seen in most any other game I know of."
76561197992646415,Not Recommended,320240,34344951,Posted: 19 August,all,Strum,yeah not worth 60€
76561198041959254,Not Recommended,320240,24606570,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mr.Giggles,"Going to say what many people have already said; this game has a huge amount of potential. The world you inhabit is interesting; the lore is intriguing, the atmosphere is fantastic. The idea behind the game as a whole is great, with a ton of inspiration from 1984, the book by George Orwell﻿, which is just freaking awesome (seriously loved that book!).Thing is... the actual gameplay is SEVERELY lacking.  Combat, the meat of the game is stilted, boring, and completely without difficulty. It is entirely possible to club 3 policemen to death with a starting branch because of how braindead the AI currently is OR by abusing the fact that they are ""tethered"" to an area and walking out of this area will cause them to run all the way back, allowing you to get in a number of free hits and absolutely cheese them. And these are supposed to be really tough encounters (though they ARE somewhat threatening when you get back into Wellington Wells). Standard enemies- the other random townsfolk you come across- fare significantly worse, in that I have personally beaten 8 enemies at once with JUST my bare hands despite them all carrying some form of weapon. Ontop of this, the weapons you, the character, have access to just don't really seem to give a meaningful increase to your lethality. The starting branch gives you a slightly higher damage output, and a sharpened stick (an upgrade) is better only by a thin line. The next weapon, the double knocker is basically the exact same as the sharpened stick and costs far more resources to craft (WHAT!?). Until you get a cricket bat or a policeman's baton (yes, a cricket bat DOES do more damage than what basically amounts to be a sledgehammer ) your damage with a weapon just isn't good enough to bother with. There needs to be a significant overhaul to the combat system for it to be even remotely passible, as right now it is an absolute borefest.Unfortunately, the other elements of the game aren't any better. Stealth is hilariously awful, in that, again, there is zero challenge in being stealthy. You can often just crouch into an area, press E to pull up the items in a cabinet or on a table that you want to steal, wait for the AI to turn around, and then press E again to steal everything without anyone being the wiser. Hell, in some cases, when NPC's get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at you for being in their homes, you can just press E to talk to them. Arthur will randomly spout some nonsense about porcupines, and then all of a sudden the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfortunate enough to hear this will sadly bemoan the fact that they did not die in a bombing run, and then slowly shuffle away, probably because that is likely the most intelligent thing they've heard in years (seriously, the NPC voice lines are ridiculous. Hilarious, but ridiculous, AND repetitive). Boom. You just stealthed. Wtf? The only time stealth becomes a little challenging is when you get back into Wellington Wells, as there are alarms that trigger when you aren't on joy which will alert the townsfolk, though you run into quite a few polarity items that will fix this issue handily.The upgrade system also leaves a LOT to be desired, mostly because many of the choices are rendered useless in the face of the poor gameplay. Why bother trying to create more effective healing items when the starting healing balm only needs like 3-4 applications to top you off? You can go for a leisurely sprint around town and easily pick up 8-12 of the leaves needed and bam, you're good to go for awhile, mostly because it is actually a challenge to take severe damage in this game. Unless it's your first time playing and you get jumped by like 6 townsfolk because you didn't realize hitting one of them would cause seemingly the entire town to form a lynch mob, you are not going to be taking much damage from combat... So the upgrades are POINTLESS outside of suits to blend into specific areas (ie: tattered clothes in the downer areas and a snazzy one for inside Wellington).Let's talk about the survival mechanics real quick. I've heard that people are having issues with getting too hungry or thirsty and dying from them. Not really the case; you only need to raid a few homes before you have 5-6 canteens, at which point you can just refill them at pumps and have a constant flow of drinks. The real issue is hunger, but even then it's not super terrible because often you can just eat rotten food until you gain enough from homes. It's not optimal, but hear me out. If you're just beginning to become hungry, you can just eat rotten food because there are really only one of two possibilites when you consume them; you just eat them and replenish your hunger gauge no problemo, OR you get nauseous, which will still fill you up, but perioidically make your character slow to a crawl and cause a semi lens flare effect. When you're struggling early to get food, this is really a no-brainer, and if you have neximide pills - which are easily obtainable while raiding and fall off of townsfolk- all the better; you can just eat as much as you want and then use them to instantly cure yourself.  If anything, the survival mechanics are actually pretty decent and pretty balanced with respect to the game world, though I do find it a bit odd that your character doesn't have more significant problems with not getting rest, as from what I've seen, staying up multiple nights in a row only really affects your stamina. While this is certainly annoying, I feel that there should actually be more of a punishment attached to it to make it as pressing as thirst or hunger, and not something you can almost completely ignore for a long stretch of time.Quests or events are boring (outside of the magical Yam, that was awesome as hell) and really don't give much of an incentive to bother exploring for them, especially when you often get crappy rewards (A Neximide pill for a rotten potato!? You got yourself a deal!) when you are MUCH better off just dicking around/beating up locals/raiding homes, which will often yield fantastic amounts of items.Now again, this game HAS potential, and I sincerely hope that the next few patches will remedy this and allow me to return to We Happy Few's wacky world with gusto, but honestly this just isn't worth paying the 32 dollars for. I can respect that Complusion Games is using Early Access in an effort to gauge their audience and hopefully supply everything they want from the game, but at a 32 dollar price point, the cost of admission isn't worth testing what we have right now, especially when the games shortcomings are INCREDIBLY obvious.Really hope that the next few patches address some of these issues, but until then it's not worth the hassle, and players should seriously read some of these reviews before they buy into the E3 hype. This is a game that is unfinished and will require both a TON of feedback from the player base and, more importantly, TIME for it go anywhere. If you intend to buy this game just to play and not be constructive, look elsewhere. It's not worth the price of admission. Instead, wait for it to get better and buy it later, maybe during its beta."
,Not Recommended,320240,34312839,Posted: 17 August,all,WassySK,"Running in prosy forest 20% of playing time , it is lazy way how to make islands bigger and lenghten time to run trough them. I have playd game till the end few times and quests/encounters were always hiddem somewhere deep in the forest.Random generating of worlds is litteraly random, cabin that blocks my way to shop , road that leads to nowhere or as i mentioned encounters that are totally hidden away from civilization. Game get annoying and repetetive extremly fast."
,Recommended,320240,32054328,Posted: 29 May,all,Wicdon,"EDIT: everything I said in this is still true, but NOT for $50. That's ridiculous - for the full game, maybe, but for early access? Absolutely not. I love what this game has to offer so far, and look forward to the full release, but save your money.I will start off by saying I'm not sure if the early access version of this is worth $30, however there is almost no doubt in my mind that when this game is released in full, it will absolutely be worth that and more.It's rough around the edges right now - which makes sense since it's still a work in progress - but even with it's problems and short comings, this is a very intriguing and enjoyable game. It's very easy to sit down, intend to only play for half an hour or so, and then accidently spend 4 hours exploring and surviving. The setting is unique, both mesmerizing and creepy, as are the npcs. The side quests are really rough, many of them unfinished/unpolished, but those that work, work well. (The main quest or quests are not available yet, something I kind of appreciate - that way it doesn't spoil the story while they work on it.)As I said, I'm not sure about the price tag, I'd be more convinced if it were somewhere in the $15 dollar range; but I understand that the team working on this is dedicated, the updates are nonstop, and if they keep working as creatively and passionately as they are now, when this game is complete, it will be a masterpiece. So I still recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,320240,34520305,Posted: 26 August,all,Chompi,"I don't recommend anyone EVER pay this much for early access. Freaking ridiculous. I did not pay this new price but I would ask for a refund if I could. Just out of defiance. This is highway robbery. Finish the game, then raise the price...duh."
,Not Recommended,320240,34402357,Posted: 21 August,all,Alpha,Can't recommend while they are connected to gearbox and I'm sure as hell not getting a season pass. Would have never purchased if I would have known that was going to be a thing.
76561198052376528,Not Recommended,320240,34284567,Posted: 16 August,all,vital,nope not anywhere near polish enough for this price even the old price was kind of pricy its empty and repetitive
,Not Recommended,320240,34828346,Posted: 8 September,all,Gbillybob,Huge price increase just because Gearbox slapped its name on it
,Not Recommended,320240,34824539,Posted: 8 September,all,eulogy,"I like this game and would recommend it, but not for the price that it is at currently. Wait for it to go on sale to like $10."
76561198040593850,Not Recommended,320240,24543496,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Drem,"Do I like this game? Yes. But it is incredibly unpolished for a game that has been in pre-alpha for over a year. Be forewarned, the E3 trailer that may have wowed you is only the first 5 minutes of the game and that's it. Right now there is no story and the gameplay is very very basic.The meat of the current game, which is the combat, is very basic and actually quite boring. It's essentially, hit this person 4-5 times with a weapon or your fists and they'll die or be knocked out. There's a block feature and shove feature as well, but right now I see no reason as to use those as of yet. The combat is just not all that satisfying. Damage done seems low across the range of weapons I've seen so far and weapon variety is currently limited to either be big sticks, or throwables. The only advantage it seems to using weapons is that you; a. can kill the person, b. get a slightly extended range on the person so you don't get hit yourself.What makes it worse is that the ""Crafting System"" is incredibly primitative for game released in 2016. It's essentially ""find these seperate ingredients to make X,"" which all seem to be RNG based drops. To make this even worse, item durability is major problem right now. 4 swings of crafted club on an enemy, will cause the club to disintegrate in your hands. This system is constantly forcing you to craft, and recraft items in very short periods of time.Things like lock-picks have a 1 use durability, which is understandable, but a stick sharpened with a rock only has 4 uses? How? Why even bother making it then?The inventory system is also very clunky in its current state. This can and will lead to a major problem that you're bound to experience in you're own playthrough. Inventory is heavily limited as there is a finite number of objects you can carry. The inventory system is essentially the same as in games like Diablo. Weapons will take 2-3-6 slots of inventory while raw items will take 1-2 slots. You're given a stash as well, but you fill that up incredibly quickly and you are currently only given one tab, so you're often forced to dump any excess you think you can go without.You can also craft things like suits, medkits, bandages, healing balms to help keep you up when you do take damage. Healing balms are easy enough to make, just go find two really common herbs that are seemingly everywhere on the map. I've yet to need to use a medkit or antiseptic for myself, but have made them for a quest. Beforewarned though, in order to progress to the second area, you need to find 4 tough linens in order to make a suit. You are going to drive yourself MENTAL trying to find these, as they are heavily RNG based drops. They don't drop off the townspeople, so you have to invade homes and scour the entire map to find them. And even then you may just find 2/4 and be forced to restart the game in the hopes of better RNG.The worst thing going for this game right now is the gameplay, it just isn't fleshed out enough, even for an early access game. If you can look past that and get into the atmosphere, which is actually fairly interesting and absorbing, you'll have a better time. Again, the E3 trailer was more of glimmer of what this game could be, rather than what it actually is in its current state. I like many people, were attracted to an Orwellian Story with retro-futuristic, apocalyptic themes. Right now there isn't too much of that.Graphics wise, the game is beautiful and runs great on my system. I'm using a GTX 1070 and an i5-6600k, but your mileage may very if you have a lower end system. Colors are  both vibrant and dark, full in color, even when off Joy. The rolling fog at night is eerie, but somewhat beautiful in its own way. Character models are unique, and honeslty a bit silly looking, but I think that's a matter of personal taste. The colors and models really do wonders to help make the theme.I personally, am still going to be putting time into the game to see where it goes, but right now I cannot recommend it unless you are really into the theme and can go without the story and acceptable modern gameplay aspects that we've come to expect. I have no doubt that this will be a good game in time when its fleshed out more and given a good polishing.As a side note...I really wish Compulsion waited and put in more development before releasing it, even if this is early access. This is a single player game, and that experience can be much harder to craft compared to a multiplayer early access. Some early buyers may end up getting a bitter taste in their mouths after playing it initially, and this game may get buried in people's libraries as time goes on. Hopefully updates will be quick and plentiful, this is a concept and theme that I really hope to see succeed. They have a very strong foundation in the theme and setting as of now, but it currently needs more framing in other areas namely crafting and combat before this can become  a ""must buy"" type of early access release."
,Not Recommended,320240,34676692,Posted: 1 September,all,Glarp!,"I really liked the game and would have convinced a few friends to pick it up.However, Gearbox is pure garbage and now this game is dead to me, do not buy, move along."
76561198132910613,Recommended,320240,24605796,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tyathias,"My experience with We Happy FewI boot up game and when I click the ""New Game"" button I am asked if I want to put Perma-Death on. I decide that I'm not a wuss and decide to keep it on. After a cinematic that is the only part of the story so far, I spawn in a safe house that kind off teaches you how to play. I leave the safe house and continue to the rest of the game.My inventory gets full fast and I realise certain items take up certain spaces in your inventory. I find an Inventory Expander item and attempt to pick it up only to be prompted with ""You do not have enough room in your inventory for that"". I play Tetris with my inventory and throw out all the useless stuff like alcohol because getting drunk in a survival game is the last thing I want to do.I pick up an item that i have never seen before and I read the discription. It basically says if you get sick inject it and it cures you. I realise that this is going to be pretty useful and keep it. I am trying to get to the third town but you need to do an event in the second town first to cross the bridge. I decide not to go off the steep edge and attempt to swim it because I am unsure of what would happen if I jumped and Perma-Death is on.About half an hour later whilst rummaging through toxic waste I am prompted that I now have the plague. This is no big deal as I have the syringe so I finish rummaging and inject the syringe and I'm cured.Further in the game I have completed the event required to go the the 3rd city. On my way back some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decides hes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at me and wants to fight. I decide to fight him, after all he has is his fists and I have my crafted Double-Knocker. I pretty much kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him and am prompted with a familiar symbol and kind of start to worry. I know that I do not have another syringe to cure myself of this newly cotracted plague. I check my status to see what the effects do. I read the effects and it says ""Makes you tired..."" I feel relieved only to keep reading to which it says ""Until it kills you."" Panic sets in because I don't know how to get another syringe in time and I don't know how long it takes to kill me.I decide to research the plague and I find that I can apparently make one in crafting. I check my crafting window to see if I have the required ingredients to make one and I am missing the ingredient: Antiseptic, which I can also craft. I check how to make an antiseptic and I am missing another ingredient: Alcohol.At this point I don't know how much time is left untilthe plague kills me but what I do know is that I can find alcohol in the first city so I sprint back there and go on a murder rampage, raiding everyone's house for some goddamn alcohol. After about ten minutes and a lot of lost life I find alcohol and immediatley pull up the crafting menu to craft the syringe and when I click it, the recipe is still red, notifying me that I cannot craft it. When I check what I am missing, it reads: Alchemy Station.Not knowing what an Alchemy Station is, I resort to my best friend Google. Google tells me that you can find one in pretty much every safehouse except the first. I couldn't find a safehouse in the second city, so I sprint to the third.I enter the third city and put on my Proper Suit and take a Joy pill, for this is a city where everyone is crazed on Joy. Thinking to blend in I walk normally and approach a constable to say hello, to blend in.Well apparently I was still missing something (That or a glitch in the game) and this police officer decides he's going to stick his baton in my chest. I take off sprinting only to have more constables aggro on me. After I get halfway through the city, I hear ""Why are you in such a hurry"" and turn around. No one is chasing me anymore and everything is great. I still sprint through to search for the safehouse.I've searched the entire city at this point and no safehouse can be found I go to the exit the city to go to the next one, still searching. Of course the next city is also...♥♥♥♥ING LOCKED BY AN UNCOMPLETED EVENTMy screen turns a gray colour and I know this is the Game's way of telling me ""You should take that magic syringe to make you feel all better"". I of course do not have the magic syringe and have lost all hope.Knowing I'm about to die I decide ""♥♥♥♥ it. Lets go find out what happens when you jump off the cliff. I jump off the cliff and am instantly greeted by the death screen.10/10 I am ready to go have another adventure by clicking the button ""New Game"""
,Not Recommended,320240,34941575,Posted: 13 September,all,Moshinghook,"Bought this game when it first came out. Nothing but a square grided map. Boy has this game grown. Now im seeing it is 60 bucks? it was worth the 20 bucks i spent, Is not worth 60. Give it time to grow into the GEM I believe it will become.Basing this Neg Review on the price for the game in its current state.Still a very fun game. Just seems fishy so much already."
76561198036009284,Recommended,320240,28131646,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,War,"Alright so this is mostly for the developers rather than people looking to buy this game.I see a lot of potential in this game. The environment is very interesting. I would want to see a bit of different movement and combat mechanics. The food/drink/sleep mechanics are something new. Also great job on keeping food and drink separate from the health system. 10/10 for that. Despite being in early access, you guys have some solid textures already. However, there are some changes that I would like to suggest:-Slow down the day/night cycle change rate and the rate at which you need to eat sleep drink etc. 1-2 hours per day would be really good. Also slow down the normal walk speed. It forces us to look around and get a sense of the environment rather than just shoot and run around in a frenzy.-I love games that make the night time as realistic as possible. Look for inspiration from FC Primal and Dying Light: They nailed the night times. Make it dark and hard to play. I understand that this game cannot be compared to the ones I mentioned before. Thats why I used the word inspiration. Need some darker nights in games.-Hopefully there will be a better (quicker and efficient) way to manage all the objectives/quests, status, inventory and the rest of the stuff that shows up when you press tab.-I like to play games with most/all of the HUD elements turned off. But it would be useful to have like a wrist watch that I can check for the time and a device/paper with a drawn map of the area.I will be constantly updating my review. I love this game. I see it coming out as one of the best games (Bioshock, Last of Us, Witcher 3) I have played."
,Not Recommended,320240,25237196,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PastaPillows,"In my time with We Happy Few, it made me disappointed, to be quite frank. Reason being, I was really hoping for a type of stealth experience, similar to the likes of Dishonored, or maybe a crazed, linear storyline like Bioshock. Couldn't say why I was expecting that; perhaps it was the trailers that got me excited.In any case, We Happy Few is unfortunately another survival game with gimmicks tacked onto it. I realize that this game is in Early Access (and in an Alpha to boot) so of course content is short and direction is unclear. That said, however, We Happy Few focuses too much on the survival aspect of things and less on the brilliant atmosphere it has set up. If these two aspects were flip flopped and the game focused more on the idea of a psychotic utopia hyped up on drugs and less on the fact that your in-game character is starving or is thirsty, then this game would be wonderful.I'm definitely keeping my eye on this game, but as of right now, it's just not fun. I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this game turns around for the better."
76561198048567429,Recommended,320240,30480993,Posted: 12 March,all,Marco393,"If Stanley Kubrick and George Orwell had a kid, and the kid was exposed to A Clockwork Orange and Doctor Who for its first 10 years of its life, this would be it."
76561198163323564,Not Recommended,320240,34533413,Posted: 27 August,all,Ghostly,I bought this game earlier when it was a reasonable price (something like 21 pounds) but recently I had a look at the game and saw that it was 38 POUNDS!!! This isn't a bad game it just has an unreasonable price.
,Recommended,320240,28301479,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SafeSpaceDestroyer,"The current top review for this game is a negative one, from a user who claims he's gone through the game 5 times in about 20 hours.I don't know this user, but I can tell you he doesn't know jack about♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is great, it's still in development clearly so of course it's not yet some AAA definitive experience. but is it worth the money? YesAre the developers worth supporting? YesIs the game perfect? No, but it's getting there.It really gets to me when developers like these, who are amongst the most dedicated. responsive, and hardworking team I've seen on Steam in years have the game they're working so hard on get a top review as negative, after all the hard work that's been done so far. It really puts off the community to see that, and pushes people away from buying.From someone who ""Completed the game 5 times in 20 hours."" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the kid doesn't know what he's talking about and literally anyone who has played the game, and taken the time to finish all the available quests and appreciate the games world and atmosphere will know that that's a lie. If you don't take the time to appreciate a game, and you power through it like it's a mario level then you're not fit to write a review, especially a negative one.This game might not be perfect but it's alot better than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t top review shows on the store page. Compulsion is doing an AWESOME job, and when this title is finished it will be one to remember. You shouldn't have any second thoughts, buy it, and play it. Support the devs and help make this game one for the books.EDIT:: The top review is a positive one now, which is awesome. Just so everyone's aware I don't disapprove of negative reviews or the legitimate issues they sometimes touch upon, my irritation was with that one particular review and mostly because it made it to the top, being entirely unfactual and infatuous, at the very least misleading, bias, and not reflective of the teams hardwork, and state of the game."
76561198069786111,Recommended,320240,24683448,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Galactic Space Jesus,"Before getting into the details. You must be warned that having the right expectation for the game is necessary.Most reviewers who give it a thumb down likely to misunderstood the game entirely, by seeing the trailer at E3.This is not Bioshock. It is not a shooter. And it is an indie project.Hence ,you will not get the world as compelling as Rapture or Columbia.For those who have been following the development of We Happy Few to this point, I assume that means you accept it as it is. Fear not, it is what you've been expecting, no more, no less. For those who did not, you're welcome to read the reviews.We Happy Few is a rogue-like, survival game, set in a dystopian world where England lost World War 2. People had been drowning in sorrow, and so, they invented the anti-melancholy pill called 'Joy' which can suppress any negative thought, and basically create delusion of a better world. Those who refuse to take the pill are known as Downer. And you can guess how it goes... You are a Downer.At this point, the game has nothing to offer but survival, day-night cycle simulator. However, there are some interesting quests you can do. By going out, and gathering everything you need, you'll learn more about the world as you progress.There 3 different sorts of quest.- Story (Still in development, and not included at this point)- Main Encounter- Secondary questMain Encounter usually are quests that lead you to new areas of the game, to discover more lore, and new environent. You'll start in a district full of Downer, and ruined houses. Next district will always has something more than the previous one, such as Plagued People and diffeent ingredient, so do not fear to move on, since the ingredient in your area will be scarce after couple of days of gathering and stealing. Eventually, you'll arrive at a district of Happy Few which will require you to put the right suit on, so that it does not irritates them.Secondary Quests relate to special landmark/place that are not just random ruined building, like Bee Hive, Doll House, Mansion, Tree House and so on. Even though these landmarks are fun to discover, unfortunately, the quests themselves mostly are just 'Find this and Craft that' kind of thing. However, some encounter is proved to be quite remarkable. There is a quest that you need to sneak into a mansion to steal something, but the mansion will be visible only at night time, and only when you're VERY, VERY HAPPY.Above all, keep in mind that this is a survival game. Like The Flame in The Flood, Don't Starve, The Lonเ Dark, and so on. Drinking, eating, crafting will be crucial. However, I do not find it too hard to keep up while progressing the game, because the quests themselves offer you a helpful recipe to help you survive, and somtimes, reward you with ingredients. If you're into this kind of game, you'll have no problem with it, and get it fast.BUGS! yes, of course, there're lots waited to be fixed such as...- A digging spot you're supposed to be able to dig, suddenly doesn't allow you to do so.- Subtitles sometimes disappear.- An encounter with important character is interrupted by some random dialogue from the street, causing you to miss the detail of the quest.- When you die, you'll be offer a second chance (if the option is turned on) where you're in critical state. But sometimes, dying in a fight spawns you right back in the middle of the fight, and enemy will kill you right away once again. Sometimes it spawns you outside the fight though.Finally, I'd like yo talk about the price. I've heard that the price in US dollars is 30 bucks. (In my region (Thai), it is only around 20) At this point, I do not consider this to be 30 buck worth game. Only buy this in Alpha state with your feeling to support the developer. The game is NOT finished and I can not say it'll be worth the price in the end or not. But everyone here wish to take a leap of faith. So don't buy it, at this point, if you don't want to help improving the project. (I do think it's worth 20 bucks though)"
,Recommended,320240,24537163,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ManxToTheMaximum,"> Went out to the local shop to get some Teabags and Crumpets> Shopkeeper stares at me questionably> Shopkeeper offers me some pills> Refuse the pills> Get attacked by the shopkeeper and the entire local populace> Grab a piece of pipe and kill half the town> Pick up my Teabags / Crumpets and go home> See We Happy Few is finanly on sale.> Going to try out this game now.Edit - Given how this review got very popular i figured i may aswel use it to actually voice my opinion, And, Take this from someone who has been waiting for this game for a very long time (Like, Atleast a year ive been interested in this), Now, I want to start by saying i have every hope and belief that this game will get good, Infact, It has great potential, but as for right now, You're really getting much.When i loaded it, The intro seemed great, It was interesting, I thought omg, This game is going to be epic, Then i got released into the town and was literally stuck on a little ruined town which i couldnt escape from, All of the bridges to leave said town i had to do tedious things to pass with absolutely no hints or clues how to get there, For example, One bridge i had to find out who won simon says ?... What?... The other bridge i had to bring the bridge keep honey... Again.. Where do i get that!?So, I aimlessly wondered round the boring empty ruins of a town until eventually i just got bored and played something else, So, to sum it up.- Does this game have potential ? Absolutely yes, I think it will be great.- Does this game at current lack content ? Yes... I mean, Its early alpha so what do you expect?- Is this game worth it ? At £22. (Whatever that is in your currency), Honestly, No, I dont think so. Youre paying a full game price for what is essentially as this stage a concept demo at best....If you buy this youre literally gonna get a fun little time waster with the hope of it turning into an actual game one day, I like the concept so im going to stick with it and keep playing, but, I realise not everyone has that patience, And if you want a full game right here right now We Happy Few in its current stage isnt going to offer that.Like i said, If you buy now, Youre basically paying into a Concept Demo. I knew this beforehand, But bought it anyway because i wanted to support this game and help it grow, I love the idea behind it and hope it does well, If you feel the same, Sure, Purchase it, but.. Yeah, Youre going to be getting a very unfinished and unpolished game."
76561198041188726,Not Recommended,320240,24551163,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,WestHybrid,"It's really painful to say that my experience wasn't too great with We Happy Few. I had really high hopes for it, and still do, but at the moment I'm requesting my refund and here are a few reasons why.The game simply isn't ready at the moment. It's got pros and cons but the entire thing seems barebones.Pros:-Beautiful design.-Concept is unique, dystopian setting is done right.-Developers seem committed to releasing a larger story and development plan, adding features, etc.-Atmosphere definitely feels like Bioshock, which is a perk.-Amazing ""Sneak-Up-Right-Behind-Everyone-And-Knock-Them-Out"" SimulatorCons:-The survival aspect of the game seems unbalanced, and you'll find yourself dying of thirst or lack of sleep more often than you'll be playing the game.-Generated maps are massive but repetitive. Quickly found two identical building complexes with downers standing over a fire in a corner with a cricket bat in the same place. Maps are also large and mildly difficult to read/tell where you're going.-NPC's are going to shout the same things over and over at you. Better get used to hearing ""I don't believe I've had the pleasure."" a thousand times in the same instance. Even your own dialogue seems redundant.-Scavenging and crafting is nothing innovative and feels like a hassle. Can barely find what you need half the time.I still have high hopes for We Happy Few, and I'll gladly pay for the full release, but in it's Alpha, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198051754145,Not Recommended,320240,24655585,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,saintjah,The survival meters are seriously killing any fun in this game.  Seems any food you find is poisoned and all you need to do is walk a city block and the meters are already empty.  Seems more like a walking simulator.. I understand its still in alpha but the numbers on the survival meter are already killing the game.
76561198036587242,Not Recommended,320240,34900249,Posted: 12 September,all,Shadowkillsu,"I'll just say what literally everyone is thinking. It was ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to up the price of this game before it even released.Not gonna buy it anymore, good job"
76561198154314860,Not Recommended,320240,35008762,Posted: 16 September,all,Patrick Star,"Not worth 51 USD. Got it at lower, still not worth it quite frankly. I was hoping more houses would be available to raid, rather than two measily houses an island. That is RIDICULOUS. I got this game expecting to be stealthy and raid people's houses, not walk the streets killing people for things."
,Not Recommended,320240,24579695,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,PrUdO,"I love the concept and the atmosphere, but the gameplay is so repetitive and annoying because you have to sleep, eat, and drink all the time and the quests are usually stupid. The people on the streets always same the same crap to you and it just got boring fast. The start was cool that right after that, it launched you in with no instuction and forced you to figure out what the heck you had to do. This seems like a good idea, but it just isn't worth it yet."
,Not Recommended,320240,35162920,Posted: 23 September,all,evanr115,Don't buy this game until they lower the price.Its a good game for now but the DEVS sold out so hold your breath.
76561198086310133,Not Recommended,320240,34401043,Posted: 21 August,all,GreatJobMasterKush,Oh suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥gearbox
,Recommended,320240,25937037,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jerry,"I'm not going to kid you, so far, this game is great.Alot of people seem to be bashing this game for having a lot of bugs, glitches, and general problems. Most of them fail to notice that it says ""Early Access"" next to the price tag. I can understand that for some people 30$ for an early access game might seem a little much, but your not really paying for the game itself per se. The reason I got this game was because I have a lot of faith in the developers. They engage with the community, are plentiful with they're updates, and read negative reviews to see what they need to change. I guess what I'm saying is that people should compare Compulsion to other game developers who have gotten so bloated with their money and ego that they don't care about putting quality into whatever their trying to make (i;e Call of Duty).Already the game shows alot of promise. I love the fact that each island has its own thing to it. In the Garden District everything is batshit awful, and you have to live among a lot of crazy people, same for apple home, except you have to deal with the plague, plus the area seems to be much more, shall I say, 'Fruitful' than others. The villiage has the joy popping, downer-beating madmen that roam the streets.Compulsion seems dedicated to what their doing. If you look at they're latest update, you see that they are making new models, new islands(yay), and a conversation mode. Never has a game development company been so dedicated to their workSome people get frustrated that the game can be buggy and glitchy some times, so they go rant and leave a negative review. They don't understand that the game is in its child stage. They don't get that we, the community need to mold this game into the perfect game. Give feedback, share ideas. If all we do is diss it and whine about everything, then this game will whittle into another generic title.Already the game shows intense promise,so please give it a chance."
,Not Recommended,320240,35171666,Posted: 23 September,all,Mineman214,dont buy the game until they lower the price or finish the game guys.
,Not Recommended,320240,24633082,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Plucky Brit,"Early access review.This game has potential but it's a way off from realising that.Asthetics style is interesting, and has a certain charm about it as does the voice acting and sound effects but at this point in time you should only pick it up if you're happy to own a barebones survival game, and not a very interesting one. There are about 5 different NPC's which are copy pasted and dialogue which makes no contexual sense.It's Alpha stage stuff apparently so hopefully these issues are par for the course, I don't think releasing a relatively hyped game into early access on Steam however was a good move. Many still consider early access to simply be a head start and this could damage We Happy Few's eventual success.I will keep an eye on the game but right now, it's not worth the money."
76561197970616511,Not Recommended,320240,24544430,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"This game is not what it seems. The start of the game is great. Feels like a adventure game with good animation and story and such, but in reality this game is like a random chessboard map where every square is a set thing that is randomly placed. You walk around DayZ style and try to find random stuff via a few quests that in turn enables you to craft what you need to continue. While its not a bad game if that is what you are lookinging for. Be forwarned that this isnt some Bioshock like experience.Maybe the experience will improve in the future, but currently I think the game is bit too basic and the PR doesnt really reflect the game. So currently I cant really recommend it to people unless you have watched actual gameplay session and thinks is your thing."
,Not Recommended,320240,24571723,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Doombox,"This is an early access game, so it can be forgiven for the various bugs I encountered and some of the wonky interractions I had. However what I can't forgive is the sheer lack of anything interesting or innovative beyond the superficial. It's just another generic early access survival game with a mechanic tacked on that honestly doesn't add anything.The maps are small and bland, the combat is uninventive, the crafting system is generic and the only possibly interesting mechanic is ludicrously undercooked to the point that if it were removed from the game you'd struggle to notice.Unfortunately I can't recommend this game which really is a shame because I wanted to like it, but there's simply nothing here to seperate it from the hundreds of existing survival games.Edit: I thought I should clarify a few things, my review is a little short after all.To everyone squabbling over what is mysubjective opinion, I did not factor in the story because it is currently non-existent. The addition of a story in the future to a randomly generated game will leave a lot to be desired just by the nature of this kind of game.The gameplay is unbearably stale, it took me an hour to get completely bored with mashing M1 and stopping every 2 minutes to satisfy a ludicrously demanding, unrewarding and generic needs system. I pushed my way through to the second hour in the hopes that the game might open up a little bit, but once I reached the next island I realised there really was nothing else.I really did want to like this game, when I saw it at E3 the story looked intriguing and well thought out, the prologue section was interesting, detailed and really got me into the game, but the second you get into actual gameplay all that fades away.I wish they'd have made a walking simulator in this universe with nothing more than 7-8 hours of the stuff they had in the prologue, because it would've been infinitely more interesting and engaging."
,Not Recommended,320240,24643989,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mayroserr,"The only reason I returned this game is the survival bars. Damn those meters. You just step outside and search for the quest loot than BOOM! You gotta sleep or you are really hungry! Dude, I eat generally 2 times per day but in-game the character consumes the goods like crazy. So dumb. The survival thing's ruining the game, the gameplay is really weak. Please, do something about it and I'll buy it again. Really promising and great game. Especially love the scenario. Almost the same as 1984 by George Orwell. I really want to play this game but the game doesn't let me play!"
76561197974007074,Recommended,320240,29594015,Posted: 30 January,all,"Akimbo Jesus, Radical Mormon","I would read one of the other reviews if you want something more comprehensive.  I just want to say, they have updated the ever living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.  It has changed so much in the 6 months since I got it.  Everything is streamlined, bugs are fixed, and quests have more narrative dialogue now.  For instance, a quest where there is a random guy running down the street, where your mission is to basically beat him until he stops for absolutely no reason, is now a quest of a childhood friend manically running down the street.  You stop him, and he recognizes you.  You have an actual dialogue.  These kinds of changes give me a lot of confidence in this developer.Probably most importantly, dialogue is now an actual ""cutscene,"" where you can't be hurt.  You used to have to stand around and listen to people, hoping a Bobby doesn't see you.  This could lead to a lot of weird moments where quest conditions get bugged."
,Recommended,320240,25581912,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,stoofnie,"I've only gotten my first couple of hours into the gameplay but already I'm hooked.PROS:The idea is very original, the story instantly transports you into the world.The English culture references are kinda hilarious...someone shouted ""Shepherds pie!"" in my face which is standard practice here in the UK.It is a BEAUTIFUL looking game. Unique style and unforgettable character design.It was a lot of fun once I figured out a system for not starving.Controls are quick to grasp.UI design is lovely.Side quests are great fun, kooky, dark and reminiscent of early Bioshock.Awesomely gripping opening scene and subtle exposition that hints towards some excellent writing in their team. Can't wait to follow the story along further.Really nice set design that rewards the player for taking time to look around and take it in.CONS:I wasn't expecting it to be so reliant on a drink/eat/sleep survival mechanic. I don't hate this, but it currently feels like the balance is slightly off.I find the need to sleep and drink water so regularly is taking me away from the fun of exploring the world.It's still early days for me (and is still in Early Access) so I'm yet to see how the game unfolds. I'm hoping for different challenges going forward because I don't know how long I will find looking for water and juggling inventory spaces fun, but the story and design are strong enough to keep me compelled for now."
,Not Recommended,320240,34448761,Posted: 23 August,all,ĉielarko,"i love this game, bought months ago in really early access and want it to succeed, but it is not worth the price right now and you're better off spending your money elsewhere. if these people keep the price in its current state, i'd wait for a sale to come up for the game."
,Not Recommended,320240,34400623,Posted: 21 August,all,Prof. Borkensnoot,"Incredibly disappointed Compulsion have taken a wonderfully promising game and flushed it down the toilet by choosing the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥eating company and hiked the price, added crappy game-less collectors editions and a SEASON PASS!?Vote with your wallet, don't incentivise this sort of behavior."
,Recommended,320240,25316354,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Audio5urf,"10/10 I should've just taken the 'Joy'Let me give you a run down of the first two hours:The intro is a colorful 1984 nightmare.I had to chase a guy who was on speed.I had to take drugs to chase a ghost.I had to take even more drugs to find a special cloth in a magical house.I almost died to get honey to cross a bridge.Occasional food poisoning.Apologizing while smothering someone with a pillow.Got chased by townies for poking a dude with a sharp stick who was throwing rocks at me.This game is dark, weird, and hilarious."
,Recommended,320240,24711837,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NeoGenesisAD,"I had survived for 5 days, and then caught the plague trying to help another citizen. Couldn't manage to craft a cure and scrambled around for 2 days before it really started to take it's toll. I started to go deaf, I could see lips moving but barely hearing words. Then it got really bad, I was totally deaf and my vision was blurry. The only sound I could hear was my heart beating and I was running frantically in and out of houses looking for something, something. An old woman turned to tell me about lilies but I before I could figure out the rest my eyes closed one last time.10/10 would struggle again."
76561198126724897,Recommended,320240,26403976,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SithCyn,"This game is incredibly addictive!  Everything about the game is clever and inspired.  This dystopian universe is both subversive and funny.   At the same time there is a poignancy to the residents inhabiting the game.  I love it and want more.  This isn't a finished game.  But what has been released so far holds great promise.  Can not wait for the finished product.  A few quests can be too easily broken. But I trust the  gang at We Happy Few/Compulsion Games  have taken their Joy and are work work working out the kinks.  After all, broken quests are a downer, and nobody likes a downer do they?"
,Recommended,320240,30579421,Posted: 17 March,all,Buried,"Pros and Cons of Early Access GameplayPros:- Interesting sidequests- Stealth mechanics- Advanced crafting- Looting- Complex items- Interesting plotCons:- Various AI glitches- Various texture/rendering glitches- Lack of variety with weapons- Lack of challenge involving combat- Quick to finish- Low replayability- Repetative Voice ActingTo start, I understand that the game is not complete. For an incomplete version, ""We Happy Few"" offers a unique survival experience with interesting sidequests along your way to escape. There are many mechanics of the game you have at your disposal, such as looting and crafting, so the experience playing is certainly not linear. It is easy to learn and will quickly pull you in.In eight hours however, I had already finished the game and all sidequests availiable, without dying or recieving second wind. Once you learn the mechanics, the game tends to be a breeze. Combat becomes easy, and enemy AI have almost no chance of killing the player, and if you do become injured you can simply outrun the threat. Status issues seem alarming at first but are countered almost too easily, at only an hour in. Even with the regeneration of the environment, the game ultimately has low replayability as you can achieve 100% completion quite easily.Ontop of the base game, there exists many glitches, or inconsistencies. Voice acting is well done in the game, until you realize most npcs use the exact same lines. Ontop of this, npc textures are nearly identical, leaving out variety. AI can be easily outran, as their seeking script is quite weak, and can be stopped in groups by a measly door frame."
,Not Recommended,320240,24600637,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GNARcandy,"Even though I knew I was buying into an alpha, I really couldn't help but be a little disappointed.Originally I loved the thought and premise of the game, but my experience of actually playing and what I thought it would be really couldn't have been more different.I'm not a survival game player typically, but I've been gaming most of my life so I thought I'd be able to figure it out.However, after a total of 3 1/2 hours played I only managed to complete 2 quests fully. There seems to be a lot of useless rubble and unenterable buildings which clutter things and make it confusing when you're learning. And I felt a severe lack of intuitiveness that left me completely disoriented and lost and unsure of what exactly I was supposed to be doing. Also, within the first 10-15 minutes of storyline my game crashed around the same part 3 times, causing me to lose and have to replay through the same section. (annoying, but at least that part is explained in being an alpha).That, along with your sleep/hunger/thirst bars running out unusually fast and the NPC's in the street constantly bombarding you with one of three or four lines of script - just made for a very confusing and frustrating experience.At this time I don't at all reccomend purchase of the game until it's worked out a little bit more of the issues people seem to be having. This game could very well turn into something great, with a awesome story, and beautiful art.. but for now, it's too early to say where the game will end up. (aside from the issues I had, I really did enjoy the graphic work, art, and look/feel of the game).I will revisit this game come beta or full release and see how I feel then, but for right now these are my thoughts."
,Recommended,320240,24980182,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MeowtinDew,Pros:- Uncle Jack- Joy- Wellies- Wellington Wells- BobbiesCons:- Downers
76561198042480955,Recommended,320240,25565951,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DannyKanes,"I love it, but I can't love it enough at this current moment. Yes, there has been some huge patches to fix certain issues, but it's still really pre-alpha. I'll continue to play it as I'm a sucker for this noir, 60's retro-futuristic, acid trip of a game. Gorgeous graphics and a story line I can't get enough of, 10/10 recommend if you don't mind alpha games. If alpha and bugs and crashes are not your thing? Then I'd be a Downer and avoid for the time being until it's fully released.And remember: ""If Life Annoys, Top Up Your Joy!"""
76561198086825228,Not Recommended,320240,35210678,Posted: 25 September,all,shahamaster,"Not worth it at current price. I got it for 20$, don't be suckers."
,Not Recommended,320240,34397767,Posted: 21 August,all,Dr.Larry,"Gearbox. Season Pass. Price hike to €51. Another year of development.What was the point of going through kickstarter and Early Access if these guys were going to get a publisher and jack up the prices anyway then have the balls to announce a season pass before the game is anywhere near complete?The gaming industry these days; Really, I'm let down by it. This is some seriously messed up ethics and it's becoming a norm for developers and publishers to do shady stuff like this.Woeful."
,Not Recommended,320240,24577910,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Miss Stormkast,"50,99€ for a game stuck in early access? Dear devs, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,320240,34401106,Posted: 21 August,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"A kickstarted game from an independent studio that litteraly sided with one of the worst publishers and become a stereotype of all that is wrong with the AAA game industry (hicked price,preordering bonuses,season passes etc)."
,Not Recommended,320240,34397038,Posted: 21 August,all,Themis,"I bought this game in early access at the very start, and made a choice after playing to wait until the game was finished and done before going too much into it. Now I hear gearbox is publishing it and all of the crap publishers usually do has come in full force. Season pass, price hike, collectors edition... Great."
76561198144774788,Recommended,320240,24544514,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Shanghai Boone,"Really enjoying this. Has a great amount of content compared to its previous pax alpha build. However 23 pounds (or 30 dollars) is a bit sharp I would say. But if you can spare the cash and like me are looking for something fresh compared to the other zombie survival clones that come out on a daily basis then this may be for you. It is oozing with style and atmosphere and for what content is there, it is well thought out and constructed."
76561198135662070,Recommended,320240,31310826,Posted: 22 April,all,Spider17Monkey,"As a lover of Orwell and Pink Floyd's ""The Wall"" as well as everything dystopian and ""Big-Brother,"" I had pretty high expectations for this peculiar -looking game, ""We Happy Few."" Allow me to explain you a thing: This game is $29.99. I would have paid double that in a heartbeat if I'd known what I was getting. This game is so worth your time and your dime. The art is beautiful, the story keeps you on edge, the soundtrack is beyond perfect, and each update just gets better and better. There was one minor bug in a side quest, but the game is still in early access and I'm sure the outstanding development team will fix that within the next couple of updates. That being said, I have one major problem with this otherwise quite flawless game: It's still in early access. It leaves me wanting more. It tries my patience like you wouldn't believe between updates, but I watch their news feed like a hawk. I give it 6 out of 5 possible stars."
76561197964901137,Recommended,320240,30302442,Posted: 3 March,all,Urborn2die,started gameGot outsideCrazy women starts screaming at me about her cat or somethingSmack crazy lady with lead pipe killing herrun in housecrazy guy starts screaming about this not being a bed and breakfastkill crazy man4 other crazy people attack merun upstairs and onto ledge4 people run out of holeafter me  and i push them off ledge8 more people run up and are shoved out the hole to thier deaths10/10 would defenstrate an entire neghborhood again
,Not Recommended,320240,34673434,Posted: 1 September,all,Malvictus,"I bought this game back in early access since the game showed a lot of promise, with an original storyline and world setting.Of course being early access it was full of bugs, only one of the mentioned 3 characters was available to play and of course the story has yet to be added. So all that's basically here right now is a sandbox survival game in which you run around aimlessly stealing items from people to keep yourself alive while randomly wandering around the various zones in the game and fighting with NPC's. There are quests but most just involve doing something to gain access to one of the various areas in game.Fast forward some time later and it's still in pretty much the same state as it was when i bought it, except this game has somehow transitioned from a crowdfunded indie game into a AAA game under the publisher Gearbox with a massive jump in price. They claimed the price would rise close to release (game won't release until April 2018) and now they're adding all the bells and whistles with the usual AAA fanfare such as DLC and a season pass before the game is even close to it's release date.They're pretty much just running damage control in their comment section by forcing people with complaints to post in a ""Gearbox concern thread"" so it doesn't look like there's as much uproar about their recent decisions. I really regret purchasing this game as these devs are just like most these days, they see the $$ waved in front of them and they sell out on the spot, really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,320240,34400495,Posted: 21 August,all,Nexus,"If I knew gearbox was going to end up publising this I would have never brought it, also it's another bad survival game with a cool theme"
,Not Recommended,320240,34447525,Posted: 23 August,all,that's what she said,"Don't get me wrong, the game is pretty good and devs love their title. But at current state it doesn't worth it's price.It was all smooth sailing until devs decided to increase the price 4 times, delay the game to april 2018 and announcing season pass. All with 'it'd be AAA quality release, we promise!'. And it's not really an Early Access game anymore since the game has big publisher, and thus financial support, and can have professional Q&A. Yet they take your money because apparently they need money. So you'll get a demo version and a promise of delivering next year all at the 'small' price of any other call of duty.And since the game is very far from completion (by full priced title merit), would you really blindly believe folks who blame steam's review system and their own customers?As developer said 'that's why we can't have nice things'.It's PR disaster, they should stop selling it all together and open up pre-orders in month or two before full release."
76561198079350603,Not Recommended,320240,24551653,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,[HG] Snowyamur,"We Happy Few is an Indie, Survival, Adventure-ish game developed and published by Compulsion Games, where you are placed in a creepy, dystopian, 60's English setting, trying to survive the horrors of the game's drug-filled world. As a player, you are placed in the shoes of a Downer, the ""poor people"" of the game's hiearchy system, where you, like all other Downers, are considered the ""filth"" of the Wellies, basically the ""wealthy,"" aristocratic, and drug-addicted freaks. Throughout the game, your goal is to collect various materials, from metal scraps to empty syringes, craft useful items out of them, and use them to aid your survival and combat abilities.To start off, I had severe hype for this game, in fact, the hype train I boarded came from the first time I played Compulsion Games' puzzle video game Contrast. That game was great, it was beautiful, and although the puzzles were too easy, it was memorable. In conjunction, We Happy Few presents a similar blueprint: beautiful, rich, interesting concept, and best of all, it is like Bioshock's cousin. I'm not kidding. Despite all this, what interested me most about this game was the fact that it was a ""drug-fueled"" game. Like Bioshock and its Adam, this is We Happy Few and Joy.Anyways, basically, that's what created excitement because I've never before seen a video game like the Bioshock series, until this interesting piece came along. However, even though the game is beautiful, after about 4 hours of straight, non-stop playing of this game, I lost the hype and was dissatisfied.First off, the maps. The starting area for the game is literally a grid, where you're placed in the Downer Society of the game. While that's dull, another thing that was sad was how many of the locations on the map were repeated formulas. An example of this would be if I entered a ruined house with a bed, toilet, and pointy stick weapon, another ruined house somewhere else would have the same objects in the same position and lookEXACTLY THE SAME.That isn't creative and the beauty of the game starts dying from that.Not only that, considering how huge the map is, you'll basically be spending all your time clicking the M button to bring up the map, and closing the map just to find out where you are. Where's the HUD? I know it's a survival game, but the fact there's a map in the game a player can use should equate to having a HUD to better navigate and not get lost. Reflecting off this, survival horrors like The Forest and Subnautica don't have HUDs, but that's fine because you don't have maps, and you have to place markers or beacons instead to navigate, which was executed perfectly.Another problem in this game are the objectives.OH MY GOSH, WHOSE IDEA WAS THIS???I'm not saying they are bad in creativity, in fact, the Devs put a lot of thought into them, when you read their descriptions. However, there are markers on the map for these objectives, and yet they aren't exactly accurate or pertaining to where a certain object is. There will be this one point where you have to find a power cell to enter freaking Wellington Wells, and you can't find it. You just can't. I spent 2.5 hours trying to search for a damn, filled power cell, and I couldn't find one. I mean, come on, you Devs made a survival gameWITH A MAP, and yet no HUD to accompany it? Why? Not only will players be frustrated with this, but it will immediately make you quit after the first hour of searching. Coudln't you guys at least pinpoint on your map where one can find a filled cell, did you have to make it turn into a cryptic labryinth and scavenger hunt?In continuation, the requirements to stay alive are annoying as hell. For some reason, you will be more busy searching for food and water and less on enjoying and playing this video game. Why? I don't know. Your weak-as-hell Downer will immediately suffer from thirst after about 10 minutes for some reason, and he will suffer from exhaustion after 6-7 minutes. What better way to irritate someone than make survival requirements harrass the s**t out of you as you're trying to find stuff in-game, but you're doing more scavenging for food than scavenging for gear. And the worse part of all is that you can sleep up to a max of 24 hours a day, and when you do, youSTILLget tired after 6-7 minutes. Are you kidding me right now? WHO GETS TIRED AFTER 24 HOURS OF STRAIGHT SLEEP?!?Lastly, the dialogue. Holy smokes, guys, if you purchase this game, be prepared to tolerate excessive quotes with the same British accent, both from the Wellies and Downers of the game, because if you don't, you will automatically suffer from them. Every Downer and Wellie says basically the exact same thing, in fact, your own Downer says the same quotes. Every time you incapacitate someone, same quote from you. Every time you greet a Downer or Wellie, same respective quotes from their respective persons. Seriously? You Devs couldn't have at least provided a whole range of quotes such as (for Downers only), ""Wish I had my Joy right bout' now,"" or ""Damn Wellies dunno 'thing or two bout reality?"" Is it that hard to at least include extra quotes, or was the money too low to pay the voice actors more? Come on, guys...In the end, the only thing I have to say about this game is:🐅Snowy's Scorey🐅:10: Masterpiece, highly recommended to play9: Truly brilliant, recommended at its best8: Okay, will recommend7: Decent, will recommend, but within certain limitations6: Average, probably not worth recommending, but at least looking at5: Meh, some things are right, some wrong, but not complete4. Um.., not sure if this game is up for grabs3. Not worth buying2. Not worth looking at1. Quarantine yourself from this gameOkay, the game has great graphics, they're awesome. Concept is great, AI are extremely smart (will dodge to avoid your attacks, that's some interesting stuff right there, plus, they will tend to attack in groups and less being alone), combat is interesting (stamina system), and the fact it's a drug-fueled world is amazing (Bishock nostalgia). Unfortunately, the general gameplay mechanics were executed poorly, more searching than playing, no pinpoint objectives WITH A FREAKING MAP, same quotes, dull maps, and repetitive map formulas.The only thing I thought made this game fun was the Bioshock-feel it had and the incapicating-people system (it was fun to do that over and over).If anything, this game does deserve a look at... at the very least... like, 45% sure to look at. It may interest another. However, this game for being in Early Access is just not worth the $30 it costs. Compulsion Games, I'm sorry, but I want my money back. There are problems with this game that makes it annoying, not fun, and irritating right now. I rather be taking a new drug, I'll call it Shame, because the shame I had with high hopes for this game, just went down the disgusting toilets you find in this game."
,Not Recommended,320240,34737493,Posted: 4 September,all,SideZeo,"It looked promising and the fact that the developers were working on it seemed to be a good sign. Back when I bought when it had entered early access freshly, it had it's flaws, but was also accompanied by weekly updates. The devs were trying to create the game they had promised. But then Gearbox picks it up and we get this♥♥♥♥♥♥show. A game, that has been in early access and will probably remain there for quite some time requires you to pay 50 Dollars (or whatever currency your country is using), which is about as idiotically overpriced as the new Apple Macbook.So ♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ this publisher because you can bet your money that this will be another one of those cases of a game remaining in early access indefenetly.I really enjoyed the premise and had hoped that we'd get something with the atmosphere of a bioshock game, set in a dystopian and orwellian UK. Whatever the case, the game at this moment is not worth it's asking price. Not as long as it's in early access. And even then, god knows when they'll be beginning to shill out DLC-Practices and Seasonpasses."
76561198023157788,Recommended,320240,29820175,Posted: 10 February,all,✾ Matsukaze ✾,O this reminds me of No One Lives Forever...O this seems like Bioshock...O this atmosphere feels like Morrowind...O i love this.
,Recommended,320240,32783939,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"Distopian social-survival game. VERY GOOD IDEA seriously I loved the concept. Definitely give it a try. They added such a twist to survival gaming, no other game matches its style. Plus the art style is AMAZING."
,Recommended,320240,30879616,Posted: 1 April,all,LORD GG,"These developers know what they are doing and not a sell out like other ""early access games"" They contantly update the game and support feedbacks and guess what!! you wont believe it.. THEY ACTUALLY ♥♥♥♥ING LISTEN TO YOUR FEEDBACK!! lol but ya they are the best by far early access devs who like what they do and keep making the game better and better, not running away with the money! Props to them.The game it self is amazing even in early access. i would say 20+ hours of gameplay per update. I like to play about 5 hours of the game everytime they update it because every update feels like a new game and i cant wait to test  out the new features. keep it up guys 9/10. I would definatly pick this up if you havent already. you wont regret it. its a open world bioshock."
,Not Recommended,320240,24662835,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ferret Bueller,"Trailers and Gameplay footage are completely misleading. Sure the prelude is great, but the survival factor and fetch quest bullsh*t is very underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,320240,34447170,Posted: 23 August,all,Ryan,I am really dissepointed they raised the price. The game is nowhere done and Gearbox just chaces away people with their disgusting prices. Business gone wrong.I've bought the game a few years ago and it did update to a good level but- For this price NOW? No. Not at all.Its just terrible. It used to be WAAAAY less.
,Recommended,320240,31199660,Posted: 17 April,all,Doubleedge.,"Very british.""Lovely day for it!""""Fancy a cuppa?""In all seriousness though this is probably one of the best survival, action & adventure games out there especially for an early access game as well already providing a good chunk of the story with plenty of side encounters to keep you intrigued for at least a few hours. The gameplay is also great; I don't know why people are disappointed with the combat system as it's fine. There are plenty of recipes for weapons, items and different clothing and overall there is plenty of things to do around each of the islands. It just goes to show that even an incomplete game can be fun and keep your atttention for hours when there are fun, interesting and stupid qwerky encounters.Overall, I give this game a solid 9/10. Good job guys, keep up the good work and I'm looking forward to seeing what the finished product will look like."
76561197993405803,Not Recommended,320240,34398608,Posted: 21 August,all,sparda219,"I don't feel like I can reccommend this game in its current state any more after a year of singing its praises.I find it deeply ironic that a game about suffering under conformity and oppression has now conformed to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, exploitative corporate game model. You've betrayed your crowdfunding player base."
,Not Recommended,320240,34725922,Posted: 3 September,all,A Grill is A Grill,"I was an early access player and come by to check on the store page and see this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥The price is now 51 DOLLARS for this game.THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH 51 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS THE PREVIOUS PRICE WAS ALREADY HIGH ENOUGH AT 30$Please do not buy this game for its price, you will be unsatisfied."
,Recommended,320240,30203039,Posted: 26 February,all,GaBeX,"Detailed Version at the Bottom!Short Version:Should you buy it? If you:-Don't expect a new Bioshock-Can deal with minor Bugs and the Fact that this is an unfinished alpha-Are Interested in the dark Theme and really interesting Setting of the game-Want to take part in the development like submitting ideas helping to find bugs and issues and make this game even better-Like survival gameplay and can arrange with the fact that this game in it current state only contains really small pieces of the story of ONE of the Charackters (THERE WILL BE MORE!)-You like to read journals,notes and enviormental story telling-Are ready to wait for the full game because this is currently more of an investment into the games future!-Have seen some Let's Plays or Videos of the actual gameplay and like it!THEN BUY IT!Detailed Version:First of all, do I recommend this game? YES I absolutly love it but before you buy you shouldn't forget this is an early acess! The game yet doesn't contain the actual story but the envoirment and the npc's let you experience part of it and you can realy feel what this game will become when it's finished. This game has a great atmosphere and it constantly gets updated. Bugs get fixed quite fast and i have nothing big to complain about. BUT is it worth the money? That's a question to answer yourself. Yes this game in its current state is...i have to admit to expensiv if you just buy it for what it is right now. But i bought this game Months ago when it had a lot less to offer. But why? Do I have too much money to waste? Well maybe but i invested in the potential this game has and what it will or could become. And i can honestly say I don't regret it. The constant update flow and how much this game has changed, how much has been added since I bought it let me trust the devs so much i would directly buy it again. This game will get finished! And in my eyes its soo great already when its finnaly finshed it will probaly be one of the best games i ever played. It's expensiv right now for what it offers yes but when it's finshed it will cost even more and I am sure it then will still be worth the money. I bought this game early because i love the idea and the potential and to support the development of the game. I also just couldn't wait to play it. Its already a really interessting and fun experience and for an early alpha its also quite long. So when the game is finished i will have a great game and payed less then you would have to pay if you wait for the full release. See it as an investment in the future if you want but you can already have a lot of fun with it. The atmosphere of the game is quite dark and the current version raises alot of questions atleast for me. It really makes you hyped even more for the full realese to finnaly experience the full story, explore the full world and find all the secrets and search answers to all the questions you had until now. The theme of the game doesn't only look and sound interessting it really is. I spend hours telling one of my friends of the game and all the interesting things i found out while playing, I cant stop loving this game. Yeah call me a fanboy maybe I am one but that only shows how great this game is already. If you think about buying it and can arrange with minor bugs and an unfinished story then BUY IT! Now you may waste 30 Bucks but when you wait and buy the full version you may waste 60 bucks. Watch some letsplays to get a feel for the game and how it really is and don't expect an inofficial new Bioshock! I had alot of fun with it, one playthrough took me 10 Hours and this is a really really small part of the whole game and story!Ps: Sorry if my englisch isn't perfect at all. I come from Germany and got my englisch knowledge from school and through gaming and media. But i think you can all still understand it. If you have more Questions before buying about the game feel free to add me on steam I will try to answer your questions as best as I can."
76561198088965221,Not Recommended,320240,34517964,Posted: 26 August,all,RussianAK,"The concept and ideas behind this game make it stand out from the crowd.  It is fun to experience the world you're thrown.  I'm in love with Wellington Wells (the name of the fictional city that the game takes place it) and the odd people that inhabit it. Gameplay and mechanics of the game work quite wll for the most part. It is still in early access and Compulsion Games has come quite a long way with it since I first played.  I gladly payed the original price of $30 I think it was.  I have bought into several early access games, some good (Prison Architect) and some not so good (Spacebase DF9).  I can't say i would be comfortable recommending an incomplete game priced at $50.  Even one as promising looking as this one.In Closing:Love the game.  Love the concept.  Dislike recent decisions, such as the recent price hike.Maybe once the game is complete I will feel differently, but until then I do not recommend buying this at the current price."
,Not Recommended,320240,34489983,Posted: 25 August,all,Mr Retro,"Greedy greedy greedy, no thanks"
,Not Recommended,320240,34908388,Posted: 12 September,all,xxrazzorbladesxx,$60? Bit much for prelease?thanks gearbox!
,Not Recommended,320240,34458447,Posted: 24 August,all,Sanxis,not worth the money
76561198058399499,Not Recommended,320240,34876966,Posted: 10 September,all,The_Further,Definately not worth 50$ at all.
,Not Recommended,320240,34396907,Posted: 21 August,all,RandomiZer X,"Great job turning an indie game to a triple A title... With a publisher like Gearbox.Of course this comes with pre-order deals, higher price tag, dlc, collector's edition... SEASON PASS! etc.I was mildly interested in this game earlier, so i bought it some time ago... Hasn't been able to hold my interest for very long, at least in it's current state.If i hadn't gotten it before this AAA bs, i wouldn't get it at all (or at least before a deeeep sale)."
,Not Recommended,320240,34406676,Posted: 21 August,all,SeanotheDead516,"In its current state do not purchase this game. Multiple glitches, crashes etc. I was unable to complete quests due to certain glitches. I died in the game due to a glitch leading me off a cliff. The price for what you received before was questionable and now with the price hike it's ridiculous. Do not consider this a pre-order. A pre-order doesn't make you pay in full up front 8 months before the final version is released. The layout is lazy. Make tons of look alike buildings and forests to make the player take longer to get across the map and have quests few and far between. The game will likely be updated and changed again and again and again. Hopefully for the better but my concern is in its current state who's to say the end result will even be what it is currently advertised as. I highly recommend any individuals who haven't purchased this game wait closer to its final release. Those who have purchased this game be sure to notify the developers what you do or don't like about it. Hopefully the final game will be worth the price it's currently at. I watched multiple videos of gameplay, I read multiple reviews and thought ""no I'm sure they're exaggerating and I'm sure I'll like it better than the others did."" I wish I had listened to the negative reviews here."
,Not Recommended,320240,34407475,Posted: 21 August,all,Flash,Publishers give good games bad reputations.
76561198008750139,Not Recommended,320240,34408556,Posted: 21 August,all,Drax,AAA price for this? No **** off.
,Recommended,320240,30136608,Posted: 24 February,all,lifesotough,"It is the idea of the story that attracted at first sight. The dystopian reality/utopian dream switch is fascinating, espicially when they put the survival element in. As it is still in development, I won't blame for any bug I have encountered. I just want to offer my advice after playing for about 10 hours.1. More variety for common dialogs when interacting with NPCs. Now it is just several lines repeating again and again. It will greatly help the immersion of the game.2. Focus on developing the background story and the idea more. As most of people will say: this game has potential. The idea is compelling, but up to now, the game, in my point of view, is still lacking delicately designed storyline (which needs tons of background storytelling and ""fun facts""). A good example is Skyrim for some of its great side quests that contain not only exciting adventure, but also underneath relationship/interaction/opinions of NPCs. These elements make them vivid and real. I am looking forward for more on this aspect. (I can tell you are working on this since there are lots of improvements so far on quest developing)3. Battle and Sneaking are too easy for now. An option to allow users to choose ""Survival Mode"" is needed.4. If possible, I think a inverse gameplay (play as a joytaker) would be COOL. Although I know it will basically double your work, you will be most appreciated if do so.I will keep on playing and helping develop this game till its final release.P.S. To other users: Compulsion's other game Contrast is also fantastic."
76561198173197079,Not Recommended,320240,34984927,Posted: 15 September,all,FreyaMaluk,"Gearbox Publishing	 is the most despicable publisher EVER and you can see it in the insane price increase, the silly merchandise strategies and the lack of hardcore changes for the main game. This is not about ♥♥♥♥ing physical content.. It's about the permanence and relevance of the game. I backed the game on KS and I was extremly dissapointed with the early result, me and most players and after almost a year this game hasn't grasped the level and the quality they promised for a $30 indie game, much less an insane $60 game. What the hell were you thinking Compulsion Games? Please learn from other developers with bettter business practices. You ruined this promising game and probably your future prospects in the videogame industry. Gezz. Get real!"
76561198144640735,Not Recommended,320240,34369757,Posted: 20 August,all,Bravo6x,"They decided to go to AAA category, with AAA price. Well... they gonna be judged by AAA standards from now on. Not recommended yet, because you pay AAA price for EA game. Wait for full game release, and then judge it for yourself. In it's current form, maybe worth 20, max. 30 eur. And sadly we know gearbox software from it's lies about Duke Nukem and Alien CM, they are greedy as ♥♥♥♥. Maybe thats the only reason why they doubled their price... Not a nice move from all of you guys! Let's be honest..."
,Recommended,320240,28247126,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AusWanderer,"Great conceptAwesome storylineThe voices drive you crazy10/10But I feel less beefy computers have issues running the game, I know mine does :(Still doesn't stop me playing tho."
76561197971612524,Not Recommended,320240,34708341,Posted: 3 September,all,.Dandun,"Not worth 50,99 euro."
,Not Recommended,320240,34396323,Posted: 21 August,all,East,"Disappointed. Kickstarted indie developer squirting their ink on a deal with frigging Gearbox (of all things), doubled the price, added a season pass and a collectors edition (without the actual game). Just sod off.Oh before I go, can we please get some microtransaction loot boxes?"
76561198035727483,Not Recommended,320240,35126203,Posted: 22 September,all,Comrade Broski,"Brilliant game, I love the concept and I cannot wait for the full release But Please reduce the price in early access. It is literall robbery!"
,Not Recommended,320240,34399738,Posted: 21 August,all,Wesley Bishop,Wouldn't have bought this if I knew Gearbox would be part of this.
,Not Recommended,320240,35119335,Posted: 21 September,all,EdwardDarson,"Unfortunately, gearbox has picked up WHF. Immediately, the price doubled, ""season passes"" were offered, ""collectors editions"" were made, and I'm sure microtransactions are SOMEHOW going to find their way in there. It's a shame, too, because there was actually a glimmer of hope for this game, there was a glimmer of hope that some indie dev wouldn't give into the sweet, sweet publisher dollars and would instead be properly crowdfunded...But hey, eff that. Money, right? AAA gaming! WOO SEASON PASSES"
,Not Recommended,320240,34641522,Posted: 31 August,all,OperationTreadstone,It's a beautiful game with potential. Potentially worth $51.00? No. No early access should be asking that.
,Not Recommended,320240,26622051,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,austonli,"EDIT: Game now costs $60 and will require purchases of other DLC and season passes, and my stance on this game remains the same.This game has lot's of potential, however, given the $30 price tag and the uncertainty of early access games, I cannot fully recommend this game as a solid purchase.Game mechanics are more strategic than skill based which is nice, but highly limited to adjusting behavior to reduce suspicion, basic fighting techniques, and objective planning. Each of which do not offer much depth.The survival mechanics are a bit dull, where the resources are a little too easily accessible, NPC difficulty remains constant throughout the game. Crafting system is a nice touch.The key issue is that each playthrough is fundamentally the same: (spoilers) you basically just collect enough supplies to reach the end goal. The quests and objectives are not always the same each time around, but the actual tasks themselves still remain stagnant. Save a few adjustments on location, the people and dialogue are literally mirror images.In my 20 hours, I have cleared the game five times already. Each time, I tried different styles, casual, exploration, speed, and easter egg hunting, but other than the time you spend, the gameplay does not grow beyond what the first run offers.This game has some of the right ideas, and with more development I believe that this can become a strong game. However, due to these unfortunate shortcomings, We Happy Few can't help but feel underwhelming."
76561198203933967,Recommended,320240,29714425,Posted: 5 February,all,annizaki,"So, I have a few hours of gameplay under my belt, so I think it's time to write a review.And let me tell you, this game is FREAKING AWESOME!You play as Arthur, a man who decided to stop taking his ""Joy"", a drug that make you happy untill the effects wear off, and he was chased out of the happy town for it. Now, he must explore, survive and complete a series of quests in order to make it. Now tell me that this concept isn't amazing!The world is beautifully detailed and there is a lot to explore, even with the developers still actively adding content to the game. There are heavy survival aspects as you must scavenge and manage your hunger, thirst and sleep, and you also need to take care of your health as you can get injured, get an upset stomach, bleed, get an infection, even get the plague! Finally, even though it's still in alpha, there are a loooot of quests available!Another thing I absolutely love is how active and engaged the developers are. We get monthly updates with all the changes and the new content and I had to email them because I run into a serious problem and they answered back with an excellent solution within two days!All in all, I am very happy with my purchase and would absolutely recommend it to everyone!"
76561198056081551,Not Recommended,320240,34395889,Posted: 21 August,all,DoggoBloggo,"It went with an AAA publisher, betraying the kickstarters and fans of the game. ♥♥♥♥ em."
,Recommended,320240,24567346,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/wXSBvU760mQTHIS IS A MIXED PREVIEW! TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!We Happy Few is a first person survival game where you must escape from a dystopian city where all the inhabitants are all on a happy-drug called Joy.The story starts off with a really polished prologue where you skipped taking your Joy, and start to remember things. You’re outted as a downer, and you have to run for your life and make your way through town, while conforming, and hiding in plain sight as you work to escape.Due to the random nature of the game, you will spend a lot of time scavenging for items, hoping that you get the correct items that you need to craft the components you need. There is also a lot of crafting in the game, which is very quick to do, but I would like to see a craft all button added, instead of having to click to craft for 25 healing balms each time. You can discover crafting recipes in the world, and others are sometimes triggered, but I honestly don’t know what causes them to be learned. I found myself plagued at one point, and had no idea how to get the recipe to cure myself, and I kind of wish there was some sort of indication of what unlocks the recipes.There is a fair amount of combat in the game, and the combat is alright; it doesn’t feel very satisfying since there isn’t a whole lot of complexity, but it isn’t much of a drag either. The stealth mechanic is good, and I enjoy stealthing around, and subduing characters that way, but a visible indication of whether I’m hidden or not could be helpful.Pros:excellent survival system, as there are a lot of aspects you will have to manage, with the core of them being hunger, thirst, health, and exhaustion, but there are several other negative effects that you will likely encounter as well - managing these things happens quite often, and may not be for everyoneboth of the permadeath, and instant death options can be turned on or off, depending on player preference when starting a new gamethe prologue starts off the story well; the concept is excellent, and very interestinglots of side quests available at this current stage of the gameaudio is good also; the music feels fitting to the atmosphere, and the voice acting is done very wellthere are quite a few recipes, and lots of crafting; it's great that you can craft using the items in the storage safe, and that this storage safe is shared through all of the hideoutsthe graphics are decent, and the environments look good, and the character animations and design aren’t amazing, but they look good enoughCons:besides the prologue, there isn't really any of the core story implemented yetcharacters use the same model in several locations (the game even acknowledges this fact), and some of the voice lines get repetitivetoo much time gets spent managing the inventory: 1. items take up space, so rearranging items to pick up new ones happens often, (some inventory sort features, better item colour coating, or something that automatically rearranges items would be great features), and 2. it would also be nice if when one stack of items that’s assigned to a quickslot runs out, it automatically puts the next stack of the same or similar item in, (instead of having to manually add it again)there is quite a bit of texture popping, but it’s alpha, so let's hope that it gets fixed in the futureThe world is procedurally generated each time you start a new game, which is great, but even though it’s different it still feels kind of the same from one game to the next. I’ve started three new games, and so far, a lot of the quests were the same from one game to the next.Conclusion:Since the game is currently in alpha, there is barely any story right now, and a lot of content is not available yet. There are also some bugs, and other kinks that need to be worked out. I've played over 9 hours so far, and as far as an alpha phase goes, I am impressed. With that being said, I don’t feel that the game is worth the asking price in its current state, but at the same time, I have no regrets about the purchase because I like the game, and I want more of it. So, if you’re interested in experiencing a good amount of side quests, and just want to get a good feel for the game, or you just want to support the developers, then by all means, you’ll probably enjoy the early access as it is right now. If you’re looking for more of an underlying story, then you may want to keep an eye on the game as it develops.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,320240,34747558,Posted: 4 September,all,KnuX,"""We Happy Few is a game about breaking away from conformity and undermining an established status quo that's doing more harm than good. How grimly fitting that We Happy Few has, itself, fully conformed to industrial status-quo and is now indulging in the same erosive business practices that are only saturating the game industry with an exhausting, dizzying, overload of ways to give publishers all of your money. And I'm not mad at Compulsion [Games], just disappointed.""-Jim SterlingThe Jimquisition: The Joykilling Culture of 'AAA' Games(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m0OOurtOj8)"
,Not Recommended,320240,34719489,Posted: 3 September,all,Blackadder,"You cannot charge £40 for an unfinished game, get your head out of your arses."
76561198048630964,Recommended,320240,26590468,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Devilock,Lovely day for it!We Happy Few is an awesome game (even tho it's not finished) the atmosphere is amazing and the art style of the 1960's england is just awesomely done. Reminds me of A Clockwork Orange a lot.
76561197963734269,Not Recommended,320240,34398195,Posted: 21 August,all,Baboulinet,"Did not touch the game because didnt want to get spoiled.Now it's set in a dystopian world where you get Kickstarted, Early Access AND YOU STILL SELL YOURSELF to one of the worst publishers around.Did not support this game for Randy Pitchfork to make money on it. Did not support it for DLCs or Seasons Pass or sh*t.I was happy to talk about We Happy Few as ""One of the good ones"".Now I got to take that back. Whatever quality the game has, you just lot the most important resource of them all : CONFIDENCE.But I guess now you made your game with our money and sold it to a big company, you don't care anymore, ain't that right ?This industry never ceases to disappoint."
,Not Recommended,320240,34397980,Posted: 21 August,all,medhathobo,"Why, Compulsion Games? Why?"
,Not Recommended,320240,24690409,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jan,"The concept seems fantastic, and graphically the game is stunning, but I couldn't get that far to actually enjoy it since the hunger and thirst survival aspects were just too much and happened too often to get that far into the gameplay. Plus food is hard to find, which isn't helpful since everything else is hard to find. I'm sure it would be wonderful upon full release, but right now, as is, I'm not a huge fan."
,Not Recommended,320240,34444856,Posted: 23 August,all,Suomimies55,"This is really fun and fantastic game to play! It sure shows the outcomes of the every step you'll take and decisions that you make happen around your world.Now what i don't like at all, that you go for high price in Early access. It can really mess up, and that's what have happened already."
76561198032114870,Not Recommended,320240,34356634,Posted: 19 August,all,Grumpy,"In light of Gearbox coming on board, I cannot reccommend this game any longer.  Purchase at your own peril."
76561198012591731,Not Recommended,320240,34408323,Posted: 21 August,all,RedZombieWolf,The publishers are sellout pieces of human fecal matter. All because they sold their soul to Gearbox
,Not Recommended,320240,34346946,Posted: 19 August,all,[IHC] Yenski,"Hope you bought this early...  GREAT game, that just got bought up by Gearbox- makers of♥♥♥♥♥♥games left and right.  Oh, and they doubled the price, then added a season pass, and are selling a $150 add on that doesn't include the game.Again, spectacular game, but it is being poisoned by a AAA group of thieves trying to make a buck off the back of a great Indie group."
,Not Recommended,320240,34840547,Posted: 9 September,all,Nairoby,Don't deal with the devil.
,Not Recommended,320240,34404773,Posted: 21 August,all,Sauce Kaiser,"I was actually about to defend the price hike but upon some more research I found some disgusting♥♥♥♥♥♥ A SEASON ♥♥♥♥ING PASS? A SEASON PASS? ARE YOU SERIOUS? GIVE ME MY ♥♥♥♥ING 30$ BACK YOU LYING THEIVES. This is ♥♥♥♥ing blantant abuse of the people who were willing to give you people money. You guys are planning a season pass, a console release and all this other♥♥♥♥♥♥I didnt sign up for????? WHY???? Not only that but your game is only a shallow survival game with a beautiful wrapper, and it doesnt even run at a solid 60fps with a ♥♥♥♥ing gtx 1080, i7 4790k and 16gb ram? OOOOOOKAYYYY. The most ironic thing is, you guys went from being ""downers"" to being an actual ♥♥♥♥ing downer. ♥♥♥♥ING. DISGUSTING. I couldn't stress enough, how utterly sickening this is, as a long time backer. thanks for trashing my faith in the Early Access model even more."
,Not Recommended,320240,34446282,Posted: 23 August,all,camXmile,"After more than a year in development this game is still nothing more but a concept of a game rather than a game. I wouldn't even call it a demo at this stage. I tried to like it but the game simply doesn't have enough content, it doesn't reward you for playing. Gameplay is as tedious and boring as walking in circles.But what really puts a nail into the coffin of this project is developer's decision to turn this crowdfunded indie game into another monstrosity by one of the worst publishers. This is a betrayal and it's completely unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,320240,34413427,Posted: 22 August,all,Sarmin,"I loved the premise of this and was fairly excited to see this finished.Then the devs thought publishers were needed even though it was kickstarted which is great to AVOID publisher deals and then it's Gearbox of all people.Now we got what, collectors editions? Season Pass? Of course we have the AAA 60 bucks, because the publisher definitely needs that much for their own for a game that was almost finished without their ""help"".♥♥♥♥ Gearbox and I am very dissapointed in the devs, this did not need to happen for any reason.I will not stand for this and if I could, I would refund every cent."
76561198225670512,Not Recommended,320240,34650986,Posted: 31 August,all,Ink,"In all honesty, I bought We Happy Few when it came out for early access when it was $30, so I've been following it for a bit. This game is decent, especially with the graphics and where the story is headed. But in its current state, WHF is not worth this $51. Maybe after it's all polished up and ready to go, but in this moment, it's still more of a $20 game. I say this because it's not finished, there are still bugs, and it has a long way to go if they're really going to implement 2 other characters beside Arthur. I don't know much anything about Gearbox, so I can't be one of those people saying ""Oh, it's now in the hands of these people, boycott this game!"" Really, if you want We Happy Few enough, then go for it. I've played it a lot and have been really pleased with how far it's come, but paying this much money for a game still in early access is just ridiculous. Sorry, Compulsion Games."
76561198197575463,Not Recommended,320240,34367480,Posted: 20 August,all,KindredsA**,"As much as I love this game I cant say I reccomend it for $50+. It seems nowhere near finished. Pretty much they have only increased the island space and havent added in any new content. Not any worth the price they are charging now. And I cant see how one last update will complete this game. On top of this they are already focusing on DLC? I really dont see why, this game needs alot more work done before any bull $20 DLC is released. At the moment it only feels like a sand box game, even if it isnt. And as excited as I am for the next update, I am also very weary. It feels like this game is turning for the worst."
,Recommended,320240,25025690,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TrashcanJohnson,"What the hell is going on...?We Happy Few is an acid trip of a game when it comes down to it, and could be a very promising game if it keeps on track!Learn what it is like to live in a post war, orwellian,♥♥♥♥♥♥bag of a country in which everyone judges you on the way your dressed, pops pills to deal with every problem in their life, and the police are always up your♥♥♥♥♥(aka America, they just put it in Great Britian so that we didn't get offended).In reality, the game is enjoyable! It's still in alpha, so if you can't handle a few hiccups, go sit on a broomstick or something. If you want to have an active decision in what the shape of this game will be when it is finished, then play the game now, and submit your issues with the devloper (thats why they released the alpha....)Just know, poor people dont like when you wear a nice suit; rich people dont like when you wear a not so nice suit; everyones depressed except those who are on drugs; people say some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ you may have nightmares about these masks; purple, orange, pink, blue, and yellow are the primary colors of acid trips; and this is all a metaphor.Really though, if you are intrigued in a new style of survival/quest based semi-horror games, this is a good start.Gameplay - 7/10 (alpha does not have a fully fleshed out storyline yet)Visuals - 8/10 (Awesome atmosphere provided by visuals, but still needs a little work in terms of texturing and overall archetecture)NPC/AI - 8/10 (These people are weird as♥♥♥♥♥♥.. but they work, serve a purpose, and also entertain)Overall - 7.5/10 (current state alpha is going really well. Its good to see the amount of work that has been put in so far, and the developers seem to be committed to making this an A-list game)"
76561198084116141,Not Recommended,320240,34405564,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr. ElectriDictator,"Yeah, no, the game was barely worth the original 30 bucks. It is absolutely not worth 60 dollars, at all. Do not buy this game, if only to not support this ♥♥♥♥ing corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198061408720,Not Recommended,320240,24567759,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Miss Distress,"I played this game for 2hrs.Duration 10mins =The opening scene was full of reading trying to figure out your purpose in your job.Duration 1min = Then it got super exciting with an escape from the 'norm'Duration  109min - an open inventory eating rotten food.PRO:It has a fun quirky style that got me excited to play it and a creepy clown vibe that made me think it would be a horror filled night. But it just wasn't the case..The inventory system is just like Day Z where the shape of items stored takes up different amounts of space within your inventory 'bag'.CON:The hunger meter is so drastically amped up you literally can't go 60seconds without  needing to open your inventory and ingest something or find a bed to sleep.Food, Water, & Sleep rule your life in too short of increments in between to take a breath and enjoy looking up from  your inventory.SUGGESTION:Fix the Hunger, Thirst, & Sleep meters to deplete at a MUCH slower rate.RECCOMENDATION TO CONSUMERS:Would I buy it again knowing what I do now?   No, not worth 30$. Maybe, in the future -IF- they made some drastic changes to how the food/sleep system works....but as it sits It wasn't fun playing a 'feed myself simulator'. And I LOVE survival games.. I just want to be able to look -away- from my inventory."
,Not Recommended,320240,34625684,Posted: 30 August,all,Nitroxide,Good game that was set to be great when it fully released. Too bad they ruined it.
,Not Recommended,320240,34797201,Posted: 7 September,all,Captain Neckbeard{Creeps},"This game is NOT worth the price they are asking for. It is a good game. Worth the original price. Its still un finished. Its not a FULL game for the FULL GAME price. This whole, ""Save 15%"" is just greed from Gearbox. ♥♥♥♥ Gearbox, and I hope to god they can find a new publisher who won't ruin this game."
76561198155243123,Not Recommended,320240,35134829,Posted: 22 September,all,specialderek,why oh why would you go with gearbox? the odds of them completely ruining this game is extreamly high. how can you ask $50 for an EARLY ACCSES GAME.
76561198114810717,Not Recommended,320240,34416403,Posted: 22 August,all,Yung Space Walrus,50 ♥♥♥♥ing euro? are you ♥♥♥♥ing serious? the game isn't even finished.
,Not Recommended,320240,34429339,Posted: 22 August,all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,"“***TL;DR: We Happy Few is releasing on April 13 2018, and the version available to play in Early Access is not the final version. Think of it like an extended demo. The Early Access version is PC only, with Mac/Linux and the main narrative only available on the full release***Have fun with your $60 extended demo. Glad I got my refund in early."
,Recommended,320240,28743749,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Thadrei,"When I first heard of this game my expectations were HUGE for this. I anticipated a finished game where the environment seemingly changed as Arthur (the protagonist) progressed through a retro futuristic society of Wellington Wells. What I got was Early Access. My initial thought on We Happy Few entering early access was what the Wellies call a ""downer"". I was familiar with all the bugs and glitches and poor support that Early Access offered all-too-well and that is what happened with this game for a time, the game got sunk into a mixed to negative review rating on it and the future of We Happy Few looked grim for lack of a better word. But amazingly the developer team has worked so hard on restoring the bugs this game has had and even progressed on the story mode for the game, while they completely remade the quest system the game had ran on (which caused many quests to be unplayable in the past) the game has been recieving many positive reviews just like this one and I am truly thankful for the developers of this game for staying determined with their idea even after the mistake of releasing the game too early at first they have held the community together and made me a content customer for purchasing yet another splendid game!Don't forget to take your joy!EDIT!With the game nearing its finalized release I decided to replay We Happy Few and see what the new buzz was all about, the amount of new content that was introduced from the alpha stage to the near finished version is perfect and absolutely smashing! There are so much more encounters and enemies that exist in Wellington Wells now that it actually feels like a game where you are alone and no one not even your fellow downer is your friend, I honestly cannot wait until Arthur reaches this parade district on the upcoming update that will signify the end game content, will Arthur save Percy or was he too late nobody but the devs know for sure for now."
,Not Recommended,320240,34404674,Posted: 21 August,all,Stronghans McIronuts,"A poorly executed and poorly optimized game with a big boring empty world. Characters lacking character that hand out simple fetch quests and a story that will leave you asking for more... because there's hardly one to begin with.What you actually get:-A frustrating crafting mechanic-Bargain bin AI that act like infants who haven't developed object permanence-Sickness and starvation that will end up killing the player more times than the enemies you encounter-A slap in the face for paying $60 on a game thats barely worth $30All in all this is a game for people who want to pretend they're a homeless person, which you could do in real life for a lot less than what you'd pay to play this game."
,Not Recommended,320240,35100450,Posted: 21 September,all,Fiodor,This game was great for it's price tag.The price bump raises the expectations I have for this game and it simply isn't worth 51 euros.
76561198163258538,Not Recommended,320240,35037146,Posted: 17 September,all,Mulemilk,I bought this game like a year ago and came back to check updates and see how it was doing. It breaks my heart to see the greedy corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s trying to get there disgusting hands on it. Wish I never bought it had I known. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!! BE THE GENERATION THAT ENDS CORPORATE GREED IN GAMING!!!!!
,Not Recommended,320240,34892051,Posted: 11 September,all,JRCOBRA,We happy sellout.
,Not Recommended,320240,24578316,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Whiskey,"Short and sweet;Game has a really cool premise behind it and a really nice setting, however I feel like after 3 or so hours of battling your hunger, thirst, fatigue and annoying as ♥♥♥♥ AI, it gets quite boring in its current state.Side note:almost 4 hours into the game now and I haven't even seen a bobby, nor any 'happy' people aside from those in the intro phase.*EDIT*I might add that, while I didn't have a great first impression, the game still seems to have a ton of potential and I think eventually it will definitely be worth another shot! Like I said, it does have a very cool premise :D"
,Recommended,320240,25924691,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[Imp0ss!bl3]-->VASWAT_xD,"Ok, so this is my second day of playing We Happy Few and id say that im pretty impressed. I didnt expect much from early-alpha version of the game u kno. But theres quite a lot of stuff in it and knowing it is only 50% of the full version coming out next year this game is going to be 10/10.Now:Atmosphere: 8.5/10 - night atmosphere needs to be darker with more lights and shinings that make it even more depressing and We Happy Few-ishEncounters: 9/10 - bigger variety is expected tho so im happyDialogue: 6/10 - it is going to be improved so im still happyBattle mechanics (loud) - 5/10 - it is the same all the time. Needs bigger variety of different attacks that will make it more interesting and engaging.Battle mechsnics (stealth) - 9/10 - it is ok. I like it.Collectibles/items: 10/10 - a loooooooooot of stuff. Thats good.Conclusion: the game right now is sth like 8.75/10. I LOVE IT. With some improvements in the atmosphere making it darker and in the combat mechanics We Happy Few will definitely be one of the greatest and fun games i have ever played. Good job developers and thanks for listening to the fanbase."
,Not Recommended,320240,35128685,Posted: 22 September,all,vtipoman,"Oh come on, We happy few. You got so much money from your Kickstarter, from people genuinelly excited by your premise, and you have the balls, THE BALLS to ♥♥♥♥♥ yourself out to a AAA publisher? And Gearbox, out of all of them?"
,Not Recommended,320240,34797834,Posted: 7 September,all,Nail,"ARE YOU READY FOR ANOTHER SANDBOX SURVIVAL GAME!We happy few is yet another sandbox game but this time it has fetch quests to go along with your constant need to eat and drink at the rate of a obese scooter driver at an all you can eat buffet. The story is an interesting concept in that you refuse to take a drug that makes you feel nothing but content with your job that approves papers that drop into an empty hallway. Next the police chase you to the sewers before beating you up and leaving your♥♥♥♥♥in a secret base for some reason. Not the worst start to a game especially since the drug makes the whole world view change from a nasty ♥♥♥♥ed up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to a wonderous clean environment. But sadly the chase scene is nothing like the rest of the game. If you have played rust, ark, or any other flavor of the month house builder than you have basically played we happy few."
,Recommended,320240,31020781,Posted: 8 April,all,bombinabirdcage,"I LOVE this game. I play it through, then leave it until each big update, then play it again.Part of that may be because the story is allegory for mental illness. I have bipolar disorder and the parallels I see are incredibly strong. They make me stop and just love the little details, down to the NPC comments and hidden areas."
76561198041354552,Not Recommended,320240,34583577,Posted: 29 August,all,The Patriarchy,"$50 for an unfinished game is pretty ballsy to demand.  Good thing I got the game back before gearbox got involved.  If I were going to buy it today, instead of back then, i would not.  I'd just wait until the game is finished before dropping that kind of money."
,Not Recommended,320240,34447039,Posted: 23 August,all,Alle090,"This game had a great concept but a rather bland survival. Bought it for the story mostly...HOWEVER, THIS IS NOT A AAA GAME!Its not finished enough to be released, its NOT extensive enough to be worth over 50 Euro. And in no way or form does it hold enough to support for DLC´s or ""Special"" editions.My advice.. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,320240,34564700,Posted: 28 August,all,dmoody81,I know this game is a alpha but still a lot of annoying bugs. I enjoyed the game till I saved my game and tried to load it where the game just crashed on me in St. George's Holm. I would not mind starting over but I just don't want to after all the progress I have made. I would like to change my review but searching through the forums and online proved to no resolution. I would wait till they get all the bugs out especially the save issue (which would be great if you can save in different spots instead of over the same file)
,Not Recommended,320240,34428848,Posted: 22 August,all,NotSqueeApproved,"Been following this game since it first came out but didnt buy it until about a week ago. Not one for Early Access games, but i was reading up that they were releasing the FULL game with a storyline and everything else on 8/16/2017. Bought the game only to find a few days later that its still a sandbox game with no story, no character options, etc and had pushed back their release of the full game to April 2018. But oh well, still had high hopes for the game and was willing to wait until April for the full game to come out.BUTNow im finding out that the full game will be riddled with DLC to the point where its a ""pay for this DLC to continue the story"" with ""Deluxe Editions"" being sold for ~$80. They also said they would be giving their backers the DLC and full story but at this point i wouldnt be surprised if that was a lie too. The team up with GearBox has absolutely ruined the game with their money-grab bs. Shame on the creators for letting such a good game snowball downhill after three years of hard work. This game had potential but at this point it seems they are throwing in the towel and if thats the case, ill join them by having them give me my damn money back."
,Not Recommended,320240,34510650,Posted: 26 August,all,ALE199-ITA,"The game is a disapointment now! becose it has half what we want and even less if you can make it without vometing for how much bugs and glitches there are! the price was aready to much high for an early access but GearBox just sayd ""♥♥♥♥ IT! MILK IT WHYLE ITS STILL ALIVE!"" and uped the price so much that only crazy pepole would buy (or rich youtubers)I hope at least the game becomes better than overpriced pice of broken gameplay."
,Not Recommended,320240,34728590,Posted: 3 September,all,dapimp,"Bought it during early access 1 year back at MYR30+, had it refunded as it is not complete. Liked the idea but did not like how it was still unpolished. Now, I've seen how pretty it has become but really $50?"
76561197992572179,Recommended,320240,33709088,Posted: 21 July,all,Leon Scott Kennedy,"This game is both morbid and cute all at the same time. You run around the rainbow filled city, greeting different people and getting compliments during the day.. And by night time you kill a family of four asleep in their home because you want to have a place to sleep. The game contains fun features like: Run around the forest while on mushrooms, help mentally ill people get their dolls back, mass murder policemen with traps and so much more. All while you stroll around with a big smile on your face from all the drugs you've been doing.Pros: Fun gameplay with a neat world to exploreDifferent playstyles for the sneaky one and for the fighterJumpscares, The game is not all that frightening in itself, but waking up in a house of slaughtered family members and a policeman staring down at you have given me a few jumpscared now and then.Short stories: The quests you are given can be all from exciting to heartbreaking sad. The developers have done a great job on given people personalities with relevant story.Cons: A bit buggy, I experienced a quest I had to put on hold because I could not further progressionEnding: There is no way to further progress your game after you get into the last zone. Explore and enjoy, don't try to rush the main story because all the progress on that save will have been for naught if you enter it.Bagspace: There is a legend in this game that you can find items to increase your bagspace or inventory. These are rare. REALLY rare.Takedowns: There are only one version of the takedown. Wish there could be an option for lethal just because we players are bloodthirsty beasts.All in all it's a big thumbs up from me. We're still in early access and I cannot wait to see what the developers have in mind for us."
76561198013591520,Not Recommended,320240,34619801,Posted: 30 August,all,Hadiir,WTF what a price jump
,Not Recommended,320240,34797525,Posted: 7 September,all,Metafish,"Been supporting We Happy Few for years!  I've been soooo excited for this game but gearbox??? Wtf guys... come on... literally almost ANYBODY else... $51?? You haven't even finished the game!  And revamping things for console play?  This was a PC game initially...Now mind you, even though I give a negative review, it's still got so much potential.  This is to make a statement that you have tarnished what was once a beautiful community experience and turned it into a corporate feeling experience and that is a shame.  I hope you don't forget your fans who have been with you the long haul and don't try to just capitalize :(Sad"
76561198008389361,Recommended,320240,24638010,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mr. Finn,"I really do enjoy the game so far and I'm looking forward to what's to come, I think this story is gonna be awesome. My only issue, aside from the normal early access bugs and hiccups, is the fact that the game, especially right now, is not really survival horror. It's got a somewhat creepy vibe, especially with the weird masks, but honestly I wouldn't call a game survival horror because of a slight air of creepiness. So those of you buying this in the hopes of a good scare, I'm gonna have to warn you that's not really what it is at the moment."
76561198188734325,Not Recommended,320240,34440402,Posted: 23 August,all,^5Guernica,"Got this game as soon as it got on steam, was great! Unfortunately if you don't have it already, you'll have to pay $60. Wait for it to go on sale....  it's an indie game."
,Not Recommended,320240,34676590,Posted: 1 September,all,Zinkle,"This game has been getting worse and worse with each update. I would rather play the version where the main quest line is bugged and unbeatable at this point. I have given this game so many chances and just been let down time after time. Why release an ""update"" with so many bugs. The ""updates"" may fix an issue or 2 but end up causing more than they fix.... Not worth it.... ever..."
,Not Recommended,320240,34638049,Posted: 31 August,all,The Walking Holocaust,♥♥♥♥ you gearbox.
,Not Recommended,320240,34469255,Posted: 24 August,all,Tulgore,"I love this game, I really do. I wish I could give it a positive review. But the price that they are asking for is holding that back. I could barely justify spending 30$ on it when I origianlly bought it. If it was still 30 today, it would be a recommendation from me. Its a bug-filled mess that has a lot of work left that needs to be done, but its incredibly fun and it always brings me back for updates.. but for 60$? theres no way I could sell any of my friends or others on it.If money isnt a factor for you and you really dont care about spending the 60$, good or bad, I would purchase it.If it were this or almost any other 60$ game on steam, your money is better spent on probably the other game :(If this game gets a godly facelift, or a price cut. I would change this review to a recommend in a heartbeat."
76561198040218615,Not Recommended,320240,34425747,Posted: 22 August,all,iiIIiIiIIIiiIIIiIIIiIIi-iiiiiiii,i dont write reviews. just wanted to show my hate for greedy developers.
,Recommended,320240,30744114,Posted: 25 March,all,ZipperSkull,"Super fun to play, I would recommend to anyone who LOVES bioshock and survival games. But this one has a real mix to it."
,Recommended,320240,29810821,Posted: 9 February,all,√(π) Memesmarine,I've always wanted to murder british people with a rolling pin.10/10
,Not Recommended,320240,34585121,Posted: 29 August,all,Kruger,"I cannot recommend this game now that Gearbox got involved, nor can I recommend it for it's price (especially since it's nowhere near finished). This game was originally stated to cost $30 and it's not even out of Early Access.Not only has the price doubled, there's also a Season Pass now and a Collectors Edition, neither of which I will be getting. And like so many other game publishers, there will likely be an addition of Micro-Transactions later on, another feature I will not partake in.I loved the game; what little I've played of it, but I cannot bring myself to recommend this no-longer-indie title."
76561198276124621,Recommended,320240,26638863,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lord Chanka,"Awesome. One original game for an unoriginal time. It is too good to put in words.BTW, love the influence from 1984.Long live George Orwell!"
,Not Recommended,320240,25131492,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Blue,"Its not what you imagine, its not what you expect. At first I was really hyped about this game looked like an amazing dystopian game. However you have to constantly drink and eat. That would not be a problem if there were places that spawned food and water but they are on one corner of the map. Want to be in the interesting part of the game? then you better have a stockpile built up of food and water because you will need it.The game also has a lot of bugs which makes the actual story line unplayable. The first time a quest glitched so I could not proceed. The second play through I made it all the way to where I got to fill a bucket. Problem is the pump was glitched out of existance. So 2 for 2 unwinable. And thats not counting the sub quests that despawn the person you need to talk to.Its an interesting idea, but all the eating and drinking system add is having to add more hours of play to continue without penalty. I realise that it is in alpha, but seeing as you are doing the bug testing for them I would expect that you could at least play through the game once without a game breaking glitch.Overall, neat world, amazing lighting but the gameplay is meh and I was never fond of fetchquests. And thats mostly what this game is. Buy it when its cheaper."
76561198032123349,Not Recommended,320240,35092818,Posted: 20 September,all,Pros Choose Console Gaming,Greedy season pass introduced. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,320240,33305104,Posted: 6 July,all,Ange le Carré,"This is one of my favorite games of this generation. The dev's are the best I've ever seena nd keep everyone updated weekly on all their progress, plans and such. The game is so quirky, fun, and thrilling. I've played and betatin what there is of it 4 times now. Even in it's unfinished product I HIGHLY! Recommend it if you can buy it for $20 if you like these sorts of games. If you can get it for $15  or under, then do it IMMEDIATELY! I love the characters, the story, the UI, the free roam, the just everything you can do.I will recommend this to just about anyone! Even when you play in its original form (one life) it's so much more challenging and fun still. This game is one that got me into talk radio and have a Fallout aspect and feel to it.Overall 10/10 !!!"
76561198074861890,Recommended,320240,31469657,Posted: 30 April,all,dtslone08,"Let me start by saying I dont review games in most cases unless they are really bad or somthing about them makes them stick out from the crowd.  In the case of We Happy Few it sticks out way above the crowd even in its alpha state.  There is no doubt when you play this game the amout of love put into it by the devs.  The story (though short at the moment) is given to you in such a way to make you want to know the answers to the questions of Joy, your brother, and why a bobby wants to beat you to a pulp when the sun goes down.  Nothing in the game seems forced play at your own pace, search every nook and cranny or power through killing everyone in site.  I can honestly say I cant wait to see the end product after polishing and a few bugs are worked out.  BTW the bugs I have encountered have NOT been game breaking and the devs have been quick to answer any questions or problems me or my son have encountered (he is also playing).  If your looking for a fun game thats not a churned out AAA title built on the backbone of 15 previous titles, and has fresh story ideas that make you think while smiling at cheeky humor We Happy Few is for you."
76561197996001286,Recommended,320240,28995896,Posted: 3 January,all,MadMack,Like falling down the rabbit hole into wonderland
,Not Recommended,320240,34671515,Posted: 1 September,all,chip///,"played it like a year ago and enjoyed it, can no longer recommend it because stupid ♥♥♥♥ing gearbox"
,Recommended,320240,32791785,Posted: 25 June,all,skarecrowmoto,"so far i have loved every minute of this game, i've only done one playthru so far but i do plan on doing plenty more. The artwork in this game is amazing and the interaction is pretty good. I am excited for the new updates and also for the full story release as i really want to know what is going to happen.I would highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys survival games with a good fun plot to them."
76561198088083599,Not Recommended,320240,35081804,Posted: 20 September,all,Goose_Jackson,"Dont buy this game until it's on sale with all future content. This may be 2 years from the date of this review.Gearbox screwed all early access purchasers by implimenting a season pass, trying to milk more money out of us.Randy Pichford yet again caring only about his projects and your money."
,Not Recommended,320240,34473534,Posted: 24 August,all,DarkKingBowser,"I really liked this game's innovation and imagination. For $30 it wasn't a bad early access game.But $60? Pre-orders? DLC/Season passes? Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself you greedy AAA publishing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is not worth it in its current state. Avoid like the plague, buy it on sale 50% off.Way to go turning a pre existing fanbase completely against your AAA game, Gearbox. Try not to ♥♥♥♥ it up like you did Alien Colonial Marines."
,Not Recommended,320240,35191558,Posted: 24 September,all,NitroGlicerin,"I got this game when it was 20$, and at that price this review would be positive. 60$ for an indie game? no ty, greedy devs! Edit: also crashes"
,Not Recommended,320240,34406250,Posted: 21 August,all,Will I am,good for thirty
76561198027894902,Not Recommended,320240,34797914,Posted: 7 September,all,PirateCap,"Good Game, Bad Publisher, hope it doesnt get ♥♥♥♥ed up further then the price increase."
76561198023593148,Not Recommended,320240,35138693,Posted: 22 September,all,LonoKanja,63$ for a ♥♥♥♥ing incomplete game way to go gearbox. I hope this game become a huge loss of money for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company.
76561198009051527,Not Recommended,320240,34396295,Posted: 21 August,all,Oberleutnant Karl,Dont ♥♥♥♥ over those who got you where you were you selfish downers
,Not Recommended,320240,34396574,Posted: 21 August,all,Antera,Gearbox Really?
,Not Recommended,320240,34396122,Posted: 21 August,all,Slaanesh-Bait,"I wanted to back an independant and fan backed game that I thought was built by love and a passion for their IP , and the creators may still have that passion and love but I highly doubt Gearbox will give a toss or give them enough control over their own game for it to matter , you doubled the price , pre order bonus's and SEASON PASS were added,♥♥♥♥ you guys , and ♥♥♥♥ gearbox."
,Not Recommended,320240,34884785,Posted: 11 September,all,nik,51€ what the actual ♥♥♥♥ O.o
76561197964042954,Not Recommended,320240,34564256,Posted: 28 August,all,King,"The premise was great at first, good indie studio with great ideas, nice early access with alot of weekly informations on what they where doing. But then .....They sold their souls to  Gearbox, doubled the price right away, seasons pass and a dlc's galore, everything to suck your wallet dry.Do not support this and if you absolutely need to, get it off a key site."
,Not Recommended,320240,34788394,Posted: 6 September,all,ProGJournal,Broken Promises the game
76561198116214312,Not Recommended,320240,35343296,Posted: 30 September,all,Vidplayer,"Please, developers, just finally finish the game. It sucks reading ""Early Access"" everytime again I take a look onto the steam page of We Happy Few since more than a year. You have collected enough money before even having produced anything that could be called a finalized game.I hope the story that apparently still has to be added will be a good and compelling one.The game basically isn´t that exciting without it. I played the beginning several times, but then lost interest because it was too boring. I really hope the story is going to change that."
76561198115998890,Not Recommended,320240,24571678,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tweek,"This is just my opinion and this review was posted on the second day after early access was released. For now at the moment I'm going to have to give this game a no. The survival horror feeling is no where to be found. If you can't find anything you want for example the items you need to get into the ""Jolly Happy"" place where all the happy/creepy people are in the game then this will turn very bleh and boring after a few playthroughs. There are lots that still needs improvements and fixes.  But don't get me wrong this game has a lot more pros then cons. The survival and sandbox feeling is there. After a few months from now or when this game exits out of the alpha I have no doubt that this game will be a lot better. For now it's not that enjoyable, but for a game in alpha it's not too bad. The reasons why you might want pick up this game is to feel a glimpse of what the game will be like and it's said to be cheaper while in Early Access. There's no doubt I'm not going to keep playing it tho"
76561198039887056,Not Recommended,320240,34375848,Posted: 20 August,all,giles.haydon,"Refunding after learning about the studio selling out to Gearbox, the team that bought us Aliens:  Colonial Marines and Bulletstorm and get great pleasure from milking wallets dry.  This is not a helpful review by the way"
,Not Recommended,320240,34480848,Posted: 25 August,all,Scylla,"$60 for an easily $30 EARLY ACCESS game that already has pre-order bonuses, a SEASON PASS, and a Collectors Edition.If it wasn't for Borderlands, I'd be wishing for Gearbox to file bankrupt."
,Not Recommended,320240,35405556,Posted: 1 October,all,Mumble,"Never should have gotten Gearbox involved, that is going to kill your game.You really need to take a page out of Larian Studios playbook, have a realistic release date and deliver.Now this is pushed back til 2018 ROFL, you had the potential to be a great game developer but you just had to sell out and try to make more money because of greed.This is why no-one should ever pre-order anything anymore because companies just take the money and run.If you want someone to pay premium prices then actually make a premium product not this half @$$ crap everyone tries to pull and slaps ""Early Access"" on it now-a-days."
76561197991921123,Not Recommended,320240,34424844,Posted: 22 August,all,meshuggah12345,No. Gearbox being attatched to this now is a failure. Enjoy your dirty money Compulsion.
76561198198844633,Not Recommended,320240,34874251,Posted: 10 September,all,WoodDavers,"ive been with this game for a while, i was excited to see that another company was willing to publish it,you can imagine how i felt when i saw gearbox.This is a story of an indie game that was taken out back, and shot in the head by a forced price increase by gearbox, gotta love gearbox"
,Recommended,320240,29713704,Posted: 5 February,all,theindymiss,"Started playing at around midnight until early morning, and if I didn't have to be somewhere early the next day, I would've kept playing. I did though, immediately after getting home this afternoon. THIS GAME IS WAAYY TOO BOMB TO PASS UP. It's incredible, and the hours I've spent and will be spending in the future won't have been for nothing. VERY ENTERTAINING for an Alpha, and an amazing game design so far. :)"
,Not Recommended,320240,34708296,Posted: 3 September,all,Kara,"I bought in to the concept on release day. And I refunded it when that was literally all it had, saying to myself that I'd buy it again once it had more meat on the barebones gameplay. But with the shenanigans and surrounding controversy related to it finding a publisher, I have no intention of buying it again.The game itself is perfectly servicable if you enjoy a faint creative twist - in terms of narrative, anyway - on the survival genre of gaming. But I found that's really all it was. There was painfully little to explore, and you were consumed with staying hydrated, preventing you from soaking in any of the game world or atmosphere that they seem dedicated to crafting.It's just a shame that it had to turn out this way."
76561198045397327,Recommended,320240,25090715,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Geri,This game a very Bioshock feel to it from the graphics to the sick twisted people in the game. It is very interesting and i expect it to be a fantastic game once it gets fully completed. If you like a drug filled world and you are the only one off his meds then you will love this game.It will crash from time to time but dont get upset by that they are still working on the game. One of the best games i have played with a very nice twist to it.
,Not Recommended,320240,34622716,Posted: 30 August,all,Luxury,"At first when the game was being developed, I supported it all the way. Now that gearbox has taken the game into it's hands, I no longer wish for the game. Due to the massive price increase for those who ""wanted"" it, and also due to the fact that they immedietly placed a pre-order bonus."
,Recommended,320240,25057581,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kizu The Maid,"Just finished the main objective ,and it was awesome! It took me maybe 6-7 hours, and it looks promising for an alpha! I can't wait to see more. Keep taking your joy pills and don't go off the rails, release a good game. Keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,320240,34598803,Posted: 29 August,all,Candy Danii 💘,"I bought this game and played it before, while it was quite dull and I can't say much about how it is right now (since I refunded this thing) but there is no way I would buy this game now because of their business practices.  A season pass, pre order dlc boIIocks, extra dlc on top of that, a season pass, a upcharge for the game itself, and (get this) a f%$king collectors edition that doesn't even include the sodding game.  Really now? This is what you want people to pay for? And then they tried to hide behind the fact that it's gearbox and that it's some new 'group' that are publishing it, and they need the cash for continuing the game.  Yet then there are games like Darkwood that have no publisher at all, and is made (I believe) by only 1 dude, and it got out of early access, stayed the same price, added a ton of extra content afterwards, and did I mention no publisher? So apparently they need extra cash for a game that already had people buying it, and getting more cash than games like Darkwood were getting. 30 bucks for a early access game is like the limit someone is willing to pay for an early access game, but for 60? Pffft, god no. Steer clear from these shylocks and let them know they screwed it, hard."
,Recommended,320240,24610574,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Handsoap Shimada,"(Warning: Spoilers Ahead)Let me start you off by posing some questions:> Do you like the concept of 1984, The Giver or Equilibrium?> Do dystopian plots interest you?> Do you like a grim survival scenario where you will have to fight for basic life needs?> Do you like quirky TV show hosts?> Do you like 1960s England but retrofuturistic?If you answered yes to any of these questions, you'll probably like We Happy Few. I'll give you a quick lowdown on what I've seen so far.The game starts out with your character (A modest fellow by the name of Arthur Hastings) tending to a regular work day in the town called Wellington Wells. Here we find out Arthur works in the government as a white-collar drone who has the daily assignment of censoring documents that the inhabitants of Wellington Wells deem ""not happy"" (such as anything relating to war, emotions, etc) until he stumbles upon a document that causes him to experience some serious vietnam flashbacks (Not literally, but you get my point.) From there we're presented with two choices if poor Arthur should pop some pink pills or choose to screw the system and societal norms. It's pretty obvious what we need to choose, but I won't say because I want you to make your own decisions. After making your choice Arthur appears to faint for a few seconds, but our boss (A very chipper woman with an eerie mask on that resembles Handsome Jack) comes into our office and claims we haven't been seen for hours (Proven by the fact that nobody has heard any ""whooshing"" from Arthur's office) and suspiciously questions Arthur if he is off his ""Joy""Now you may be asking, what the hell is she talking about? well in the dystopian world of We Happy Few, the furtive residents of Wellington Wells (I call them Wellies, I think the game does too) appear so happy at all times because of a drug they take known as Joy. Incidentally Joy is this games equivalent of fitting in with the cool kids, and if you don't take it they feverishly hunt you down like an animal to kill you because now you're a ""Downer"" and nobody likes a downer.Back on track, Arthur mumbles off that he's snug on drugs like a bug and worms his way out of following his boss to a birthday party for a coworker. Eventually you make your way through the building and find the room the happy coworkers are in. Hooray! they're celebrating with a pinata! Your boss hands you a broom and (rather passively aggressively) commands you to beat the crap out of the pinata. You do, and through a series of unfortunate events everyone in the room finds out Arthur is off his meds and now he's a filthy Downer. Predictably you run like hell from the 60s funny english police (Called Bobbies) and juke into the sewers to escape them.That is basically the intro we have so far, and the biggest story quest I've come across. From there the game becomes full open world and you're free to wander around the world (randomly generated) as you wish. As you do pay attention to the world, there's a lot of lore for such an early access game that I was impressed beyond what I expected. Similarly, both the crap-plague infested homeless person haunt Garden District and the way awesome, super happy but sinisterly dystopian Hamelyn district have their own unique feels, with simple actions dictating how NPC's will react. Do you seem a bit down, and off your Joy? well you're about to have a bunch of masked lunatics on you. Did you just kill a hobo in the street? Basically the same thing but they aren't happy, they're just insane.Now that I'm done preaching, let's get onto the real pros and cons I've seen.Pros:-Pretty well optimized, not a hugely demanding game.-Beautiful (or lack thereof) world that really immerses you, with danger present around every corner.-Survival horror game that doesn't rely on jumpscares, but uses the very world to slowly eat away at you.-1984-esque government and plot that doesn't push cliche's, and portrays itself in a believeable fashion.-The option to assimilate with the Wellies and just take joy at will. I tend to do so just because I like how colorful the world gets.-A quirky, likeable live action actor (It's the talented Julian Casey) who acts as the ""Face"" of We Happy Few and ingame plays the host of a TV show centered around his character ""Uncle Jack"" and how the world is. Julian Casey definitely made this game for me, his facial expressions to his enunciation help to complete the atmosphere of Wellington Wells (and We Happy Few as a whole) and gives the game that much more potential.-Voice acting is pretty on point, specifically for the important characters. (Arthur, Uncle Jack, etc)-The need for hunting supplies is constant, and challenging. You'll always be going after food and water, and you will have to sneak and use your brain to get it.Now onto the not so great.Cons:-The survival system. At first it might be exciting but the stats drop at an unrealistic rate. You'll start to notice more and more that not more than five minutes after you sleep, you'll start to get tired again.-The combat system thus far is buggy, and generally one sided. A lot of your hits simply won't connect and the damage your enemies do to you can seem unfair.-The inventory interface is a tad hard to follow. I'm sure I just need to get used to it, but everytime I open my inventory it's sometimes harder to find what I'm looking for. More than I'd like to admit.-The NPC AI is pretty odd. Sometimes people will freak out and call you a Downer when you're not doing anything suspicious (and on a few occasions even when I'm on Joy)-The stealth system is pretty complicated as well. There's no real indicator of an enemy's line of sight or where they are, meaning you could turn a corner and be walking down the hall and be spotted through a wall. Although some people might like this hardcore stealth concept.And that's all I can say about this game so far. You'll notice I didn't include things like ""Oh there's not much to do"" and ""There aren't many features"" because this game is Early Access, and I know the Dev's will add those. Furthermore, even based off the little bit of the game you get to play (they clearly state at the menu the game only has about 50% of what they want in it) you can easily tell that We Happy Few is more than another cheap money grab. It actually has real potential, and a Dev team who cares. That's why I'm recommending this game. It doesn't have nearly as many features as the devs want, but it's playable and it's enjoyable. It's not even done yet, and I'm in love with it.So if you're willing to spend the $30 (or whatever that may be for you) on We Happy Few you won't regret it. I know I'll be watching this game and going with the Dev's on every step, because this game's got the right stuff."
76561198110587292,Recommended,320240,32278496,Posted: 8 June,all,pat.wall1986,"Buy now for the EA price - then wait until they add the main quest lines IMO. Right now the game feels a little bare.Its also weird playing a survival game that swaps out base building for quests. But it might work once they finish it. Interesting concept, groovy art style, obviously a labour of love.Worth your support if you like survival games."
,Recommended,320240,24737342,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Quantum,"From the very, very short look I've been able to play of this game, I quite like it.  However, as of right now, it is nearly unplayable for me, as my r9 390x apparently can't even handle medium graphics settings without slowing to around 10 fps.  I'm not sure what's causing it, but its limiting my ability to play the game.Would recommend, as long as you don't have the same problems as me."
76561198013068081,Not Recommended,320240,34792521,Posted: 7 September,all,Moon Man,"I bought this game at the start of early access and it already had its fair share of problems but sadly i can see that greed has gotten in the way of developement of this game. As it stands there was barely enough content to justify the previous price but this price hike is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the fact that devs have the ♥♥♥♥ing audacity to effectivly double the price of the game when its not even finished yet. My hopes of this game ever becoming the game we were promised has gone out the window, ♥♥♥♥ Gearbox and ♥♥♥♥ Compulsion games for screwing over the consumer and partnering with gearbox because they wanted to milk more money from people."
,Recommended,320240,25455205,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Crunchy Socks,A game that is constantly improving.Can't wait to overdose again.   10/10
,Recommended,320240,24813898,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,OctoDuck90,"We Happy Few Steam Early Access Review:We Happy Few is a dystopian survival rogue-like game.It starts off in the prolouge that you might have saw ate3 2016. So far at the time im writing this the full storyhas not been released. Then you go into a over-growncity called the ""Garden District"". Once you have stockedup on supplies to survive you can head over to ""WellingtonWells"" which is the main area the game will take place. Thenyou can escape. _-_-_- CATAGORIES RANKED BELOW_-_-_-Graphics- 8-10Sounds- 8-10SoundTrack- 9-10Survival Elements- 7-10Exploration- 7-10Crafting- 9-10Non Buggieness- 6-10Story line(so far)- 10/10Setting- 10/10replay value- 8/10overall: 89/100 (8.9-10)"
76561198148548122,Not Recommended,320240,34390369,Posted: 21 August,all,Boze,DO NOT BUY YET! Ive had this game the day it went on early access and i know what needs to be fix. There is so much bugs that needs to be fixed in this game. My recommendation is to wait untill they release the full game out. Trust me i have 123 hrs. in this game i know about every bug in this game.
76561197987851157,Not Recommended,320240,34790245,Posted: 7 September,all,kingbosss,"I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥better get all the dlc cus i did early acsess way back in 2016, helped your numbers and Iv seen silicon vally dont tell me i didnt help you.ps. positive review pending comfrimation of free dlc."
,Not Recommended,320240,31099390,Posted: 12 April,all,Marcus,"This is a solid game and is unique in many different ways, however I really don't enjoy it. You will be captured by the beautiful environment and fascinating story but the gameplay is just basic.  The movement, combat, and AI all need to be improved in my opinion.  This review may change in the future."
,Not Recommended,320240,34547384,Posted: 28 August,all,Gringorilla,"While the premise of this game is very interesting, and the gameplay is fun most of the time, there is simply too much grinding and artifical longevity in the game. A more direct and structured apporach would work much better. The vast open maps are too empty, and the combat is terrible. The survival elemts are a chore (thankfully you can turn those off, though it feels wrong to do so), and there are glitches around every corner.With that rant out of the way, I still enjoy the game a bit, but in general it feels like a missed opportunity. I even feel bad for not recommending it, as I love original ideas like this, but I can't in good conscience support the game, especially with the crazy new price tag."
,Recommended,320240,31007088,Posted: 7 April,all,Syd·B,I wish all early access releases were as polished as this one.
,Not Recommended,320240,34382293,Posted: 20 August,all,Dzarmer,"Wakey-wakey everyone, it's another fabulous day in Wellington Wells...ehh... is it? Oh, it's your dear friend, Uncle Dzarmer, with a few brief tips that will help you understand, what is up with this game.(I pressed ""not recommended"" because it will drag attention here, i have mixed thoughts about the game, you can read everything down below)1) Price. Let's start with the most important part of the game, it's price. You see, i bought this game as soon as it was released on steam, in my country it was 8-9 bucks so very very cheap. But after they decided to work with Gearbox, the price jumped up to 50 bucks almost eveywhere, and on 13.04.2018 price will jump to full 60 bucks (but the game will get out of EA). But right now it' s 28 bucks in my country. The game has become more inaccessible, people will think twice than they will buy single player survival game in early access for 50 bucks. I understand that it's not a sin to spend 50 bucks on a good game, but is it really worth 50 bucks spending?2) Content. So right now, it's 26.08.2017, the time when i'm updating my review, does something really cool has been added since you put your game on steam? Something that would make me get back in the game, something interesting. No. Every new update i wasn't excited to see something new, because you didn't actually added something cool, i just replayed the game to see the changes you have made. And every time, i played the same exact game with minor changes. Sorry, but No Man's Sky made better updates than you. I know that No Man's Sky is slowly updating, but at least it's making you get back in the game to see what happend. And i know that making a game is a hard job, but you are doing this game for yourself, not for other players. You making the game that you want to play, and other people would pay for your hard work But me, as a player, kinda disappointed. + You said that kickstarter backers (around 7k people) will receive SEASON PASS for free, really?When did you decided to become greedy ♥♥♥♥s, you are selling this game for a price of good triple A title and you want people to buy more content? You said that there will be 2 more characters? So, open all the cards, how much will you ask us to pay for these characters?3) Tech side. Back then this game was empty buggy, laggy and unfinished, but with interesting concept. I loved the atmosphere, i loved this Retro Futuristic city of alternative England of the 1960s, and i was exited. As time went they've been releasing more and more updates for the game, adding\changing stuff, fixing bugs, improving performance, etc.And now it's august of 2017, game released on steam on 26th of july in 2016 what do we have here? Still laggy, still buggy (check my screenshots of WHF for that), still have some performance issues (check tests online), still unfinished. More and more we are getting the games with spectacular visuals, great soundtrack and voice acting, with good story, but without actual gameplay. But your game has no story and gameplay.4) Graphics and animations. However, this game looks amazing. Textures have good resolution, all the visuals like sunshafts, shadows, lightning, post processing looks very very good, you got my respect for this. + Animations are good as well, super detailed and they look gratefully. World looks better if you take your joy, walls and roads will be covered in paint, it will add some more colors, effects, change sounds, and graphics just become better, but, if you are happy on drugs, are you really happy?5) Story, map and quests. There is no story, because it's an EA game, just a bunch of quests with bad unsatisfying ending, 5 islands (cool right? no) 2 of them for downers, 2 of them for Wellies and 1 more for the ending. They made 2 first islands big, they have zones (first a small amount of ruined buildings which you can loot, second is the forest with a lot of quests are randomly spawned enemies, srsly, do not go outside at the night, there are A TON OF ENEMIES) So you just running around on this useless big map to find items and quests that can get you in the Village where you came from. In Village, some more useless and boring quests to bring you on the final island, and at the end.....nothing special. Some new ones i can actually call quests, they are rewarding, interesting and sometimes you have to think about them for a while, but there is very small amount of them, sadly.6) Addition to map. Oh, and most important thing is procedural generation..more like random generation, literally. Shortly, objects are simply generated in each other, and not just flower in the bench, its building inside the building, random wall on the road, NPCs that just doing nothing but standing IN each other, ON each other, or just close to each other without movements, simply another building blocking the only opened window that should lead you inside for the quest. Be ready for this sh!t.7) Epilogue. Remeber that it's still in early access, so i leave this choice of buying or not buying this game to you, my dear reader. You can just do what everyone else is doing, buy the game and may be you will have a splendid time (hey, you can still refund it) and if you don't, its one less mouth to feed. I think this choise is the best fun of all!!!"
,Not Recommended,320240,34781926,Posted: 6 September,all,LittleGloomyOne,"We hapyp few, A crowd funded game had such promise, and then it Drank Triple A poison so now we have a bs pice hike, Collectors editions, cut up content via the season passes, and of course pre-order crap.  Thanks for stunting the greatness of a once promising game that was free of such uneeded crap."
,Not Recommended,320240,26084027,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ＺＮＡＫＥ,"I really liked the whole concept of the game. I know it's early acess, but there's a few things that urked me like, and seriously annoyed me in the game.Pros:1. If you like running arround simulators then this is the game for you.2. It's like an orwellian nightmare.3. Interesting graphics.4. Intro was freaky deaky...Cons:1. Days seems waay too short.2. Barley any story in the early acess. (Not like I expected any tho)3. Seemed somewhat repetative, and the generation of the world seems really wonky, and almost takes you out of the immersion because the world seems too big for what it should be, it's hard really have a sense of where you are besides the compass.4. Very confusing, and wonky combat.5. Hunger, and food deplete waay too fast for a survival game. It also takes you out of immersion.6. Really annoying repetative voice dialog. It doesn't have enough things for them to say, and they keep saying the same things over, and over, and over, and over. Either just cut the dialog when  running arround, or make lots more dialog variety.In conclusion i'd wait for this game to mature a bit before buying, because the pricetag to me isn't even close to what it should be. I'm sure this will be a great game if it's finished, and polished. For right now I think it's a bit lack luster, and doesn't really have anything there. It's boring..."
76561198070220372,Recommended,320240,24662813,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Keestram,"This game is absolutely amazing! The underlying meaning is great, the gameplay is fun and challenging. Needs some work, but honestly great for alpha. Better than most games are when completed.Pros:+Easy to control+Challenging+Doesn't babysit you through quests+Encourages exploration+Funny lines+Slightly differing map each play through+Quests are interesting+Great look and feel+Multiple ways of completing gameCons:-Sometimes certain items for quests won't spawn as it is RNG'd in-NPC's are a bit cooky at times-Time (in my opinion) moves a bit fast-NPC's sometimes randomly freak out at you-Yam wouldn't stack-Maitenence Drawers will despawn items stored in them in bunkerNeutrals:-+Gas?-+Some items are scarce/plentiful depending on RNG spawning-+Sometimes storage can be a bit low, but I guess it is a survival game-+Little story given (full story coming soon, it says)-+Subtitles don't work super well-+Some quests are wastes, however, I guess that can be a punishment system (don't do every whim random people want)-+Can't stay in 'Joyville' for too long, otherwise your run out of water and risk overdosing on Joy. Makes game challenging, but can be annoying when you are trying to finish a hard quest.This game has been so much fun, even in the 12 hours I've played. I plan on replaying it every update to see what's new! Also, to the people saying the survival bars are too hard, they aren't if you know how to manage them. Also, to the people complaining about inventory expanders not being found, I completed a playthrough without using any. It was difficult, but I did it. That's the point of survival games, you have to be skilled, but luck helps.Water: Need 2 cantines (100%) every 24 hours.Food: Need 100% every 24 hours. (5 apples, 2 1/2 potatoes, 4 mushrooms, 2 stews, etc.)Rest: Need 8 hours every 24 hours. (You can even rest in other's houses by knocking them out/killing them and locking them in a different room. Or if the bed isn't used.)Joy: Joy will decrease your need for food and water while active, but when you come off of it, the side effects cause faster hunger and thirst. The more joy you've taken, the faster it depleats until withdrawls stop. Make sure if you are going to go through withdrawls, you are stocked up on food (LOTS of fresh food in 'Joyville' houses) and are near a water pump.Health: Health will decrease from damage. It will regenerate with sleep or medical supplies. My favorite is Healing Balm. 25% health for only 2 leaves.Tip: Fighting, Sprinting, and Jumping will cause you to need more food/water. Not sure whether or not it increases need for rest.Plague cure can be found after finding the recipe from either picking up the items needed, or from the bunker on the second island. Just for all you newcomers!"
76561198109801641,Not Recommended,320240,34471887,Posted: 24 August,all,ɴᴇxɢᴇɴɪɴsᴀɴɪty,"How the **** did an indie title claim to be a Triple A game? Oh wait, they went with Gearbox.Well done, youve ****ed over yourselves and your Ex-loyal fanbase."
,Recommended,320240,24701612,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Troy Bolton,"I really enjoy it actually it's fun, It has some bugs (It's an Alpha version so this is not that bad) but nothing game breaking, performance it's really good i'm running it on a 970m and there's no issues for me, for the gameplay it actually has more stuff that I was waiting for because of being early access, It's another survival game with needs like sleeping eating and everything and I enjoy some of the quests, if you die you start over and sometimes the quests are repetitive but they'll be adding more in the future and I'm looking forward to it.Maybe it lacks of some stuff right now but the devs are going to add some stuff so nothing to worry about because even with the missing stuff I enjoy it.Pros:-Looks really good in it's cartoon artstyle-Takes some time to figure out everything and you don't advance too quick-Nice craftingCons:-A little repetitive at some point when restarting-Lack of stuff (the devs already said they are adding more stuff, also it's an alpha version so nothing to complain about)Neutral:-It has some bugs (It's in early access and it's an alpha version so that's why this is neutral)-Sometimes hard-It takes you time to get used to some things"
76561198066792738,Recommended,320240,25455158,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kuzco,"Only just started this game, but gee it gets you hooked instantly. Good crafting system and detail in the game is great. Gets your heart pumping.9/10 so far"
,Recommended,320240,24544510,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,basically god,Now to make an actual review on my 6 and a half hours of playing and while it's not even done.I can fully say that this game is bomb. It actually lived up to the hype that I was wanting it to. A combination of challenging yet easy enough for casual gamers.Lemmie get the bad things outta the wayCons-A major thing that happens that a lot of side quests won't let me proceed through it or won't let me give the items that are needed to continue. Main quests are okay though.Kinda ties with the first. Won't allow me to give items to those to trade or to proceed through certain quests when I clearly have the item they want.Some places such as certain places in the map will get you suck for a certain amount of time/ spam the space key.Kinda hard to find things like money unless you go to specific locations and money is used for certain main quests.Dunno if there is places I can earn money but so far it isn't working out.Pros-Sick gameplayAmazing art style and graphics that sorta reminds me of bioshock to some degree which is certainly not a bad thing.Drugs are good for you kids! Kinda.a nice little crafting system.Neto weaponsA survival type game with an actual objective.A place where I belong : With a bunch of loony bins.And there is a lot more just play the game it's sick in a literal and metaphorical sense.10/10 would take happy drugs just to live with a bunch of weird sickos.
,Recommended,320240,25602501,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ramadan steve,"I posted about this game a couple months back and I would still say it's a 10/10. This game continues to make great improvements along the way. Even the concept has blown me away since I day I started playing it. The devs have come a very long way, and I'm sure they are going to just keep making it better and better with each update. My expectations are high, and they'll stay up there for now."
76561198231844596,Recommended,320240,25022339,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lapreea,"Fun stuff... Do some drugs, feel down.... Do more drugs, see a rainbow only to murder the town & hide all the bodies in bath tubs.... Do more drugs."
76561198049266489,Not Recommended,320240,24592067,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jamie Thompson,"I've had to stop playing for one simple reason.I love the story and the idea but the game falls flat.I can sum this up in one word. Potential.It will get there I hope and I'll come back to it, for now I do not recomend.EDIT:The introduction is amazing. The out of the rabbit whole idea. The dramatic entrance into the game, into a bunker and the voice of uncle Jack. It then feels like as we leave the bunker we fall and hit our hed being transported into a poorly made survival game."
76561198064434403,Recommended,320240,24921477,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Link10103,"It took a surprising 6 hours for me to ""beat"" the game, which I personally find to be impressive considering how barebones the developers are making it currently sound. About 3 hours on my second run, which was much sped up by skipping most encounters.Is the game CURRENTLY worth 30 bucks? I wouldnt say so. But as you get to where the alpha ends, you are told  everything you played was a small part of one characters story, and from what I understand there are 3 different character stories to exlpore in the full release. Ultimately I think We Happy Few will be worth the $30 when it sees its final phase, maybe even more so. It seemed a little different than most survival/exploration games out there, and for a kickstarter project its certainly well done even in its alpha state.I was going to wait until a possible price drop, but after playing it as it is now I wouldnt be surprised if the price actually increases alot as more content comes. If you're impressed with the trailers they have here or playthroughs you've seen others do, you should definitely give it a shot. Its basic enough to where you arent completely lost, but difficult enough to where it isnt a walk in the park. Be warned, it does have its share of issues, even after its balance update."
,Recommended,320240,25036406,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,dysfunctional,"Drug Simulator, teaching kids not to OD since '16seriously, one of the best purchases i have made in a while, active dev team and an absolutely great game."
,Recommended,320240,25053752,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Haculite,You don't recommend this game?Have you been taking your Joy!?DOWNER!
76561198116636327,Not Recommended,320240,24579556,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,moosecadet777,"After playing this, I am left in dissapointment. While the intro of the game is exciting at first (basically what you see in the trailer), you are pulled into something with high expectations and ultimately left wanting more from a game that poorly recreates what most other games have done in the past.The ghrapics resemble that of a creepy cartoon atmosphere which at first is nailed spot on. The people you come to interact with are frighteningly positive and upbeat, while rocking 60s fashion and white face paint. After completing the intro you are thrown into a world that is grim, and depressing. Upon taking the drug called ""Joy"" you can change the atmposhpere of the game around.Combat is unfortuantly stiff, repetative and unimaginative. You are able to craft some of these weapons and loot homes and other places to make them, but this is unfortunatly not enough to hold the average person over as far as innovation in games go. Fighting someone in the game is tiring and boring, taking away from the excitement and the NPCs, while indivdually named, for the most part all look alike when you are in the slums portion.Ultimately you are paying 30$ for a game that is there with no complete storyline and while i must give this the thumbs down, I know there is room for improvement, seeing as it is early alpha stage.Maybe down the road my opinion will change but for right now, i was expecting alot more for 30$, not the whole thing, but alot more. The idea of the game is great, but the atmoshpere can get boring after a while and the combat is needs some serious overhaul. This is all just my opinion though.Sorry, but I must say that I am a ""Downer"""
,Not Recommended,320240,24548463,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Eiya,"Kind of hard to play this game when I have to sleep, eat, or drinke very five seconds."
,Not Recommended,320240,34348146,Posted: 19 August,all,REDDIT RICK,Pretty sure the COLLECTERS EDITION FOR 150 USD is well worth the price.♥♥♥♥♥♥off Gearbox.
76561198000710280,Not Recommended,320240,32072239,Posted: 30 May,all,MonkeyHarris,"Really, really wanted to like this - loved the Sixties aesthetic, The Prisoner call backs, the self-depreciating British humour. BUT…after a great intro level the game dumps the player in a very dull open world map with some ropey combat and survival mechanics. It then gets all very repetitive all too quickly.  One for a deep, deep sale only."
76561198010934381,Not Recommended,320240,34358488,Posted: 19 August,all,Scominggregor,This reminds me of no man's sky. A crappy indie game at full AAA price.
,Recommended,320240,28835143,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vox,"Great game, looking forward to seeing how the storyline develops."
76561198043840880,Recommended,320240,24542320,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bipolar Fish,"Eh. Cool atmosphere, cool ideas (it is Bioshock-esque). I love the style and asthetics. Actual gameplay isn't bad but it's kind of like having someone hand you a notepad covered in scribbles and then ask you to ""solve it"". Then you're sitting there, thinking what the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to do with these scribbles. I got bored after I scavenged the 10th house. This has a lot of potential and I'm going to play it more but so far, eh."
,Recommended,320240,24544503,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nuln Oil,"2.5 hours in review.I'm very much in the early stages of playing this game but I can already give this game a recommendation at the current time.  However there are the expected teething problems that can be found in an 'early access alpha'The Good.Great Atmosphere - The game is set in a dystopic alternate history Britain in which you play as one of the few relatively sane people left. The world can be best described as Nineteen Eighty-Four meets The Prisoner meets brave new world meets a dark reflection of THX 1138.The general population is kept drugged up to the eyeballs on a blind euphoria inducing drug called 'joy' through a mixture of peer presure and brutality. Those that dont conform are cast out and left to die in the garden district. The starting area for the game.I need drugs NOW! - The unique mechanic of this game is conformity and blending in. If you dont fit in with the people around you then you are going to get chased down and probabably slaughtered by the public itself let alone the many other threats of this world. Needless to say if you arent popping as many pills as your peers, it's only a matter of time before they take notice and try and give you your medication.. or more likely a skull fracture.. That's not saying you cant fight back if you think you can take them on however..It's beautifuuul - This game is a treat to take in visually. Words don't really do it justice, even the bleak garden district is still a nice to look at. Thanks Unreal Engine 4!The Bad.BUGGY MESS - Yes this is a temporary problem and the point of an early access alpha. but there are buggy quests. buggy button prompts. invisible hostile NPCs... so yeah maybe wait on that purchase on this alone..Micromanagement - The inventory works in the tried and testred 'resident evil 4' way, with larger items taking up more space. What doesnt help is that everything in the inventory is the same light blue tint. It really makes it difficult to manage and  maintain. and you will be picking up stuff CONSTANTLY to survive. The crafting is extensive and intresting but to the point it becomes convoluted. Some colour coding and streamlining would go a long way to improving all this.Survival - ehhhhhh... hunger and thirst and sleep are what drive the player forward in this game. It's the classic survival fair and though it makes sense. it is distracting to have to juggle these three balls along with finding your way around the streets and progressing. I can just about deal with it but should the game ratchet up the difficulty any further this distraction is probably going to get people killed over and over to the point where they may start to hate this game.This game shows a lot of promise. needs to smooth down it's edges and iron out it's kinks however.I really hope this game doesn't get forgotten about like 'sir you are being hunted'"
,Recommended,320240,24740826,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Blurry Face,I LOVE the idea of this game. I 100% recommend this game if you like dystopian settings and survival games.
,Not Recommended,320240,35074859,Posted: 19 September,all,.Gazno,"Good game, bad publisher.increased cost = pirated game"
76561198072620544,Recommended,320240,30082535,Posted: 21 February,all,Jockoven,"Still many bugs, alot of mechanics dont work for me still, i can't seem to finish alot fo missions and i have tried and failed 6 times now to finish the game but bug and world generatrion stopped me, why haven't i quit yet i don't know i just reall\y like everyhting about this game and simply cannot wait for the completed game to get released."
,Recommended,320240,26421776,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dude Cakes,"This has got to easliy be the best Early Access Game I have ever played. I love the game the way it is. Really fun, really creepy, and does a great job of balancing the survival aspect with horror. Great game, can't wait to see the finished product.5 out of 5 lumps"
,Recommended,320240,24978517,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MotherofSephy,"This game is currently unfinished, yes, but don't let that stop you from enjoying it nonetheless. I have now accumulated over 24 hours of gametime and I'm still enjoying it, finding new encounters and fun things. A lot of my enjoyment actually does come from some of the unplayable bits that will be removed later, so I suggest playing it now while it is unfinished to get these fun bugs and glitches. It's amusing seeing a large empty world and just wondering what it's going to look like when it's finished. It gives the imagination something to look forward to. What comes after that brief 'campaign'? What will this quest look like once it's finished? What will be the rewards for completing these parts of the game? Will this empty part of the game be explorable later? Who knows? It opens up a great community of discussion amongst the developers and players whenever suggestions are given or bugs are reported. And believe it or not, the developers listen to critcism, complaints, feedback, issues, what-have-you. They are listening and care about making this game worth the money. Don't think you're spending a lot out the gate for something so unfinished. You are helping an indie team develop an excellent title and they are worth supporting and the game will be worth the price when finished. Heck, I got $30 worth out of it as it is."
76561198171649187,Not Recommended,320240,24567355,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Scoutie,I suggest getting this game when the story is completely finished and it gets a decent story. It's not worth 30$ YET but in time it good be. It kind of seems like a dayz or rust. But in time it could become a great game. I like the humor and etc but right now the story isn't rich.Overall: 5.5/10
,Recommended,320240,26006603,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Maskedviper,A 60's drug trip through Dystopian Britian where things aren't always as they appear to be...
76561198024954178,Recommended,320240,26094274,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,JashDCG,"Wonderful game full of quirks and character, the prologue part of the story that is playable gets its hook in you hard, and leaves you wanting more."
,Not Recommended,320240,34443495,Posted: 23 August,all,AnEvilElephant,Loved the game but gets boring with no real objective apart from escaping. Feels like a demo in a sense and with this new overpriced version for not even a finished game is a really bad move.
,Not Recommended,320240,24576495,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,iBenParry,"Oh this is tricky, because I can see that this game is going to be amazing in this coming year, but in it's current state, it isn't acceptable. The world you play is completely beautiful, I love the setting, the NPCs (However, a more RNG needs to be added to them), how taking Joy affects your perception, it's great. However, the gameplay mechanics are quite clunky right now, which yes, is expected and I could look past this easier if there was more to do in the game right now, but sadly, there isn't.The game right now consists of you doing side quests, in hopes of getting to another island. However, these quests son get repetitive and boring. You either are required to craft something, or find something they desire and having to do that for an NPC gets too repetitive after only an hour of playing.The combat is rather clunky at the minute and needs work, but again, that's expected due to it just releasing, as well as the hunger/thirst and sleep levels need adjusting.I really want to like this game, I've been looking forward to it for months, but in it's current state, I do not recommend you buy it. You will get bored really quickly and get lost in a world where there isn't much to do. Play it smart, wait till it's out of Early Access and then invest in this game, because it has a lot of potential behind it."
76561198057195546,Not Recommended,320240,35482597,Posted: 4 October,all,WBG*JBK,"Oh, man. I was looking forward to being able to give a solid positive review of this game......You really F___ed up, Compulsion.Way to drive away a potentially MASSIVE player base.Shame on you.Bottom Line - Save your money for supporting a classier kind of development team."
76561198173571314,Recommended,320240,33429172,Posted: 10 July,all,annygirl80xx,"A very unique game, with a good storyline.It is challenging to get the stuff you need early on because of the random generated maps,But once you get there it's worth it.Can't wait what this game has yet to offer."
,Recommended,320240,29770935,Posted: 7 February,all,Melliflua,"To put it simply, I love this game.As soon as I saw it on Kickstarter, I knew I would have to play it, and I bought it the moment it went into Early Access. I've been playing it periodically to track the progress, and each time I come back to it, I notice new little details. To start with, this game is gorgeous and ridiculously detailed. The aesthetic reminds me of the BioShock series (except not everyone is immediately out to kill you), and it has a similar exploration/scavenger feel to it, though we don't have the storylines to play yet. Even then, I've spent hours just walking around Wellington Wells, gathering food and supplies, and taking in the amazing environment they've created. We Happy Few has more of an emphasis on stealth, gathering, and crafting, with unique survival techniques for blending into this ""joy""ful society until you can ultimately make your escape."
76561198164570184,Recommended,320240,28313257,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,HORROR OF SCREAMS,"DEAR DEVOLOPERS, i hope you make this game great of your dignity and i hope you can fix all the bugs / i found more bugs so i hope you can fis them and thank you for the game it's really cool thank you guys :D"
76561198001243446,Recommended,320240,28102333,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Death,"Excellent game!As others have said in the reviews, this is what an EA game is supposed to be.Even though it is EA there is quite a lot you can do atm.many main/side quests.Things to work on;-Some quests and things are bugged, so you cant complete them (eg; yam).  Some missions (eg; mysterious chest) spawn for me everytime I walk past the chest even though ive already opened and emptied it.Loot balancing - played 3 different games;-1st game didnt find any inventory/pocket/weapon expansions.-2nd game found 1 pocket expansion.-3rd game found 6 pocket expansions, then in the room right as you finish the game there was a weapon slot expansion.-still havent found any inventory expansions.-lowering suspicion; even if you're in a fancy suit and on joy, everyone is still suspicious of you... though you do seem like the suspicious type... would make immersion better (at least from my perspective) if you blended right in whilst on joy.Overall, very well put together game.  Even though its fairly short atm (main quest line), I would buy it again at its current full price."
76561198236379206,Recommended,320240,28260769,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Slimyfrog,"Just to start, this is my first review... This game is very good in it's current state; it's creepy, weird, and just down right addicting. With the new update it has become more in depth and involved. There's a lot to do, tons of things to craft and use and it's different every new game you start. It's like Bioshock and whatever your top favorite survival game is had a baby. I can't tell you anymore than what the trailers have already so buy it and enjoy your stay at Wellington Wells... Don't forget to take your joy, nobody likes a downer!"
76561198174582053,Recommended,320240,24733290,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,D1zzy,"This game is outstandingly fun, but it lacks the in-game help tutorials for missions, or the objectives, the days seems way to o short to enjoy snooping around the vast world making it pretty difficult. Some parts of missions seem bugged. With all the items in your inventory being without color it makes finding your way almost impossible, the game is really fun I promise but there seems to need some work that make it some what un-fun due to not knowing whats needed to be done next in order to complete the mission. The compass that shows you pin points of interest (houses, abandoned houses, missions, wells) is also so near sighted it makes it annoying to constantly look around for your objective."
,Not Recommended,320240,24557172,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Great idea and concept, but gameplay/plot/quests/crafting/fighting system/etc. are too tedious and boring. Another walking simulator."
,Recommended,320240,28708910,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Most Mind Fracking game out.First off... Runs nearly perfect on any pc. Just check drivers and understand sometimes there are crashes, but you loose nothing.Secondly, Their transparent layout, planning, community interaction, is sublime. The are the benchmark for any game maker to mimmic. They are absolutely fantastic on every level.Now for the game;Clown Faces, Sprinters, Freaks, Drinks, Jerks, Perks, Drugs, Beatings, Grazings, Hazings, Ravings, Cravings, HOLY SH*T!I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself twice, both freaked out and laughing. Mixed emotions to the brink of insanity.The game is well programmed, written, and delivers an immersive Orsen Wells (Google Orsen Wells, a legend) type enviorment. You will be so captured and caught either looking, watching and forget your not supposed to be out at night ect ect... while trying to get out of an area for what they call ""Downers"".It had me experience every emotion from panic, to laughter. Stress to chill. Frantic to Relaxed. Never staying in one mood too long for it to be comfortable.If you like games with terrific artwork, that run smooth, that will be an Early Access Game absolutely finished, that needs and deserves the support, then buy it without question.There is plenty to do from exploring, crafting, puzzle solving, to just the intensity of watching everything.Play to stay because you won't want to quit playing and will want to know what is going on just a bit more down the road.The VERY POSITIVE reviews they have received, every bit earned and still going.9/10 on every level."
76561198040596197,Recommended,320240,28407625,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Latarielle,"I had a ton of fun playing this game, and I'm very excited to see what story mode brings. I did encounters several game breaking bugs, but i do understand that the game is in early access and these will likely be addressed before full release. Definitely looking forward to whats to come!"
,Recommended,320240,30621884,Posted: 19 March,all,Moxxi,"Love it! Love Everything about it!!The art, the story, the EVERYTHIIING!!!!!"
,Recommended,320240,24544371,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kahspiller,War.. War never changes..But drugs do..In the effect they have
,Recommended,320240,24548744,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,"Influenced by Orwell, Burgess & Huxley. What's not to like?"
76561198125082369,Recommended,320240,25230582,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Smithy Winfred,"Its kind of bare bones right now, but the developers are very good about letting people know exactly what they are doing, and they really respond well to feedback from players.  Its a game I'm happy (no pun intended) to get in early access to support the development of a really good looking game."
,Recommended,320240,24654936,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,xmoses8080,>Be me>A downer>goes to the happy part of wellington wells>roams around the city>sees a downer detector with a guard>wears shirt disguising myself as a fixer>reverses the polarity while guard is at the other side>Nothing to see here>Happy citizen passes and sets off alarm for not being a downer>Guards and citizens start beating him up and sentries are shooting electricity at him>Watches idly as the rest of the guards and citizens pass the detector>Sentries keep shooting the people passing through10/10 would cause more chaosIts a great game overall but due to it being at alpha stage some quests are still buggy though like faraday's lab quest so i had to kill the quest giver to get the key from him but overall still its a very good game
76561198158815714,Recommended,320240,24724375,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,thundertank39,"hey, so I bought this game, I really like it there are some elements that need to be fixed but overall i find the game charming, one who plays though must understand the awesome power that is the cricket bat, anyway i made a let's play of it on youtube here is the link to the second video and in my opinion the much better onehttps://youtu.be/N7qA_nhFgXA"
,Not Recommended,320240,24574345,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,licker98,"I can't recommend this gameright nowas there are a few mechanics that need tweaking and there is a permenant DoF effect, which I hate. Why should my character be short sighted?Anyway, the main annoyances (for me, anyway) are as follows: the speed of which a day goes past, the speed at which you become hungry/thirsty/tired, and (I only played in the first island) the disapointing lack of buildings to go in and explore. It's also very hard to find the right things you need.I had to espace the island that you started on and I wanted to see what the upmarket island would be like, where I would have to take joy pills and stuff, but unfortunately, I would have to get there before the two hour period so that I could actually get a refund. I had to make a padded suit so that I wouldn't get rekt by bees. I couldn't find any tough linen. And then I had played for close to 3 hours. And then I refunded the game. And then I wrote this review. And now I am sade. :'(I hoped that this game would be super new and be realistic, in the fact that you could go in nearly every building and you could talk to people and loads of other stuff that you would do and be able to do in real life. I guess I hoped a little too much. :(Also, the first 5 minutes of the game were the most enjoyable and that's not really something that I should be saying! The whole game should be just as enjoyable.The atmosphere is spot on though and has an authentic feel to it. It's captured, perfectly, how it would be to live in a dystopia like that.I have refunded this game, but I'm tempted to re-purchase it and give it another go."
76561198055373425,Not Recommended,320240,24573776,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Faded Ink,"A game I was chomping at the bit to play upon its reveal - only to find it a disappointingly cobbled together vacuum of gameplay and ""story"", substituting the alleged linear style narrative showcased in the trailer with a sparsely populated open world map full of unrelated collect-athon side quests.Now before any supporters of the game attempt to leap behind the shield of 'it's in early-access', know that even with the game in Alpha, the glaring design errors are primarily to do with the very fundamentals of the game, and stick out even in this bare bones build.The story-driven experience promised in the trailer? Gone - wrapped up in a five minute prologue before dumping the player into a barren open world map filled with virtually nothing. This bait-and-switch tactic immediatly gives of an air of dishonesty, with the promise that a story mode will be released in the next 6-12 months doing little to compensate the lack of substance.Gameplay wise, it is the usual clutter of crafting and floaty FPS melee, topped with a token eat-drink-sleep system that depletes so quickly the player barely has time to explore between rushing from water pump to bed.What story that exists is of the lowest, most tedious kind; dumping an endless cycle of fetch quests on the player with only the barest efforts at constructing a story-relevant reason to justify wasting the players time (case in point: the player is confronted with a locked gate, an NPC leans out of a window and demands they bring him  honey to pass, which spawns as an item SOMEWHERE on the map, with no map markers. Why does he need honey? Becasue he's CRAAAAAAZY!)Overall, for a game that attracted such initial attention with its quirky setting and Bioshock/Orwellian themed story, the end result (even taking into account the usual ""it's only an Alpha"" excuses) is a lukewarm nothingess, with neither story, gameplay or even a competent combat system to recommend it. Avoid.Short of scrapping the entire project and restarting from the ground up, no amount of patches or tweaking would revive this deeply confused game."
76561198207302797,Recommended,320240,31716608,Posted: 12 May,all,ever_green23,Can't wait your next update. so long time I haven't played any game for so long time.THIS IS COMPLETLY FOR ME.Do you have any plan to add some female player character too?I just can't wait. I love your game. I'm still waiting!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,320240,33002112,Posted: 29 June,all,omny96,This game is amazing! Just can't stop playing it because there's always new content to have fun :D
76561198138772715,Not Recommended,320240,34435808,Posted: 23 August,all,Catbeard,Brought on Early Access and tbh I have been waiting for it to reach it's retail release to really dive into it. The project was looking promising but I can't say I'm pleased with the Gearbox partnership.I'd advise people to take a wait and see approach with this as currently the game (still in early access) has issues and the price increase doesn't reflect a notable quality ('Triple A' as they put it) increase. I hope that they live up to what they promised but it seems bleak at best right now.Add to your wishlist or follow to see what comes of it.
,Not Recommended,320240,24581108,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sir Dox of the Silly People,"You're way too needy on food, water, and sleep.Difficult to find suppliesCombat is okayThe devs will fix it eventually. Get the game later."
,Recommended,320240,24616182,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zephkiel,"The simplest reason for recommending this game is that there's simply nothing like it on the market.  The gameplay is relatively generic in terms of survival (eat, drink, sleep, heal, permadeath, etc.), but the style (similar to Bioshock), your character's remorse when taking others down, and the messed up differences between the drug world and the real world (the ""pinata"" you're bashing is actually a live creature) create a unique atmosphere like no other on the market.The ""horror"" tag is a little misleading, having neither a creepy atmosphere nor a collection of jump scares, however there is certainly an aspect of horror purely in what you're willing to do to survive.  I broke into someone's house and engaged in a vicious brawl where I accidentally killed two occupants (knocked them off the stairs), and since I was losing the fight I pulled a weapon (again causing fatal injuries), and once I'd defended myself I went upstairs and smothered the remaining occupants (thankfully, unconscious).  All the while my character is pleading forgiveness and saying how much he liked the people I'm attacking (""I've always liked you, I'm sorry!""), and all to collect my spoils of a few rotten pieces of food and some duct tape.  As I walked out of the building, someone ran up to me, and I responded with a sharp blow to the head.  Were they coming to attack me?  I have no idea.We Happy Few is raw, unafraid of dark subject material (where I laid my friend's body to rest by dumping it in the grass outside my home), and an introspective view of how we as a society treat ""downers"" (the stigma of mental health and depression, and the need to be happy all the time).  And for those it captures, it may just horrify you how far you're willing to go to survive in this game."
,Recommended,320240,31383532,Posted: 26 April,all,ThatAverageJoe,I can finally take a ♥♥♥♥ ton of drugs and the cops won't give a♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,320240,24542841,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Grypho,"Very good climbing system, quite advanced AI, crafting system and really realistic in atmospheric sense. Bodies attract flies and wrong kind of food can give you a food poisoning.I would recommend it so far."
,Recommended,320240,29151335,Posted: 9 January,all,Cosmonaut Doggo Farmskins.com,"One of the best survival horror games of the modern era, truly creates the feel of a surreal dystopian past despite still being somewhat realistic.while the game may still be in alpha, and the current content is limited, i have full confidence in the developers to continue to improve the game, cant wait for more story especially"
76561198039723688,Recommended,320240,24559449,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,I'm Probably Batman,"""Don't worry, there are no mole people here. This isn't London."""
,Recommended,320240,28967612,Posted: 2 January,all,Sorrow,"If original Bioshock mechanics and mechanics of DIshonored somehow made a baby it woud definitely turned into this game.Before i start my review i just wanted to say that this is THE BEST early access game i've have ever played (and i played ALOT).True my entire playtrough i just coudn't shake off those ,,bioshock vibes,, that have been putten into the game.It will follow you from the start to the very end of it.Amazing storyline? Check.Outstanding atmosphere? Check.Beautiful dark themed graphics? Check.Inovative gameplay? Check.Creatively implemented survival aspect? Check.Im a big fan of Bioshock and yet im hugely disappointed in Bioshock:Infinite.Why you may ask?Because what we've been showned on e3 2011 demo has nothing to do with the final cut.Now, why am i keep writting about Bioshock in here?Im doing so because this game delivered what Infinite hasn't.The world of WHW is dark,beautiful,depressing and yet at the same time colorful and full with *joy*.The inhabitants of it are drug addicts corrupted by their own system.Those who get their daily dose are the happy and colorful ones while the ones who are out of it are the downers.Happy ones have their own well established area with a secured jobs and often self made stress relief activities while downers are out of the district, throwned behind the gates of the paradise city to rot in the garden bay, slowly losing their mind bit by bit as the time pasess by.The atmosphere of the game gaved me so many vibes from the movies as well.Movies such as Equlibrium, Fight Club and Requirem for a dream.I've never been hyped for an early access game before but this one just might turn into real masterpiece.It's the best hidden gem on steam i've encountered so far.Worthed every penny!PS: i will be changing this review with every new update...."
,Recommended,320240,25526662,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Slugger,"We happy few has one of the most interesting settings and gameplay for a game, that combineds into a fun and interesting experience.Would recommend!==Game will be 50 dollars on launch, as of now i think its worth the 30 but 50 is a little steep.=="
76561197971429789,Recommended,320240,25404235,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bobcat,"Oh this is lovely. This is really wonderful. A jolly, happy romp through a blended up mixture of The Prisoner, 1984, Strange New World, Paranoia, and a few other dystopian settings. It has quest elements, but it's very much a survival game.Each region has different challenges. In some, food is plentiful, but other supplies are cripplingly low. Others will have lovely shiny things for you to steal... but very little to eat or drink. And fitting in is important. Look shabby in the shabby areas, look spiffy in the shiny ones.And don't forget your Joy."
,Recommended,320240,28405055,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,OATS LOCATED,"OK... here me out, the devs are actual gods among people and deserve no♥♥♥♥♥♥from anyone, secondly, it takes everything good (thematically) about the bioshock series and combines it with a survival/stealth/horror/hide-in-plain-sight style game beautifully. I have got 24 hours as of writing and still havent gotten to the end (i have permadeath on all the time) this game is still not boring. the devs kill it on the production value in all faucets of the game and supporting material. They havent made a perfect game by far but a highly recommendable one and people dont get that giving a bad review on a game with SO MUCH POTENTIAL (its over 9000) do not help turn it into the game that its meant to be. ♥♥♥♥ing killing it devs, keep up the good work."
,Recommended,320240,24546429,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Prestige,"UPDATE 7/27/2016 @11:02pm////////////*There is actually a lot more content in the game than i previously thought with multiple (At least 4) Different bridges to cross to get to different sectors*FPS is a real issue however if you put the settings on high and drop the post processing you should be able to atain a relatively stable 30FPSPRO'S///////////*Challenging*Incredible art style and enviroments*Some intresting game mechanics*Good lore/story (what is currently present)*Diverse area's*Good amount of content present at the start of early access*Procedural/Random generation of enviroments = unique playthrough each timeCON""S///////////*A few bugs and glitches (You cant really complain)*Still a lot of key content missing (i.e the story)*REALLY CHALLENGING especially with the food and thirst mechanic + Permadeath*Inventory management is a nightmare and it's something you HAVE to do*Combat a bit clunky and some impossible enemies (Although that part cound be by design)MY OPINION/////////////////////////We Happy Few is one of thoose diamond in the rough games. As an indie game,even though its only just hit early access, it has a remarkable sense of polish already. That being said though dont expect a large amount of content story wise. So far there is only the prologe to one of the characters (As seen in the E3 2016 Demo), and some backstory in the form of letters and notes. However the mechanics of the game, such as survival (Food, thirst, health, joy and wether you are sick or not), combat are for the most part fully functional (I imagine as more content is added, ranged weapons may be introduced). As of writing this review i have logged about 5 hours into the game, and i am still trying to escape the starting area. That is either a sign of me being bad at video games, or (This is what i think) there is enough content in here so far to keep you entertianed for a while. For the record there are 3 Islands (Areas) which each have a different set of quests and enviroments. To conclude I would throughly reccomend this game if you dont mind bugs (As its early access there is bound to be a few present) and the fact that you may have to wait up until a year before all the content is in the game.8.5/10UPDATE 7/27/2016 @11:02PM///////////9/10"
76561197980372335,Recommended,320240,24742114,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Francis,Great game. As with most early access game there are bugs but as it is still in alpha I assume much work will be done to fix the bugs and add the rest of the content.
,Recommended,320240,25119242,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kazuin,"I love this game, I cannot wait to see what else comes"
,Recommended,320240,25840423,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,vickielockie,"For an Alpha Game made by a small company, this game is briliant. Already living up to it's name as a psychological thriller/survival, with the small amount playable at the minute, it really delivers an experience that I haven't been able to match as of yet. Can't wait for the new updates, different characters and storylines."
,Not Recommended,320240,34395158,Posted: 21 August,all,Sky,Game saved over a glitch/black screen. Unplayable saved game...wow...
76561198061110066,Recommended,320240,24606605,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TheOneTrueMorty,"We Happy Few, so far, is a very promising game! after having made it to the three main places that are in the game right now, I'm happy to say that each of them posses a unique culture to them. Even the two zones that have the same theme both feel unique in the way that the residents interact with you.The world is so interesting and mysterious that it really drives me to want to play it for hours on end. I can not wait till there is more content. I feel like this game is a fantastic mix of the exploration of Skyrim with the themes and dystopian enviroment of Bioshock. the game can be a bit clunky at times (it's alpha so who cares right?) but ultimately i got exactly what i was expecting from the game; and that is a unique mysterious world with all sorts of ways that I can interact with the world as a character.I would definietly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration and dystopia. I ussually have issues keeping up motivation in exploration heavy games but the loose quests given and events that pop up provide plenty of stucture without putting the game on rails. In fact, I find myself with clear goals but pleasently lost. I feel like i always have enough direction to find what i am looking for but i also dont feel like i am being given the answer.My only complaints about the content that is released at this moment are pretty minor:-the inventory system is very bulky and hard to navigate (adding tabs would make a world of difference.so like having a medical tab or a miscellanious tab where stuff like bleach or metal bits are)-the journey is very long and can get repetitive for this to be a true rougue-like. I wish that more was different when you started over or that progression could be made and carried over in some way to make the progress that you had made in the previous life seem significant.-I wish that more would change overtime in the zones. as it is they feel relativiely stagnant. i think more random events should trigger and then go away. I feel like things like ingredients and food should repleat in the zones over time instead of just being depleated forever. it makes the world feel too much like i am the only one who can affect the world."
,Recommended,320240,24566032,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Slam My Spicy Spagooter,"So... We Happy Few is a good game overall, I think. At least, if you look at it on a purely conceptual level. It's got some good yet simple survival elements, and can be very difficult. Permadeath is a real challenge, and it's very entertaining. If you don't want to read through the things they can improve about the game, I'll say this: If you like this genre, the game is worth buying. Hell, I'm not a big fan of survival-type games like this, and I still enjoy it. However, there's a few fundamental problems that show through after getting to the 5th or so area.So what are these problems?The game is fine when you're in the first few areas before you reach civilization. You do some missions, scavenge for materials, and try to gear yourself up for the next area. Each time you spawn in a world, the first area gives you two question options. Once you play through it a few times and learn how to get through each of the two, you can clear the first areas of the game within a few minutes with no difficulty whatsoever. This is really nice if you're like me and enjoy the challenge of permadeath, makes starting a new run much less frustrating. The problems with this game start once you get past the gate and into a real town, filled with people who are actively on Joy.In the main starting area, you get a safe house. This is essential to being able to sleep and keep yourself alive. The storage container in the safehouse is also very handy for keeping spare crafting materials for different weapons and things of that sort out of your main inventory. And your inventory does fill up VERY fast at times. However, after the first safe house, I couldn't find another one. I'm not sure whether there just aren't other safe houses in the game, or I just couldn't find it. Either way, it's frustrating and annoying.It wouldn't be as big a deal if you didn't need Joy to get through all the gates and get back to the starting area. In addition, when you sleep in a bed in a stranger's house, they aren't too happy about it. This makes sense, but gets very risky in cities due to the fact the authorities will be alerted on top of the residents of that house. This will result in many deaths that just feel frustrating and undeserved.On top of that, crafting materials can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get since they randomly generate each time you load up the game. Sometimes it'll take a solid 15-30 minutes to find one component to craft a weapon you want when you have the other 12 or so components already. This is a somewhat minor gripe, but it's frustrating nonetheless. This sort of leads into my conclusion on the game: The survival aspects are cool and all, but I'd kind of prefer if this was a linear single player experience with the same design. I want to know more about the story, and while that story hasn't really been developed yet, I don't feel like the game will do the best job of doing it even when it does come out. It's hard to maintain a linear storyline when you put a survival horror spin on the game, and don't have any noteworthy character development in anything but the prolouge cutscene. The dialouge from other characters doesn't make much sense, and most of the quests have no motivation other than kill this person for this reason, help this person for this reason, or get to the next area.Overall, I'd recommend this game if you want to scratch that survival horror itch. The moment to moment gameplay is solid, the stealth feels good, and the crafting isn't overly complicated. However, if you're looking for story focus other than a cutscene at the start, this isn't the game for you. At least, not in it's current state. I'm interested to see if the developers prove me wrong and put an immersive, meaningful story in this game for the player to experience. (Also multiplayer would be nice, I'd love to play this co-op with friends!)"
,Recommended,320240,24546165,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nusaka,"Please note, this is an early access title. If you looking for a completed game, then come back when it is in full release, or help it reach full release by play testing. If you aren't willing to do that, then don't buy it or complain. Read the early access disclaimer.For people who don't like to read: This is a funny, dark, unique survival game. If you've ever wanted to play in an Orwellian nightmare simulator, this is the game for you.Long review.Arthur sits at his desk at his job at the Wellington Wells censorship bureau. His job is to redact subversive items from documents like newspapers. While going about redacting information, Arthur comes across a document that begins to trigger a traumatic memory. He is given a choice: Remember, or take his Joy. Joy is a drug that changes how one perceives the world. For people who are on Joy, the world is a vibrant, happy place where next to nothing is wrong.But for people who aren't on Joy. the Downers, the glossy and pretty veneer is peeled back, and in Arthur's case, it is pulled back violently.Escaping from his work after being discovered, Arthur finds himself living in a cistern. This is your home base. There is a safe, a bed, and a water pump to quench your thirst and refill your canteens. From here, the procedurally generated world is for you to survive in.Pros:-Graphics. The visuals in the game are both distinct, yet familiar. If you like Bioshock, you'll like the look of Wellington. However, the graphics change based on whether or not your character is on Joy. When you are, the world is bright and colorful. There are rainbows in the sky, and Arthur has a bouce in his step. When you aren't, the reality of the dystopian city is revealed. And that reality is a dark, moody, rundown cesspit.-Gameplay. As of now, the gameplay is fairly simple. You scavenge for supplies, like food, water, and crafting materials. While doing this, you must blend in with the rest of the world. Characters will react to actions that they feel are out of the ordinary. Wastrels will react negatively to more what we in the real world would deem as ""regular"" behavior. The more proper members of society will react negatively to wastrels. It is simple, but it adds a layer to the survival aspects. Combat is also fairly simple, but it feels more realistic. Getting ganged up on is pretty much a guranteed game over, unless you can escape. But one on one, or even two on one should be no problem if you've got some experience with FPS games.-World. Wellington is an interesting and detailed world. Whether you're hopped up on Joy, or downing in the dumps, the city is delightfully dystopian. The detail is outstanding. The citizens also add a beautifully insane feel to the world. Some just wander the world mumbling nonsense, while others will ask you for help.Mixed feelings:-Story. As of right now, there is not much of a main storyline. There are tasks you can complete, encounters to discover, and quests to solve. Other than that, there is not much. There is a certain amount of depth to Arthur, the Player character. He is someone who, coming off Joy, is experiencing the horror of reality for the first time. He is scared, yet determined to survive. He comments on the world, and the people around him. He feels like how one would feel during a situation like this.Cons:-General early access bugs. So this game is in early access, so there are going to be bugs. That is expected. So far, nothing seems overly game breaking, but there are some things, like the survival aspects that seem either a little bugged or at least seem to be unbalanced. In a couple instances, I would drink until my thirst was quenched, but then my thirst meter would dip to three quarters full a couple seconds later.-Lip syncing. In some scenes, the lip sync is off on the dialogue. This isn't overly problematic, just a little immersion breaking.Overall, this is an excellent early access title. Just remember, this is EARLY ACCESS! It is not a completed product. If you aren't willing to drop the money and then help test the game, either stay away or don't complain."
,Not Recommended,320240,35494163,Posted: 5 October,all,Noob-Noob,Why did this need to be yet another survival game? And why does it need to be $50 in early access? God damn.
,Not Recommended,320240,24565384,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,OhNo!OhMy!,"I would not recommend this game in the state it is right now. The first few hours are really fun. But then it just turns into running around trying to find rng items to move to the next area or survive.Wait, did I say run? No, you will walk everywhere because running uses up so much of your stamina and you'll get hungry and thirsty incredibly quickly.Still pretty buggy (I know, EA, yada yada).The first 10-15 minutes where you are playing through the story and set pieces are really well done and super fun. The rest of the missions are just fetch quests so far.The way the game looks right now is that it is going to turn out like dead island...which I also didn't particularly like.The procedurally generated stuff doesn't really appeal to me since you are still just run...walking around looting houses to solve ""quests"" so that you can move on to the next section. I don't know how they can improve on it but playing the level again is just tedious right now.This is a game that I think I would really recommend to just wait for the full release because if they can make that first 10-15 minutes of the game flow more into the actual game then I would love it. I just personally would have rather waited for the full release I think. I'm still going to do another run (walk) through without permadeath on and see if it is a bit better but I don't have high hopes."
,Not Recommended,320240,25190674,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Seduce Me!,"This game in its current state is not worth buying. It has a lot of potential, but most of it is either unused or wasted at the moment.This game should not have been a Survival/Crafting simulator. Period.The real strongpoint is the story, the characters(somewhat), and the world. Sadly the story is basically abandonned after the amazing intoduction, although it will be in the final game. The developers really need to decide if the completed game will be a story driven adventure or a eating, sleeping, and survival sim. These two gameplay elements seem to clash horribly. All you want to do is go explore the world, but you're contantly bogged down by ""surviving"". And yeah, its one ofthosegames, where you play as a narcaleptic hypochondriac with diabetes. You will need to eat like 6 meals a day to survive, even if you hardly walk anywhere. Which means your inventory must be stocked up on food and water constantly. Most of the food is rotten anyway, so you'll need to carry around a bunch of anti-nausea pills to boot.Speaking of the inventory, It is probably the worst single mechanic in the whole game. You start out with about 20 blocks you can put items into. Some take up more than one square, but you can expand your inventory by finding a rare expansion item. You will play for literally 5 minutes before realizing you have way too little space for what the game expects you to carry. I'm not against forcing the player to make tough choices about what to drop and what to keep, it's just that when quests require picking up items or carrying another set of clothes you get screwed by the tiny starting inventory. It makes for a really frustrating juggling fest to keep neccesary items on hand. Once you're lucky enough to find several inventory expanders it clears up, however. Once you get all that sorted out you can finally explore the world and characters freely.Sadly, the Devs have chosen a very kiddish way of character design. Its so blunt and off putting that it totally kills immersion. The NPCs in this game remind me of Bioshock 1, all they say or do is go ""LOOK HOW CARAZY I AM!!!!"" NPCs will wander around saying ""London bridge is falling down"" or ""I remember bread"" way too often. Theres about 10 different phrases they say if I remember correctly, and they get said all the damn time. Who the heck even say ""London bridge is falking down"" anyway? They might as well make every character run around shouting ""God Save the Queen!"" and make every item tea and crumpets. Its just ridiculous. They really need to tone down all the crazyness for the random starving bums on the street.I havent spent as much time in the actual city of Wellington Wells as seen in the intro, but to me its the most interesting part of the game. This is mainly becasue off of the quests so far are scavenger hunts to gather itmes needed to cross over, and I usually starve or lose my save from crashing first. When I do make it I usually die shortly after anyway. A huge problem with this game is that it's really boring once you've seen everything.Wait until the Christmas sale to buy it if it still sounds like a great game to you. By then its hopefully more developed, It shouldn't have been realeased so sparse and frustrating. I really want this game to be great, Its so unique and I really hope the devs pull through. I can see Uncle Jack becoming part of video game folklore when this game really takes off.UPDATE: I have since beaten the game and my review is the same."
,Not Recommended,320240,34388346,Posted: 20 August,all,Davinxi,"Interesting Art Design & Concept, the rest is sadly meh.Do not pick up for > 15$ at current state (Early Access) as of this moment this is not much more than a proof of concept.Still hoping we'll see it improve and developers addressing the issues raised by community.Would recommend lots of free beta / alpha weekends until we get to the finish line."
76561198098560724,Not Recommended,320240,34381858,Posted: 20 August,all,Chaz,"TL;DR: Do you recommend this ""extended demo"" (game)? No.Well, as of this update (Gearbox publisher 16/08) I can't recommend the game for the price it is right now, 51€ for this is just stupid as ♥♥♥♥:Already encountered some bugs in the new playthrough that I haven't seen in previous ones, and the new inventory system... I don't know, it's not bad, but I feel like it could be better. It just feels clonky at times.Well we now have different tabs for everything and increased stack size but they could have just added the latter in the previous one and it would be better, everything you had was there as you wanted it organized you didn't have to go through the tabs to find it, not a big deal but now you are over encumbered all the time (at 100/125 not sure wtf that is all about I'm guessing at 125/125 you just can't move).Graphic-wise I don't think it's improved at all, in fact I think it's badly optimized at the moment. In this rig I used to run it with medium to high settings with 40+ fps. Without changing my previous settings it just made my head hurt with 20 sometimes less fps, and with everything on low (except resolution) I don't even get more than 40 fps so yeah."
,Not Recommended,320240,24550176,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,General Kenobi,"Survior's log:-Day 36, still looking for pipe valve=====================================EDIT=====================================After looking at videos, I figured out that my 4 hour playthrough is just broken. GG=====================================EDIT 2=====================================Yes, it's true that this game is VERY buggy, but also true that it is procedurally generated, and in alpha (Despite being available for months; (and costing $30)), but is barley decent enough with what it is now, JUST MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING INTO, this game has a similar art style to the Bioshock franchise, but if the Bioshock experience is what you think you will be getting from this, you will be sorely dissapointed. This game is a (puzzle?) survival game, WITH PERMADEATH, and some kinda bad ""quests"", that with my experience so far, can be broken with the addition of the procedural generation, that to be honest, serves no real point, as the explorable area is too small to really make that much of a difference. The combat is pretty clunky, partly because this game attempts to market itself as having a stronger story, which mind you, goes no further than the E3 2016 trailer.Overal; this game is not worth $30, especially in the state it's in now. The PR seems to be decent, but I would reccomend that anyone who wants to purchace this game look to YouTube playthroughs to make or break their opinion. If you do decide to pick it up, I would reccomend buying it off some third party site where you can get it cheaper, or, be safe and use Steam so that you may be able to refund it."
,Not Recommended,320240,24547913,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"As an early access game, this has some of the best potential of a game I've ever seen. However, there's simply nothing to it after the introduction. I ran around aimlessly, nearly dying of being tired, hungry, and thirsty. The game has some glitches as well. As it stands from this point (day 1 early access release, early alpha stages) I cannot recommend it, but given time I will probably change my views. I love the ideas and concepts. I hope this game does great things and I hope everyone has fun during the development process, but I have to pass and get a refund for now.EDIT: Not sure why, but apparently people are not finding this helpful. Is it because I do not recommend the game and people are simply being ignorant? Honestly the game's good for what it is, just not recommended to get FOR NOW especially if you like stories in games...because there is none after the intro...I'm going to be following the game in the next year, and once it makes its way to 1.0 I may grab it again."
,Not Recommended,320240,34422654,Posted: 22 August,all,Brolaire: Mean bully,"I can't even begin to fathom where to start on this. I had several hours of fun with We Happy Few in its inital early access phase; sure the game felt barebones and the price was a little high for what we got, but it's early access, surely we'll get our moneys worth eventually, right?No. The devs have decided to partner with the disgusting, seedy disgrace of a publisher Gearbox, whose continued attempt to hold IPs like the Alien franchise under the water until the bubbles stopped, and the blatant lies and deceptive nature of Randy Pitchford should have been GIANT, BLINKING RED LIGHTS warning them NOT to get into business with them.Now here we are. We Happy Few is now double the price (for me, at least. Its almost 6 times the price in other regions) and not only that, a DLC season pass was announced. For a game not even out yet? How can anyone buy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t these people are trying to fling? You, what, got the game kickstarted, decided to get MORE money out of a publisher to ""broaden the scope""of the game, and yet the price DOUBLING wasnt enough to broaden the game? You had to add a season pass onto it? Don't even get me STARTED on the ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY DOLLAR COLLECTORS EDITION THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE THE ACTUAL BLOODY VIDEO GAME.It's an absolute shame that something that genuinely interested me when it was first shown off at E3 has stooped to such pathetic levels. I hope the extra cash is worth it, because i'll be damned if I ever trust these developers enough to pay for one of the god damn games again. Much less kickstart the bloody thing."
,Not Recommended,320240,34389671,Posted: 21 August,all,glitch.,too expensive ahahah
,Not Recommended,320240,34764831,Posted: 5 September,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,Refunded it after trying it when it first came out.Now the new price tag ensures that I ain't ever picking this one back up again.You need to beat Witcher 3 in content to justify that price mate.
,Not Recommended,320240,24549631,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Totallygeeky,"This game gets added to the very short list of games I've ever returned.The world is charming, the dialogue... quirky, if repetious (perfectly forgivable at this stage), and the ambiance appropriate.What I can't forgive is the feel of the gameplay and what's on display here. Maybe it's just me, but I found the game's systems wholly unintuitive and frustrating to engage with. On top of that, the movement feels clunky and ill fitting, and the combat system tacked on.Add onto that a suspicion system which I couldn't decipher, a quest system that belongs in 2004, and an inventory screen that was more of a hinderance than a help and you get an experience I can't recommend. Perfectly plausible it will be worth it later, but for now, I'd say We Happy Few is not worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,320240,34423108,Posted: 22 August,all,liamaustin7v,"Gearbox - a company who buys a small, up and coming early access game and doubles the price. Hopefully they'll see sense and reduce it again, this game should be maximum £29.99, and that's in a polished and finished  state! Great concept, ludicrous pricing.This game has a greta feel and art style. It is very individual, and has so much poteintial. I don't doubt the final game will be fantastic, but it is priced as a modern AAA game and does not feel worth as such."
,Recommended,320240,24553561,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Muffinking2000,"At this current point in time I have played just under an hour of 'We Happy Few' and I am happy to say that this game has great potential.The world is well designed and the characters are unique in their own rights. Obviously this game is in early access which means it is currently lacking the full playability element at this current point in time, however there are still small quests and a small portion of story line to follow.I look forward to seeing what comes out of this in the future and it is clear that the developer team has worked exceptionally hard to make a game that people will love."
,Recommended,320240,24542955,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PotentialPotato,Choked out everybody in the village and stored them in my basement.10/10
,Recommended,320240,24565829,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jäger,The blokes in the Negative review section are clearly off their Joy...I say we give them a good thrashing. ~
76561198058411440,Recommended,320240,24542691,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,N1GhT,Bioshockstylish-survival-storytelling-immersive game.One of the most surprising games this year!
,Not Recommended,320240,24729403,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Hatash,"As someone who purchsed this game in it's early days. I still love the game, but I can no longer recommend the game anymore due to letting Gearbox Publish it and the price getting doubled for...EARLY ACCESS... Oh, it's 15% of $60? Screw you, publishers."
,Recommended,320240,24684064,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tee The GraveWalker,"I would say it's decent for a game...looting items is pretty scarce due to it being randomly generated everytime you start a new game (which i say is a neato game feature) the combat in this game is pretty balanced, when you block at the right time you can counter attack at that opponent but people in groups can be fairly deadly to you when you don't have the right equipment. the crafting in the game is pretty straight forward, scavenge items from breaking in homes or searching from chests or objects then use it to craft weapons and etc. survivng is pretty harsh in the game but you'll be needing to progress further to get nice durabililty weapons and sweet loot...hearing me ramble about the game play but here's the story in my opinion:You are Arther Hastings slowly remembering something horrible to your brother or friend in the past that made you downer. As a downer, you'll have to survive  a dystopian drug induced world. So, Don't forget to take your Joy~ ;)"
,Recommended,320240,24662447,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,RODDYGINGER,"Nothing much to the game now, still fun to run around and beat people to death though"
,Recommended,320240,24672085,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Laces G,"pretty fun game.  feels like a bioshock type game.  im enoying it so far and not buggy or glitchy for me since its early access, theres one thing that i wish would get fixed and thats the getting hungry, thirsty, sleepy so fast.  i know thats the point of the game to have these items and sleep in order for it to feel survival.  but, it just comes wayyy to fast it seems. but all in all its a very fun game and really good. im enjoying it very much. with so many survival games on steam that i wanted to try out, but didnt all because its mixed with pvp and all im just a solo player so none of those games would have worked for me.  but this is perfect. open world all to myself without getting ganked on pvp from other players."
,Recommended,320240,24690038,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,WeeDiuX,"Everything is good so far except for day/night cycle & Hunger/thirst systemTime goes quick so fast .. you try to steal whatever in the targets house, you get out its nightgoes to other two houses then it's morningcharacter gets hungry, feed him bread and steak, 2 minutes later this ungreatful B**** is hungry againGood game and can't wait for full version but silly problems that's kinda ruins it"
,Recommended,320240,24676878,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bird,"After reading alot of negative and just dumb reviews I'd really like to clarify the quality of this game in a more clear perspective. After years and years of gaming, I can easily see this game is going to be great even before it's completed, and done even in its current form. Why? Let me explain.Pros :D-Qwerky, unique atmosphere(It gives a very interesting vibe that makes you WANT to explore, in a place where it caters to your curiosity)-It poses a challenge(This game is hard, and it's one the hardest titles I've honestly ever played! It makes you think and REALLY play it safe)-It's simply beautiful!(The game is stunning, with some graphical glitches here and there but simply gorgeous by all meaning!)-It's fresh(It doesn't go off the vibe of alot of survival titles out there. You're not constantly sh!t on 24/7 but still makes you not be able to finish the game E Z P Z right away. You need to actively look for stuff and know how to stealth.)Cons D:The graphical glitches occasionally! Yikes, the streets don't have correct corner textures!Side quests feel very dumb and useless alot :( Like why do I have to worship a yam? I'd like it if the side quests felt like something and had more substance and meaning!Combat sometimes feels a little too simple, we need more combat manuevers and things we can do! Also more weapons!Story is simplistic right now, but the devs will expand on it soon!Game is short, it's completable in probably 5 hours or even less if you know what you're doing.________________________________________________________________________________But outside all of that, it's a great game! Why would I say to buy a early access even though thats more of a scam scheme on steam then a actual thing? Because holy CRAP is it fun, and what it lacks in can EASILY BE FIXED and ONLY PLAGUES IT BECAUSE IT IS IN ALPHA! I mean I ENJOYED this alot and it's only in friggen alpha stage! Now that's a good game! I becken try this game out any chance you can get! :DGlitches so far!!!!! :(:(:(- Mrs. Faraday is not inside her steel cage and was in her room below near a dresser! I didn't make it uncompletable as a quest but it did sound odd when she says she's trapped but is clearly able to just walk away!"
,Not Recommended,320240,24581213,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,icey rayne,"Bought this game before the publisher upped the price to a ridiculous amount. I was following it dev blog after dev blog, it looked so promising. Now they decide to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the players and up the price to 51$. No thank you. I wish I could get a refund, because this game isn't anywere near worth its current price. Disgusting. Gearbox, you should be ashamed."
76561198156249753,Recommended,320240,24944410,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ScReAmInG@TrEeS,"need a few more tweaks, some frame drops here and there, but super excited to see it release with story line. <3 keep up the awesome work guys and gals.OOOOOHHHHHHHH MYYYYYYY GODDDDDD i just finished the alpha x_x wtf BIGGEST TEASE EVER i cant freaking wait so excited. love love love, to all the devs, i will say there were some bugs like when i had to help the campers in the middle of the night, when i talk to his wife her face morphed and looked crazy, also the car pieces you have to get, i had to buy 1 because i think! (think) one glitched out cause i got hit. but i bought 1 dropped them on floor picked up and was able to continue,also wehn i got to ""Joy Town"" when i went back i couldnt pick berries or flowers they all despawned, dont know if that was the way it was intended just trying to give my feedback. hopefully yall see this. so much love for the game guys 1,000% recomend it, love the sureal creepyness, and being a downer is the best xD"
76561198016485986,Recommended,320240,29070178,Posted: 6 January,all,jforsaken1,"I have only played the game for 19 minutes and I can already tell that this is a well made game.  My first impression; the graphics are very nice and colorful, the game runs smoothly, my controller works flawlessly, the voice acting is first rate, and  there is a level of detail that makes the world feel very immersive.  It is simply one of those instances, much like a really good movie, where you know in the first few minutes that it is going to be very good.  I will update my review after I have played more, but I wanted to encourage those of you who are following the game or have it in your wishlist to just buy it now, I don't think you will regret it."
76561198322965791,Recommended,320240,25523620,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,noobytrooper,"Very impressive, for a game that still needs to be completed. Only problem I'm having is that the game keeps failing. It keeps closing. And now it does not respond at all."
76561198050856816,Recommended,320240,24558299,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RX-7,"We Happy Few: Imagine Dishonored but open worlded. The game dosen't have graphics, it has art. 10/10I am already enjoying the open world can't wait for the story now!Your able to loot and be stealthy so it's really addictingYour able to take drugs that make you happyThe hunger and thirst will force you to loot moreregen is low making it hard, this forces you to approach differently in different situationsTheres always a new experience no one will have the same experience its all unique everytime you dieYou are able to interact with npc'sSome houses are full of traps and are sometime forces to go around them unless you disarm themDoes get dull but its really easy to get around (side quest or just explore)-If your able to pick it DO IT!"
76561198085220076,Recommended,320240,26024776,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DOGCOCK,"great potential, buggy atm, looking forward to final release"
76561198097548944,Recommended,320240,25958078,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mr Bean,Story seems to be very cool and hooking you into a larger tasks.
76561198171668161,Recommended,320240,25974593,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ImAtrueLegacy,"I loved the game playing it for hours on end and it has great mechanics and crafting but its still a little buggy so i might have what i need for a mission but nothing happens when i talk to the damn guy. killing people in the game was fun because you could attack one guy then have a horde on you. with all the wepons and bombs, i wanted to kill hordes just to use them, but my safe was always full and every other storage container in my safe house was full too. ill loot the houses so much that when i go to loot a house for some stuff i need to beat the game, the houses stoped respawning items so i couldnt beat the game in forever. the backround of the game was amazing and cant wait for the full release, im definatly going to play it again when the full game comes out"
76561198107919944,Recommended,320240,24549603,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,JimboNumbers,"In early access, this game is a base building / survival sim at its core.  The main story campaign will not happen until much later.The atmosphere is the best thing about the game.  It is spot on perfect, and you always feel like an outsider... a horrified onlooker helpless to save these wretched souls.The gameplay is scavenging and basic combat.  It is not polished nor exciting.The structure of the game is to move up in society by escaping from island to island and eventually to the mainland.  You do this by passing quest hurdles.The real enjoyment for most lies in the promise of the game ahead.  Buy in now to support if you can, but only if you want to visit the atmosphere by playing a less good The Last of Us."
76561198054124411,Recommended,320240,24548561,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,jstan,"The Good:1.  Gameplay is immersive and fun2.  Lore, so far, is great3.  Procedural maps make the game more interesting, cool, and annoying at times.4.  Optimization is fantasticThe Bad:1. A lot of the ""procedural"" aspects are cool, but there doesn't seem to be that many options for buidlings and people so far.  That's fine, as long as updates keep occurring, which the developers said would happen.2.  Food, hunger, sleep, and weapons need to be fixed.  They all deplete waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too fast.Reasons to buy:1.  The combat is easy to figure out, but the AI are good fighters and don't just stand in one spot.  They actually move around and try to flank/corner you. So if you are being attacked by a group up three or more, you will probably die very quickly, until you figure out how to properly fight them.  Yes, they will jump you.  They are smart.2. I don't care what anyone says.  When I first saw that E3 trailer, I thought about Bioshock.  That was enough to sell me the idea about trying to survive against crazy drugged out luncatics.If you like bioshock, buy this.  If you want to wait a little while, that's fine.  Enough said."
76561198104035658,Recommended,320240,24549471,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Anal?,"this game is amazing, yes its bugging but its been out for a day what do you expect.i had little hopes for this game but my goodness it's absolutely beautiful.the way you have to survive is a fresh take on the survival genre, and i couldn't be happier.well worth the 29$i easily recommend this game"
76561198061873189,Recommended,320240,24547426,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,josh,This game so far for me is pretty fun.  Price tag is a little high for an early access title. Game has a quite a few bugs and takes a little time to learn how to play and learn the flow of everything. Id say its worth the buy if you have the money.
,Recommended,320240,24547386,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Most Nate,"Good start but needs to fix a lot of balancing issues.. Food, hunger, and sleep gauges decrease too fast and weapon durability should be addressed as well.Map needs tinkering as well being the compass doesn't show much of your surrounding POI's.Many weapons break after crushing one enemy.. Would be nice to smash a few more before disintegration.Atmosphere is off to a great start and the potential for the story sounds awesome.. The Orwellian censor machine at the beginning was awesome and disturbing. Just gotta take your Joy is all...Mmmm... Delicious... Joy... Need more.."
,Recommended,320240,24558617,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheNeoViking - TTV,"Having played a few hours I decided to write my very first review on this game.With a few caveats I shall mention at the end I would indeed reccomend it.Set in a dystopian alternate reality past England, We Happy Few has a very nice style, reminiscent of Dishonored and Bioshock. The game allows you to ""play your own style"" as it were, however it still forces you to do some things, such as take the Joy pill. I have yet to be able to play drug free yet, as at some point the game ends up forcing you to need to take it, unless you dont want to stealth through drug free, as some machines have the trap boxes on the wrong side.""Conforming"" consists of either drugging up with pills, or constantly hitting ""E"" on every single person you pass. AI bugs seem to appear where instead of this Joy-filled city, residents take to screaming downer at each other quite often in the streets and mob killings become rampant. Also I feel like you should not be caught out at the shopkeep when not on joy, as townsfolk will accuse you of being a downer in shops and attack while selling goods.Quests can be buggy, where some AI have attacked me for standing near to the Quest giver, and attempting to either talk to or give him/her what they need. Some have been completely unfinishable requiring restarts, as once I had the item, I could not then turn it in.Combat is pretty fun, and I enjoy the fact that I can knock people unconcious rather than kill them, as that sort of breaks immersion for me when I am stealthing.Story as of now is nonexistent outside of prologue stuff and some quests seem standard.Crafting is pretty good, with items in your stash counting as usable materials, and oftentimes recipes being unlocked fairly frequently, granted some have been bugged for me occasionally.All in all I would reccomend this game if you are willing to help find bugs and  mechanical issues. Otherwise I would wait until further patches or a sale.Pros:Combat is quick and often excitingStealth has its momentsThe crafting system is handy in that items in stash count for crafting in field.The bit of story we get is interesting and I cant wait to see more of itThat house of curiosities is very... curiousCons:Occasional bugged questsBugged AIJoy pills don't last very long (lore wise should last all day, whereas the smaller dmt pills could last a short while}Unfinished storyNo options to play a less ""survival"" type game (no food/sleep/drink requirements)Some weapons seem to break way too fast"
,Recommended,320240,25338937,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,YATSU,"SO. Let me shed some light on this cluster♥♥♥♥. I sat down in my chair after waiting about ten minutes for this game to download to my steam. From everything I saw and read about WHF you could tell that I was beyond excited, so waiting wasn't a big deal. However, the moment I loaded up the screen after reading the Alpha information, I was presented with two options that were both ""on/off"" selections. One being perma-death, and the other having to do with a death re-spawn that would have you back in a safe location, but your health was severely low. Fine, fine. I leave permadeath on (♥♥♥♥mylife) to test just what it meant by that, and if it would really end the game if I died and force me to start over.I load up the game and am presented with an opening cutscene, quite unlike any I've seen before. The emersion was instantaneous, even without the graphics being top-tier, and I was hooked on the environment that you began in. Upon the cut-scene, there is a singular option to make, 50/50 split, and thusly, I made my first RPG decision.The game ended. I had lost, after loading up the game for less than seven minutes.ONWARD! I load it up a second time and take the other route, and make my trip into the land of Happy, and from there, is where my true opinion was created.WHF's graphics would steer people clear due to its repetitive background and texture design, as well as the survival cinematic it presents. I.E, you have to eat, drink, sleep, and ensure you don't get sick or catch the plague - while avoiding authorities and fellow peers. They are action sensitive but easier to hide and run from. It's hard to have the entire town riled by you, even if you break into someone's home or strangle the in the street. Just run. A second mild annoyance is the repeating dialouge, that doesn;t at all make sense, but we all know that it's the entire point. What may also annoy the player is the ever-ringing of the phones in the phone booths.Secondly, I think there is more collecting to do than there should be, no matter how terribly convenient for you as a player in this sort of slums you live in. There's no reason i should be vigourly sprinting through fields, gripping boquests of life saving daises. There are two main bridges that lead to separate areas as well, but there are literally more than eight side quests, and reoccurring quests that appear every new day. Did I mention the game runs by seconds? Every second is a minute, and I maxed at 8 days. Let me tell you why.After thoroughly surveying the environment, getting to know the crafting and medical gear, as well as deeply exploring the first location you are given free-roam to, I decided to do some quests. They were silly, and reminded me of Fable in the sense of goofy tasks for serious profit, but all was well. I finally discovered a way to get across one of the bridges to enter a new area, and was H Y P E D. Unfortunately, this is where my story ends. The moment I cross the line into the new area, before even reaching my third loading screen after 3 hours of gameplay, I stumble into a dead body right outside the gate.BOOM.Infected by the plague.I wandered around for about a day or two until it finally killed me, before I could find the cure for it. The credits rolled, and I was at the loading screen, forgetting that I left it on permadeath.10/10 would play religiously."
,Recommended,320240,24548150,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Modest Machina,"Despite being in early access, the game feels like it has a lot of it already completed. That being said, it does need a bit of work in terms of content and streamlining, and one could argue that the pacing is a bit off when you first start, though once you get into Wellington Wells, the game becomes pretty intense with the player having to micromanage much of their stats and balance conformity with trying to reap the rewards of the town's citizens. Taking Joy becomes more and more alluring as the risks of getting caught as a downer become higher, though keeping in mind that having a Joy withdrawal can be a life-or-death situation in terms of how rapid your stats decrease and how quickly everyone catches onto you, the game quickly becomes a match of risk versus reward, one that works well in contrast to the positive, easy-going visuals.I'm not sure I'd say it's currently worth $30, though I feel if the developers actually make the game to its full potential and tweak some of its weaker aspects, it could be an immensely fun and immensely unique survival game."
,Recommended,320240,24567480,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Aerotonic,"Personally, I think the game is pretty good as it has a good amount of things to do and is also very fun. However, you can clearly tell that the game isn't done yet. Still, the audio quality and game music are both great features, the graphics are good enough, and there is a new randomly generated world everytime you start over so its not the same world over and over again. Its fun trying to survive, complete quests, find loot, and fight crazies! The game has some semi-depressing points but thats just the setting of the game so you get used to it pretty quickly. I recommend this game, its a good game, but its not done so its not the greatest, yet. Worth 30$? Probably since they are going to add a lot more content and the price will raise in the coming future (6-12 Months)."
76561198276898668,Recommended,320240,25813480,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Billy_Mays_Bruh,of course i would recomend this game from what i have heard from the community but if you buy this BE WARE BUYERS YOU NEED ONE BEEFY A** COMPUTER
76561198104089191,Recommended,320240,25290940,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"This game is crazy. Literally. Or maybe its just me? No, its not me. I am fine. If they would only stop crying.. I still hear them you know???But that aside. Ahem. This is truly a well fleshed out EA. But the BUT in this, it is very incomplete. I am totally happy with what is here, it is catching. There is a lot to do, a lot to explore, craft and mess with. The only thing that would really make me advise caution to YOU is, you only get one possible character of the three. You only get the first chapter in his adventure. With what I have seen / read that is no fear for the future.. the Devs are working away, but its not like a lot of EA that slam the idea of the whole game.. but leave out tons of things. This goes the way of fill ( mostly ) this starting point.. give you a good taste of most.. Honestly.. I like it that way. In this case especially. I ve not even ventured from the starting area yet, and I ve found LOTS to do, and entertain. From crafting and exploring, to ' bringing ' home new houseguest ( read knocking them out and kidnapping them over my shoulder to be my new friends )I can only see this getting better. The future also promises procedural maps.. which already add an element of fun. No two adventures lead down the same roads.. literally. Your also, even now not on rails. Pick your way. ( minus the very start setup of course.. you need to rail your way to the why all this is going on for you )Meanwhile, if you feel down, and bothered by the current EA state.. take your Joy. All will be well."
76561198015110704,Recommended,320240,24546805,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lone Shepherd,"Forgot to took my happy pillran awaycame back and suffucated the people when they were sleepingthen killed them, people heard the noise and came and killed me.We happy Few/10But in all seriousness my Pro's and Cons about the games are that i HATE how Npc don't need to eat their Joypill or eat any food or drink any water TO ME this just kills the whole concepct of the game because you're mainly the only one SEEN eating it like why can't we see the other npc's eating their Joypill or get force too like in the Prolouge of the Game when the officer stabbed the guy with a Syringe? i feel like that would definetly make the game more ""realistic"" and makes you think like ""oh snaps this is serious, i HAVE to take mines or ill end up like them get forced to or get killed"". and speaking about syringes are they only used for that purpose? i feel like if you're going to add an item to the game at least make it have a purpose? ..i also don't like the sneaking system i wish they can ADD perks in the game instead of just passives. Too for Example if i sneaked alot and gain some EXP i can then level up on my sneaking skills like go from being detected to being harder to detect......i also would like to see them adding a HUD for your sneak or at least let you know that you're getting spotted. One of the iggest issue i had on this game was definetly the bugs on the quest and the ragdolls teleporting all over the place when you kill them. Also the NPC dialouges DOES NOT MAKE any sense like what is my dude even saying? and when i try to gift people what am i suppose to gift them? PLUS the Quest are buggy atm like when you complete it the quest are still hightlighten and i wish there was a completed quest tab so that way life would be easier knowing that you completed those quest that you already did because sometimes i get the quest confuse for one anotherThe price ATM is also kinda of lame because you could literally finish this game at this state in an 1 hour or less IF the added more options in the game and more unique gameplays then maybe but i feel like this should be worth 14$ or 20 $ then when the game is finish should be worth 40$ NOW listen this game REALLY is freakking amazing i like it but in this state 30$ not worth for an 1 or 2 hour of gameplay..that's if you're not the exploer type. The Main things i like about the game was the settings and the concepct of the game BUT like i said it still NEEDS MAJOR improvement for a 30$ game.... Overall this game is Enjoyable. i Would recommend this game but at the end of the day you feel feel like you wanted MORE than what you bought it for."
76561198098819454,Recommended,320240,24550817,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Timmeh,"Let me start off with saying -The game is in EA (early access). Up to you to buy an unfinished game.Now, lets start this off. The game is spectacular. I've loved every minute of it within my five hrs or so of playing it. There's never a dull moment, it's incredibly challenging in multiple aspects. So many things to do like little side quests, simply staying alive (though it's not really simple at all), and there seems to be a LOT more crafting then I thought.Pros- Has a bioshock infinite/Dishonored feel to it. Some places are dark in gloomy, others are colorful and happy.- Lots of things to do, you won't be bored- Surviving in more ways then one- My favorite - busting out a berserker bomb on everyone in a joy district and watching them fight it out while the constables are knocking everyone on their keesters- Very well polished for an EA game. The graphics are beautiful at Ultra, and I have no FPS drops at all. Seems to be locked at 60 fps, which I'm fine with. Very beautiful game all in all.Cons- Bugs here and there, nothing game breaking and over dramatic though.- A bit challenging, lots of looking around to find specific things for side quests/main questThat's all I can think of. If you want to help out the devs, buy the EA. It's definitely one of the more fun games you can get for a mere $30 USD. Plus the games barely been out a day - who knows what more will come?TLDR - 9.5/10 Very goodSo far. Remember to take your joy, don't be a downer!"
76561198039363975,Recommended,320240,24547593,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kobra,This game is very very good and have a lot of potetial to become a masterpicei hope devs continue to support thsi amazing game.
,Recommended,320240,24537928,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Pony Lover,"This game is great. Despite the one hour of gameplay I have and it being only a pre-alpha game, I am hooked. Even with the games size, it really brings you in. Not to mention the few jumps I had when I was sneaking around and randomly heard someone shout. The game is also quite challenging, at least for me. Now remember to take your joy, or else."
,Not Recommended,320240,31857079,Posted: 20 May,all,Dukely,"From the sale of this game I have been concerned about, looking forward to the finished, but so long did not see the official said about when the problem of localization, although the official attitude with a tough language gave me a very clear answer And I have been in the update for half a month I still did not see the problem in the update log, this game I have been very want to play, but because of the reasons for the Chinese really can not play, if the official then I believe this game also Will not be fun where to go. I gave this difference to remind you and inspire you, do not hate me, because so you may be aware of the importance of localization, I believe that many people have already bought the game, but most of them The message made in the localization of the problem, and the official in addition to pay attention to the difference in mind regardless of the Chinese side of the message, for which I regret that the official can improve the game language problems rather than focus only on the quality of the game, a better game no official Translation, I believe will certainly be affected."
,Not Recommended,320240,34395303,Posted: 21 August,all,BUTTFACE MCPOOP,Gearbox DO NOT SUPPORT!
76561198171490651,Recommended,320240,30912298,Posted: 2 April,all,Morty Smith,"(IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ COMPULSION GAMES) Hello Compulsion Games team! I wanted to say that I am having an absolute blast playing this game! The characters and quests are really unique! There is only just one thing that I ran into. After you speak with Nick Lightbearer in his house in Maidenholm, and he dropes the power cell in the bathtub and gets electrocuted, after the cutscene ended, and the game said to take his face mask and wig, Nick dissapeared from the bathtub and I couldn't do one of the coolest looking missions that i saw in the trailer, the one when Arthur makes the ""rock and roll"" symbol with his hand. I know that your probably working on multiple bug fixes and updates for the game right now,      but if you could fix this bug, it would make me, and others if they experienced this bug, extremely happy. (Almost as if were on Joy!) Otherwise, this game was a gamechanger for me ever since I first heard about it in 2015. Keep making We Happy Few better as if it wasn't good enough! (Also that jumpscare in the Mommys Little Helper got me so bad!)"
76561198178667029,Recommended,320240,32477409,Posted: 16 June,all,jordan-wba,"very good game with a massive future ahead. The only negatives i found is the radnom drops in FPS and the game will crash to desktop with no error message, i understand the game is early access and hopefully the issues will be resolved"
76561198345509461,Recommended,320240,31122629,Posted: 13 April,all,thedoloninja,"This is a puzzle game, you go around trying to find pieces. This game is fun but is not half as good as the trailer shows it to be."
76561198295624782,Not Recommended,320240,34307212,Posted: 17 August,all,Mifune,"I love this game so very much! It's beautiful, even on birdwatcher it's challenging enough to keep me from taking a nap. However, I'm really upset - after I installed the Technicolor update (may have spelled that wrong) I notice every 5-15 minutes, the game freezes, but the audio continues, then I find myself on my desktop screen... If I were you, I'd wait to buy this game until all the little kinks were worked out and the game is in a more playable state, please do not let my review disinterest you however, if you are dying to play this game!"
,Not Recommended,320240,24803654,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,o̅TTe̅r̅,"My first playthrough of this game: Beat down everyone in sight with a cricket bat, shouting, ""I ain't no downer but, drugs or not, I'm sure as hell happy to beat you down!""I then move on to sabotage every Joy Detector in town to ignore Downers and alert on Wellies. Havoc ensues in Wellington Wells as everybody begins to brawl on every street corner. Old ladies screaming everywhere. Everywhere. Annoying ♥♥♥♥♥es.Eventually the plague kills me as I couldn't find the right ingredients to craft a cure.﻿Key complaints:>Enemies agro on the player for no good reason. Once upon a time I was walking joyfully down the street minding my own business (people were still brawling everywhere due to the ♥♥♥♥ed up Joy detectors) with a nice clean suit and a wide smile on my face. I decide to sit and watch the idiots kill eachother until suddenly, they decide to turn their attention to me. Was there a reason for this? None as far as I can tell. I even complimented the deranged lunatics.>Lack of inventory space. The game gives you a personal chest that can be accessed from every safehouse. However, sometimes I feel that even this isn't enough. If you're like me and love to stockpile items (food, drink, crafting materials, weapons and potentially useful items) then you're gonna have a hard time finding a good place to put it all where you can access in a pinch.>Bee Honey guy hates you. The guy that lets you into the Garden District if you give him honey won't let you go back and I can't find a way to get past the closed gate without having to parkour around the whole thing like a speedrunner would.>Very buggy quests. There was this time I found this guy in a treehouse who wanted me to go find a medkit for his doll ""Charlie."" I had a medkit, but the option to give it would never appear. Another time, there was this frenchman in a tower that the game wanted me to rescue from a group of Downers, who have already run away from the scene and couldn't be tracked down. Quest was rendered incompletable until I killed the missing Downers.>Difficult to find certain locations and objectives. Some key locations aren't labelled in the map, some are labelled but aren't even there. Objectives for different quests are rarely labelled on the map. Also, a waypoint feature would be nice.>Marketted like a linear story-driven game but acts like a bad sandbox survival game. Honestly, We Happy Few is not at all what I expected it to be when I first purchased it, and I don't think that much is gonna change as development continues.>Thirst, Hunger and sleep mechanics. These three bars drain way too fast. Why are these even necessary in a game with this kind of scenario?I don't plan on refunding the game (I think I passed Steam's time limit for it, anyway) but hopefully the devs will start to think more about whether they want it to look good or play good. The game's concept just doesn't seem to fit the gameplay as well as it could.Finally, a neat suggestion I think this game would make a great example of:Wouldn't it be awesome to have a game with a procedurally generated story, too? Maybe have like 5 or so different possible stories (including Arthur's) that the game picks from at random to give you. Like say you start a new game and you're thrown in the shoes of an outsider who accidentally ends up in Wellington Wells and has no clue what Joy is and just wants to go home. Or maybe a former British soldier who wakes up from a coma and finds himself surrounded by happy freaks who immediately ask him to take Joy. He refuses naturally and they throw him with the downers. All playable characters are different, but end up getting the same goal, which is to escape.Snug as a bug on a drug,o̅TTe̅r̅"
76561198045700080,Not Recommended,320240,25656254,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dissolved Neo,"This game has SO MUCH potential. The beginning was absolutetly stunning and its brilliance completely took me by surprise!However, being an early access game, there are several places where I accidentally killed someone, or did something that the game didn't expect, and it left missions uncompletable. And then I ran out of joy which meant I couldn't access previous areas to move forward and in the process of finding joy I started to continously die of starvation or thirst over and over again while being completely annoyed at having to run to the other side of the map to get water, when I had just started to loot a house for things I needed, and then by the time I got the water it would be night and then have to sleep, and then after sleeping need more water and food etc....In short, I have very high hopes for this game and I sincerely want to see it become a hit. However, at the moment, it is far from being worth 30 dollars."
76561198322310967,Not Recommended,320240,34460790,Posted: 24 August,all,krazyturk10,"Too many bugs and crashes, new update deleted my saved game"
,Not Recommended,320240,34588601,Posted: 29 August,all,Prushka,"Make the price 6 times higher, excellent business decision."
,Recommended,320240,24539473,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Archvile,"Ahhhhh, ever since the announcement of this game, I have been so hyped to play it! Insta bought it the second it came out, and oh man it does not dissapoint <3 In this world, you reject drugs and you're breaking the law, aha how ironic~ It has a totally cool concept and I think it's really unique! This game is a blast and I'm looking forward to future updates!- I'm having a lot of fun beating everyone who tells me to 'f off'."
,Recommended,320240,24574761,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,C00K1351NF1N1T3,Is this game promoting drugs?!?
,Recommended,320240,25452480,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Death,"The setting and overall atmosphere of this game is what originally drew me to it, but even though it's not completed yet, the whole experience so far is fantastic, there's a vast open world to explore and interesting quests and characters to interact with. Not only that, the devs behind the game actually listen to the players feedback and provide regular updates to test new features or add better mechanics etc, it's constantly improving and really addictive. I really can't wait for the completed game, since the current product is already brilliant!"
,Recommended,320240,24559948,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheLimpBanana,"I do reccommend this game. I have been waiting for this game to be released and it has lived up to expectation. I will be spending a lot of time on this game, its a brilliant and refreshing concept."
76561198120365698,Recommended,320240,24599203,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rim job master,Nice if you want a taste of the game. Consider it a preorder and not much of a playable game. DO NOT BUY IF EXPECT A FULL GAME
76561198092074113,Recommended,320240,25209743,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lidl One,"Dark, creepy, insane, humor is not the only reason this game is great. The story is as addicting as JOY!! The gameplay (while still buggy) is fun. Crafting system and gathering galore! Unique worlds and missions will keep you playing. cant wait to see more! :D"
76561198074781675,Recommended,320240,25156711,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,pudding306,"This was actually a really good game and i cannot wait to see more. The only bug i encountered through the game was that the scavenge tool for scavanging parts out of the cars never appeared into my inventory, and there was nothing i could do about it. However i was able to pass through it with the console commands so it wasnt that bad of a bug."
76561198010177140,Recommended,320240,25177941,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ardendro,"Loved the art work, loved the game trailer, love the game. Completly different. No zombies."
,Recommended,320240,24544871,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TwitchMrHecticGamer,"Just beat the early access of the first day.  Although there were some annoying bugs there was nothing game breaking (for me atleast).  Once I reached the end I was excited for more and i'm really looking forward to playing more of this game.Also, if you aren't into inventory management and like to look everything you may not like this game much as there is a lot of inventory management and not much space for fat loots."
,Recommended,320240,24568444,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Walkyr,"There ARE elements which are questionable like wanting to sleep every two to five minutes and having to drink and eat every second minute, but other then that it's an EXTREMELY good Early Access. It makes me think that they're wanting to do a AAA game with how good it already is.The Graphics are absolutely beautiful, and by graphics it does live up to the trailer.The gameplay...less. I honestly thought more it was more linear and more BioShock-y in terms of gameplay, but it was a pleasent surprise that it went to be Open World Survival with always random creation of worlds. The map seems big but in reality is relatively small, yet I always seem to find myself exploring one block for five minutes even though the actual street is around 10 seconds long if you run and don't sprint.The AI is something that shows it's relatively 'Alpha/Beta' with them running into walls and 24/7 following me and saying I'm in their house and proceeding to attack me for that even though I'm somewhere in the open.It's a good Early Access, if you like Survival Open World with BioShock looking Graphics, get this game. For my taste the $30 are worth it."
,Recommended,320240,25238922,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,verminsupreme,"I had been lusting after this game since I found out about it, and after a month of deliberation, I finally bought it. I've been following Compulsion's weekly updates and watching HybridPanda's streams of We Happy Few on youtube, and I'm really loving how the game is coming along. It seems like every time I load it there's something new. The worlds are beautiful, interactions ineresting, and the survival aspect is really cool. I also like that Compulsion is holding itself publically accountable for the development of We Happy Few into its finished product (I can't wait!).The only problem I have, one which makes it somewhat hard to play, is that the game lags. It lags so much. I read up about the lagging to see if I could fix it, even tried turning all the graphic settings down to low, but it still lags. I think it's because I'm playing from a laptop instead of from a desktop computer, and therefore there's less processing power. There's so much to load and so many components so I'm willing to excuse the lagging, but laptop users beware.The biggest request I'd make to Compulsion going forward is that We Happy Few work for laptops without lagging like crazy. Maybe test it on less powerful computers."
76561198040575062,Recommended,320240,25360891,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nick Crompton England is my city,Took a happy pill.Was not dissapointed.
76561198122092234,Recommended,320240,29213523,Posted: 12 January,all,Pikehaus,"20 hours to beat the demo and I still need to take my joy.  It is a little buggy, like getting trapped in a bed when smothering a character or hitting someone through a wall but is a great play and I can't wait for the final product."
,Recommended,320240,28931455,Posted: 1 January,all,Chipotle Double Chicken Burrito,"As We Happy Few continues to update, Compulsion's vision comes to life. Gameplay itself feels like a homeless man simulator. The main focus is try your best to conform to society in order to complete certain tasks and progress in the game, while trying to upkeep your needs (health, thirst, hunger, and sleep). We Happy Few itself is a fun game to play and even in it's early stages now, the struggle to conform to the two factions in the game is delivered very well. I am very excited to see the end result. The developers make weekly posts talking about what they are working on. I highly reccomend to buy this game and support Compulsion, this game has very high potential and my crystal ball is telling me the end result is going to be amazing."
,Recommended,320240,24735113,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Jules Winnfield,"To be honest, I was not looking forward to this game. I dont like survival games, and I'm neutral towards horror games. I decided that it might be worth a go because of the randomly generated city, and perma-death, and i am happy that I did. In the short amount of time playing it, i have died 12 times, and from each death i learned something, like in all games. For example: Don't try to harvest honey with no protection. Dont go through a downer test with a miniscule amount of joy and then be unable to get back through, and last but not least, do not run away from the police by jumping out a third story window. I whole-heartedly recommend this game, and even in the alpha state it looks spectacular, has few glitches, and has a plethora of quests."
76561198061508957,Recommended,320240,24561636,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,nato9mil,"Keep in mind this game is a early access game, and seems to still be in its alpha state. Gameplay is interesting, and the current vauge story is enough to pique your interest. While there isnt a massive ammount of things to do within this game there is enough to get you started and warrant the $30.00 price tag. Keep in mind that there are going to be many things added to this game in the future."
76561198327993524,Recommended,320240,28735386,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cute Chilli Pie,"I was baffled and clueless at the begining, mostly baffled by some quests that cannot be completed out of bugs ...Bought this game at the early access with understandably bundled bugs lol. The developers are really nice and patient in answering questions. The game can do better with fixing of bugs. For it's still at its early access stage, there's much more we can expext."
76561198154029976,Recommended,320240,28992889,Posted: 3 January,all,The 9th,"Having experienced some of this really authentic and visually stunning game I can say with ease that it is a must have for all those who love and/or appreciate the whole Orwellian themed video games.Visually the game is absolutely magnificent. Even without Joy you'll see yourself immersed into the world of ""We Happy Few"" even if you sometimes have to backtrack to a place.The controls are solid and some bugs aside it is pretty interesting to see that you have the freedom of maneuvering through windows and above fences, which seems not so important but we must all appreciate the whole ""invisible wall"" idea being absent here.The story so far is pretty straightforward and as you slowly pace yourself through the side quests which are rewarding and towards the main quest you realize that there is always more to explore and do... and kill.Please keep up the good work devs.9/10!!!"
76561198092401427,Recommended,320240,28808845,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Edups,"This game has went into a fictional area in which i've seen no other game venture, despite clear signs of the realm being an altered past, it still has a dark reflection of society as a whole today"
76561198051603241,Recommended,320240,24594124,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Procrastinato,"This game needs a ton of work, it has potential for an early access game but I would wait until the actual release to play it."
,Recommended,320240,24895515,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"We Happy Few is a strange mix of Orwellian literature, Trainspotting, and Bioshock, plunging you headfirst in an impoverished country reliant on literal happy pills. Once there, you find yourself without a friend in the world, surrounded by junkies, cops, and a vast amount of crafting materials, recipes, miniquests, and strange loveable characters, all of them guiding or hindering you on your journey.As the game is right now, it plays like a rougue like/light (inb4 debates on that one), but unlike many others I've played, could go for hours until your first death. I believe I read that they're planning on adding an actual story mode to the game upon release, with the rogue elements incorporated. Now, in my opinion, this doesn't detract from the game's luster at all. While some might find it uninviting to spend hours in a world only to die and do it all over again, it really adds a level of complexity to the survival portion that really gives you some motivation to stay on your feet.As Arthur, the less-than charismatic ex-druggie, you explore the ruins of the world around you, with plenty to loot. Here is where the game really shines, in my opinion. A lot of times you're deciding just how badly you want to disturb the folks inside their homes, but when the only beds are in those homes, and sleeping is necessary, it quickly comes down to your own survival vs that of the public, and your choice can have some radical consequences. Sleeping in someone else's bed results, usually, in them peering over you as you awake with a large branch in their hands.Which brings us next to the crafting mechanic. We Happy Few has so far been wonderful about providing all sorts of different craftable weapons, craftable items, craftable traps, and so on and so on. This leads to immeasurable ways to take out your enemies, be it caltrops as they chase behind, an explosive rubber duck with tear gas inside, it a simple pointy stick to the face, and every time you plan an attack and it works out in your favor, there's a wonderful feeling of accomplishment and ""barely getting by"" feels a bit more palpable.The soundtrack is wonderful, creating a highly atmospheric realm in which to explore, and echoing beautifully the dismal foggy lands of this country. The citizens can all be interacted with, and there really does seem to be a mob-mentality when you wrong one of them, so be prepared to be set upon by 4 people with large clubs if you happen to steal their rotten potatoes.Which brings us promptly to one of my favorite aspects of this game: state changes. There are books you can pick up with continuous buffs for the playthrough, as well as diseases and ailments which will end your playthrough very quickly if you're not paying attention.Currently the game is in Early Release (as of August 13th, 2016), and make no mistake: it truly deserves to be here at the moment. Though it is an excellent game, there are a few bugs which can be game breaking, or at the very least, extremely irritating. Regardless, if the base concept of this game is THIS good, I am eagerly awaiting the full release, and in the meantime will just keep on loving We Happy Few."
,Recommended,320240,25041147,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kainalo,"This has potential.. Super fun to play, eventhough its not finished yet.Hope they do finish this properly!"
,Recommended,320240,30064003,Posted: 20 February,all,Mario,"Great game, can't wait for the final product! :)"
,Recommended,320240,24540451,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,thisisnudge,"BioShock meets Fallout, set in 1984-ish UK. 10/10An impressive Early Access with some juice of a final game such as nice graphics, great voice acting, cool videos, jokes, music, a real intro, also quests, a big world, (actually working) crafting and (quite challenging) combat. They promise to add story to the final 1.0 release. It might become one of the best Early Access games so far. I suppose, I will get back to this little gem here from time to time until it is done. I love those tiny details too, NPC's talking, singing, doing their stuff, making fun, in particular at this early stage. And that runner guy or quest: made me laugh.Is it a survival game? Because some call it a survival game. Well, no, not by Don't Starve or ARK standards. It is rather Fallout with a few more survival features. For instance, I was poking for minutes, expecting a bug or something, until I realized I must have eaten something rotten. First Aid Kit, self-crafted. I didn't expect that coming. Great."
76561198106892931,Recommended,320240,24542561,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,cumcake,"I'm not really far into the game yet but already can tell it'll become an amazing game.The design looks really good even with the graphics turned on low, I haven't had a single crash yet and I'd definately play this game for hours and hours through, because of the great story which the developers are still improving, if there weren't my motion sickness.This is also the reason I only played it for such a short time. The moving is not the smoothest but I know they are still working on it so I'm not complaining.I just know that there are many people who have the same problem with FP-games and this is literally my only problem with this game so far.So to people who don't suffer from this sickness, I can fully recommend this game and give 10/10 because the coming updates can only make it better"
76561198120955215,Recommended,320240,24542769,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,traughdaddy,Only 3 hours in and I found the plague that killed me. 9/10 would find the plague again
76561198168876408,Recommended,320240,24540787,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,foxheald,I bought this game after watching outsidexbox do a lets play on it I would recomend watching it. If you are thinking about getting this game it is worth it. so far  I think it is a 9/10
,Recommended,320240,24588895,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Z0NTA,"I wasn't having the exact feeling that i had when i see the E3 trailer while gameplay it's a open world game graphics looks cool i love the concept of this game but yet it's not enjoyable if you are interested in campaign mode games kinda getting RPG feeling and this is definetly not adventure, hope developers will make this game better than this state im kinda sad and had  high hopes for this game however i got a refund for this."
76561198086379065,Recommended,320240,26052996,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Salad Dinner™,"""This story shall the good man teach his son;And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by,From this day to the ending of the world,But we in it shall be remember'd;We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;For he to-day that sheds his blood with meShall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,This day shall gentle his condition:And gentlemen in England now a-bedShall think themselves accursed they were not here,And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaksThat fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day"""
,Recommended,320240,26327231,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,KairiAnneYukari557,"I adore this game, so much. From when I first bought it to now there have been updates and changes, and in my opinion it's only made it better. An open-world explorer that almost reminds me of Fallout style but with a much different vibe. I haven't gotten along far in the story, but I'm sure curious to see where it goes! 10/10"
,Recommended,320240,28343173,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jolu42,"I rarely buy into early access but I'm glad I did with this game. I'm currently playing the Alpha v34540 and the improvements on this game since release have been amazing. The graphics, lighting, sound, silky-smooth controls have been GREATLY improved. It is a survival game and I don't even like survival games but Compulsion does this one RIGHT. It's very hard to stop playing because I just want to keep exploring. Watch some gameplay and if you're interested I highly recommend getting it! Also, this dev has been amazing at keeping the fans updated on their work. Other devs with early access games should take note!!"
76561198074018997,Recommended,320240,28212597,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"So far, so good!I love the art style and the story ideas seem right up my street.Just a few tweaks and when this game releases fully, I will play another 30+ hours."
76561198027943360,Recommended,320240,28572221,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hoadley64,helloright !!!! i have enjoyed playing this game same style setting as bio shock another game i love to pieces (as in graphics style)  what i have palled of it so far is really good many things still missing in this game like displays not working properly mikssion activies not appear and now the new update i have no sounbd on the game and ive lost all my save data for the 5th time. (rant over )  but apart from that its a good game i like the story line and the extra activites and side quest. what  really needs is a way of extra storage is there is i havent found it yet . this will be a fantastic game once its finnished and works properly i would recommend thuis once its completed as some of the bugs get rather annoying after a while.
76561198234924292,Recommended,320240,28637277,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,videogameaddict84,"This game is awesome, every time I turn it on I'm just immediately immersed in a world that feels so foreign yet so familiar.  I have to hand it to the team behind this piece of art, they are TALENTED!  Some of the mechanics are a bit different from the typical game, like not pausing while I look at my inventory, but I feel it adds a level of challenge and depth to the experience.  The world is so amazing and even though so much of it looks exactly the same, it feels different due to the procedural generation with each new game.  The quests are fun, the dialougue is captivating, the lore (so far) is delisciously mouth-watering, and the concept is just fantastic.  Sure there are bugs that do pop up but I find that for the most part quitting and reloading often sorts it out.  I eagerly await further updates to see how else they can bring this already unique game even more life!"
76561198024440060,Recommended,320240,28694861,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dr Matrix,"This is a good game, damn good, it's just the fact that it has ungodly framerate issues, (even with everything on low), I will most definetly play more, but it's price currently makes me have buyer remorse and it's unfinished nature is very distracting and immersion breaking, but when it fully comes out and it's on sale, I will definetly play more."
,Recommended,320240,25747506,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,afollestad,"Even though it's not done yet, it's very fun! I've been playing it everyday. Looking forward for the full game release for sure."
76561198298923431,Recommended,320240,28247184,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,War3Mouse,"hey! great game so far, i experienced my first couple game crashes, I am able to start up the game but once my personal content begins to load both steam and we happy few shut down. Thak god for all the flowers around, it's brighter than the sun out 'ea! hope your not a downer! cheers!"
,Recommended,320240,28673886,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Eugene,The game has more depth that it leads on. The Devs are active and are helpful when questions arise. Would like to see a road map for future developments of the game though. Cannot wait for full release.
76561198086426349,Recommended,320240,25056748,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SaNiC,"Absolutely love this game, the closest i can relate this game to is bioshock, but much more in depth and with far better mechanics, fantastic survival game solid 8/10 can't wait until full release"
,Recommended,320240,25065986,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bun-Believable,"This game has everything that is in the trailer, yes. They have mostly hammered out all the bugs, despite the fact that the devs provide numerous warnings that the game is bug filled. I really enjoy the concept and it acts it out. The only complaint I have is lack of content. The good thing about the game as a whole is that it is a somewhat difficult survival game. I died to the plauge in the first playthrough and hunger and thist at the same time in the second. (man that hunger and thirst ignore in the joy is harsh). I have see reviews complain that you do things for the sake of doing them, in a way yes, but hey if you have to resort to steal and murder in literly ever playthrough when you run out of supplies, its ok!"
76561198186454519,Recommended,320240,25069791,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RICK  | REDSTONE DREAM II,omg! compulsion you have done it again i canot even explain how much i love this game i mean i only have 4.5 hours of playing but thats all i neded to know how amazing it is i mean after playing contrast i thought well i hope they make another game and then i saw it it was under new relese i clicked it saw compulsion and screamed but man its a great game my only problem i have with the game is that its really buggy when i go to the bridge of joy maybe because theres so much new stuff there i really cant wait to get over that bridge and thank you compulsion keep up the good work!
,Recommended,320240,24726846,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Charles Tealeaf,"I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration and a good story.My only complaint:- High maintenance: Your character is constantly hungry, thirsty and sleepy. If you aren't walking around aimlessly for an hour it isn't hard to stay healthy but it is a little frustrating having to sleep so often. This tends to take away from the ability to explore the areas you enter and forces you to constantly run around looking for homes to loot.I think the game should have a difficulty setting. 3 or 4 different difficulties that would affect how high maintence your character is, how much damage you take, how fast the plague kills you etc. That would be something interesting to put into the game, and make it more enjoyable for the casual and hardcore players. Also there should be difficulty exclusive event spawns with specific rewards.Overall:- It's probably best to buy this game now if you are interested so you aren't spending more later on.- The game is fun. I enjoyed my short amount of time spent playing so far and am excited for its future.- Beautiful areas to explore- Lots of different things to do and ways to play- Needs slight improvements but since this is only an alpha, it will obviously be worked on and finished.10/10 would buy again"
76561198118157758,Recommended,320240,24548959,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,EL POLLO LOCO,Great so far
76561198183226050,Recommended,320240,24549243,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dobby,This game is pretty fun i enjoy it so far.. graphics are great but i drop frames when it goes to night time.. and some of the quests are bugged for me and i have tried everything.. But it is in Early Access so im hoping for a quick fix soon..
76561198022290964,Recommended,320240,24728440,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Luke.A.M,"This game is in early access so is obviously not going to have all the content, and there will be occasional bugs, with that it mind I have greatly enjoyed what i have played so far of this game. The updates seems to be very frequent and the game has so much potential. Only buy this game now if you are ok with bugs (I have only encountered 1 so far) and not all the content being there, however there is still plenty to do to keep you occupied."
,Not Recommended,320240,24830487,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nit Pick,"Here's what I said in my old positive review before they sold themselves to their Gearbox slavemasters.Don't buy it if you expect a finished gamePlain and simple. I knew that going in and I got what I expected.However the game has potential to be something great. Compulsion Games is working extreamly hard to make the game that hopefulls and kickstarters want.Lastly, it's a stable game. It works on Windows 10 (as it should) but it does need the help of those who backed the game. Wether or not people backed it on Kickstarter or backing the game on Steam (through early access). Go on their forums, share screenshots and videos of bugs on their forums and they'll work on it. They're good with their customers.Now I say ♥♥♥♥ you Gearbox.I say to Compulsion Games. You did this to yourselves and I'll never touch your game again. I was fine with the price change, I was excited for the final release for the game. Then I heard you sold  your souls to Gearbox. I feel sorry for you."
76561198036728376,Recommended,320240,25278918,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cloud,"Ridiculous, dark and humorous; this only begins to describe the game so far. The game is in Alpha basically and has a fraction of its planned content. Beyond the planned content is even more potential, the story and atmosphere allows for nearly limitless expansion to all aspects of the game."
,Recommended,320240,24858438,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ARitz Cracker,"Again, it's early access so the full paying price will probably not be ""worth it"" until full release, but what these guys have so far is amazing. After playing some of the new content in the latest update, I think the game is worth buying, but not until early access ends.The entire game plays like Deus Ex, without the guns, transhumanism, or satient AI, but with more psychedelic drugs, hunger mechanics, a focus on conformity, and an atomic-dream asthetic.Love me some drug-fuled conspiracies 😩👌"
,Recommended,320240,29761622,Posted: 7 February,all,FuturistDreamer,"Early Access ReviewI've put in a good number of hours in the game.  I also play other Early Access games and will step away from each in turn to give the others time.  One thing I look for in EA games is regular progress.  Gameplay is important, avoidance of ""breaking points"", which is to say none of those ""You didn't grab this key that you had no clue you would need (or even how to get it) at the beginning and now that you're twelve minutes away from the end, you can't finish, so you're screwed!!!"" moments.The setting/world is pretty well fleshed out.  There are some good pieces and some ugly pieces.  I think a lot of the side missions are really about replay value more than actually progressing the story.  At this point the storyline/plot is lacking still.  I haven't felt a sense of growing awareness of what brought everyone to this point or how to make it better.  Regardless of the play style I take (murderous wretch, sneaky burglar, etc...), it really just feels like a march through checkpoints and the missions (even the more complicated ones) don't feel engaging.But the game is making serious progress.  The developers are communicating regularly and marching towards a completion state, which is very encouraging.  I do expect that the storyline will become much more fleshed out as we get closer to the end of EA.At this point, I recommend the game.  I'd say that, for an EA game, it's a 8/10.  It's definitely worth it just to be able to get it cheap and to be able to get a feel for the world and interface before the storyline is completely fleshed out."
,Recommended,320240,25199495,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dromedar,"I was watching my favourite YouTuber playing this game. He was at like episode 5 when I wanted to try this game. I sold my Karambit on Community Market just because of THIS game. I started playing on 27th of August and it took me 2 days to finish this game.They are still evolving the game, but right now it is good af. Good Story (still not finished). Good as a survival game. I have never seen a game like this.Some things need to be fixed (28st Aug. 2016) :Infinite Sprint (Sprint button + Spamming Jump button)Tree textureQuests (Biological Hazard, Jonny Bolton and the Ephemeral Linen, Mysterious Chest...)Personal Safe bugNeed God mode on Quest NPCs (IMPORTANT)Thank you for reading, leave a like it helps a lot. -Roland"
,Recommended,320240,29121974,Posted: 8 January,all,AirMike,"One less mouth to feed, eh? HAHAHAHAAAHAHA, HAHAHAHAHAA, HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHA! I think that's the best one of all, very good!10 joys out of 5, oh s**t, overdose!But honestly.This game is one of the best I've seen in 2016. It has everything a good game needs (but they will add the story later), but the best part is that they adding more stuff! If you have money, you should buy it. Killing bobbies is so fun! THe game can crash sometimes, but it's fine for an alpha game. Even if you don't like what it is now, I would highly recommend to buy it so you can support the devs.P.S. TAKE YOUR JOY!"
76561197970405129,Recommended,320240,25038516,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Darkone666,(review updated) Had issues running this game until i updated my card drivers and now it runs really nice.great interesting game - recommended.
,Recommended,320240,24542476,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DomEReapeR,"This game is great, the atmosphere is fantastic, the survival is fun and the humour is great.BUTYou're buying an early access game at the moment, several encounters were so broken that I couldn't continue them, dig locations were undiggable, vital itams dissappearing into the ground etc. and when I made a new playthrough a completely different set of encounters would break. Loot is random so a vital quest item you need to craft you might not even get the items you need for etc.I recommend it because the stuff that isn't broken is amazing fun, and I really think that once the devs can fix the bugs it'll be great."
,Recommended,320240,24541299,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,@JqMarsh,"This game is pretty great so far.Cons:Can be confusing if you havent played survival games.You can get weird spawns that become tediousThe NPC's are moochers (not always bad(; )Pros:The game seems pretty well polishedreally immersivesome dull moments, but easy to work around!Overall better then most early access games!If you're interested in my first playthrough of the game heres a link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiBG3VhYkG4"
,Recommended,320240,25141516,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nordrick,I refunded the game but at a later time i'll get it again when more content is in it. It's a really good game and i hope the devs finish it.
76561198041215496,Recommended,320240,28850804,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sweg,"PERSONAL OPINIONS!Pros:+ Very good, fun and unique.+ Never seen anything like this, good game.Cons:- Not scary.- Only singleplayer.- Gets boring fast.- Too little inventory space. (You can use minisafe etc, but still)- No guns (lol)Both:* Feels like a ""open world, free run"" game, this can be good or bad.Overall: Yes. I would recommend this game. But dont expect to be playing it for 50-100+ hours."
76561198246496264,Recommended,320240,25546088,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,XORSAX,This game is great!!! YOU DOWNER!!
76561198040442502,Recommended,320240,24568694,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,☣Fleshlight Fiesta☣,"To all the people complaining about the way the game plays, it's been on early access FOR A DAY. PULL YOUR PANTIES OUT OF YOUR BUTT AND ROLL WITH THE GAME.I have high hopes for this game. I spent most of my time in it running around not paying attention to what I was supposed to be looking for. I like the setting behind it, it gives you just that right kinda vibe. Also, to address some petty♥♥♥♥♥complaints I've seen so far: it's not unreasonable for the character to get hungry, thirsty, or tired every 5+ minutes, because time in this game is similar to the way time works in GTA, so 5 minutes is roughly 5 hours. Secondly, if looking at your map constantly and aligning your objective with your path of travel using the compass so that you just run in a line is going to inconvenience you, this isn't the game for you. That being said, stay away from any ARMA game ever, Squad, or anything that doesn't have a minimap to settle your pettiness.Overall, I'm very interested to see where this game goes, along with how the stories are going to play out."
76561197985432081,Recommended,320240,24540949,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Punktos,"If that what was shown in early access will be developed over 1.0 version, it will be compared to Bioshock 1.No, Bioshock 1 will be compared to We Happy Few.12/10 would and will wait for final release, This should be illegal."
76561198232739928,Recommended,320240,24558703,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SnEAkK,Game is addicting and so much fun to play I like the aspect that it relates to don't starve. Also reminds me of Bioshock in a small sense.
,Recommended,320240,24604828,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Queen GLaDOS,Its fun and well made
,Recommended,320240,25470760,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sulkydrag00n214,"auther: Ello neighbor, did you happen to take your joy?neighbor: ah yes matter a fact i did so hows your day been good?auther: well now that you mentioned it its been a hard day.neighbor: are you off your joy?auther: no no no im fine really..... please dont tell the bobbies.neighbor: HELP!!!! HELP!!!! THIS MAN HES OFF HIS JOY!!!!!bobbie: Right. Now your under arrest for being unhappy, getting mad are you?auther: no, sir this is a misunderstanding please im begging you.bobbie: looks like we have a downer throw him in village he belongs in.auther: you can't do this i wont bloody let you!!!!bobbie: resisting arrest boys teach him a lesson before you go.....................auther:where am i? what is that ungodly smell.auther: oh no im back over here what ever shall i do?(to be continued)....."
76561198140820339,Recommended,320240,25896411,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SeeThatGuy,"It's like real Britain, but sunny more often."
,Recommended,320240,25913102,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rawr_056,Has a lot of potential. Game devs are updating this weekly! Recommended if you support game devs that are not like 2k who release bad ported games. :)
76561198186692446,Recommended,320240,26258047,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mabushisou,"I am absolutely head over heels in love with We Happy Few.  I love the graphics and the quirky missions.  There really isn't much to dislike about the game.  One concern I have with the game (and please remember that as I am writing this, the game is currently in alpha) is that character dialogue (if you have subtitles on) tends to stay with the character after talking to a NPC and some of the missions (such as Campfire) tend to let you complete half of the mission and the leave the other half unavailable or uninteractable.  10/10 would recommend if violence and a dark sense of humor is your cup of tea!"
76561198150036277,Recommended,320240,28264361,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jerome,Pretty good game a little buggy but i understand since its early access its really fun
,Recommended,320240,28459321,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Krombopulos Marko,I really enjoyed this game. It has such a great vibe and setting. I'm hooked. Can't wait until We Happy Few 1.0!
,Recommended,320240,25821396,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WebLines              .,"This game is one of the best Single Player games i´ve played in a long time. Even though the story(s) are/is not finished yet, you can already explore so many places. Its an amazing game. The only problem is, that you kinda get thrown into the game and don´t really know how to carry on with missions.10/10 would search for mission-items for 4 hours again"
,Recommended,320240,26022825,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,✠🎩NT4YOU2040🎩✠,I love this game
,Recommended,320240,27487967,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stormy,The most ♥♥♥♥ed up game ever...... and I LOVE IT :D
,Recommended,320240,28364414,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Version Red,"After beating it for the first time, I can say I look very forward to future updates. The style of the graphics is very nice, and I noticed very, very few graphical glitches (the rare floating plant or brick wall in the middle of nowhere). The gameplay is interesting, with the use of different clothes to conform to different areas. The stealth could use a little work, but it's a work in progress, so I'm sure that will improve in time. Overall, it's a great game that will hopefully only get better and better."
76561198159950370,Recommended,320240,28319059,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CloudStrife2599,"We happy few is a fun game, I enjoy that it is a survival game that I can actually survive for quite a while. however the new updates of keep puking and puking that it does not go away and all my food goes and equipment, it so irritating and I do not want to play it anymore. I like the other upgrades they have.... except for that one."
,Recommended,320240,28325858,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dojo,"This game.... Is genius, Everything about it is so much fun. Especialy once you are able to get to main city with all the pill pushers, Surving is so much fun. Here is my story after stealing rotten apples in the slums and getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of me by hobos I was able to solve the ""puzzle"" and get into the next town. Suprise surpise got ebola after 10 seconds of entering. I eventually found a cure for my ebola  and and continued doing stuff for some crack adict in a tree house that loved his teddy bear. Found a keycard, went into the heaven that is the pill pushing community. They all lived in huge houses with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of food and weapons. Fun fact if you don't say hi to everyone withing  a 2 feet radius of you, the popo clowns knock you the ♥♥♥♥ out. Eventually found out that the senior pill pushing community likes flowers and when you don't give them flowers they like to jump up and down like 5 year old children and take out their wooden logs and beat the crap out of you that way. Everyone is trying to beat you up, the children, the police, the grannys. Breaking into houses is a hard and skilfull thing to do. You have time everything just right not to get cought. With this  10/10. Brilliant."
,Recommended,320240,24547095,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zoltar,We Happy Few for a ALPHA build is very enjoyable.I  believe it is worth the price being charged right now.I see it only getting better over time.
76561198156270698,Recommended,320240,24547589,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cwood,"Where do i even start... well lets see my first 20 minutes i walked around town stealing from ppl then left to the next town which by far is absolutely crazy, waaaay harder than the first town i beat down half the town and a ton of cops with a flippin cricket bat and a electrified baton and for an  alpha the amount of bugs is very minimal ive always been on the edge about these survival games for a while but this one has a fresh twist to it like hmmmm no zombies and trash graphics that are so hard to run it makes you look like you paid for a hamster powered pc. this game is a worth while buy and is definetly replayable although you WILL lose track of time while playing this i started at 1pm its now 8pm XD 10/10"
,Recommended,320240,24546784,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Oak,"We Happy Few First Impressions VideoHonestly i thought this game was awesome, a full series is being recorded as a delve into opiate world that is Wellington Wells, Downers, Uppers hills and my purple pills. (They're not purple and their are few hills, but this game is WORTH a check!) I played many early access games such as Ark and they where nowhere near as polished on EA launch. For the little time i'v played so far, this game is something completely different, and for £22 its a real good time killer till bigger games such as No Mans Sky or Battlefield one is released. Check it out!"
,Recommended,320240,24548660,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bruceify,"I really like the game, but I do have 2 problems with it1. (just a minor complaint) It is pretty difficult to find your objective goals (but it is fun running around the place looking for them)2. Optimisation problem, my PC is higher then recommended requirementsWindows 7 SP1 x64GTX 750 2GB8 GB RAMi5 Quad-core 2400 3.1 GHzGetting around 30-40 FPS, but it is still early access so i guess thats to be expectedOverall 9/10Recommend only if you have a good gaming PC"
76561198064831456,Recommended,320240,24549313,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,CABAL,I played this game for 1 hour and it is realy promising.everything is good about this game but time goes realy fast in it and I had some FPS problems with it(beacuse it's unreal engine 4) but overall if you have a good pc it is one of the best games ever and it hooked me up izily.
,Recommended,320240,24551499,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Number 7,"I have no idea what I'm doing, I was off my Joy pill and I am in a ghetto of sort and my only way out is finding who won  Simon says or giving honey to an elevator.Something that really bothers me is that the day/night cycle is moving too fast."
76561198119187041,Recommended,320240,24548974,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Silver_Six6,"I went into We Happy few blind. The only time I saw it was back in E3 when it was shown in the Microsofts briefing conference. I had steam credit so I decided to give it a shot (My first early-access game). With my first two hours into the game, I can really say the game started with a bang.  It feels as if Bioshock and dishonored fused together and delivered us this game. The game has a good lore build up, gameplay is smooth for an alpha build and the inventory crafting system is robust. I can't wait to keep playing more of this bad boy later on.  GET THIS GAME!"
76561198028465652,Recommended,320240,24602029,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,azrielqaine,"First and foremost, THIS IS ALPHA!  The game mechanics work as well as anything most kit-FPS-run-and-gun games will put in front of you.  Graphics are gorgeous, both the beautiful and the hideous.  The story, and a majority of the single player action, is either not developed enough or not implemented yet for the sake of testing the skeleton of the game.  I find permadeath a bit rediculous for this stage, but will be a great additional challenge when beta comes out.  The hunger/thirst/exhaustion mechanics seem highly accelerated, but that is understandable for testing.  My feelings: Creepier in alpha than Bioshock the first time, huge possibility for the future of horror survival.  I gladly bought this game knowing the storymode wouldn't be avavilable yet and eagerly await the pieces being filled in."
,Recommended,320240,24597090,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Aztecross,"love the game and has lots of promise, the only negative is their still seems to be a few bugs. I for one started over to see that only half the map was loaded correctly? yeah, that kind of stuff. However, it is only the Alpha so I'm sure all of these things will be worked out. As for the survival pshchotic qualities, I find everything to be on point! Well done Compulsion!"
,Recommended,320240,24599549,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sokol,"I thought I hadn't given this game a chance last time I bought it, so I repurchased it and definitely felt better about the game this time. It's a wee bit hard to understand at first, but with guides or your wits you can easily get the hang of it. I recommend this game, it's quite fun."
76561198003762331,Recommended,320240,29329305,Posted: 17 January,all,CrysiS_,"I still have yet to really sit down and play through the whole game, but just by a few hours of play time, this game is awesome.It's different; in a good way though.This is why I love PC gaming, great priced Early Access games that consoles really cannot compete with.If you enjoy Bioshock-esque games, this is a game for you.  It's a survival gathering game, open world, and scary weird at the same time.  Just like Bioshock.  That 50's type horror noir style that we all love!The only negative I found while playing We Happy Few was how fast you run out of ""Joy"" pills.  I just feel as though the time in the game is a little too quick for my preference.  I wish the clock was just a tad bit slower, a great example of this is just how fast the game changes between day and night.  If you purchase the game you will immediately see what I mean.I recommend this game."
76561198065241730,Recommended,320240,24781587,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"Look, I've been following the game's development for a year or so. It's a very good game; the infiltration feels almost contemplative, with a soundtrack that resembles that of Oblivion in the Imperial City - it's almost blissful. There's already a pretty solid balance, the items are generally well explained, what they do, how they can be used in different ways. For once, the procedural generation doesn't feels too fake and doesn't plays against the game. It's a super nice game with a good ambiance, really."
76561198048109191,Recommended,320240,24565446,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,jemrock,"-REVIEW WILL CHANGE AS UPDATES AND FIXES COME-A cautious reccomendation because of the issues that I have had playing this game. At the current version at the time of this review, this game has had a plethora of issues but it is also fun to play at times. The issues have been said many times so I will just repeat them, or just the ones I have encountered.2. THE GAME IS BUGGY AS HELL- physics issues, AI issues, things disappearing are all problems in this game. These are very frequent problems. Dead bodies will merge with scenery causing constant spasming of their dead bodies. The AI loves to harass you which is annoying. However, during fights, the AI will attempt to flank you if you fight multiple enemies so they try to surround you, so they do pose a threat. Certain quests happen during the day or the night, and if the time changes to day or night, the NPCs involved in the quest get beamed up by scotty, an example is the mushroom log quest where you have to eavesdrop on a couple. During the conversation, Scotty thought they had enough and got them out of there.With all of these issues comes frustration, but what if you get lucky? Like I did on my 5th attempt of the game where I actually finished it? (tip: stock up on A LOT of water and food so you dont have to scavenge for it all the time) Then the game runs fine and plays well, and it is enjoyable. But that situation is rare at this moment in time. But that is what you get when you buy into most early access games. The foundation is here out in front of the developers, now it is up to them to refine their game and make it as bug free as possible and add more to the game. $30 is a VERY steep price for this game at its current state. However, it is enjoyable at times and if its something you want then  get it, otherwise, if you dont get on right now, keep watching the game as it gets better. However, I do advise that you think very hard about this game if you want to buy it, you will most likely get mad at it at one point or another for the above issues.UPDATE 7/28/16: Two patches have fixed startup issues and capped framerates in the first week of release.8/23/17: This game is now gearbox's property, and as such I pray for this game's success because this is a deal with the damn devil. Do NOT preorder this  under any circumstances no matter what you do, Gearbox cannot be trusted. Make these people work for your $60 . On the current game's status Issue 4 is removed, the survival meters are now a choice and more balancing has been implemented. Issue 1 is also removed, bridges now are crossable no matter what in my playthroughs. Issue 3 is removed as well, patches have fixed that mostly but make sure you save your game before certain main storyline quests just as a fallback. Certain quests have also been fixed."
,Recommended,320240,24543088,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[UmbrA] circasomnia,"This is a very ""in-a-nutshell"" review, as I've only played a couple hours, and I'm sure will change a lot over time. I'm liking the game so far. Getting a Bioshock-esque vibe from the art and semi futuristic looking gadgets (Dishonored comes to mind as well)Gameplay so far is running around and stealing stuff from other outcasts of society. I haven't gotten into high society yet. Your fellow denzien downers are bat♥♥♥♥♥♥insane and show it. The voice lines combined with some pretty dynamic feeling behaviour has left me creeped the ♥♥♥♥ out, and running for my life.Crafting seems to be a big thing, and you will get more recipes as you travel the world and loot things. I think as you collect base materials you unlock recipes (not really sure)Almost everything has durability, and the juggle between food/water/health/sleep and getting food poisoning, you'll have your hands full for the first few days. You really do feel like a hobo :DSimon Says, you will fight for potatoes. (WHO WON????)Overall, gameplay and combat IS pretty basic, but this game really does have tons of potential. +The theme is amazing to me. A Clockwork 1984. lol.On another note, my 980ti & amd 8350fx has some noticeable lag but not unplayable. Hopefully performance is one of their concerns with future updates.tldr ""Killed a woman, the person she was talking to, and a passerby with a cricket bat for a moldy potato. 10/10"""
,Recommended,320240,24541906,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Portal Pony,Amazing game and I cant wait to see what they will add next.
,Not Recommended,320240,24562785,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sire,"Fantastic art and premise bogged down by terrible ""survival"" mechanics.I'll admit, I was first taken in by this game for it's aesthetic and early trailers which made the game look more like an horror/adventure title with a lot of emphasis on paranoia and populace being controlled who all doubt you. I didn't expect the survival part of the package at all.Sounds good, and with the game hitting Early Access I was excited to throw down $30 and see what's in store so far.The game starts strong, with some story where you refuse to take your ""Joy"" pills which controls the population and keeps them complacent and unaware of the terrible things going on (like smashing and eating a rat which looks to be a pinata filled with candy). After a small chase sequence you find yourself in a ""Safe House"" in a sewer and that's where the game really begins and introduces you to the tons of run-of-the-mill survival mechanics.Enjoy managing your hunger, equipment, stamina and tiredness ad infinitum. There's also crafting, so enjoy checking every mailbox and shelf so you can hoard as much as possible to make as many minor items as possible. It's completely annoying, by the time you're done scavanging for trash you're probably going to be really hungry or tired, so have fun with that.""Survival"" games are the new zombie titles it feels: dime a dozen and all reusing the same tired crafting and meter management mechanics that have been done to death. I was hoping that this game would change it up and offer something new to the mix but it's aesthetic isn't enough to save it. You also can search around and get random quests which boil down to retrieving X and Y.Also, the towns people aren't even ""scary,"" and they mostly look more bored than you walking around their derelict town with nothing to do other than annoy you with lame quests or try and catch you being a ""Downer"" (someone who doesn't take their Joy pills) so they can fight you. Combat is bare bones and you can manage to punch everyone to death without fear of being killed. This absolutely kills the ""horror"" aspect of the title when the enemies of the game can't handle your basic punches. The facepaint looks eerie, so there's that... I guess.Sadly, there is really no story to mess around with and all that is being added in later, maybe that'll make the game worth it but at $30 I can't recommend it unless survival games are you life and tedium doesn't bore you to death."
,Recommended,320240,30072617,Posted: 20 February,all,Bome yo,I completely loved this game (or what I got to play at the moment). The scenery makes me feel sad and sometimes very happy like I took a joy pill myself. I do need to say so the AI at the moment isn't the greatest especially at night and I also think enemies should be able to run faster and stay on the character more in combat or just chasing. Beta stuff aside I love this game and if you get it I'm sure you'll love it too though I do encourage waiting till full release aswell. Thanks you dev's for making such a fantastic game!
76561198116797859,Recommended,320240,24587246,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gizmadodo,"I won't say the game is perfect but it really has potential to be a great game. The world seems to be an interesting place to explore each new time, and the game has some very creative design choices behind it. I know many were expecting a Bioshock like game when they first saw this, but personally I've really enjoyed the game even in it's Alpha stages. I do hope the game comes to PS4 as well but if not I will just have to make due on my PC. It has it's quirks with no que to when you're about to be ♥♥♥♥ed from behind after sleeping in someone elses bed for the night or a weird hit box for the player at times when it comes to explosives. And one time I got stuck in the beginning area behind a filing cabinet when I tried to jump over the first desk. I think it'd be nice to have proper bars or guages but the bubbles will suffice. Another thing is that I kind of want pickpocketing...but maybe that's just me. I've had some trouble with NPCs not being able to give them items when I clearly have them. Ex. I had a food poisoning pill on me and the guy needed one....and I couldnt give it to him...so I swallowed it in front of him. Otherwise I'm really enjoying the short amount of time I've been playing so far, and I intend to play this as much as possible for the forseable future.....even when No Mans Sky comes out."
76561198131341407,Recommended,320240,27348704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ronald Mcdonald,This game is the next generation of Bioshock I recommend it if you can tolerate having to reset your worlds in order to continue the story due to bugs
76561198068850664,Recommended,320240,26117206,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FM | Moustache du Dragon,"""We're all mad here."""
76561198043953879,Recommended,320240,31386528,Posted: 26 April,all,Stargun5502,"We happy few is a fun game, and is a survival-ish game. I think it is quite worth the 30 odd dollars needed, and for an early access, I think its the best you can get for this early in development. I've followed the game for at least 1 year now, and I have to say, playing it was a blast."
76561197969061095,Recommended,320240,24687281,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fukboi Actual,"I notice a trend in that those who would NOT recoomend the game have more often than not less than 5 hours playtime. A whole lot of experience there...It's an Alpha. Not a Beta, not a full release - an Alpha. It will have bugs and there will be kinks to work out, if none of us do so then they make their way into the full release - wherein you get to deal with them anyways. I would recommend getting the game with a  few kinks that you get to work out vs. paying 40-60 bucks later. In fact I found similar bugs that Fallout 4 has AFTER its release -♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, I am glad we found them now. Though it would be nice to know if Early access comes with any perks in the future.The gameplay is survival based and does require you to, I don't know, stay alive. Eat, sleep, repeat. Its all PART of the experience - and the difficulty. I like this game becuase these is an actual constant threat to my survival. I miss games that penalized me for being overzealous or even the concept of permadeath. Despite being silly, the game is cryptic and a puzzle in itself. The interactions are a tad repetitive, but I was more concerned with guaging what I could accomplish in the time I was awake, balancing the mechanisms of sleep/food/thirst, and finally hoarding as much as I could to make surviving easier.I enjoyed it quite a bit - looking forward to 1.0"
,Recommended,320240,24551179,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Revlotion,"We Happy Few is a refreshing new and unique take on the open roguelike survival genre. The game itself is incredibly stylish (has a bit of a bioshock infinite aesthetic to it), the controls are pretty fluid (except you walk a bit too quick for my liking), and the combat is decent (weapons break too quick). This game is great at making you feel rushed to figure out what to do since your food/thirst/tired levels go down at an annoying rate (these inhibit your stamina and its regen btw). So you might die just of being low on resources, but that's what a roguelike is about. You're going to die a decent amount of times before realy getting into a rhythm and knowing what you can and can't do. So far in my three hours of gameplay I haven't experienced any gamebreaking bugs, so We Happy Few has made me a happy customer. I recommend it for anyone who enjoys the roguelike genre and wants something new and different, but if you're skeptical about it then buy it, give yourself a 100 minute timer, and if you're dissatisfied with the game then refund it. It does feel as it it's lacking in content (hence why it's early access) so you can buy it now or wait the 6-12 months to see if its still the same price when its complete."
,Recommended,320240,24552146,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,stormiesttub,"Ark + Bioshock + Fallout = We Happy FewLook its an early access title, there are bugs its not perfect, and can seem a bit dry becuase there is no story and lots of features missing at this point in time, but its deffinaty one of the more polished alphas to come  to steam by far.But from the 2 hours i have played  this is one of the most unique games of 2016 by far.  I personaly have no probelm with the 29.99 price tag, as i wanted to fund this game on  kickstarter but i was late to the partyIts a great take on the surivial / adenture game, and i only expect it to get  better from here, the devs want to hear from the community on this and really want to make this  an instant classic."
76561197987131823,Recommended,320240,24552888,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Seth,So far so good. Alot better than other early access games ive played. Should be pretty great on release. It has some early access bugs nothing game breaking though.
,Recommended,320240,26623695,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,eLucid,"I'll start by saying that I don't usually buy pre-order games because the content is always lacking in the finished product (or it never finishes at all). We Happy Few has been a pleasant surprise in this respect:The content of the game is already plentiful, and it has nice replayability, as the map gets re generated at each new game and each new map has different sets of quests to complete. The mood the game sets is, I will admit, a creepy one but it deploys the overall story with an almost comedic twist that makes the story quite enjoyable to play through.The art style used in the game is lovely, which makes gameplay doubly enjoyable. The architecture does repeat through the maps a little bit, but overall it looks good and doesn't really get annoying to look at. It keeps a consistent style through the crumbling parts of suburban landscape and the well-kept richer parts of the city, which is nice to see.The gameplay (although still in development) is mostly excellent. There were a couple of triggers that never executed properly on my first playthrough but errors like that are to be expected in an Alpha release, and it didn't take too much away from the overall experience. I enjoyed the first-person melee combat that this delivers, which is hard to do well and they've already got it spot on in the Alpha.I can't praise this game enough, and I wait eagerly for new content to be added throughout development. The way the game is structured makes for some excellent replayability, and I love the story and mood set by the environment. Love it!"
,Recommended,320240,24542357,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,JerrettOQ,"Definitely going to be a great game. Currently, this is in EARLY ACCESS. Help the game grow to the full release by playing an early version and reporting any issues you find with the game.If you're not willing to watch the game grow (and even save a few dollars now because usually these titles increase in price on full release) then I wouldn't get this. There is no story mode until the full release and it is mostly just features and the intro to the story mode. I can't wait for the full release of this title because I know it will be a great one!EDIT: I am not a fully dedicated person to report bugs and stuff to, and this game doesn't have the amount of features I would like in the current stage. I will wait and purchase again at a later date. I have refunded it but really hope to purchase it again when it comes out. For now, I am focused on my lifting + supplements so I refunded to fund those instead so I can binge the real game when it comes out.To the devs: Keep up the great work. I was somewhat disappointed in the early access, because it is VERY VERY early access... but I am sure the final release will be absolutely amazing, and I can't wait to play it."
,Recommended,320240,24548650,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[LP] Guathix,"Started up game, took joy and thought, what could go wrong?Not even 30 seconds in, and i ""won"" The game...10/10THE SKY IS RAINBOW MAAAAAAN...(Took 30 seconds to achive this ""Victory"" But i can't do reviews with 30 seconds of play time :/)"
76561198093127053,Recommended,320240,24933259,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Secundus,"Even there is not much of a story right now since the game is in Early-Access, it is still fun to play.The more you explore about the game, the more you learn about the town people, environment and some other information about the game itself such as mechanics, crafting.Currently, the world is insanely huge but once you pass the area a few times it will be surely easy to get used to.There are lots of pros of this game as I listed on the top. Here are a few cons:- There are still lots of missing things to make people buy this game but I am sure they will be completed after the game goes live with the development being complete.- Text glitches. There are many text glitches. Our character says (for an example) ""Hi"" and in subtitle it appears as ""Hello there"". It might not seem like a major glitch but after all it is a glitch and it can confuse people in the future stages of the development.- The lack of NPC designs perhaps? There can be more.- Specially text lines created for main storyline quests. Let me tell you why I mentioned this. There is a quest which a guy who seemes to be stabbed and in need our help on the map. When you go and talk to him, our character starts the chat with the same text lines he uses for other NPCs (town people). When I did this, my character started to talk about penguins. Penguins to a guy who is bleeding. Yep, not logical at all.- The early-access perhaps could include more, at least a bit part of our starting character's plot. Currently, the game is not involved with any of our characters. I hope to see a welly made game with a great story.If you want to explore, learn and try to discover the story within the Wellington Wells without the main plot (for a while), I can suggest you the game.If you want to start the plot and see many features without any bugs and glitches and some of the cons I listed, wait for the game to finish."
,Recommended,320240,26510274,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Lillytitus,"Ive enjoyed watching this game progress and I love it so much I can't wait to follow it until the final product. Great game, so much potential <3"
,Not Recommended,320240,24602363,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Neil Breen,"This is one of those games that I really wanted to see be amazing. Although I cannot say that it is even ready to be released to the public. The story of the game is in place. It's actually quite fantastic from the short bit I saw. The gameplay is standard and subpar. I like the idea that you have to eat, drink, and sleep, but due to the in game clock going so quickly, it is a constant rush to find food and drink. You can be full of food and water and go to sleep for 24 hours to reset your exhaustion meter, but after even that time you would die of hunger and thirst. To my surprise, from the short time I played and the other reviews I read, it is not buggy, which is excellent. The developers actually tooks some time to make sure that it was a solid release, glitch wise. It is still not ready to buy, and I intend to get a refund at the moment, but I will be keeping an eye on it, and potentially repurchase it in the future."
,Recommended,320240,25959685,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shadow Lord,Nothing like getting high and bashing the head in of other druggies 10/10- IGN
76561198007079960,Recommended,320240,26265783,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ewokpeppers,I love this game! It just keeps getting better and better.
76561198003994867,Recommended,320240,31804345,Posted: 17 May,all,ZMagic97,"""We Happy Few"" is not your average game you see on Steam, and that's what made me take a look at it. I've gotten bored of zombies, survival horrors, indie style games, etc... I wanted to see something fresh. I'm not what you call a big gamer, but I find something I like and can hook to it for a long time.I gave this a shot and right off the bat I was hooked: the game can be bright, and it can be dark. Game play is fun, there are lots of small quests and ""digs"" that occupy your time really well, and the farther along you go on the main story line the more hooked you become. You can predict the story, and you constantly become intrigued.I fisnhed what the game had to offer for now, and I am hanging on the edge of my seat waiting for more."
,Not Recommended,320240,24594978,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Gravynator,"The only thing this game really has going for it is the story/art style. As a game it really falls short. This really doesnt feel like im playing a 'survival horror' game. Its way too easy to survive, it describes itself as a horror/survival but in reality this game is just a bunch of fetch quests. The enemies are only a very minor threat and the eating and drinking isnt difficult just time consuming, its a bit of a chore. Going to play more in a couple of updates but as it stands this game is super 'meh'"
,Not Recommended,320240,24735472,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ۜ۶๖Moτʜʀɪɴ εїз,"While I expected bugs in an Early Access game, I was appalled at the fact that the game could be released to the public with bugs as such. The quest in which you get your first power cell will bug out horribly if you hit the guy who gives it to you, in whom is being attacked by 3 people.Not worth it in its current state.EDIT: Getting past that quest, I ran into the quest with the man who is screaming swears at a broken pipe. The man is impassible, and the quest broken.The game is wonderful and all, and I will make a new review to the full release, but I am honestly unhappy with the purchase of early access. I would rather have allocated the money somewhere else."
76561198316318374,Not Recommended,320240,24689428,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AlienOnPc,"don't personally recommend this game , the saving options are just pathetic , the quests are so undetailed , the game starts with the perma box ticked when it should be reversed , after playing it for about an hour i opened a coin box attacked someone and my game crashed .This game has a good concept , but it's sooooooo undetailed you can't understand exactly where you have to go for example quests and where to get some items."
76561198025116160,Recommended,320240,24639904,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Woodstock,"A few glitches here and there - if you're gonna be annoyed at that wait until the full release.That said this game is a rare gem amongst a sea of copy cats and rehashes. Try if you're looking for something different and don't mind the early access nature of the game.Fun gameplay, interesting storyline and a really surreal feeling I've not had since the original Bioshock."
,Not Recommended,320240,24675165,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sherlock,"When purchasing an Early Access game, you pay for whatever state the game is currently in, with no promise of the game improving any further. It is a donation. And, at this time, this title is not worth the $29.99 asking price. While the prologue is compelling, and indeed, quite enjoyable, about 30 minutes to an hour of progression later you are left with not much of the main story, repetitive lines from the NPCs and frustratingly quick draining of in game needs. A crafting system that rewards hording is coupled with an extremely limited inventory system one would expect from an Action RPG causes one to run back and forth between looting, and the hideout the player has. The random generation is welcome, though permadeath and story driven games do not couple well typically, and this is no exception. Dying when permadeath is off seems to be a positive thing. For losing some easily replenishable flower petals (and in game time, which seems to not matter), you get full health, food, water, and sleep. This game needs to be balanced. Weapons feel floaty and weightless. $10 would be a better price, but until the game gets either more content, or cheaper, save your money."
76561198132027582,Recommended,320240,30789024,Posted: 28 March,all,a dead cockroach,This is probably my most favourite game. It is challenging and fun but feels incomplete so i recommend waiting until later development where it is nearly complete. Overall it is a really good game. 10/10 recomended
76561198061058786,Not Recommended,320240,24573365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Lubricated Thimble,Good game I guess. Worth FIFTY BUCKS?! Hell nah. Wait for a huge sale.
,Recommended,320240,35382710,Posted: 1 October,all,S8MedikGG,"WHF is a unique and challenging game. The story driven lore and gameplay is a breath of freah air ( or is it? the joy must be wearing off). For some of us ""older"" gamers, we enjoy the retro aspect of the game and understand the cultural references and outlandish fashion statements from a time some of us actually lived through (I just looked at my school picture, Shivers).Over the past  months the game is coming together, gameplay is polishing up nice and yes there has been a price bump, but it takes capital to make a product that crosses platforms. I have read the reviews of those who believe they are entiltled to awesome content in Beta and Alpha versions, don't be a bunch of downers and just enjoy the process. Compulsion Games has gone over and above to listen and include early player input and make the community a part of the development process (insert local political/ governmental  snarky remark here). Whether the game becomes great or fails, remember we all had a say.Sorry for the mini rant, I see a game developed with a passion for something new and visually exciting and not a ""Half Life"" shot in the dark (Yes I went there, you know what I am talking about). Enjoy the ride baby, it's all groovy!Remember a joy a day, keeps the bobbies away!"
76561198169269792,Not Recommended,320240,34770988,Posted: 6 September,all,be6as6t6ly,shouldnt buy this game cause i bought it before it doubled in price but yeah i wouldnt stand for what they have done gearbox can go to hell for that one
,Not Recommended,320240,24745186,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DinHerio,"The trailers and even the beginning of the game were extremely promising. But then it just cuts off very rapidly and you awake in a 2/10 survival world. Like EVERY SINGLE OTHER survival (sandbox) game in EA, I doubt it will ever be feature complete.They should have focused on a Bioshock-esque deep story-driven linear utopian thriller game, because that's exactly what the marketing promised. But hey, ... I refunded and let my voice speak. Ring me if the game is out of EA, maybe I'll take a second look at it, together with DayZ."
76561197965346046,Not Recommended,320240,29131368,Posted: 8 January,all,martycharon,"Gameplay is unbalanced.  You can't really enjoy the core game because too much weight is given to sleeping, eating and drinking liquids.  You will die of hunger very quickly, but only because you weren't lucky enough to stumble across some food.  And when you die, you get to start over again from the shelter, repeating all of the quests and trying to get back to where you left off.  You won't enjoy the quests the 2nd and 3rd time because you just freakin' did them already and it will make the 2nd or 3rd time you die even more frustrating.Imagine driving a car with poor fuel economy and only a one-gallon gas tank.  You'd spend all your fuel and time looking for gas stations instead of reaching your destination.   Now, apply that to sleeping, eating and drinking while you play a video game.I played this game for 4.9 hours and actually made it to the next region, where I contracted a plague, adding another countdown-death-timer.  The game didn't explain anything about the plague and provided no clue how to remove it.  So, I now had to sleep far too frequently, forage for food that often doesn't materialize, keep refilling my 3-drink canteen, all while trying to also not die from a plague that I had no idea how to get rid of.If they would create a weenie level where you can go much longer before you starve, dehydrate or choke on your own vomit, I'll give this game another go.  Until then, it's just too frustrating."
,Not Recommended,320240,24916568,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Araqiels,"Not recommended in early access, was boring as hell.Okay, let me be more specific. There wasn't much else to do other than have to sleep, and eat often. It couldn't hold my interest, and I'm a big fan of indie, and survival games."
,Recommended,320240,34443735,Posted: 23 August,all,FlyingMongoose,"Note: I supported this game prior to Steam Purchases and official Early Access.So, here's the deal, I find myself having a personal experience with this game, see at a very young age I was diagnosed with ADD (not so much the hyperactivity). In doing so I had been placed on medication (Ritalin then), that I continued to take all the way up until about early high school. Then I realized something, that medication only helped me to complete the tasks around me as those around me wanted me to complete them. I had no imagination, I wound up being less talkative, and quite frankly, depressed.I intentionally stopped taking my medications at that time (Adderal by then) and found myself to be much more awake and aware of my surroundings, including knowing that those around me, (siblings, parents, and even people who claim they are trying to help me [educators]) were pushing these medication on me, not to make me smarter, or a better learner, but so that I wouldn't ""act out"" (basically outside the norm). I was never violent, I was never actually a problem, yeah I annoyed some people here or there, but I was never the ""bounce of the walls that kid needs meds"" kind of person.This is why We Happy Few really strikes home with me, the drug fueled society is basically a proxy of what I grew up with, that directly resonates with me personally, this is also why, while I do not see this as a game for everyone, those with personal experiences such as mine would appreciate it even moreso than those who just look at it as ""heh, cool, drugs"".So, to those who wish to experience a society in which you are shunned for NOT being on your meds I highly recommend this game and will continue to do so for some time. Excellent work Compulsion, and congratulations on the partnership with Gearbox, contrary to the negative statements others have made (because they don't have their Borderlands 3 yet) it will be a great partnership and I look forward to continuing to support you on other platforms as well.I would like to point out, by the way, there are people who do legitimately need medication to help them properly function in this world, and they are welcome to do so. It is just my experience that these things harmed me more than helped me. Many others will have other experiences.This is a review meant to convey the experience moreso than the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,320240,24748548,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Warm Guy,"Ok we happy few as of right now i can not reccomend.  It is currently in early alpha which i understand what that means and the type of product that comes out of it however this game is quite literally unplayable however,that does not mean i dont like it.  I can almost gurantee by the timr it comes out next year it will be one of my favorite games because the gameplay is fun, it is a challenging game,the story and art style is awesome,the characters and ai are pretty good.  However with the current game it is kinda a mess. Firstly they cut out a lot. I payed for this and my first complete run through of what is availabe took me about 8 hours but could easily be rushed in 5 and done in 2 if you know what you are doing which is kinda crazy for a currently $30 game.  Mind you they did you know...completely take out the story and judging from the current ending this is literally the opening sequence of one of the three characrters so by the time the game comes out i assume there will be much more to do.  The voice acting is great however there is a very small range of variety in quotes when interacting with the characters but i guess they will add in more later.  Another thing that they will fix but currently is broken is balancing.  Fatigue happens way too often. I know it is a survival game but i have to find a safe place to sleep very often.  Now the buggs and holy ♥♥♥♥ they are game ruining bugs.  The major bugs i have run into do not let me proceed in the story as they do not register me doing something on the quest book so i may give someone something that i can only get once and it doesnt register or me getting an item and it not being in my inventory.  The only way to fix it is to restart the entire game from the beginning.  Others gliches include minor things such as no dialogue and character models not appearing.  So over all right now dont buy the game unless you know what an alpha is and aware of what the game will belike because of the alpha stage but when it is fully released im sure it will be one of my favorite games.  And if you plan on buying it, might as well buy it now cause they are gonna raise the price when it is fully released.  TLDR great game but buggy and short (as of its current model)"
76561198083592812,Recommended,320240,24589759,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DDOS + Hax,"ProsEngaging atmosphere. Graphics are good for this type of game.You being forced to take Joy is also another interesting aspect.ConsLike all the others have said, you have to feed and rest your character way too much.There are also no markers for important quests and I'm not even sure if some of these quests work at all.I get to the Holm bridge, and it says I need farajay(something like that)'s code and then it also gives me this quest about Constable Turner?! What? They're not even marked on my map and I don't even know where he's located. The quest to get the code to the bridge and advance confuses me. Is it just broken or incomplete? Am I just a stupid person?Also the way in which I die is really cheap at times. Like for example, the bridge that leads to the Garden's from that happy town has you play a game of Simon Says, and I'm pretty sure it's nearly impossible to complete the last portion of the game. There are 6 lit platforms that you have to step on scattered around the room, and there are spankers to damage you if you're not quick. The spankers I believe can kill you before you're able to reach even the 5th platform.No help or hints at all about where to get resources to craft essential items.Overall there are definitely balancing aspects that need to be improved. I don't know how that Simon Says is game was supposed to work but it seemed damn impossible to even reach all platforms before the spankers electrocute you to death. There is also the obvious need to complete and polish the game overall, and to fix the broken quests and add more markers on the map to guide players."
76561198144442240,Recommended,320240,24590778,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MSgt Sunshine,"We all love a good dystopia. Dishonered, Clockwork Orange, Bioshock, Farenheit 451, 1984 and now We Happy Few. Yes it is early access. Very little to do in game. Would I recommend that someone buys it? Yes. Yes I would. But be warned and be patient. The wait for additional content will be hard in this era of fast-food and high speed internet."
76561197970527726,Recommended,320240,25459034,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hamburgerhelper,"The good news - with a very open world and many new quests, I'm becoming addicted to this.  Bad new - infrequently but annoyingly, I'll be way in and suddenly I'm on my desktop, game gone.  Good news - I go back in, maybe a little before the bomb, not always where I was, but inventory appears untouched.We Happy Few has the appearance, feel and overall weirdness of Bioshock.  I finally came across a moment with an entire town chasing me and mercifully I escaped.  Just makes me more afraid to return.  I wimped out and got rid of permadeath, because you really need to keep coming back to progress in my opinion.  I like the combat, feels more real - hits don't always land, fatigue plays into it."
,Recommended,320240,24857288,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,skeeter boy,This game really made me want toss grenades at grannies
,Recommended,320240,25003907,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,fnt Xd,"great game, huge fan and a lot of potential"
,Recommended,320240,24560045,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Shadow Beast Worm,We Happy few was exactly how I expected it to be one of the greatist games I have ever played im still currently in the wastrel distict trying to figure more of the game out but the very feel of the game is great there are however some bugs but it is early release but I think its  10/10 perfect.
76561198240812668,Recommended,320240,29627556,Posted: 1 February,all,bo$$ de bo$$,"That was the best gam I ever played!I am waiting for updates and for the 1.0 version!Oh and please add if you are  killed by a ""Policeman"" ( I do not remember how they were called)you will be judgen and then surprise! The judge is ... your mom! And then she will say you: you have 2 potions take your joy or go to the jail if you go to the jail you will need to escape somehow I am waiting to see your idea :) and if you take your joy you will need to be EVERYTIME on joy and  dont use weapons but if you will you will go to jail New i want for you guys to do something else: To add something like a dialogue with your uncle when you escape! If I will see everything in this gameI will be very happy!-The number one fan"
,Recommended,320240,24569293,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Authorize,"Got beat up by a gang of woman after stealing their kettle10/10 would steal againBut in all honesty, looking at these reviews I think people are missing the fact that this is in Early Access stage. Sure there are lots that can be worked on, and the story line hasn't even been put in yet but that's the entire point of Early Access. Still, I find the game very enjoyable as I play through the side quests and fight crazy people."
76561198021395453,Recommended,320240,24992769,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SharK,Even though I'm not the real Harry I feel as snug as a bug in a rug when I play this game. I know it is still in early access but I see great potential in this game. I really hope the Devs already know that this could be an extremely great game if it gets developed with alot of effort.
76561198160365739,Recommended,320240,24671310,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,=KSK-Cpt.Phantom,good game!9/10
,Recommended,320240,29120383,Posted: 8 January,all,diaage,I'm so glad I bought this game!!
,Recommended,320240,24760060,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CHAD,"I have put 20 hours into the game already and i can say it is amazing. As of right now there are alot of glitches but it is an early access game. Everyone says the survival meters are killing the game but you dont have to eat/drink/sleep the second the meters lower, and in my opinion i think the meters work just like a real humans ""meters"" work. so just overall the game is amazing and it will only get better."
76561198086908460,Recommended,320240,24598884,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,thunderbolt,PLEASE READ THIS TO ALL PEOPLE WRITING NEGATIVE REVIEWS .THIS IS A GAME IN ALPHA AND YOU EXPECT A FULLY DONE GAME ALREADY .IT WONT BE DONE FOR 6-12 MONTHS THEY SAIDBUT AT LEAST THE DEVS ARE LISTENING UNLIKE OTHER GAMESTHERE HAS BEEN 5 UPDATES IN 3 DAYS .IM GONNA GO OUT ON A LIMB AND SAY THATS PRETTY GOODanyway this game is amazing and well made but it has potential and it very fun to scavenge. i find bugs and glitches where the game misread what happened but hey its in alpha like i said anyway i promote this game to anyone who wants it
76561198081117396,Recommended,320240,25404966,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,smol bean™,"I see everyone complain about how hard it is to find food and water and suggest that they should remove the hunger/thirst feature. I recommend to just explore the god damn game. It's really not that hard at all.Anyway, the game is VERY aesthetically pleasing and for the most part responsive. Even if things aren't working right there are developer codes/cheats you can use to help fix your problems.By the way, this is ALPHA, people. There WILL be bugs."
76561198037424434,Recommended,320240,24584724,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TheBlackSheep,"I love it so far, its a great game that I hope will be even greater! So if you want to buy right now do it, cuz its Boss sauce."
,Recommended,320240,26474674,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hammerheart,"Very good action adventure game with survival elements and an open world to explore, interesting plot and characters, fun crafting mechanic and solid combat. A little buggy but expected from an early access title, would recommend for Action-Adventure fans."
76561198076525800,Recommended,320240,24541873,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sirlepepe,Thats Pretty Good!
,Recommended,320240,24540605,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Gamer X,I thought I found a gamebreaking bug that got me stuck in the initial spawn safehouse but then I took my joy.
76561198146522541,Recommended,320240,24540749,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,khermerker,"Ok this game is good and for be a EA is fine...still have some problems....ok first is a scarvenger game, and you will be looking for things to eat, drink and where sleep. the time runs kinda fast and give you a lot of side quest to do. the fight system is ok...is like a skyrim and is a open game. that is you decide what to do and when. controls are fine, game respond well and ai of guys are good.Now the bad things, first i sitll dont finish any quest...why you say...cause ask you things get that you dont know where to get....you have map yup but is worthless except for go to your hideout and sleep...you can't mark things on map example you found where you can craft items...well open map and remember it well or you will be sorry later. Now find things is a pain...i have 4 missions of dig and still don't have the item for dig...i think i explore all map so that dont exist or im blind too blind. Ask eat ok...find food well that its not so easy... you will be really struggling cause again your map is worthless items replish after sometimes but if you forgot where are the guys that get a good stew you are screw...btw you can't make food yourself...at least for now ...i mean i dont see how make a stew but you get ingredents that have to eat, remember you need a food poison item for not get problems later.Last and probably my biggest problem...is hard kill...yup get people down is not hard..but if you dont kill them they will get up...not so bad if you want they replish their house but when you dont want that happen you will be wondering...he is down... how come i can't kill him. Get weapons for kill is a bigger pain more than get food,,,,1.6h and still can't anything appart of run find food, sleep and drink...i had open a lot of places have a lot of materials but can't find the important elments for make all work, you need tape for almost all and you probably will find 3 weapons for kock out before get 1 tape....This game is a EA and for be a EA is fine, still need some tuning like tape be more comon that other things, that you have access to deadly weapons...really a knife for kill after knockout is fine too. that you can mark things on map for not get lost... and also a got a quest of find a doll ...game says go to place in map and get the doll...guess what my map dont have any place where i can get a doll...."
76561198204370448,Recommended,320240,24540348,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SCOTTICUS,"The artstyle and the design of this game is outstanding, it gives you a Bioshock feel and A Clockwork Orange."
76561197981257936,Recommended,320240,24770755,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,duckduckgoosed,"Story premise, 1984 Owellian Dystopia set in 1960's Britain.Atmosphere is cheery! in a waking nightmare gone wrong, in a bleak future with a broken societal framework with an even bleaker outlook, style of way.The beginning storyline holds great promise, in EA, not much story ingame, a few quests, no clues, no backstory, no incentive to continue. This will change as currently WHF is fleshing out the mechanics and artwork and locales.Playthrough, interesting premise, the important meters are health, hunger, and thirst. Health you lose when you go all in a fist to cuff situation without thinking things through. There are ways around most obstacles that ive found, both violent and nonviolent that solve a task. Hunger and thirst based on movement, time, and agility used. I found many canteens and a few water spots, (check indoor for faucets too), leading to nearly infinite water, so my only concern was health recovery and food, i found one spot for food ideally, but it means a large investment of time but could equate with a nearly infinite food source.With basics covered, it was on to the quests, (sorry not really any storyline ingame yet), some quests are scattered litterally over different districts that to complete a quest and get the related prize, it became inversely proportional to the work required as the reward. IE cross 2 islands fetch a mid level item, for a low level prize thats already outclassed by items found on the quest island if you had done any type of random rummaging while on that target island, if you just ran to quest target and back and ignored everything else, then yes, the reward for the original quest was level adequateFInal verdict, shows great promise and a great addition to survival horror with a unique premise thats not zombie or nuclear or viral. I look forward to the coming months as they flesh out the quests and make them more balanced in regards to time and effort vs reward, and especially the growth of the storyline."
,Recommended,320240,24782080,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lightning,"I'm going to review this game for what it is and will it be later (from what i've seen while playing.the ""Story"" as we have been shown and i have seen:You are a young man who stops taking his happy pills, and must escape from this hell hole of an island. - In shortMuch of the story itself has been left out, which is good becuase it allows the developers to show off all the game has without providing an unfinished story, some may disagree and say there is story, but i believe they kept in enough to lay a foundation for your character, but not develop him past the inital introduction.The gameplay at the moment is pretty solid, for what there is.Each main island is randomly generated for the most part, with some areas that always spawn and some areas that randomise for quests.Speaking of quests, there are about 15 or so quests i would say at the moment, and they vary on the world spawn, as theyre are different kinds of bridges that can spawn in place of ones you may encounter on your first playthrough.Moving back on to the islands, each island has ""houses"" that spawn on them (of varying quality depending on the island) and these houses are enterable contain the best loot for that island usually, they also contain beds, traps (also island dependant) and sometimes books you can pickup, which provide passive bonuses to your character (such as more damage, better durability for crafted weapons etc.) They also, surprisingly enough, usually have inhabitants, which don't take kindly to tresspassers and theifs.Each island contains a safe house most of the time with some supplies in, a personal safe (which is a global storage box that is persistant in every safehouse, same inventory no matter what.) And sometimes a crafting bench or two, which is required for the more complex craftables in the game.The crafting system is ok and improving greatly (if you compare the public and beta branches, theyre quite different.) and has a multitude of unlockable recipies (which are unlocked by finding notes, completeing quests or obtaining all the items required to craft that item, then the recipie appears for some).The movement is really smooth and fun, i could probably spend hours parkouring around the starting island, there are a few bugs with the movement, which is down to the ""ledge grab"" mechanics, which can result in getting stuck in things like stairs and whatnot, but its mostly occured in wellington (the joy island).The engine it runs on is UE4, which makes the game look stunning while being pretty well optimised, i'm personally able to run it on max with my I5 4670K and R9380 with little to no issues.the TLDR; Ill give the game, as it is a solid 9/10, its fun to play, looks great, and you can mess around with console commands if your on the dev branch, which i recommend as it has alot of fixed stuff as well as new stuff.i will be writing an ultimate guide on this game too! look out for that."
,Recommended,320240,24898890,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ishca,Happy to experience the slow and traumatic death of food poisoning after some joy. Nice day for it.
76561197964351742,Recommended,320240,24849446,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,有力！,"For the first 10 mins of playing this game, im already loving it.nice story, awsome art and desgin, and dont forget to mention that, the british accent makes the situation even wireder.this game does have a lot more works to be done, but its worth a shot now."
,Recommended,320240,24715643,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,The concept is awesome. The AI of the people are great. The story so far is nice. But it's not what it seems >:)TakeYourJoy
,Recommended,320240,24808734,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,[GFYS]NoMercyJon,"In a society where everything is, peachy, you my good friend are not, you downer. Set in an alternate timeline, We Happy Few, is a survival and crafting game at its root. Now, add in some good ole humor, british type(although it's made by Candians), odd little side quests, and pills that make the world oh so vibrant, you get, well this.While there are some bugs, quests not disappearing, some slight hit box issues, and stuff just being a little, odd, the game play is there. Sure, I only have 5 hours now, but I'm sure to add on to that just as this game will have more added into it. Plus, I'm still working to get across that damned bridge.Tl;Dr If you like humor, and survival with crafting, get this game. If not, you're a downer and nobody, nobody likes a downer.This by the way is an Alpha review, I may update it later."
,Recommended,320240,24911788,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Hexxic,"Keeping this review fairly short;I already love it. Like legit. I did the prologue and had a quick mess around.Its polished and gripping and fun.It's flat out fantastic.The bit with the Pinata..You'll know when you see it.I started a LP of it, Just Last night, So if you fancy watching the prologue before buying, Here's episode 1~https://youtu.be/4g29FaX5mjkI can physically not wait for the whole story when it leaves alpha."
,Recommended,320240,24542726,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Joum,"Don't listen to the negative reviews ,these guys are a bunch of downers!"
,Recommended,320240,24883616,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,C3eMo_ @Army for 6 months (away),"""I wish I died in the bombings"""
,Recommended,320240,26640174,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"The concept is like Half-Life 2 with a twist, this game is very basic although the base of the game makes my mind wonder to how great this game really is. So far i'm liking it because of its story and base concept. The story is mediocre, but I think it will vary in its updates and in its release.:UPDATE:I have seen this game grow massively, the price has risen to a triple A quality game price. This is worrying but if it helps the developers progress I am more than happy to participate. I love the newest update to the UI, AI and of cource the missions. Would I still recommend this game?I think it has a lot of potential especially in its lore, if you are here to experience a immersive story than this may have your interest. If not and you're looking for a more combat and action oriented game, this will not be for you.8.5/10"
76561198100948729,Recommended,320240,24567182,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,✾Little Nova✾,Prepare to be chased by happy people who aren't happy but then they are happy and you're not happy and..... *brain explodes*
,Recommended,320240,24770564,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fantastic Mr Foxy,the happiest game of the year :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
,Recommended,320240,24590142,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kootra99,"This is a VERY fun game on its own it doesnt need to have a MAIN story it has a BUNCH of other game mechanics from Fallout, Bioshock, Sir, your are being hunted and i love each and every one of those THE ONLY BAD THING ABOUT THIS GAME IS THAT THE FOOD, THIRST, SLEEP MECHANICS YOU LITERALLY HAVE TO DRING EAT AND SLEEP LITERALLY EVERY FEW MINIUTES THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED AND THEN AFTER THAT IT WOULD BE 'Game of the Year'"
,Recommended,320240,24978644,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mini Ladd's Forehead,Absolutely amazing. Couldn't of asked for a better game to play.
76561198207381643,Recommended,320240,24979744,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,katsoncatsoncats,This game is fantastically creepy and a lot of fun! There are of course a fair amount of room for improvement but it definitely has a ton of potential! Highly recommend!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,320240,27514249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vile Valicanth,10/10 Would be a downer forever.
,Recommended,320240,27490498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CrazyGinge x,An interesting look into what our world will be like once weed is legalized.
,Recommended,320240,24925977,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,brayden,"beat the main story and most the side quests in 3.5 hours, if you get this game take your time as it is quite easy, cant wait till they release the rest of the story plus the other characters, great game but save your money until its fully out, not just early access"
76561198030756613,Recommended,320240,24539857,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,#AhNutterz,"If you like stealth games and you like Bioshock's dark world you will love We Happy Few. The few gripes I have with this game I am sure will be addressed in some capatcity before launch. I look forward to seeing what the future has in store for this title, but I do enjoy it in its current state. If you have any intrest in this game pick it up and give it a try you will more than likely not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,320240,24550873,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,KakaKrabbypatty,Wow. That's one charismatic duck. Hmm... That gives me an idea.
,Recommended,320240,24537716,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,*Sam,"*Early Access Review*Got this game after looking at the trailers and a friend telling me about it.We Happy Few is a survival game set in a very dark/sad 1960's England.Was stoked about playing the game because it looked really interesting. But wasn't up to my expectations. The game is a bit (too) ""easy"" when it comes to surviving, you find food fast and escaping from people after you break into their house is even easier. You literally win the game if you take Joy in the prologue. I didn't get very far in the game, but the 'joy' for the game ran out pretty fast.If you're considering buying this game think a bit first, look at some videos, read reviews because  the game is in very early access and has a lot of stuff missing (like the FULL story) and a few bugs that I had the time to encounter. (The bridge you take to get further in the game, literally didn't exist for me, that kind of bug. I played this game for roughly 40 minutes and I didn't feel it. The game is good and I love the setting, but the game is missing A LOT. If you really want the game, get it. If you ""sort-of-want-it"", get it when it is released or wait a couple of months, devs have said it's going to be fully released in 6 to 12 months. This game is being actively developed from what I've understood and it's being backed by Microsoft Studios, which basically gives us some hope that this game won't be forgotten.This game right now gets a 4.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,320240,24637458,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Fearless MELON MAN,"Its pretty fun, great concept and gameplay that will only get better. though you will run into some bugs (as expected of early access) and the price tag of $30 may be a bit much for all thats in the game now. I would rather pay $30 for a game that is fun and has cool things to do already then pay $60 for the game later when you can already have fun playing it now for less."
,Recommended,320240,24539033,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SlaughterDog199,"I am suggesting you to buy it now.Not because it is ready.It crashes a lot, and the video is not realy fluid.But it is worth it.This way they are gonna work faster, to finish a really nice game."
,Recommended,320240,24936896,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,BellumNine,Very cool game can't wait to see what else gets added!
76561198244653846,Recommended,320240,24700627,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DarkSky,希望出官方中文谢谢
,Recommended,320240,25889266,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bonnie Kiwi,"Not quite sure what to make of this game as of yet. I mean, It's good, it is. But... I feel like there's a lot more to do before it's really enjoyable (Yes, I am aware that it is Early Access) - It seems very polished, looks great and it's a great concept. There's just something missing. Looking forward to the full release!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-viC5pCYb8"
76561198332417237,Recommended,320240,26194945,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ChronicAce00,This game is BEAUTIFUL. And has alot going for it. Im very happy I decided to purchase this game. :) Cant wait to get deeper into the story .
,Recommended,320240,26202127,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mount48,I enjoyed we happy few and I get that it is in early access but at the current time there's not enough content for a price that high. When I first bought it i was very disappointed with the lack of content but then got over it after more updates came out. I would recommend that you wait for the game to come out of early access before you buy to get a better experiencefor a price tag like this. At the moment I would say it Is about 7/10
76561198081427461,Recommended,320240,26313885,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RedRidingHood13,Great job Compulsion.
,Recommended,320240,26562122,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hazercom,"Fantastic game! Very story rich with nice survival elements. Depending on whether you play these types of games you might find it pretty hard, but don't be put off, it's a good thing."
76561197963862081,Recommended,320240,28343503,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ANNE eLK,"This is not the normal kind of game I play, it's a beta game so it's still in development. I just love this game so far, the open world is the best I've ever seen, it looks beautiful, the flowers, rainbows and the moon is magic. The developers keep us up to date weekly and also answer questions in the discussions forums, their communication with customers is flawless. I hope this game make the developers a pot of gold, they really deserve it...."
76561198062242400,Recommended,320240,30279311,Posted: 2 March,all,Aerolin,"Amazing art style, witty dialogue and packed full of misery - it's basically an accurate representation of England  under Darth May's government!Well done devs! Cant wait for the full game to be released with expansions such as ""Just Kill the Plebs"" and ""Send the sick to the sewers""In all seriousness it's a great game set in an immersive Dystopian world that is fast becoming a reality! Play it for practice on post Brexit survival!"
,Recommended,320240,30348533,Posted: 5 March,all,Arya.was.taken,"Even though this game is only in Alpha state the developers actually have put in dedicated effort it seems. Very few bugs, near perfect game. I absolutely love it cant wait for the full version to come out."
,Recommended,320240,26155108,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Devilncarnate,"Its a great game for just doing stuff in an interesting world. I will say at this moment if your looking for story and a compelling drive, it is not here. It is promised and i am looking forward to it, but right now its just a fun side mission game."
76561198072962699,Recommended,320240,26187921,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TheAngryMexican,u got a long ways to go before it looks like advisted. but still looks great and plays good for being in alpha! very exicted to see what it looks like when its done
,Recommended,320240,26406672,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,nookills,"Just played my first hour of We Happy Few. Already in this early stage, I LOVE the feel it has and I am so excited to see where it wil lead.So much so I will have to cosplay an inspired look from the game as NOOKILLS COSPLAY(www.instagram.com/nookills).Roll on more play time and the updates :D 'SNUG AS A BUG ON A DRUG!' x"
76561198007389392,Recommended,320240,26587006,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheGhost,Just love it!!!
76561198239254420,Recommended,320240,28086095,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bluebell,"I enjoyed this game it is a real pick me up game and lot of fun and things to do, some of the lines are fantastic for picking up friends who are down =) even knowing that there is more to come I just can't wait to see more."
76561197970840857,Recommended,320240,28148643,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,petmypaw,Fun to play but it's buggy.  I think it's worth the price.  I'm stopping at 11 hours and waiting for the next update.
,Recommended,320240,28170068,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Klodabear,Dont forget to take your joy...... ♥♥♥♥ that im gonna be sad and youll just have to like it.Played this game for some hours thought it was pretty fun cant wait till more content rolls around. Currently stuck in an area because i messed some things up cant remember what though.
,Recommended,320240,28210741,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,phat (trading) csgoroll.com,"I am very excited for the final release of this game, but for not the early release is not worth the money.I bought this I think back in september and the develepors have made a lot of improvements to the game. But theres somuch more work that has to be done on this game. Theres a couple bugs here and there and some things might leaveyou confused but the game has a lot of potential *especially if it would have an online mode with the final release* but fornow its not worth the money unless you want to test it out and see the early stages of this game for youtself."
76561198127945478,Recommended,320240,30304832,Posted: 3 March,all,Tall Morty,"interesting concept and fun to play for a few hours, im looking forward to seeing how this game developes"
76561198331696954,Recommended,320240,25893669,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,hiawattwacraftr,"Are you Arthur Enerst Hastings, or rather: Arthur Hastings. The same begins accepting/censoring some documents, but he read one that said about him, Arthur and his brother Percy. Reminiscing about his past, he stops taking the pills of happiness and begins to be a downer, noting that you were a Wellie. And that day was going to be a piñata, after accepting and censor the document, you can get up from your Chair and go to the room where he would celebrate the piñata, but when you tap on it, your drug (JOY) ends and you see that it was a dead rat. And other things happen.My opinion:This game has a few bugs, but gives you a difference of wealth and poverty, has a great gameplayand is one of my favorite games from steam, the graph is very nice and most important of all the fun, but also has a footprint of terror very cool.My note for this wonderful game is:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Bugs: 3/10Terror: 5/10Fun: 10/10Addictive: 10/10Soundtrack: 8/10Sound of the game (when you hit someone, you take things ...): 10/10Difficulty: 8/10Attention redoubled on permanent death: 10/10So my final grade for this game is: 10.0This is the end of my review, Oh, and remember to take your JOY!hahahaha"
,Recommended,320240,29390125,Posted: 20 January,all,IOn Vash,"Its already really good and no where near finished, cant wait to see how it turns out later on."
,Recommended,320240,25051338,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Italian Peasant,good survival game been waiting since kickstarter to have it and so far im not dissapointed my fps is locked to 60 graphics are lovely and the new quests and many elemnts in the agme make its replay valuable immense i cannnot wait for the game to get a full release out of early access
76561198151113027,Recommended,320240,30948674,Posted: 4 April,all,DatGnome,"Hi this is an Early Access Game so that means that there wil be bugs in the game. But compulsion games will add to and fix whats in the game, and in some cases they will even add a whole bunch of stuff in to the game. i recommend this for people with bad internet and people who is going on holydays where there is small internet or sometimes no internet this game does not need eny internet at all. Right now there is lots off quests and exploring to do it has alot off funny random encounters and its just fun the see those wastrels throw rocks at you. Well thats about it so go and take payback on those wastrels."
76561198368525183,Recommended,320240,31041186,Posted: 9 April,all,dorenbosch93,this is one of the best games i played in a long time!!!!if you want mistery. if you want to fight. if you love a open world where you could get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked.or just want to play for the creepy and fun style this game brings.i say download. its awsome fun to play and there is always something new to find.the game play is already great. and the game isnt even finished.
,Recommended,320240,30977201,Posted: 6 April,all,EgN | Sibblet,This game was incredibly fun and enjoyful to play and when the game comes out of beta i will probably re-purchase.But for now as it is still in Beta i have had to request a refund due to many bugs and fixes still being needed/present.I got stuck in a trashcan after hiding from the popo.I got stuck in a window frame after jumping out of a window.NPC quest givers/recievers not being where they should.Items for quests not being where they should.It is a huge shame that ive had to return the game as i thoroughly enjoyed playing what little of the story i could do(since the rest of it was bugged) however i do look forward to the game being finished and released with more things to do and see. This game is promising and i hope the developers do not let this game go.For people who still want to purchase this game: BE AWARE THAT IT IS STILL IN BETA.
,Recommended,320240,31070224,Posted: 10 April,all,TechnoFreak13,"This one's actually starting to grow on me. Can't believe it's still in Alpha, it's a great game!!! Quite fun and frightening at times, definitely worth a try!"
,Recommended,320240,31403979,Posted: 27 April,all,Deadahead,"This is Early Access done right people! What an outstanding game in all aspects.  Great graphics, atmosphere, storytelling, the works! Cannot wait for the finished product, it has only gotten better with each update.  10/10"
,Recommended,320240,31532915,Posted: 3 May,all,TheToastFiend,"I have waited to write this review for a few updates just to make sure that my opinions didnt change as the game did. I can happly say they didnt, I love this game. Everytime I play I find myself being sucked into this delightfully dark british world, I love the time period (I'm a history major) and the art style is lovely. Even without the story mode yet  I think this game is worth it, and highly recoomend you grab it and come along for the ride."
76561198059967518,Recommended,320240,26159151,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Big Blue Wolf,"This game os extremely well done. I havent played it long but already I am fully emersed in the extremely deep, mind-opening post apocalyptic universe. The opening cutscene is brilliant and when they add more genuine story to the game I think it will be one of the best games on the market. With the option to turn on and off permadeath it makes it extremely enjoyable for the hardcore gamers and the more casual ones.10/10"
,Recommended,320240,25160770,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DaavPuke,"Classy survival game with quirky quests, freely found through exploration.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWI8uprokZEHave yourself a lovely, bizarre time in the world where all is hell, erm, well."
,Recommended,320240,24551875,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Derek,Did you take your joy?If so you just beat the game in 2 minutes.10/10
76561197970514284,Recommended,320240,24605251,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,PiTTnj,"I'm a Downer. A Downer that likes what I see already and am happy to have invested in this game now (missed the kickstarter, insanely). I'm exploring what's been given to us and like the future as a Downer. Joy is for losers (hopefully losers I help liberate). A dystopian environment for the conflict source, crafting via scavaging and exploration plus inventiveness has got to equal a good time now, and again after each update by the devs.There are bugs for some quests, but there's always other things to do. The combat systems (hand-to-hand and melee weapons is the best I've seen since Zeno Clash) and crafting are already engaging and bound to get better. The stylized art design is top-notch and the NPCs are annoying in all the right ways.Looking forward to playing til I'm bored now and returning for full play throughs with every upgrade."
76561198165728601,Recommended,320240,24627609,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Testosterone,The game was amazing but it had a few bugs which i will let go as its in alpha it sometimes bugs out at certain spots for example i had to restart my game when i had poured like 11 hours into it but as i enjoyed it everystep of the way i still recommend this game to anyone one and everyone who was thinking of buying it.
,Recommended,320240,24548692,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LouiseMax369,Love it!!! But can I have the console command back?
,Recommended,320240,24728888,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,brianmaddog,"from what i have seen, its good, but on my computer it only gets 04-05 frames... i dont know if this is persistent problem because it really sucks, this game looks awesome"
,Recommended,320240,24540593,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fasty_Whale,more drugs pls
76561198011388793,Recommended,320240,24540932,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fake Taxi,The game recommends you take drugs!
76561197994451284,Recommended,320240,24546396,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zerby,First PlaythroughChose not to remember.Took my Joy and had a Joyful life.The End.Second PlaythroughBecomes a Downer.Hate the muted and depressing world.Find Joy and take it.Enjoy frolicking in the saturated world.Lets self be stone to death by someone who judges.Dies.10/10 Would died happy all over again and again.
,Recommended,320240,24547441,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lip Service,I'm glad the game crashes or I'd never stop taking my Joy™
76561198105787125,Recommended,320240,24548391,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blackster,"Don't think about where the game is currently, think about where it wil be. Theres some Joy for you."
,Recommended,320240,24549192,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Flash_Australian,Three hours in so far.touched a diseased body.THE DOG IS NOT %#@&-ING REAL!!!got bashed by a batshit insane family.10/10 joy is acid
76561198037224895,Recommended,320240,24549460,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AfroBruh,Goooooood
,Recommended,320240,24553353,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Trench-Blighty,I am loving this game! even done a little 'Lets Play'https://youtu.be/D8fWdAUmfqY
,Recommended,320240,24605206,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,UGotGlocked,"So far this is a really fun game, and a really fun concept. The trailers did very little to show the content of the game. It is a first person survival game, so you're going to be crafting items, looting and fighting random passerby. However, it's not a H1Z1 clone or anything like mine craft. It has quests and an open world to explore in a drug-fueled dystopian future.My favorite part about this game is probably the drugs. When you use them, there is an actual mind altering effect in game for your character which is very reminscent of what they tried and failed to do years ago in the game NARC.If you have the cash to spend, I would call this game worth the money. It's beautifully done, and when it gets the final release I'm almost positive it'll be a masterpiece. Albeit there are always a few glitches, but the game is in friggin Alpha, what do you expect?EDIT: I haven't played in a few months but I'm still pleasantly surprised to find that they developer hasn't ditched the game like a lot of other Early Access developers do."
76561198117894178,Recommended,320240,24548775,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Schnauzer,Got the plague :D10/10 would wait for the inevitable again!
,Recommended,320240,24586366,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Embroysia,"I want to start this review off by saying thatI'm not a very constructive critic when it comes to games. With that being said, it means something when I fall inLOVEwith a specific game. I have very few reviews for a reason; I only write them for games I would100%recommend to anyone without question. This game happens to be one of them. Also, keep in mind,this game is in Early Access Alpha. It's nowhere near complete, and I pray they keep on the right tracks to develop this game into what it deserves.Pros:+Simple mechanics, crafting, looting and menus+Visually pleasing+Unique+Fun, creepy, entertaining+Has room for improvementCons:-AI’s have no intelligence-Misspellings in subtitles and incorrect dialogue at times-Bugs and glitches (expected in an early release alpha)-Survival features can be a bit too extreme-(EDIT)Bad glitch that doesn't allow me to progress in the gameInitial reaction:When I first saw people playing this game on Twitch, I was very confused on the entire concept on it. The more I watched it, the more I became addicted. This game is as fun as it is wicked. The clown-like faces worn by overly happy citizens of Wellington Wells are enough to haunt anyone in his or her dreams.Mechanics:I felt that the controls were simplified and typical; there isn’t really much else to say about it. The running and eating mechanics seemed decently realistic, but I wish there was a drinking mechanic where you saw your character lift the canteen to his face or bend down to drink water. Also, a healing mechanic where you saw your character applying a healing cream, first aid kit or bandage. Simple changes could really benefit the game, but that’s truly being knit-picky.Visuals:I know some people may not be a fan of the style of the design, but I thought it had a ‘cartoon-meets-realistic’ vibe to it. The shadows the trees make when the sun sets and rises is very life-like, whereas the characters look like they are out of a scary child’s book. The homes in the Garden District are disgusting in the best way possible. Vines are all about, some homes were indistinguishable and shear rubble and furniture was spread in random places. I do wish that more homes were open to explore in the first city you are in though. There are also a few graphical glitches at the moment, but I’m sure they will be patched in the near future.Audio & Subtitles:I loved the voice acting. It was language that British people actually use, and I could relate since my boyfriend is from England. Sometimes the subtitles were a bit off or there was misspelling, which bothers me since I was a newspaper editor for 4 years.AI in-game:The AI’s are quite stupid; artificial intelligence should have some intelligence, afterall. I think that’s what bugs me the most in this game. When your character mutters about something, they just say a random saying that I’ve heard over and over. I think some of it is quite funny or interesting the first few times around, but then it just gets annoying. I wish they gave a more logical answer to what your character was initially saying. I understand they are all downers and depressed, but they haven’t completely lost their joy (pun fully intended). If I ask them how they are, I should get a logical reply, not something random about roast beef, apple pie and other foods they miss from Wellington Wells.Current missions:The missions have been pretty fun and simple, but there has been one that stands out to me. Although it was bugged at the end, the log mission where you snoop on the man and woman was absolutely amazing. As a female, I love ‘forbidden’ love stories. There were a few nights where I just slept for 12+ hours just so I could go back and hear what else the two had to talk about. I didn’t get the items that were supposedly supposed to be dropped. I’m super stoked to play the other two characters and the main story line.Menu & Crafting:The menu is self-explanatory, and the crafting system is simple enough. The items needed to create the recipes/crafted items aren’t over the top crazy. I don’t feel like I have to hardcore loot for hours to finally make something.Survival:I don’t really know how I feel about it yet. I think you become too hungry, sleepy and thirsty too quick. Later on once the main story is released, I don’t want to be so worried about staying quenched, full and well-rested that I lose focus on the story; it may take away from the experience. While I like the survival aspect because it makes the game unique, I do think it needs to be toned down a bit.Nonetheless, this game has a long way to go, and I think it will get there in due time. If you’re wanting a game that’ll provide hours of fun and has an amazing future in the upcoming weeks/months for only$30,buythis game. Youwon’tregret it."
76561198054574125,Recommended,320240,24607388,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Company_Man,"I recommended this game because I think it *will* be great. It channels an artistic theme that reflects Clockwork Orange and 1984 in a beautiful landscape. I was suprised, to be honest, at the quality of the world that the developers created; I think it perfectly conveys what they wanted it to convey. The premise of the game is solid, the gameplay less so (which is to be expected at an alpha). The navigation is okay once you figure it out (experience is key), but by far the biggest complaint is the biological systems. The charachter has to eat, drink, and sleep waaay too often to make it worthwhile starting quests. By the time you are half-way through an objective, you have to scrounge some sustenance or find sleep to stay alive. The opening area (i've put in 1.5 hours so far) is very cool, and makes me feel what I imagine a methhead feels as he/she tries to stay alive in a toxic landscape. I would also appreciate an improved save feature; having to restart the story is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ That said, I'm looking forward to how this game will develop and will certainly continue to play."
,Recommended,320240,25269840,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Salawad,fun but i have no time s to play it. Bugs make me feel anoying.
76561198193785774,Recommended,320240,25279113,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Swagonme22 | gamekit.com,nice game and good concept so far keep up the good updates and yes i recommend this to everyone
,Recommended,320240,24554326,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,߷James_Mayonnaise߷,i took the pill at the beginning of the gamecredits rolls up9001/69
,Recommended,320240,24539084,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Commissar Vodka,Welcome to Wellington Wells! We do hope you enjoy your stay.. After all everyone should join in on the fun.. It's a lovely day for it!As I do with most of my reviews these days I'll just up and say.. If you have some spare dosh and you're on the fence with picking up this lovely gem of a game (Or you fancy supporting these lovely chaps at Compulsion Games) Then by all means just pick it up.. Give it a go for about an hour/hour and a half.. Quit the game..Have a long hard think with my lovely check list.>Was that hour of gameplay fun>Was it your cup of tea?>Did you get smacked in the head by a wellie for stealing their tea?>Did uncle Jack tell you has amazing recipes for sawdust floured bread?If you answer the two questions with a yes then keep the game and enjoy yourself. Not your cuppa tea? Then by all means do that lovely steam refund which you can do for under two hours of play and get your dosh back. Simples!However I recommend this game because it's a blast and I fully support these lovely chaps to be honest this game will most likely be my Game of the Year!
,Recommended,320240,25452919,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,WeirdWolf,"For what it is aiming for: Amazing!The Early Access version of this game doesn't offer too much in terms of story, however, you are gonna get a rather large generated map with a lot of quests, and some of these are really hilarious. Those who know about the ""House of Curious Behaviours"" will know what i am talking aboutMy opinion: Wait for the full game for a (hopefully) joyful experience12/10 would spank people in rubber suits againhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjnrMHaBgYA"
,Recommended,320240,28560923,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,OnionMuncher | Farmskins.com,Got attacked for standing stilljoy/10
76561197960289679,Recommended,320240,24912874,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Paranoia-2MB,"Game has very good potential and I like it so far.There are a few things that need to be changed like, more clear quest objectives or where/how to find such items or locations.  Do you need joy to find it or don't you?Quest trackers need to actually track.Granted, this game is still an alpha and it's still pretty fluid.Beginning town of the game needs to be sped up a little bit to help find that lull in the beginning.Curious to see all 3 story lines though for sure.Game has crafting, survival aspects (food, water, exhaustion), feels like a mix of Fallout, Skyrim and Theif.Some things are a bit tedious, but for 30$, you can't complain too much for how much has been done.Sadly though, after 12 hours of game time.  The game is just randomly shutting down on it's own.  So I guess I'm down and out until a patch or a way to fix.  If anyone know hows to fix, please lmk!Besides that only real issue, I still recommend it."
76561198126166192,Not Recommended,320240,25254582,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,강간,"The game is fun for the first few hours, but because of it being in early development, there is a lack of content and the game becomes boring after a few hours. The game has lots of potential but in its current state there is a lack of content. I am going to suggest you hold off on this game for a few months and then buy it to enjoy the full experience."
76561198079074468,Not Recommended,320240,24600406,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,chet411.cc,"This game had an interesting idea, but ultimetly fell apart due to boring game play and dull locations. the cities didn't have that ""lived in"" vibe, and the time went so fast that all I could do was eat, drink, take joy, and sleep. There wasn't much time to explore and interact with npcs (although there wasn't much the npcs had to offer either). We Happy Few is simple boring."
76561198037978742,Not Recommended,320240,24603446,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Echo,"Not enough content wait a couple of months or for release.What is here is fine and by the numbers with a theme so good youll want to love this game. But really the atmosphere isnt there. 2 of the 3 zones that are in the game right now are bland and stale with the third being the one we actually want to play in unfortunately there isnt much to do there and what is, is buggy.Again when its completed I have no doupt that itll be great, just hopefully the story bits arent the best part about it the game."
76561198093905911,Not Recommended,320240,24976138,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dah Sweatah Shreddah,In its current state and price; I would not recommend getting this game. When I first saw the trailer for this game and learned about the concept I was hooked. Its clearly not finished and for some reason it wouldnt let me optimize and my computer was running quite weirdly. I would wait for more updates and cheaper price.
76561198011890730,Not Recommended,320240,25681985,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,GreenDragon,"All of the cool game footage from this game is just from the brief 5-10 minute tutorial.  The rest of the game is not nearly that well detailed or interesting.  I know that as of right now it is ""technically"" in development; but the first area of the city; including all of the stories, seem pretty well done and overall the gameplay is boring, repetitive, very bad graphics, etc, etc.  Im extremely, extremely disapointed.  Its a situation where a really cool tutorial led to a few really cool, but short, lets play videos which led me to buy it.  I cant stress how strongly I recomend that you do not buy this game.  I have tried to get my money back both from Steam and from the game makers but they have both refused; my only hope is that you wont make the same mistake."
76561198035182410,Not Recommended,320240,24582140,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Metzelmax,If you've seen the trailers you probably think this game is gonna be something like Bioshock.In reality it plays like first person Don't Starve. You need food water and sleep at a rate that makes it nearly impossible to progress.The random generation can also leave you in a spot where you wait for a random drop of a certain material you need to unlock a new region.I am aware that the game is still in alpha but that is basically the only excuse the game has currently. Do not buy this game until it's finished. Maybe by then they rebalanced the game so its actually playable.
,Not Recommended,320240,24763552,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Strothman,"We thought it would be something else. I think everyone wanted a narrative game, not a game where you have to feed and water your gerbil.It's our own faults, but I still have to give a thumbs down because it's just not fun to feed my gerbil."
76561198136570865,Not Recommended,320240,24720071,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Extra Crispy,"I don't recommend the game, but I do like it. First of all, the whole experience is a bit underwhelming, I know it's in alpha, but there's little here that envelopes me in the world. The concept and style is cool, but there's too much crap to keep me from enjoying the game as much as I want to. Like everyone says, the survival meters are a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I don't think they should be removed, I just think they need to be balanced. I had to stop to eat constantly, and that got on my nerves quickly. I thought it was way too difficult to get into the actual city, then way too easy to get out. I don't even think I need to mention that the move to release the game on early access was really ♥♥♥♥ing dumb, although the game seems like it will be a lot better later on. If you really want to play it, then nobody's stopping you, but I would reccomend that you wait for the full release.It's buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥tooI"
76561198279849071,Not Recommended,320240,24836351,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Used Tampon,"I purchased this game a little over 2 weeks ago, and for the first 5 minutes it was fun. Then it crashed and won't work. I've reached out to the team in the forums, wrote all my crashes down, and... nothing. Don't buy this, as tempting as it may be. Your just a check."
76561198141611612,Not Recommended,320240,25744477,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Th3 Fat Pig,Not nearly as cool or fun as the cinematic intro perceives it to be.
76561198068482820,Recommended,320240,24635965,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,Orwell and Bioshocks love child.
76561197969842964,Not Recommended,320240,24653166,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Darkcola says TY! Artur!!!,"fix the survival mandates...players who are going through withdrawal of drug dependency are not starving- in fact food tolerance is a major issue.  Make character look for true meds to treat symptoms of addiction.  In terms of sleep/food/thirst- seriously man, don't overdo it anymore, it is a gimmick that is ruining the ability to enjoy the game's openess.I like it but can't recommend it yet."
76561198032335747,Not Recommended,320240,24656151,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Repercussion,"It's got potential for sure, but given the fact that it's still an early access game, there is still a long way ahead and there are some flaws that decrease the fun you get from it.First of all, almost all of the survival elements like getting thirsty are unnecessarily hard to handle. They are nothing but distractions. I mean, in real life, you can handle hunger for at least 2-3 days but this game forces you to eat something quite often. The Hardcore mode of Fallout: NV was a great example of how these kind of survival elemets should be handled. In NV, you always know these survival elements are there but they never make it almost unplayable. In fact, they make the game much more enjoyable.I hope final product won't suffer these flaws because apart from them, the game is great but I don't recommend it for now."
76561197994879788,Not Recommended,320240,24704821,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Eggmuffin,"Not yet.Great concept, fantastic art design, it's a very charming world Compulsion has built for us to romp around in. Sadly, there's very little time for romping, as you constantly need (and 'need' really is the operative word) to balance the character's various requirements, that are presented to the player in the form of meters that tick down regularly and very quickly.Not two minutes goes by, regardless of activity, without the game bugging you about meeting the character's needs. It's infuriating.On top of that, it's very buggy. Bugs, of course, are to be expected in such an early release, but the most egregious of these are game-breaking, such as missing NPC's, missing quest-triggers, obviously missing art assets, etc.As such, though I very much wish it were not so, I can't recommend the game in its current state. I will update this review when the requisite improvements are made."
76561198063913673,Not Recommended,320240,24753638,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,nhwotz,"The trailers screamed ""linear story-driven Bioshock type game"".The gameplay is NOTHING like the trailers. It's just........ Awful.Subnautica does survival, open world, and hunger/thirst meters very well.And Bioshock is a great story-driven type game.This tries to be both. And does neither, TERRIBLY.Huge amount of potential. Wasted on a dumb choice for gameplay.This isn't worth spending $30 on."
,Not Recommended,320240,24769408,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ClassyKye,"Well, I was really excited for the game... but after playing it I am very let down.. The game gives you right next to no sense of direction or guidance, it just tells you what needs to be done but no idea on how to get there or where it is.. So im only at the part when they throw you out of town.. and the Free Roam outside of it is very plain, you can not go inside 95% of buildings and the street layouts are very repetitive. I got bored with the game very quick, maybe if I can find out what the hell i'm supposed to do I'll have fun but so far not good, Definitely not a $30 game, probably $15-$20 catch this game when it goes on sale and hopefully you have better luck than me, trust me when I tell you, there's a better way to spend your hard earned $30"
,Not Recommended,320240,24771861,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"Alrighty, well, I'm going to not-recommend this game, reason being it is too buggy for a $30 game. Your character gets hungry every couple minutes, and there isn't any food to eat without it poisioning you. You could take a Neximide (i think) pill that gets rid of food poisening, but thats only the food part. There is also needing water every minutes, and being tired all the time... I get that its still in Alpha, but for your sake, don't buy till it gets alot more updates. On the bright side, graphics are great looking, and no frame-rate problems (GTX 970). 4/10"
76561198117017961,Not Recommended,320240,24792930,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sakura,"Didnt like the game play or story mode was very confusing, eating and sleeping was a problem because you need it every 2 seconds which got annoying. after couple of hours of playing i got a refund it really isnt worth the 22.99"
76561198119157981,Not Recommended,320240,24835701,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wgore,"I have been following this game for a long time and as much as it pains me to say this, it really isn't that great. And yes I fully understand it's an alpha, indie game. I guess I was just expecting so much that the let down was that much worse. anyways I would not recomned buying unless the game goes on sale, or when the full game comes out, cause this game is worth 10 dolllars max"
76561198261154335,Not Recommended,320240,25314406,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sliced Cheese,Its a really fun game to play but the game doesnt save most of the time so there goes 4 hours of gameplay.... plus my computer is over the recommended specs and still runs badintill the game updates i wouldnt recommend it
,Not Recommended,320240,29547248,Posted: 28 January,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"first 10 minutes is insanely good, the rest however feels lacking, for the price they're currently selling at it's a rip off, can't wait until the game is finished to try again, however as it is, i don't recommend it."
76561198084521581,Recommended,320240,33683319,Posted: 20 July,all,F13durante6,I can say positivaly that I do not regret buying this game. While at the moment the price tag is rather high the game will become more expensive in the future so i think now is the best time to get it.pros+great map+cool npcs+awesome weapons+Nice concept+ Random world for diffrent experience every timecons- At the moment there isnt a ton to do (still really fun if you enjoy survival games)- There is a bug that happened to me when one time I turned off my computer and when i got back on my save was goneOverall if you are willing to support a game that is unfinished I reccomend trying out this masterpeice8/10will be a 10 once there is more content
,Recommended,320240,24582365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Luigi,-Started game-Took joy pills-Ended game11 out of 10 will speedrun again.
76561198014856362,Recommended,320240,24588292,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ian McKellen,Snug as a Bug on a Drug!
,Not Recommended,320240,24903226,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Stumbleina,"This game has such potential, but is constantly closing for no reason and without any error messages.  It does seem to auto save fairly regularly, but the constant closing along with every objective depending on the player just getting lucky and finding certain items makes the game really difficult to enjoy.I realize this is an early access game, but in many games that just means that not everything is implemented.  In this one, I have spent 10 hours just trying to get to the ""good"" part of town only to find broken questgivers that are necessary to progress, or simply not being able to complete missions due to not being able to find the items that I need.  That, along with the random game closing really ruins it.  I truly feel like I have payed 30 dollars to be a beta tester for this company.  It's frustrating.There are a lot of early access games out there that are still enjoyable despite not being complete.  This one seems so neat, but is not complete enough to enjoy.  I would say save your money until they actually release it - if they ever do."
76561198016613214,Not Recommended,320240,25082505,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ranch Dubois,"Players get to have a short look into what the general idea of story and gameplay is, you will experience the shell of a undefined survival game along with a really interesting opening sequence that comes off as very polished and leaves you wanting more. I should mention that the opening to the game is basically what they showed at E3.How this game was presented at E3, combined with the current quality of content, makes me think it was dumped into early access because somebody wanted their funds back.I would assume this one will never be a finished game (just look at the current landscape of early access on steam). So if you buy this, consider it a donation.I think early access was a stupid move for this game, unless you are trying to dump the project slowly.I also hate seeing crap like this on the front page of steam store, where i prefer finished games to be featured.- my thoughts for now.Edit: You might really enjoy this one as a finished product. If the game is completed and delivers a few hours of the same quality story as we've seen so far, even with the stale combat and survival mechanics present in this version."
76561198061226494,Recommended,320240,31028455,Posted: 8 April,all,xX NUUUU CHEEKI BREEKI Xx,"＜⌒／ヽ-､_＿_／＜_/＿＿＿＿／........ /\_/\( ･ω･)＿|　⊃／(＿＿_／　└-(＿＿＿_／￣￣￣￣￣￣￣are the creepy gaurds gone Nope,＜⌒／ヽ-､_＿_／＜_/＿＿＿＿／ Back to sleep."
,Not Recommended,320240,24646674,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Cancer,"It's hard to explain this game... It's like...DayZ or unturned (not trying to compare, just to relate) where you're in constant need of food. Two of the areas on the game are much larger than the actual town you get to (which is why, I figure, it is called ""We Happy Few"", meaning that there're only 20 people living on this tiny island where the majority of the population are bobbies). The majority of the stuff you'll pick up are rotten food, naxaprim, and other such items necessary for crafting.Of course, this being in the alpha, it's pretty okay...procedural generation is alright in practice, but the implementation is quite...wonky? I don't know. I wouldn't reccommend this for three reasons.1.) Heavily craft based system.Literally EVERYTHING you need in this game you have to craft yourself (aside from food and weapons). Injured? Craft some ♥♥♥♥ing balm from some ♥♥♥♥ing plants that you keep collecting. Need a good weapon? Craft some ♥♥♥♥ing rocks and a banch together. Need a power cell? Good luck, buddy, you don't get that until you've reached the ""We Happy Few"" island inhabitted by a bunch of grinning bobbies and their super gas masks.2.) It's void of any real story.This is a logical failicy, but in essence, there is a story, just one that doesn't really...go into much detail. You have a world of Cold War England, everyone is on a drug to escape the reality of the world...no one knows why beyond that, you have people who don't take their meds called downers (original name btw) and they get shipped off (presumably) to a couple of ♥♥♥♥ing islands larger than the one the pill poppers are on. Really?3.) There's not really that much to do.Knowing full well this was an alpha build, I'm fully aware that they're still making the game...but the game in and of itself seems void of stuff to do, besides ransaking the same 5 houses over and over and trying to complete broken quests. Quests? No, tasks. These are tasks, specifically designed to keep you busy while you can just do 1 task to cross the bridge. The main objective of this game isn't quite clear, so you're just some melancholic guy who shares a similar voice to Stephen Merchant as he goes around a majority destroyed England, taking down people and stealing their stuff.All in all, the 3 hours I spent on this game wasn't boring...just...meticulous.4/10"
76561198183171485,Recommended,320240,33016944,Posted: 29 June,all,chrissyweena,"I love this game!! It's such a  unique and juxtaposition. Buy it if you like survival games, you wont be able to put it down."
,Not Recommended,320240,24554461,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The Paradisiac,"I really wanted to like this game, and perhaps I will once the story is released. The game right now is just a poorly running, bland survival game with an interesting premise for a story.Until the story is released, or they make significant inprovements to increase framerate, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561197989419567,Not Recommended,320240,25197074,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Drunk Jesus,"I really want to like the game the concept and idea are really cool, but are being poorly executed. They should just rename this game to ""Grind"".Collect items -> Hungry -> Thirsty -> Tired -> Hurt -> Search Same Area-> Walk -> Repeat.You'll spend hours collecting items that get you nowhere in any quest, only to be constantly nagged by the same annoying life requirements. I know it's early Alpha, but the ""fun"" isn't there yet.Things that would help:Mark Areas you've already searched.More Map indicatorsSOME ITEM RESPAWNS!!Hint button. Something to guide the player if thier tired of searching for one item.Better inventoryPause when player is in inventoryGroup similar items by color/tags"
,Recommended,320240,24655192,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Pro_Pancake_sniffer,"At first, I couldnt figure out how to do things and it was sort of annoying becuase I kept dying, however, After playing it for a while, I realised its actually pretty fun once you figure out how it works, I plan on continuing to play it, and I look forward to the full release of it"
,Recommended,320240,24657665,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Devin Williams,Lovely day for it.
,Recommended,320240,24608967,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Hotspur79,"Such a good game, insanely fun"
76561198056331228,Recommended,320240,24568798,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Not Jermsquad,"When asked to take or refuse the Joy Pill, I took my pills like a good boy.*credits roll*11/10 Best Prescription Simulator."
,Recommended,320240,35487967,Posted: 4 October,all,Leonine,"I really want a neutral thumbs.Its an amazing game, its creative an so different from all the other games.Then there is the price, the recent 'mixed' reviews reflect this. Its got a diverse storyline with a range of ways to play, there is so much gameplay there alongside the main story that when I first started I spent most of my time ignoring the main plot.I love the game because I spent 20 bucks on it when it was just starting out.Let me tell you this, wait until the sale, if its on sale in christmas get it, its great. It is a lot of money, its going to be fully released next year, you can wait until then adn see the full reviews, or even better- you can snag it on a sale.It is worth it, I can tell you that if you buy this you will soon be putting on a mask and downing those pills."
,Recommended,320240,24566030,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Red the Umbreon,Although this game is fun and cool. I will say if it had co-op it would be a 10 out of 10 in my book
,Recommended,320240,30581444,Posted: 17 March,all,777eza,Don't listen to the downers who are off their Joy. This is a great game. Just remember to take your Joy. 7/7
76561198102553573,Recommended,320240,28090436,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hans,"Accidentally knocked an old lady dead to the ground, people around me started hitting me, police came and beat me to death.  10/10 would beat old lady with pipe wrench again."
76561198137891899,Recommended,320240,30206202,Posted: 26 February,all,TrollSoul,"i love when i see a game with a new idea , this game has it"
,Not Recommended,320240,24971606,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou-eLF9wp9U
76561198140209180,Not Recommended,320240,24731648,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,mhelmininack,so buggy that you can't even play. i understand that this is in early access but it should NOT be released when 75% of the quests are incapable of completion. a sore disapointment considering how i rarely buy early access games for this very reason. too much time was spent making the game look pretty instead of making it decent. dont buy it. its not worth it in the least.
,Recommended,320240,24591305,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Appleorgasm,"I absolutely love this game, the twisted world combined with the pure comedy and amazing acting for uncle jack will give this game an atmosphere like no other in the finished product, oh and suffocating people with a pillow is also fun >:)"
76561198075566850,Recommended,320240,24540253,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Rainbow_Pony,Only played for an hour so far but its very fun and has a diff vibe then most survival games
,Recommended,320240,24836622,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zexo,>Found a stick>Beat a lady with the stick>Got a mine>Threw mine at ground to kill guard>Found out it was a grenade>Almost died>Throws next grenade at guard and rekt him12/10 would blow self up again
76561198069564435,Recommended,320240,24751061,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[IBA]Papa Bear,"How my first playthrough went:(It's a bit of a read but you should get a laugh out of it).I lasted just over 1 month.My first week was hard, I was just getting by and avoiding all combat as much as possible, surviving mostly on tap water, rotten food and food poisoning pills. I am almost stoned to death by a group of fanatics for stealing a rotten potato and a book.On my second week, I get the hang of things, having enough proper food to get by, also managing get some war-time rations by using the local wasters to clear a minefield for me, I am able to defend myself from anyone I come across, I explore another ruined island and gather enough supplies to last me for at least another month. I almost lost my legs to a land mine to obtain 3 bags of sugar, also escaped being clubbed to death by junkies for stealing their mushrooms.On my third week I decided to see what the more civilised  part of the world looks like, getting my best suit on and take my 2 joy pills with me, I get through the checkpoint with no trouble then I enter the streets of and blend in with the people, go to the butchers and buy a meat cleaver for £50, I return to the checkpoint and manage to steal 75 joy pills from the dispenser and leg it back to my bunker, I am then attacked by all the wasters in the area for having a nice suit on.By the start of the fourth week, I think to myself:"" I should try some of these quests before I move on out of here!"", I find a borderline autistic man in a tree house who is running a ""spy agency"" with dolls, he gives me some basic tasks like getting a doll and some cloth, which I already had on hand at my bunker, it seems like an easy job, except the part where I have to craft a ""Blending suit"", which requires me to use my current fancy suit for fitting in with the people on drugs, I go ahead thinking I can craft the suit back when I was done, I was wrong. The end result was a flowery granny dress that ""helped"" me sneak (It makes you harder to see but it makes ANYONE around you attack you if you crouch for a second near them) and I am unable to turn it back into a normal suit, cutting me off from the rest of the world.I attempt to go past the checkpoints in the granny dress but I am attacked by police for being a cross-dresser, I kill them all but the door to the town would not open, I repeat this until I had killed over 12 police officers, realizing that the autistic man in the tree is to blame for my misfortune, I sprint to the tree house, killing several people with a shovel out of spite on the way.When I arrive at the tree house, I am unable to kill the autistic man, behind his junk fence all he does is smile at me and says I need to kill some villain; I go into a rage and kill over 45 people with a shovel and a meat cleaver.By the 31st day, I am sitting in my bunker, unable to progress in the game, I proceed to do nothing but OD on joy pills, drink booze and eat all the food I tried so hard to gather, all while watching re-runs on uncle jack on my TV, after 2 weeks of drinking, eating and passing out from joy, I find myself with only 1 ration, 1 joy pill, 1 bottle of booze and the dreaded granny dress that caused this whole mess.I grab them all, down the food and drink, pop my last joy pill and go walking by the seaside, I throw the granny's dress into a nearby campfire and stare out to sea, as my joy wears off, I realize that I was the villain the autistic man wanted me to kill all along, so I throw myself into the cold ocean, knowing the autistic man cannot torment me any longer.I am then presented with a newspaper article about me ""going on holiday"" after over-extending myself during swimming.10/10 would OD again"
76561197994549674,Recommended,320240,30216255,Posted: 27 February,all,=FTS= Chaydith,Alpha Review: 9/10There are a few bugs but very managable for an alpha release. The narration is good and the storyline seems well thought out.  Will play again upon release.
76561198261157488,Recommended,320240,25405361,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Taco_Timmy,"This game is awesome! I came into it thinking it was more story based but I was surprised to find out that it is survival based. There is hunger, thirst, and sleep meters that you need to refill. It also has two extremely different environments, Wellington wells and the garden district. Both have different resources that are essential to have. This game also has a lot to offer combat wise.My only complaint is that the NPC interaction is sort of bland and boring. But this game is only in early access so I can't complain to much!So all in all its a great game so far and when the full game comes out I think it will be amazing!"
,Recommended,320240,24613056,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Зеус,"Everything is fine, but please add the Russian subtitles"
76561198058695554,Recommended,320240,31381571,Posted: 26 April,all,chueykooh,Great game! The game trailers are an excellent representation of the actual game play.
76561198188086863,Recommended,320240,24605436,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TigBiggins,This has such great potential. I cannot wait to see what it becomes. Awesome game!
,Recommended,320240,24607876,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,(Zhu)²,"Glad I bought this while it was 30 bucks, in its current state that is all that it offers. 50.99 better be a full game and more for anyone buying it at that price. Save your money and wait for a sale imo."
,Recommended,320240,24608126,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Joey Rigatoni,"Has a lot of potential, and is already pretty good for an alpha"
,Recommended,320240,24551435,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,lil tiddy,<3
,Recommended,320240,25874453,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,xxxdickfatcion,I like drugs
,Recommended,320240,24546241,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Monto,> I  GOT PLAGUED AND DIED FROM BEING TIRED.> PEOPLE ATTACKED MY WHILE I WAS SLEEPING> I TOOK TOO MUCH JOY AND OD> NIPPLES TURNED INTO DIAMONDS> MY DOG TOOK A JOY> DOG WOULDNT STOP LAUGHING> DOG SPONTANIOUSLY COMBUSTED INTO CONFETTI> I SCRATCHED MY BUTT AND IT DIDNT SMELL10/10 Would Die Again
76561198364064915,Recommended,320240,29952689,Posted: 15 February,all,KMcC,"Bought this game instead of buying lunch, money well spent. Love it!"
76561197988469358,Not Recommended,320240,24575571,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dave,Beautiful design. Solid performance. Awkward mechanics. Boring sandbox. Anxious for updates.
76561198008498648,Not Recommended,320240,24710490,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Frogster8,Overpriced for current state of game
76561198120881245,Not Recommended,320240,24772311,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TuckleBerry Fin,The game is to buggy and it is very hard to find out what you need  to do and where you objective is. At it current state I think it is to buggy to enjoy but as the bugs get sourted and it is out of beta it looks like it will be a fun game. As of right now i dont suggest it.
,Recommended,320240,24569040,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheAmazingKlitos,Its A very nice game with cool gameplay and fantastic grafics
,Recommended,320240,24584083,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SneakyOS (｡◕‿‿◕｡),"I actually rather like ths game.I have seen alot of people complaining about the game, bugs, and ""disconnect"" between game and trailers.Yes this game is per now, very much a survival game. I have never been a fan of survival games, but wow, even tho almost all story aspects are left out of the game, there are so much stuff going on, and its really worth a look.Btw, just kill most people in a house and sleep anywhere."
,Recommended,320240,24898288,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Natis ex Hebetudine Splendide,"As stated by Arthur ""It's a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury signifying nothing."" Saying that i still like the game. I think that if given the time to let its balls drop again it can grow into a beautiful flower. Flowers have testicles."
76561198059150597,Recommended,320240,24876636,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Fatcat123,"we happy few is fun and i enjoy the hell out of it but it is a earily build(alpha)  and has its problems i found that on all graphics setting its running well, howerever that is running with above recommened specs and they may change and some quests will break so hang in there i found that it is no bother to replay thanks to a new update that fixed item spawning issuesremember i am one out of many that took in mind now may not be the time for you to get the game and there are game breaking problem its in alpha and has gotten better"
,Recommended,320240,24796514,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Killpo1,"We Happy Few is a dystopian game set in an alternate 1960's England. The people in this alternate reality enjoy a steady supply of joy pills that induces a cheerful and happy state, and the culture surrounding this community is based on conformity, through relatively violent means (though cheerfully violent in those affected by joy it would appear). The setting so far seems like the strongest part of this game, as it is incredibly unique and intriguing with its own aesthetic.As of current, the game-play is reminiscent of a survival game that involves looting, fighting, crafting and managing such things as hunger, tiredness, thirst and other attributes. I found it enjoyable to a degree but also find it highly monotonous, though being an Alpha it's not too bad. The procedurally generated maps will be nice for multiple playthroughs though I incredibly hope they keep increasing the tile-sets as they grew tiresome quickly, especially the starting zone.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a unique setting and the ability to partake in a games development phase, and especially those who enjoy survival games."
76561198197542906,Recommended,320240,24822947,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cringy boi,"I dont really know ...This game isnt bad, but it isnt cool too.So : U are in London in 1940 and there are happy pils. It sounds good, but this game has so many problems.The biggest problem of this game is this : you need FOOD / WATER / SLEEP ... yea u need this in lot of games, but there u cant find it so easy. Normally u are doing some missions and u need stop only because u must go sleepAnother problem are citiziens // i think downey // - u can go to their house, but u cant do anything // sleep, steal something//And optimalisation isnt very goodBut, in the end this game has a lot of good things, like atmosfere, graphics, story, difference between Downey and City world, graphics with and without pil.So : game isnt very well, but its no bad too.I think its better to wait for full version, because this alpha is not well.+ Story+ Graphics+ Area+ Crafting+ Diffrence between worlds // downey and city //+ Life with and without pil.+ Crazy colours+ Atmosphere of 40s years // London //+ Dialoges- Optimalisation- Bugs- Food / Water / Sleep- AIGAME : 85%"
76561197963126271,Recommended,320240,24871921,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Alyssa,"this is a really good game, the fighting mechanics are a little werid and dont work right sometimes especially with the pointy stick, but overall i am happy, you can expect bugs from an alpha, but this game remains entirely too much fun to stop playing. i have played a total of 6 hours in the first day ive bought the game and only had one crash! that is pretty good. it is just a little hard figuring out what you have to do. ill give this game 5 stars as it is only an alpha and i cant wait for more."
76561198076585921,Recommended,320240,24833201,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Jean Claude,I bought the game but when I tried to open it for the first time it just crashed on me. Anyone can help me figure it out?
76561198130292595,Recommended,320240,24888651,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Jinxter,"Great game (especially for an Early access survival type) and its got quite a lot going for it already.  I bought this game as the trailers made this a deliciously looking game to play. After several hours of playing, im hooked and noticed that the more you play, the more you get out form it.   As you get better at sussing out how to go about the various tasks and mechanics, it becomes highly rewarding for progress made.  The game is randomly generated for locations and tasks on each start, so you will always be doing something new and not just plodding throught the same stuff.Uncle jack to begin with may come off as annoying, but he cannot be avoided and theres a wealth of funny anedotes and some non pc comment he makes which makes this a hoot whilst you are fending off some downers when they catch you raiding the house for loot.Great game with great potential, i recommend itAnd remember boys and girls - Do as Uncle Jack says and take your Joy..!"
76561198317126680,Recommended,320240,28884874,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jefferey DreamBright,this game is really fun and easy to use and the game is really fun but it does get confusing.
76561198163619908,Recommended,320240,24542976,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MegaMuffin,Good choice for joy!
76561198284850958,Recommended,320240,24543227,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Finn The Human,"Really fun game right off the bat! Cant wait to see it progress. But I cant wait until I progress too..because I'm stuck on the Fix the Pipe quest in the start of the game. I fixed it, it didnt give me the items and now that I restarted the Pipe who needs fixing isn't even there, But it's in alpha early access so I am not complaining.Really recommend this game."
76561198034633213,Recommended,320240,24542983,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Teh Wintercute Neurodancer,"Minute 1 felt like when i started Postal ages ago for the first time...wonder whats coming...i'm up for no good dudes and dudettes...Minute 5...Already had some good laughs.Minute 10.Going for Food....Decided to be back ingame after.Game is worth a try,Graphics are a little bit oldschool.Give these guys support."
,Recommended,320240,29100686,Posted: 7 January,all,A Wiggly Man,"Great game, needs some serious optimization."
,Not Recommended,320240,26667049,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Focal,"Call it a survival game and slap a tripple A price on it.This game was bad when I bought it as a crowdfunded game, it's bad now as a FAKE tripple A game.It's not tripple A at all, it's a joke.It had potential to be interesting but it's as boring as dog♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198160636198,Recommended,320240,30102849,Posted: 22 February,all,IMMORG,The amount of love the developers put into this game. Crazy. Respect it. This is a gem. Get it while it's cheap.
76561198124667489,Recommended,320240,24566499,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,citizencman,"I bought this yesterday having read the reviews. No, the game isn't finished. Yes, there are a lot of bugs. There is no story line.Yes, the game is fun. It's mostly just survival at this point, and little quests to help you get around the mapCons:-The thirsty, hungry, and sleep meeters run out VERY quickly. They're tedious to keep up with.-There are many bugs in the main quests, and when talking to people. So, you may not be able to get through the game.-You get suspicious VERY FAST. I had no idea half the time why people were trying to kill me. There needs to be some kind of explanation of what I did or what I have to do to get people to stop. freaking. killing. me. Or maybe a meter for how long I'm under suspicion?-What is stealth for? There are a lot of functions in the game that are unexplained, but I assume that will happen in the finished game.-After I played it for about 4 hours, ALL of the quests stopped working for me. I had no more action options for my character.Pros:-The main game runs well even on my old, crappy laptop(The tutorial part is very laggy).-It's so fun to explore the game! It's visually stimulating, and each different part on the map has a purpose.-It's a lot of fun to die. I never thought I'd say that. It's fun.-It's fun to bother the public, and to watch the police get drunk.It's not finished. There isn't a story, but there ARE quests that work most of the time. It's a very interesting game, and so much fun to explore.8/10 will definitely play again"
,Recommended,320240,24846112,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Forever Sushi,Old people alarm systems.
76561198047556982,Recommended,320240,24538853,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TPAT,"Considering how well put together the alpha is, I'm really looking forward to the full release of this game."
76561198166333222,Recommended,320240,24621620,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,dcarr,cool horror game
76561198207613639,Recommended,320240,24915276,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kermit The Yeet Frog,my dad at first thought this game was going to be bad but once i gave him the controller he wouldn't stop playing it! the only bad thing me and my dad dont like is the frame rate its not that good but i know its in early access so it will get better10/10 - me lol
,Recommended,320240,24545324,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"This game is an Alpha,that is not to say though that it is a bad game, or that it wont be a great game. It is extremely well written, and plays something similar to a Dying Light minus the parkour. Its like if you took 1984, The movie Equalibrium, and had a dash of Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥and the 60's to create a truly unique experience. While it is still in need of some additional content, some polish on physics and a few other things; it is something to really keep an eye out for. I greatly love dystopia story settings, especially with deep lore or alternative universe based ideas. Purchase if you wish to get a nice Bioshockfeel experience* (May not be the same for everyone). The art and the style is greatly influenced by it. 10/10 solid Early Access."
,Recommended,320240,24927292,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"This game looks like a mystery game, so freaking funny and horror."
,Recommended,320240,24630753,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,D7mz,Everything is fine on this game!just add arabic subtitle :D
,Recommended,320240,30952370,Posted: 4 April,all,ya yeet boi,"Love this game, snug as a bug on a drug!"
,Recommended,320240,30989601,Posted: 6 April,all,ArtCore,"EDIT AUGUST 9 TH 2017 : I see people negatively reviewing this game. Not because they are saying it's not a good game. They say it's in fact great. But they whine about the price. Like all poor people whining. Nothing obligates you to buy this game. Nothing prevents you from waiting for it to be in special.Do you work for free? Figured not. Well, these people don't either. Do you have any idea of the countless hours put into a video game? I assure you all those people that whines are completely clueless about the development of a game.I think it's worth every ♥♥♥♥ing cent. You don't? That's fine. Don't bash on other people's work because you don't want to pay a little money.Or people seems to complain that the story is not there yet. Well if you have bought a game in EARLY ACCESS without bothering reading what it was, or without informing yourself, well you're a dumbass and I'm glad this happened to you. Maybe next time you will learn to read.ORIGINAL REVIEW : I will start with my fanboy reasons for liking this game. Compulsion Games is a small indie company (Known for their first game, Contrast) located in my area (Montreal, Canada), and ever since I have learned that Doctor Who was sort of an influence in the project (gotta love all those DW cameos), I felt hooked.WHF is a action first-person survival games, in a drug fueled sorta retrofuturistic crazy world where emotions and memories are taboo and people uses joy to be happpy and, well, dull and creepy. Compulsion did a fantastic job of creating a creepy ambiance and interesting mechanics. It reminds me some kind of Fallout of LSD. A lot of people compares this to BioShock but I find it's a terrible terrible analogy. BioShock was very linear and more action focused, while this game is open world and will offer you a wide range of playstyles.The world is procedural, meaning when you replay, the environment will have place. Although there will be a general storyline with three characters, each experience will be unique, as I was reading that even in the story, some steps required in the mainquest can change from one playthrough to another.Fit for every type of player (You have the casual mode, where you don't have to eat or sleep, the normal mode or the more hardcore mode where, if you die, you will have to restart from the beginning. Permadeath).Although a few things seems lacking and one would wish that certain features would be incorporated, it is a remarkable game, considering the studio working on it has about 20 people only.This title is already great with all the unfinishness and all the bugs so I can't help but to imagine how great it will be once finished.11/10 would recommend."
76561198194884434,Recommended,320240,31127172,Posted: 13 April,all,Imp,This game is well good but im choice you shouldn't buy it in early access still a lot of bugs and the story hasn't even finished yet I do highly recomend this game when it fully comes out until then just save your money
76561198323783618,Recommended,320240,28501434,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,stacknoah99,I honestly love this game so much. I can't wait for the full thing. Highly recommend to anyone.
76561198059310835,Recommended,320240,30160837,Posted: 25 February,all,Dewp,"loved it, cant wait fot the rest of it to come out."
,Recommended,320240,28363331,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheRealBae,"Just amazing, it has everything you want in a horror-game."
76561198167105732,Recommended,320240,24629271,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Aikio,Fun and interesting!!! Can be extremely hard if you do not know how to play. I was using the steam controller and had issues adjusting the controller perfectly. After 6 hours of configuring I was able to play. The first area is a pain but is easy to get past after you figure it out how to. I am in the second area now and popping joy just for fun. This game is only 50% done so remember guys if you like how it looks right now wait to purchase it.
,Recommended,320240,24635233,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Spookytown,Feels like an open world Bioshock
,Recommended,320240,24549203,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,whoistylerkiz,Woke up in what appears to be a subway station or sewer. I've been stuck here for an hour and can't find a way out. Once I get a jimmy bar I'm going to break out of here and then buy We Happy Few.
76561198028425680,Recommended,320240,24605747,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kandack,"Alright, first of all, it's an alpha version, so the game is not yet finished. When you open it, it gives you a message that about 50% of the features that will be on the final version are there, but not its story, that will be added later on, when version 1.0 arrives.What can i say? The game could be a little more polished, there are some bugs here and there, and they could at least teach you something. The game starts and it's like: Oh, so you want to survive? Then you better learn now, because I ain't gonna help you.You get tired, thirsty and hungry really fast, but i guess it's because 1 minute in the game it's like 1 second here,that can be really frustrating sometimes, especially when you are far away from your hideout. It's I.A could get a little more work too, but putting that aside, it looks great. You can see its potential right from the start, once the prologue starts, they can make We Happy few a huge product if they play their cards right, and the casting of Julian Casey as Uncle Jack was phenomenal.EDIT: It has an easter egg from Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time :D"
,Recommended,320240,24549253,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,thrAsher,"This game is Joy. Take your Joy. Noncomformity kills.Addendum to no-effort review: We Happy Few needs a lot of work. It looks great, plays well, has a ton of things working for it, but it's also buggy, semi-busted, and is missing a fair amount of content. Follow if you are interested, buy if you want to help move things along, stay away if you don't like survival games or want a (more) finished product.Without really knowing how much work they already have done outside of what we've seen with this alpha, I'm guessing it's going to be at least a  year before it's finished. I've put over 4 hours into the game and have yet to make it out of the first area. And I don't really see myself playing more until a few updates come down the line. The game feels kind of lifeless and wooden, but the mechanics are mostly sound.We Happy Few is headed in an interesting direction, only time will tell if it ever gets there. I have hope, the team seems talented enough. I almost changed my review to NOT recommend, but I do feel Compulsion will finish it."
76561198037538079,Recommended,320240,24627886,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dopey,"Love the concept, the game can be rather difficult/tedious atm but they're working on it and I love where they're going with it. I'd say definitely worth the money for those who really appreciate dystopias and psychological gameplay."
76561198301631501,Recommended,320240,24627168,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,loganmac1357,"I highly reccomend this game of any pre alpha game I have bought this is by far the best one, the only thing that I think should be fixed in the future is how long the days last, and to not get tired so quickly and have to sleep, other than that best game i have bought on here"
,Recommended,320240,24858781,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: This review is/was written when this game was in/is still in Early Access. Think twice before buying/playing this gameALSO NOTE: I recommended this game with some exceptions, overall if the game did not live up to just a tiny expectation, I would not have recommended it at all, so please read the review carefully if you are thinking of buying/playing this gameWe Happy Few is a game developed by Compulsion Games, the same people behind ContrastThe first time I saw Compulsion Games introduce We Happy Few, I got really hyped to play it. When I saw Pre-Alpha videos (such as Jim Sterling's videos), my hype lowered down just a tadNow that I have the game in Alpha with the Early Access scheme...How does We Happy Few fair up?Overall, I am not so satisfied with the game. The prologue bit which they showed off during the E3 press conference and as a trailer is playable in this build and I must say that, that is the most exhilirating part of the gameOnce you're done with the prologue and thrown into Wellington Wells, your brain just asks itself, ""Is that it?""The game opens up with you playing Arthur, a regular guy who seems to be working in the censorship offices (or something like that, nothing gets explained) of the lovely wonderful town of Wellington Wells. However, the world is not at all bright as it seemsJoy is a pill that they have to take to be happy and completely forget about the bad things in life, however, as Arthur finds a news article which somehow shows either his brother or close relative, Percy, killed in a train accident (whcih by the way, at the current state of the game, NOTHING else is explained), he chooses not to take his Joy pill and everyone else in the office casts him as a downer, thus Percy decides to escapeYou get chased by the bobbies (police) and then with no explanation, you are thrown into a safe house underneath the downer area of Wellington Wells. Now, I understand that this is in Early Access, but if the game doesn't even bother explaining the rest of the story, then the people at Compulsion Games should have not included the prologue at all in the first placeThe game is not how it is in the first few minutes of the prologue. It is the same old, same old survival type game where you have to find certain objects, resources, food, water and shelter. All in a... procedurally generated world!This is where the game got boring as hell. Firstly, the town is procedurally generated... why? Each time you find an object then die and lose all your stuff, you can't return back to the place you found the object and get it because the whole bloody town is randomized! Also, the town just looks copied and pasted over and over and over again. With the same streets, houses even people sometimes! It got boring really quickly...Secondly, Arthur's needs. Sometimes I cannot understand what this game is trying to be. Is it trying to be a stealth game, an action game, a survival game or a Sims clone? Arthur's needs are ridiculous. After feeding the poor chap, a couple of minutes after, he gets hungry again! When you manage to find shelter and sleep, a couple of minutes after he's sleepy again! Arthur's needs are way too much, so much so, it became a chore to just take care of his basic needs. Thankfully, Compulsion Games know about this and are fixing this issueThirdly, combat and the A.I. in general. Again, I understand this is in Early Access but the combat and the A.I. are the weakest in the game. The combat is poor, the A.I. of the citizens in the town are dumb and weapons break so easily! They are weak and break in almost an instant! In the current state of the game, I tried to ignore combat altogether. Thankfully, Compulsion Games also know about this and are fixing this issueFourth-ly, quests and storyline. In terms of story, you will get nothing. Nothing is explained to you about Wellington Wells, not about Arthur, his family, or his brother/relative Percy, nothing. And the few quests that are given to you are either very short, very long (due to the annoying procedural generated world) or brokenIt's a shame to see We Happy Few in it's current state. The game has so much potential and I will definitely return back to Wellington Wells, but as it is right now, I would ask anyone who is interested in buying this game to stay away from it in it's current alpha stateHopefully it won't stay six years in Early Access or it might. But, We Happy Few does have loads of potential and like I said previously I will return to the twisted world that the game offers but in it's current state... it's a messRECOMMENDED :)Provided you like We Happy Few as a concept and have faith in the developers otherwise...NOT RECOMMENDED :(In it's current state (Alpha)"
76561197999383471,Recommended,320240,24591980,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Veena,It's like Bioshock and Rust had a baby.
76561198137375977,Recommended,320240,31561645,Posted: 5 May,all,tristanovic2,"What I like about this game is that you really need to blend in if you want to survive for a long time, this makes the game also very challenging especially in the towns where people take Joy (The drugs that makes you happy).Unlike most survival-games where you eventually have very strong gear that makes you almost invincible for most enemys, the things that you get are fairley balanced so even if you have strong gear the weaker enemys can still kill you if you are not carefull.What I don't like however is that some NPC's become hostile for no reason witch is very annoying if you want to get things done."
76561198172156306,Recommended,320240,31587527,Posted: 6 May,all,Squanchtendo,I bought this game as soon as it came out on steam and always come back once in a while and check on their progress im excited to see the final product the progress looks very promising!
,Recommended,320240,31621571,Posted: 8 May,all,idrisgallifrey,"I have wanted this game for quite a while now, and now that I have it, I love it! The great thing is you can choose difficulties now too, so I went with Birdwatcher, so I don't get clobbered to death immediately and have the time to familiarize myself with the gameplay. I like the exploring and scavenging aspect, and the humor in this game is awesome (and creepy).For me this is by far the best Indie game I've come across. Have you taken your joy today?"
,Recommended,320240,31943685,Posted: 24 May,all,Milkman,"How few are really that happy, game?  ಠ_ಠ"
,Recommended,320240,31592589,Posted: 6 May,all,Blondi<3,This game is so fun and addicting! It has been a long time since I have been so captivated by a game. I love it! <3
76561198150030569,Recommended,320240,32160590,Posted: 3 June,all,ryeb73,amazing game if your really into exploring/survival games
76561198282755885,Recommended,320240,31562627,Posted: 5 May,all,Jackers921,"This game seems very fun, but I've come across a problem. The problem, is not being available on different  platforms. Will this be available on Mac?"
,Recommended,320240,31778768,Posted: 15 May,all,RooHanChanTheMan,"We Happy Few in my eyes is a game that should get more attention. Why you ask well it's because in my eyes this game will become a great game since we the people can tell the game developers what our thoughts on the gameplay and they do listen. Most of the discussions that have issues the will respond to which is awesome. They also use the early access system correctly and every time their website compulsion games updates i am there reading their post to see what they are doing which i have to say if any of the developers read this i have to say great job your making this game so exciting and mysterious.Now on to the gameplay itself We Happy Few mixes uses a first person view with survival elements. Granted the recent update has given an option to turn it off and well DON'T! This game is so much more fun and creepy when you have survival mode on (The Downer Mode). There are 4 island right now 2 being the downer side and 2 being the happy drug filled side which is when the game gets even more creepy. Your goal is to escape and it can be hard. To begin with you aren't given really anything for free. Which is great since you must steal and fight to get the things you need to survive. And can it can become you running from 5 diffrent people for stealing somthing as little as a moldy bread. The way the ai thinks is very cool. Example in alot of games if your chased by the cops the civilians run away being afraid. In We Happy Few you wish you do somthing that might get them angry they will all chase you. Which is awesome since your very more likely to hide in a panic though i do wish say if your hiding somewhere they check time to time which would be even more creepy. All in All the gameplay is amazing.Now be in mind my procceser is a core i3 6100 so you really shouldn't worry about this. Now the game runs very  well. I had it on the xbox one and it would become laggy sometimes. but with here not that much my fps does stay at 40-50 fps on the auto settings which is awesome meaning i can run the game with out to much or any issues. So don't be so scared on trying it on a low end pc since if it doesn't work you could refund it. Remeber graphics are not what make a game uless your the Order of 1886 then well sorry.So I have basically paid for the full $60 dollars one copy on my xbox i sold recently and now a copy on my pc. And I had no buyer's remorse what so ever. I am very confident that this game will be great which is great since there is amazing team of developers, great atmosphere, and great gameplay. So what is my final verdict BUY THIS GAME!!! otherwise your a downer and the villager will break your legs and were will you be when simon says jump like a frog."
,Recommended,320240,31984633,Posted: 26 May,all,sku,"I bought I think 4 copies of this now for friends. It's rad.It's buggy, quests break, you can't finish stuff.It's challenging and pretty enthralling. The acting is rad.If they get it out of early access.....we got a great 30 dollar piece here. Cheaper than a date to the movies."
76561198175692273,Recommended,320240,24767396,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cute scout,Dont listen to all of the negatives its brilliant and it add and updates every week to month its brilliant buy it!
76561198111557794,Recommended,320240,24618368,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cyloclon,"I understand its in alpha, but i had to restart due to getting stuck in a wall after emerging from a trash can :("
,Recommended,320240,30630358,Posted: 19 March,all,Manners Maketh Man,"Great concept. Amazing mechanics to bring about this surivial-eske design while living amongst the people.  Brings up a ton of philosophical questions about serious stuff like addiction, mental health, steriotypes, depression, plus more.  But dont worry everything will be ok as long as you remember to take your JOY.  Trust uncle Jack.Few bugs that still need to be worked out but overall it runs mostly fine.Also try crash syringes on the police.  Its wonderful to see an old lady beat the crap out of a 7 foot officer."
76561198064207831,Recommended,320240,24771970,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mr. Spaghetti,"This game is one of the best games I have played to date.I was, and still am, completely in love and fascinated by the premise of We Happy Few. I don't believe that it is the best it could be at this current state, but I could not be more excited for this game to release fully. The most complained feature of this game for others is the survival aspect. I died twice and had to restart until I decided I wanted to experience the game as full as possible without having to play the same part over and over because I died. However, the result in my ballsy perma-death choice resulted in a hightened awarness for the necessities of the player. This made the game even more of a blast to play through. Another complaint is that there are alot of open-ended quests with little guidance. I completely agree, but the only solution that would maintain the difficulty of the game while losing the frustration is to simply get used to it. I believe the reason that there is little guidance is because it encourages the player to explore the wonderfully dystopian world of We Happy Few. I thoroughly enjoyed the Bioshock series. I enjoyed this game just as much because it had a slight Bioshock feel to it. One of my favorite things about this game is that you can go the entire game without ever killing someone. (There are a few optional missions where you must kill one character or you must protect a few other NPC's).TL;DRA fun, potential-filled and difficult alpha build with bioshock feels"
,Recommended,320240,25334995,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jeanoodles,"I fell in love with the game the second I saw a playthrough, but unfortunately the graphics, even on ultra, arent very good and the game does not like to listen to my mouse controls which makes the game difficut to play and enjoy. I may not have the best computer, but its pretty bad. and ive ony had the game an hour."
,Recommended,320240,25211389,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Safiriaxo,"This game is great! It's still in development, so there are a few bugs. I'd totally buy it now while they're still fixing everything, get a few hours out of the gameplay, and just be patient! The play style reminds me a lot of Bioshock."
,Recommended,320240,24910584,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,KanNaSama,"I m a noob just start the game,a lot of thing cant understand.if can have Chinese language in option,that is the best.The game itself very well,hope update Chinese,thks._(:зゝ∠)_"
76561198086463114,Recommended,320240,25155605,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Jussa dogina Tree,"The game was fun to play but the bugs within were very visible and problematic (i.e. floating bar signs, getting stuck under the safe house latch). I liked the premise and the play but the time it took to forage supplies was greater than the time I spent on acually doing quests."
,Recommended,320240,24561693,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,wood0749,"Very good for EA. Many improvements can be made, and I'm sure they will be. Combat is smooth, but basic. The survival meters run down quite fast, but they add to the challenge of the game. While others have encountered crashes and FPS drops, my game has been running great."
,Recommended,320240,24563851,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Leo,"Great game, a lot of potential, but a lot of bugs. I recommend waiting for the full release."
,Recommended,320240,24601791,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,yipiyip,"I like this game. I've been following since a little after I finished Contrast (a previous game by the same people, I reccomend it highly), and I'm impressed with how far it's come, and have high hopes for where it's going.Others have stated that the day/night cycle is too short, and I agree, but I don't think the sleep/eat/drink periods are that rediculous. I have no problem keeping them in check, and find I have to eat/drink at least once per day, and sleep at minimum every other night, which is, if you ask me, very realistic. That being said, I do think the time cycle should be slowed, just a tad, to give me more time to explore daily.Anyways, remember this is early access, but it's much farther along than MANY early access titles on Steam."
,Recommended,320240,28709019,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wambo,"free drugs,exploding rubber duckies, open-world bioshock, steal from people and their homes, hack robot traps and turn them against enemies, taze people for sexual pleasure, your very own Vault 111, attend tea parties, dig up treasure, bribe police with alcohol, laugh at downers, and so much more to explorewhats not to love"
,Recommended,320240,24563696,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"If you've LOVED the bioshock series and it's atmosphere then go for it, it absolutly delivers and it's not even complete yet! it's a survival game with main(story) and side quests which will be released at some point. Plus crafting(not hardcore but compelling), stealth, interacting with NPC and..."
,Recommended,320240,24871514,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,nifte,10/10 better than No Man's Lies
,Recommended,320240,24682664,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Exle,"Game has a lot of potential to be good. Played an hour of it  and i feel there are some bad things with the game so farYou get hungry and thirsty way to fast, I dont wanna have to eat or drink something every damn 5 minutes.Weapons break to easily, I had a paddle that i hit someone with twice and it broke.Other then that pretty decent game. I recommend it."
,Recommended,320240,27711245,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ed's Forehead Wrinkle,"Wonder Ful Devs If you Have A Problem you talk to the right person 90% of the time (because you know they do need sleep) I love this game and i hope it gets the "" I thought this game was cool before it won an award"" Award it deserves it"
76561198301577309,Recommended,320240,27568156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,溜溜6liu,prefect
,Recommended,320240,27395644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pootinski,its pretty good i guess
,Recommended,320240,24574473,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,I'm gay,"A good mix of stylish Bioshock Infinite and an absorbing survival genre is apparently just what I needed. I don't like both of these things individually that much if you ask me, but the mix suits me lovely. Let alone the early access state, which makes me wonder how such an already well woven game can get better with all the future updates."
,Recommended,320240,24755295,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[Syd]coolzo Alex,Very fun and enthralling experiance of a AU version of 1960's England
,Recommended,320240,27904536,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,J. Brandston | 3E-8,"No 21:9 support!?!?!? Played on my older monitor, but would be nice if they had a patch for 21:9!! :("
76561198087790679,Recommended,320240,24766034,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DangerDolan,"Im giving this game a yes on the reviews. But to everyone reading the reviews, im only giving it a yes because it is a great concept and a great start to a game; BUT it isnt even close to being ready. Theres only about half hour, maybe an hour of gameplay total and its still fairly buggy. I look forward to rebuying this game when it has more to it. I really like Early games but this is too early. Hope this is helpful. The Survival bars run out too fast and the lack of happy happy pills and edible food are also an issue. The Towns people need more variety and just more needs to be added. Thanks for reading the Review. Carry on. I encourage people to try the game regardless, but know what theyre getting into"
,Recommended,320240,25504429,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,UnoitReview,"I wasn't able to get too much time with the game. It crashed about 15 minutes into my playtest, which was only worth getting through about the first cutscene set. You learn the mechanics of the game fairly quickly, and you also are introduced to the characters in a very small building, the City Hall, office of the main character, Arthur Hastings. You learn that there is a drug called Joy (Like in the game LISA, a good game that I would recommend to people who like this) that keeps everybody in the world happy. The entire population takes this, and the people who don't are called 'downers,' and are forced to either take their Joy or be killed by a man who looks like some kind of detective/assassin with a face that bears a striking resemblance to Anonymous. There are cops that have a downright cruel face, and a man that runs all TV named Uncle Jack. Arthur is off his joy, and is running from the insane citizens of the world. I enjoyed what little I played, and I feel like an all-around better person for doing this. It taught me fine motor skills, as well as basic art skills, and I am now a preschool graduate. Overall, this game gets a ""9/10 - Needs less crashes"""
76561198006537725,Recommended,320240,25216199,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,EZIO,* Buy this game NOW if you want to watch it grow and envolve overtime until the full release.* Don't buy it NOW if you care about performance too much and want to experience the least amount of bugs.I've only played this game for about 5 hours so there's much more for me explore but I've been enjoying it so far and in a way it reminds me of bioshock (for obvious reasons). Fun and original game.Definitely recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,320240,24574965,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,XIN,"rock in inventory : 0corpse nearby: 1Used a corpse to trigger all the mine wires for the mines encounter = 10/10 LEGITThat's the spirit of the game for me. You make use of what you have!You know you are the only one ""sane"" in this town, you know the maps rebuilt randomly. That is the key! Your character can think and act if you allow it, using your resourcefulness and good observation of everything around you.The whole game is your oyster! Try different approach and playstyles, bend the rules! Everything is interconnected, so you should have a good gut feel of which item to take or not. And dont be a downer you frog! :)"
,Recommended,320240,24643720,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[X]Guilhermera120,"Do you enjoy living on a dystopian society controlled by drugs where suddenly one day on your job as a redactor you stumble across an article with you and your brother on it and memories start to flash in your mind? Will you choose to take your Joy and follow on with your life or will you remember and refuse to be controlled any longer? Just a heads up, if you chose the latter you'll soon find yourself in the forgotten Garden District but it will be the start of something big. So what are you waiting for? Pop on your Joy and travel through the wonderful streets of Wellington Wells!"
76561198080109805,Recommended,320240,24964189,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Caboose,"Very interesting game so far, and i will definetly be playing it in the future. I have noticed a couple glitches in the short time i have been playing though. One that isnt a huge bother but is mildly annoying is random flashes of light on the screen at random times. Sometimes blue, and i think sometimes red. The more annoying glitch is have encountered. Is a lot of times the collision doesnt work and the player can get stuck in walls or other places very easily, also sometimes when you kill or beat up someone sometimes their body drops through the floor. Really looking forward to playing more of this game though!"
76561198019634029,Recommended,320240,25624981,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Morte,We Happy Few...
76561198025505207,Recommended,320240,24670387,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Silent Reaper,"The gameplay over-all is not refined (yet),  but good enough to be fun. There is alot of running around and gathering resources, so it will feel like a survival bioshock game (food health bar OP). The combat is NOT optimal so it's best not to expect a quality fighting game. I would recommend this to someone who wants a story/survival game."
76561198176064397,Recommended,320240,24667245,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Suluranit,Perhaps some adjustments of the speed of time would make this game more playable.
,Recommended,320240,24665762,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Vice,"not sure if the ""joy"" i feel is real or not but i would pass it on to my friends."
,Recommended,320240,24585526,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Typho,"Whacking people in a cult with a shovel whilst trying to loot some alcohol to cure your plague you picked up, what a JOY ride!"
,Recommended,320240,30947835,Posted: 4 April,all,Paws4Effect,"This game definately still needs some work.But I love playing this game, I love the look of the game, the way it plays and the story."
,Recommended,320240,25646101,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Flats,The vibe of this game calms me down from everyday nuisances.100% no sarcasm
,Recommended,320240,25600402,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Robocops Gymsock,I like the game but it always crashes in the middle of a game.
,Recommended,320240,25175312,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,toontaco,I'll probably buy this again later tbh.
76561198096255382,Recommended,320240,29312027,Posted: 16 January,all,I-MDK.Rigal,Great concept of game but in early access
76561198097036070,Recommended,320240,29358155,Posted: 19 January,all,UnderMiner,"Very impressive game! looking forward to seeing where it goes with development, because people say its a short game at the moment but at this point its soo well built i could play it for many many hours to come"
,Recommended,320240,24716177,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Richard Innsmouth,"I greatly enjoy playing this, even though it is still early alpha. The crafting, while basic, isnt bad. And I enjoy using the cricket bat very much. Joy makes me happy. It makes me forget the past, which is exactly why I play. So, as far as I can remember, I enjoy playing this, even though it is still early alpha. Most importantly, we must all remember to take our Joy today."
76561198199691539,Recommended,320240,24556376,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SoLaTeaDoe,"I've been following We Happy Few for a while now (through news and whatnot) and while it's still in its Alpha stage, it's already pretty good. There are a few issues with the physics of the NPCs; I've been sat on too many times when I'm sitting on benches, poor Arthur, and when the NPC is down (unconscious or deceased) sometimes when they hit the ground, the collision physics make them go haywire. However, so far so good! Although the main story isn't available yet, there are a ton of little quests that can be done. One thing that I would recommend would be the addition of a waypoint that players can set or a clock in the HUD but those are minor things.Overall, the music and musings of Arthur keep me coming back for more. I can't wait to follow the game as it develops and improves."
76561198160722119,Recommended,320240,24556369,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,*HYPE* Tom,Good purchase
76561198195444654,Recommended,320240,24556939,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,LordPusswhip,"The opening was amazingly sick. Its like the original creepiness from bioshock 1, the uppitty people and atmosphere from bioshock 3, and the combat is like a cross between left for dead and fallout 3. It's still in aplha so it is pretty short and a little buggy but I can't wait for the rest to come out. 10/10 Would take some Joy anyday."
,Recommended,320240,29464825,Posted: 24 January,all,boaretas,Brilliant!- Great story- Great gameplay / mecanics- NPCs are hilarious
76561197993993571,Recommended,320240,24555866,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,VA™ | Mastercode <Dan>,Alot of stuttering even on a high end rig but its and Alpha sooo yeah to be expected. The atmosphere is creepy at night but there isnt alot of stuff happening at the same time would love to have seen people watching you from behind. Overall Nice Game !
76561198079521937,Recommended,320240,25473994,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,hptango252,Not bad but my saves don't work.
,Recommended,320240,25468654,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jesus,This game is absolutley wonderful. I was so excited to buy it and it was definitley worth it. I think the best part is that even if your PC isn't fantastic the game actually runs really well & you have th option of being able to save progress when you die. Only thing that may not be so much in your favors is the fact that you kinda have to find your way around without gps there is a map but it's not much help if you're bad with them.
76561198125066410,Recommended,320240,29516627,Posted: 26 January,all,[KAQ] König,Play this game you ♥♥♥♥in nerds. Really immersive and earie as hell at times.
,Not Recommended,320240,25497518,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,stigmabuster22,"The meat of my previous review still stands. What I played thus far is a great game, and I'll most likely give it a few more playthroughs, just to see where it goes from here. HOWEVER, I can no longer recomend this game, do to the new price, and the fact that gearbox is involved. 150 buck gameless collectors edition, a season pass, massive price hike, pre order culture, you name the trope, within the last week or so this games done it. Gearbox will ruin both this game and this studio, and it's a damn shame, because the game had so much promise and it truly pains me to have to unrecomend this game. F**k Gearbox, and to an extent, f**k this studio for allowing Gearbox to crap all over its game. While I plan to play this game when it comes out, so I can see how this story ends, if I could ask for a refund I would at this point. I'm not doing this out of spite (ok maybe a little bit) but in hopes that other indy studios see the backlash, and decide not to go down this road. This game will be another evolve/arkham knight/take your pick of other AAA BS games, in that people will reject it, because of the BS these AAA studios do to games."
76561198164613014,Not Recommended,320240,28478780,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dilophosaurus,Whats next? Microtransactions?
,Recommended,320240,34421636,Posted: 22 August,all,"Sdelal , proveryai","I was paid and forced to write this review , pls haaalp"
76561197961522486,Recommended,320240,29452942,Posted: 23 January,all,PUPPYKICKER,"Updated this review Friday Sept. 22nd, 2017-My initial response is positive and enthusiastic for this project.  From beginning of early access to where this is now, my goodness there are many improvements and the gameplay is much more fluid and smoother.  I know I also upgraded my PC recently but, I know when hard work has been put in and I am glad I bought this a long time ago.  Keep up the great work Compulsion Games, I will raise my glass in a joyful toast to you once again!Just bought this game the other night, a little more than a couple hours in.  I'll wait to play more before I write a longer review.  But as of this moment, I can honestly say this game is well worth every dollar.  Extremely detailed, and clearly created by intelligent and amazing people.  I love the style and mood the game brings on.  This is already a great game and it is only in Alpha.  Can't wait for whats to come. Thank you Compulsion Games, I'll drink to that."
76561198009736628,Recommended,320240,24687273,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sheogorath,-Started the  game-Beat  some  women  asking  for  stew  with   a  shovel-Carried  her  body  to  throw  it  from  the  bridge  just  to get  the  whole  town  chasing me-Died  beaten  by  a  mob  of  crazy  branch  wielding  weirdosGreat game  even though  it  is  in  alpha  .  Sunk   21  hours  in  it  so  far  and each  playthrough  i  did  were  very different.
76561198164589837,Recommended,320240,24629749,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Krane,its fun but i want more to do
,Recommended,320240,24724096,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,EftSlayer,"MUST GET.....Game quests fills in all your gameplay time but wait untill future release of Beta or full release.... Hope we get story quests soon.....11/10 IGNMuch Good, Very purchase"
,Recommended,320240,26507019,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Scrappy Doo,This game is honestly amazing. It is an early access game but still one of my favourite overall video games. I like the ideas and thoughts put behind it and it seems the devs really care which is great! I would recommend this to anyone.
76561198057245944,Recommended,320240,24589715,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,gopnik,"Painfully unforgiving, constantly having to need to sleep, eat and drink. Other than that its alright, 6.5/10? i guess. I would recommend but i honestly feel like i blew $30 f***ing dollars for something that im gonna get bored of in less than 2 hours of gameplay in one straight sitting. I hope the alpha gets better."
,Recommended,320240,24555764,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Lars,"Great game, if you enjoy psychological games then this is definitely a game you should try."
,Recommended,320240,24754819,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fulltimespy,Happy few reminds me of myself.I get hungry and thursty after walking for a minute.
76561198114272546,Recommended,320240,24632885,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,KingSlayer,""" I dont belive we've had the pleasure""Punched her in the mouth for being such a downer.weird, confusing game, but its unique! worth a buy!"
76561198193803269,Recommended,320240,34717266,Posted: 3 September,all,FDSMDP,"In terms of story and atmosphere, WHF is an amazing game. It is one of the most unique up-and-comers of right now, and I don't regret any of the time I spent on it, especially with all the content the new updates have added. Arthur Hastings is one of the scariest people I have ever met.I got the game back when it was only half its current price, mind you. The game is still in a beta phase, technically, and is definitely unfinished. It just doesn't make sense to have an unfinished game with a triple-A price, and while I recommend the game itself, I can't recommend you to buy it just right now."
76561198353319290,Recommended,320240,35072904,Posted: 19 September,all,Nicole<><>,"I have played more than 3 hours but made a new account. I really love We happy few. Its a quirky, stylish game with alot to do. Im so excited that the stories will be coming out next year a day after my birthday no less happy birthday to me! I have had some problems with some missions but I forgive its early access! Compulsion has come along way making this game and they should be proud its a great game with a great atmosphere. Its been a long wait but you know what they say good things come to those who wait!"
76561198065337413,Recommended,320240,24648572,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Captin Anal Avenger,this game is still very much in alpha but has extreme potential to become something we have all been waiting for.POSATIVE:Looks fantasticIs fun to exploreDifferentIs in alphaNEGATIVE:Buggy ( alot of the quest i did never could be completed becuse of bug) at one point i got stuck hidding in a trash can.When going through your inventory it becomes a little tricky to navigate and create order with your items.
76561198096318404,Recommended,320240,33065196,Posted: 30 June,all,Kvaz,"Today I woke up to a good day:I bought this game and played it.-The new tutorial is fantastic. (I’ve watched some older videos of people playing this game.)-The options for game world are super cool.I ate lunch at one of my favorite restaurants: Freddy’s Frozen Custard and Steakburgers.I went to the Zoo with my family.I ate too much Dippin’ Dots.I drank a Diet Coke (I’ve only had one other caffeinated beverage in the last eight months) and enjoyed the feeling of caffeine in my heart rate, hair follicles, and brain.I made sure not to play two hours of We Happy Few, so I could refund it if I didn’t want it. Yet after sitting on my decision to buy it for almost a year, and contemplating the game play over this day, I’m sure I’ll enjoy this game for its price."
76561197996609012,Not Recommended,320240,24545871,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Calswei♔,"Will most definatly change this review after the game gets updated abit! The gameplay is good, the world is intresting and horrorfying! And really as the gameplay goes, my only real issue is with how the game isn't very clear on what you are mean't to do next.The only reason I don't recommend it at present is because I do not believe what is here at this moment in time is worth the £22 price tag, I'm sure as stuff is added to the game it will eventually be worth the money, however at present it really isn't worth much over £15."
,Not Recommended,320240,25036417,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tatrakrad,"Underneath an interesting and somewhat unique exterior is the heart of a generic first person survival game. From the moment the first line of dialogue is spoken it becomes clear that the creative minds behind this game have written conceptual checks that their storytelling ability cant cash. It goes downhill from there. I looted buildings, beat up some dishevelled Limeys, and tolerated the awkward middle ground between Orwell and Huxley until I wandered away, unsure what I had done with the last two hours. MEDIOCRE"
76561197994245157,Recommended,320240,32179269,Posted: 4 June,all,Nightingale,"Wonderful my dear, wonderful. I'm very amused."
76561198137544864,Recommended,320240,30201275,Posted: 26 February,all,Miku Demon,just get the game
,Not Recommended,320240,25215171,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MaxGlevy,"This game looks amazing, but sadly is nothing like the trailers. You start off in a city searching for supplies to complete a mission. Then you keep searching... and searching.... and that is all you do. Really boring"
,Not Recommended,320240,24608733,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TripleGem,wait for full game.....lacking way too much content to be considered fun at this piont.....just saying
,Recommended,320240,32097368,Posted: 31 May,all,TheUltimateCooky,"amazing game ,great tory gameplay is good if you like strange and unusual game sthis one is for you"
,Recommended,320240,30822650,Posted: 29 March,all,SlurpyDurpy,"Love the game, great atmosphere and updates keep on coming."
,Recommended,320240,24552433,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vulpix,I beat this game in one min.By Accident.
,Recommended,320240,24551794,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SAY10,What is joy?Joy is a medical mini-pill invented by donald trump.joy includes every drug you can think of which is harvested by miley cyrus dead ashes!joy is the red pill from matrix!joy is love...joy is life!
76561198169868223,Not Recommended,320240,24607393,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,goblin,Really ♥♥♥♥ing boring
,Not Recommended,320240,24786424,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,febreeze,frikin boring dude
76561198120798007,Not Recommended,320240,25215570,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SimShaffer,"This game looked like alot of fun in the videos and the art style atmosphere and setting were great. And it was fun for the first hour or so but afterwards some problems started standing out really quickly, especially the survival meter. Like some other people are saying when hes not dying of hunger hes dying of thirst, and once you solve that problem your tired and the whole cycle starts all over again, which isn't very bad if it wasnt for the clunky quests it might be considered a fun walking punching running simulator. But to end on a good note this game has alot of potential but I suggest waiting till the full release comes out to buy. (I also understand it is early access, very early access at that.)"
,Recommended,320240,24783650,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Engibeer,good game lags a lot tho a good 7 / 10
,Recommended,320240,24660897,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Orwall07,"Very good story which is probably just going to become more interesting as the game gets finished by the developers. However the gameplay is lacking in a few ways. The survival elements being hunger, thirst, and sleep become really annoying as you progress and need to be improved considerably, the thing that personnaly annoyed me was the food. On the first section of the map you can really only find rotten food which makes your character dizzy and even vomit, I found this EXTREAMLY annoying as its pretty much the only food you can find at the start other then wild berries. I feel like a basic cooking system or something could improve that and make the game more fun."
76561198085045446,Recommended,320240,24610038,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hentie Dj,"for the small amount of time i played. jesus something new......... it took a dam long time.im a 90s kid and have bin gaming since then and so far iv never played a game like this.its drak, teisted , creapy and a hell of alot of fun. its open world where you can chose to die and get a new world or rewspan in the world u got after death.i love the fact that its OPEN WORLD something most games should of had but arnt.and its not easy people are crazy as you will learn quich after you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the towns people for the first time.randome misinions and stuff to do.only con i have so far is food is hard to come by."
,Recommended,320240,24837924,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,im gay,"this game is amazing dont listen to the negative reviews,when life annoys, pop a joy!"
76561198055305564,Recommended,320240,24583763,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Faint Solstice,"First I will say if you are looking for a finished and polished game look elsewhereI have enjoyed this game so far, there is still alot of development to be done and fine tuning before it can be called a complete game, this I did read before purchasing and I can only hope that its development produces great end results.I have turned into a serial killer murding everyone on sight in hopes of finding food and water, maybe they had families too? Regardless I have to think for myself now, and if eating rotten food and then taking a stolen food poisoning pill off of the body of Mrs. Cleary will keep me alive so be it."
,Recommended,320240,24642664,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,I took my joy like I would in real life and the game ended. 10/10
76561198092113889,Recommended,320240,24639622,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Path,"I love this game, but it needs to be optimized better for my laptop T_T"
,Recommended,320240,24903635,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Supar Farking Bard Arse,"It's an early access game that already feels more complete then a lot of AAA games out lately. This is a must buy in my opinion. It plays well with more of a scavenge supply and stealth feel to it. It looks great both in aesthetics and in graphics. It really well optimized it runs great in 4k on my GTX 1080 and runs great at 1080p on my laptop.The one thing that probably deserves the most recognition, when it comes to early access, I have not seen a company who has come out with regular updates that actually improve on the game. This is as of right now the only early access game I don't regret buying in early."
76561198166199734,Recommended,320240,26203636,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GREEN MONSTER,Take drugs.
,Recommended,320240,24625517,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BAR0,spent 2 hoursgetting close to saint holmesaccidentally walk into simon sayscant follow what he saysfuriously healskeeps losing hpdiesremembers perma death is ongg
76561198261565778,Recommended,320240,24628230,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BillGatesGoFundME,"First off i hope to see more things added into the game like mabye the abillity to start off by taking joy and playing as someone who hates downers it would also be cool to see co-op in the future anyways the minute i saw the trailer i thought this would be a really good game and it is its not really horror as much as a dystopian survival game you see the goal of the game is too survive without taking a pill called JOY you see people who don't take joy are called downers to people who do take and you play as one the goal is bassicly is too blend in with people who use joy but on to my expirences with the game so when i start up the game i press ""NEW GAME"" i keep perma death on becuase first it makes you focus on survival and second when you die it always gets you a brand new generated city for you to start a brand new life in i'm not gonna keep going on because you'll probally have the same expeirences as me this game is amazing and i give it a 8.5/10"
76561198077104997,Recommended,320240,28257186,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Heavy Buster Is Sentry Spy,10/10    100/100best game
,Not Recommended,320240,24587558,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Deathtrix,"Not worth the current price tag. Another Alpha game that still needs developers attention.While I do respect that this is indie development that still has more potential, it is dissapointing to see that the gameplay is more of a first person Don't starve...without the base establishment.I bought this under the impression that it would give me an intense psycholgical thriller. Within the first ten minutes the story seems to have gone out the window and been replaced with a list of fetch quests. The environment isn't particularly interesting to interact with, and procedural maps are not exactly as noteworthy as they used to be.I would list out the positives and negatives of this game but as is the case with games like this, many changes are going to be made and the game might be completely different for future purchasers."
76561198001464875,Recommended,320240,32168937,Posted: 3 June,all,Jason,Worth every dollar.
76561198009856017,Recommended,320240,33661090,Posted: 19 July,all,TAz,"Loving the game so far,artstyle is very biosock meets clockwork orange can't wait til its finished :)"
76561198220862132,Recommended,320240,33537398,Posted: 14 July,all,Chrison,A new creative fresh twist on video games! I love this game!
76561198039395951,Not Recommended,320240,24725643,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Roomba,"Told myself I'd stop buying Alpha/Beta games, but here I am. This game is FAR from playable, unless of course you enjoy starting a new game every single time you want to play. The game has potential, but just wait it out until it's at least in beta, but even better when it's actually done. Worst part is, I don't even get to keep it as a paperweight."
76561198015457764,Recommended,320240,33350906,Posted: 7 July,all,Pietertje,"This is a great game, with an ambiance somewhere between Fallout 3 and Bioshock (1 and 2).Even the collecting of everything seems about as useless as in the FO or TES series, after a while you'll know what's important and what's junk.Also works great with the Steam Controller, so this game I'm playing a lot on the couch :DEDITJust finished the Alpha game.It made me feel like finishing the shareware version of Duke Nukem 3d (where you only got to play one Episode of 10 levels IIRC). Rather a strange ending, but as the game tells you, all shall be revealed after the 1.0 update; or at least I hope so.Well worth the money, as it got me 23 hours of gameplay up until this point.How?Well... if you've played ANY game in the likes of Oblivion, Fallout 3, Skyrim or Fallout 4, or Deus Ex even, and you just can't seem to throw anything away (digital hoarding syndrome), then you know. If you don't, read the above again and form your opinion duely.Personally, sometimes it got repetitive to scavenge until full, retreat to the hideout and go out again, and having to return to make recipes and gear to complete missions or something.Fast travel is something that popped up in my mind, however for the time being, with the game the size that it is (as of july 27, 2017) it's really not nescessary so far.The combat it well balanced (so far), however I've read that sometimes the game can deal you a bad hand as far as resources (food/water) goes. I've not had this (yet) happen, but if it does, restart or pride yourself in the fact that you're tough enough to battle anything the game throws at you :)Me? I'm a female felis catus when it comes to story games, and the first playthrough is always on marshmellow-mode. In this game, that means no thirst/hunger and sleeping isn't needed.I'mma try the hardmode now. Maybe after that, with permadeath.Steam achievements are not there at the moment, maybe the future?Bugs? Found 3 and were all solved by either going out and in of the area again or restarting the game.The only ""real"" annoyance with the game so far (for me) is not the bugs, but rather the way quests are handled. On multiple occasions I've done the order of the quest wrong, and you'll have to go back, scavenge parts and make something again, and return, because (for instance) you needed to sit in a trashcan before sticking a crashneedle in a person. No apparent reason for that, and I failed the mission because of it. Not #sad, rather #missed_opportunity.If it's not clear yet, I'd highly recommend this game. Good replayability potential if you can life with dialog that'll get repetitive after 2/3 playthroughs (I can imagine). A must have for the digihoarder."
76561198068996505,Recommended,320240,33544714,Posted: 14 July,all,lordof4strings,"Even in early access, We Happy Few is enjoyable and shows a lot of promise. Keep up the good work, Compulsion Games."
76561198193841765,Recommended,320240,33617503,Posted: 17 July,all,Smartguy45,"This game has alot of potential and I love it so far. I am really exicted for the final release and the dev team is still alive and giving updates! Which is a big plus. And if your looking for a good game in a distopian society with that English culture, this game is for you."
76561197974339072,Recommended,320240,33702737,Posted: 21 July,all,branb32,So far this game is pleaseant. Great Graphics. But not much content. When the final release comes it's going to be awesome!!
,Recommended,320240,33778915,Posted: 24 July,all,OWL,Everybody is popping extasy in the town and they accuse you to being a downer when you re not keeping yourself high. Best game ever lol.Seriously give it a try.
76561198166952357,Recommended,320240,31706662,Posted: 12 May,all,Kingowl,This is HOW you do an early acces game!Great gameplay great moments and hopfully a great storyline!
,Recommended,320240,24551977,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BoobWizoard,I love it very much that is all you need to know.
76561198056925519,Recommended,320240,24780215,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,LilacLizard,"Great game, you have to keep in mind its in alpha. Story isnt finsished and i have had quite a bit of quest glitch, still a great game and i cannot wait to see/ keep playing when its all finished"
76561198217448260,Recommended,320240,24783742,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Redman™,This Game is Filled with a lot of potential joy to be had. :D
,Recommended,320240,25159030,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,wbk,"Great setting.  Show's amazing potential, but it still needs a lot more work.  I would advise most others to hold off from buying for now if you want the chance to experience the game at its' best.  Personally I have purchased it as I believe it's the kind of game that wouldn't normally be made and the developers deserve a chance to try and make it work - if you believe the same certainly buy it but maybe hold off playing it for now as you will probably burn through the one off event quest elements that will lessen the experience you could have in the final product given the nature of the game.The final version will either be an ok game or a really great one.  I think now they have the basics in they should actually ignore a lot of other games they have borrowed mechanics from and figure out how to make it it's own thing it deserves to be.It definitely needs a lot more content, but I would really love to see the setting and behaviours of Wastrels etc really brought into the game more via deeper simulation and behavioural mechanics to make a more alive and bizarrely dangerous playground.  The creepy setting needs to actually creep into the game mechanics more to unnerve and disturb you, and add to that off-kilter feeling.I would like to see more variation in characters that indicate different types of behaviour that you can take advantage of, or be wary of given the situation.There is some very talented art design behind this game but the quality of 3d models and texture work mostly doesn't do it full justice for a modern game on the PC.  Polygon counts for example in environment pieces seem much lower they need to be - even taking into account supporting the PS4 etc.  Obviously they have to balance production cost against this and make compromises as they don't have AAA budget.  The game does look perfectly serviceable though so please don't misunderstand, and I am sure their art team is working very hard given their small production size.  It's more that the underlying art design is SO GREAT that you wish they had the budget to better realise it EVERYWHERE - but for that they certainly need you to buy the game today ;-)I would actively encourage the developers to aim a little bit higher then I suspect they originally planned with this as it would be worth the sweat and tears to make this into something truly special."
,Recommended,320240,24677846,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,XXmachina,Got exiled from work.Experienced police brutality.Woke up in a bunker with a scuicide granny corpse.Ran around for 4 hours doing vague quests.Finally got across the bridge & died from the plague before entering the city.10/10 would experience real life again.
76561198135872756,Recommended,320240,25077607,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dane_levenhagen,game crashes and i am not allowed to start game back up with out restarting my computer
76561198100962008,Recommended,320240,24569619,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Isaac,"Loved the game, but there's a lot of kinks to be worked out. Mostly covered already in these reviews ive been reading. Look forward to the full version"
76561198250543714,Recommended,320240,24555637,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CerebralCortex,So far this game is amazing and lives up to its up to E3 2016 walk through premier. I look forward to exploring the world and unraveling what is truely going on in Wellington Wells.
76561198068503512,Recommended,320240,24965366,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Rusbel,"This game is so good even in it's ""unfinished state"" it feels very full of content and I've run into very few and only minor glitches. The graphics are very colorful and pretty. This game really affects me emotionally when I think about the world and people in it and when I compare it to how I've felt in the real world."
,Recommended,320240,24715624,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,julian,removed all my items for some reason its pretty ok until that point tho
,Recommended,320240,24941260,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gold,"So far, I love it. It balances being difficult with not being completely frustrating quite well, though food is pretty hard to come by.I love the aesthetic of the game, it really appeals to me.I'm looking forward to how this improves and develops.9/10(Would probably be 10/10 if it came with some trading cards)"
,Recommended,320240,24558475,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,LordSalt,Even in early access this game shows great promise.I can't wait to see it improve.
,Recommended,320240,24548026,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,A True Burke,">Wander streets during day>Become serial killer at night>People become suspicious during day>Take pill>No longer suspiucious>Continue to kill at night>Continue the cycle10/10 best serial killer simulator sandbox, aslo have you taken your joy,......played a fair amount of the game, so ill add an actuall review,We happy few is honestly one of my favorite new games to come out, it has a great vibe and feeling to the atmosphere that makes the game creepy, wacky a bit depressing and wild. the encounters, characters all amaze me, this game says it is in alpha, which is mad as it plays exceptionally well, however as it is early access I have had two glitches/bugs, one where I got stuck in the ground and could not move, and one where you see a ghost while on joy that is I assume supposed to run from the dialogue of the player character, but the ghost remained still and the after a few mins the game crashed, fortunately the first bug only results in you having to reboot and loose some progress and the crash also lost me some progress, my favorite part about the game is it is essentially a sandbox where you can do what you want for the most part, you could ignore most the main missions and focus on side story or you could just go round beating everyone upIf I had to give it a proper score I would give it 7/10the reason for this score is because it plays really well for an alpha, but in its current state it has no real story and a few bugs so is lacking in that regard, however that is fine as it is in alpha, can't wait for the game to complete, it will easily be a 10/10 if they get rid of all the major bugs and that the game ends with a complete story that is enjoyable, and interesting"
,Recommended,320240,26497994,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,𝐍𝐈𝐌𝐌𝐘,good... fun... and good!
,Recommended,320240,24645482,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Smellygoat235,"This game is worth the current $30.00 since it updates a lot. Seeing what's new in an update is like opening cristmas presents, I never get tired of it. And it's great to see the game grow and develop. Even if there isn't a story (besides prolouge) there are still TONS of side quests. To sum up the whole game, it's worth the $30 its asking right now."
76561197977060014,Recommended,320240,24866474,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,137255137255,"This game is fun.  Filled with humor, crafting, adventure, exploration, combat, and survival.  Could use ALLOT more stability, or an autosave feature (WOULD BE FREAKING GREAT!!!!!!!!)  Worth $30?  Yes!  (If (AND WHEN) it becomes MUCH more stable)"
,Recommended,320240,31244689,Posted: 19 April,all,☾ ☽ Dee  ☾ ☽,awsome game so far and the devs seems to be nice aswell :D
76561198007225917,Recommended,320240,25078827,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lucifer 666,One of the best early access games i played looking forward to the story line :)
76561198068822530,Recommended,320240,24745418,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PunusElskerPik,Is there going to be multiplayer??
,Recommended,320240,30636648,Posted: 20 March,all,Elsa,"Cannot wait for full release! Alot of time and effot has been put into this for a completley unique take on the survival horror genre, the humour and emotion is portrayed exquisetly. Cannot wait for the full campaigns too see what Compulsion has to offer! keep up the good work you saucy minx's!and Remember Take Your Joy!"
,Recommended,320240,30879293,Posted: 1 April,all,SomeJewhead,"This is a great game, i dont see how you could get board off of it, the map changes each new game, and it is a great open world game."
76561198334744436,Recommended,320240,30882360,Posted: 1 April,all,giANTACTOPUS,very fun and interesting. enjoyed the small yet challenging tasks. cant wait for the full release
,Recommended,320240,30891119,Posted: 1 April,all,TrinityLord,"Sick Game , definently worth it,  can't wait til the full game comes out, which should be soon"
,Recommended,320240,26423945,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,Great game so far but still alot of bugs cant wait for the final version
,Recommended,320240,24720438,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ice-lord Tlotoxl,"I loved the game it reminds me of Bioshock Infinate, the bright and happy atmosphere with a dark secret behind it somewhat reminds me of it gameplay wise as well, the wacky weapons you can create then to use it to kill a random dude in the street. Its buggy but not too buggy but that's to be expected since this game is in Alpha. And since this is in Alpha the game (as said by everyone else) has so much potential, my only complaint about the very lovely game is that hunger, thirst Etc. bars just need to be balanced so that our protagonist doesn't need to eat or drink every 5 seconds."
76561198028589483,Recommended,320240,24790970,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Liza,"This game is just bullsh..oh no no it's beautiful, sooo beautiful and joyful :))))"
,Recommended,320240,33244526,Posted: 4 July,all,decendantofdeath,goood game indeed
,Recommended,320240,33438641,Posted: 10 July,all,Bluejay™,"Great game! Lots of stuff to do, well worth $30!"
76561198061732453,Recommended,320240,31610208,Posted: 7 May,all,Echlord,Promissing.
,Recommended,320240,33994343,Posted: 3 August,all,rxg | Yoshinn,"NOTE: This game is likely going to get heavily changed in the future, take caution reading this!We Happy Few is a survival/stealth game thattakes place in the fictional British town of Wellington Wells in a postWW II alternate timeline.At the moment there is only one playable character with two morecoming in a later time. The only character right now is Arthur Hastings,a worker at the City Hall who decides to not take his Joy afterremembering an event with his brother, Percival or Percy.He ends up in the Garden District after a office party gone wrong.The goal of the game?Escape before the town itself collapses due to Joy.The game takes on typical gimmicks of survival games with Hunger and Thirst,as usual, however We Happy Few shakes it up with the introduction of Joy, thedrug that allows you to ""blend"" into the more sophisticated side of town. Howeveryou won't just need Joy to survive the plethora of events, bobbies, and citizens ifyou do end up getting caught!The game now also has 3 difficulties depending on how you want to play the game,Birdwatcher allows you to enjoy the world of the game without the need of Hunger or Thirst,and the Citizens are less likely to notice you. Downer is the normal mode of the game, withall the things I mentioned above. Vigilante turns up the difficulty greatly, with supplies beingmore scarce, mobs hit harder, and the people are more likely to notice you in the open.If you are a fan of the survival genre, and wish to see a new take on the game with stealthelements, this could be your game. At the moment it is far from complete with consistantchanges down the road.Support the game if you really believe in it.And don't forget...To take your joy!"
76561198015849238,Not Recommended,320240,24544177,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Happy,"Very disappointed to be honest. You have an awesome introduction into the game (known from the E3 trailer) and then proceede to spawn in a random place, knowing absolutely not what you are supposed to do and just mindlesly walk around looting things.It has potential, a lot of it, but without the story I simply don't see the point in investing time into the game, sorry :/"
,Recommended,320240,24538424,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dragnacity,"I think I'll wait for the full release, amazing concept though."
76561198246684354,Not Recommended,320240,25719021,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Squirgie,"Do not buy this game early-access, I'm disappointed that I bought this Early Access, as the content within is nowhere near Beta level.  I will try playing this game after the Alpha is released and give it another chance.  However, what little content exists is littered with game-breaking bugs, tedious repetition, and senseless grinding with no pay-off.  After my wife and I spent several hours trying the game, we found all our progress was lost due to a quest bug or something similar.  We have replayed the quests several times, and began to get frustrated when we found all our hard work was for naught yet again.  This game has an interesting premise, and I do hope the finished product is something worth playing.  Pass on this one for now, and wait until the full release."
76561197970879700,Recommended,320240,24547263,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,KUKWES,Punched a woman out and tossed her in the river. Her friends found me and started hitting me and begged for me to hit them back. Just like a regular night out.
76561198031339972,Not Recommended,320240,24937732,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nick_thorson,There are several times throughout the main quest line when you either cannot talk to the person you are suppose to or they are un reachable. There have been game breaking glitches which either trap you in an area or the game just shuts down. I will say the concept and art in game are great but serious work needs to be done.
76561198272684958,Recommended,320240,24649370,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zombienator,We happy few is very interesting. There are always going to be those reviews complaining about how it's another survival game. It is a survival game but it isn't a bad survival game. They did the survival aspect right and it is something new and interesting. It is also in alpha so it does have its problems of course. For example i went through a scan to get into a different area and i got stuck in the room. I starved in the room and died. The game is not perfect but it is different and well done for being in alpha. Honestly it is a must-play if you like survival games.!WARNING!- If you are going to buy the game play it with perma-death OFF because if you get stuck in a glitch and die then it is VERY frustrating. *It has happened to me and it is not fun* But again the game is in Early Access.
76561198332062012,Recommended,320240,32705642,Posted: 23 June,all,obfuscous1995,Such an amazing game. Cannot wait for the newest version.
,Recommended,320240,24646012,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Batman,"Exceptional atmosphere with decent gameplay. Needs lots of work, but that's expected.I'm actually impressed with this base game, and I'm happy with my investment. It's very tense. The survival aspects work okay, but I think the food and water should either be easier to come by or have a longer cooldown. It's not that it's too difficult, but it's more annoying than anything and pulls you out of the atmosphere when you have to always duck in a corner to eat a potato.The largest thing I wish this game had is some form of mini-map or objective indicator. It's such a pain to constantly flip up the map when you're trying to get back to a safe house or to a quest marker. Other than that, anything I really want has been announced as on its way. Keep up the good work!"
76561198098267623,Recommended,320240,24662716,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Soggy Baguette,5/7
,Recommended,320240,28774021,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KnightSmith,WTF is V-Meat
01010110100110101,Recommended,320240,31333835,Posted: 23 April,all,Psilocyco Funguy,Stanley Kubrick meets survival game
,Not Recommended,320240,24629427,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,✪Frexie✪,Sir you are being hunted in a more interesting world.
76561198309222511,Not Recommended,320240,24913880,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[EE]dutchteall,laggy as ♥♥♥♥
76561198360724942,Recommended,320240,33296006,Posted: 5 July,all,munching grandma,I have 3 questions1:how the hell did they come up with this2:when will the game be out of early access3: where can I get some of that joy
,Recommended,320240,24550169,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheBearJew,">Found a shroom house>Almost gets crushed by a couch>Decided to go in>Got attacked by junkies>Killed them with a cricket bat>Cricket bat breaks>Found a shovel>The killing continues>Stole their shrooms>Sees a note that says ""read me"">I read it>Recipe to prepare shrooms>Time to get high"
,Recommended,320240,28585019,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,shy,"is a good game!!!but,we need chinese!!"
76561198020284133,Recommended,320240,24611620,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rissquette,A very British interpretation of insanity.
,Not Recommended,320240,24786756,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sir Deadly,"So I gave this game a thumbs down for a couple of reason, so this doesnt hold your hand AT ALL.  Not saiyng it needs to but everything in this game looks the saem.  You can get lost very easily and run around with a chicken with your head cut off to find side quest.   main Quest tell you u need to do this but you STILL have to run around aimlessly until you just happen to find it,   2 hours into the game and havent even progressed into the story because I am looking for the thing to progress and they offer no hints or nothing.  But given its only $30 I would say buy for the price"
76561198059858915,Recommended,320240,32029736,Posted: 28 May,all,EazyDuzIt,"V-meat hot, V-meat cold, V-meat in the pot nine days old.. 10/1o would V-Meat again."
76561198310745823,Recommended,320240,32681417,Posted: 23 June,all,hughBastira,Awesome game so far ! Can't wait to play the story modeWhen the full game is ready!
76561197973616604,Not Recommended,320240,24788830,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,tikishark_2,"I ended up asking for a refund.  I may repurchase the game at a later date, but at this time, the game just isnt worth buying (early access or not).  Very limited in what you can do.  Everythign needs to be built, but there aren't enough resources.  The fighting mechanics are poor and there just isn't a story."
76561198262705853,Recommended,320240,25533000,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Tuukka01,Graphics	7/10Audio	8/10Music	6/10Controls	10/10Mechanics	8/10Performance	9/10Story	0/10Difficulty	5/10Replayability	8/10Fun	10/10
,Recommended,320240,29368543,Posted: 19 January,all,B ROCKSTER BRIAN,I refunded this game when I has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer that couldn't run it.... That was a bigger mistake than me being born.
76561198210458568,Recommended,320240,33842473,Posted: 27 July,all,Eli83,One of the most uniqe and interesting games i have ever played. The enviroment doesnt seem dead or boring and there are so many side quest and jobs that once you beat the main story line you can go back and play it again and look for those things that you missed. The story is very well made and intruiges you with the lore of the world. The more you play the more you realize that the society in Wellington Wells is way darker than you would think.
,Recommended,320240,24563134,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rokutsushy,10/10.
76561198072847266,Recommended,320240,25356023,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Slerpy Sloop,"On the day after the referendum I played this game a felt slightly better knowing that most of those who i had clobbered where brexiteers.""Fund our NHS with this""*inserts cricket bat into wellie's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052855000,Recommended,320240,24585455,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,綾波 レイ,its good
76561198324310957,Recommended,320240,30009779,Posted: 18 February,all,ID R,"The game looks promising. However, there are, of course, noteable negatives.Aside from the civilians being absolutely bonkers (they walk through you, spaz out in corners, keep repeating the same♥♥♥♥♥♥♥etc.) I noticed a major issue with the world/city renderring (i didn't spend 2.7k on a pc to have a building in the near distance not show up until i'm within 5-6 in game metres). If they fix this and several other bugs mentioned by others in the community then this game will have fulfilled my love of the idea of this game.for anyone who wants to know..i5 6600k + gtx 980ti (msi)"
,Recommended,320240,25348380,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Oswald,"May is more guide for any quest for done, is so puzzle so funny but I rather that's bug or real."
76561198191797099,Recommended,320240,24720154,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Koragon  (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ,good game but a lot laggy for me (11 fps) just need a good computer
,Recommended,320240,24651420,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Oking,">Game crashes on the first attempt to load it>Game crashes on the second attempt to load it>Game crashes on the third attempt>Game loads on the fourth attempt (It took a few minutes, I got hungry and put some popcorn in the microwave)>Someone calls me on Skype, the game crashes>The game loads after another five attempts>The microwave dings and causes the game to crash>It senses fear>whyme.png>Finally, after another two attempts, the game loads>Upon finishing the opening cutscene I'm presented with a choice>Being the conformist Brit that I am, I take my Joy>Queue credits>Game crashesIt's pretty good."
,Recommended,320240,29588009,Posted: 30 January,all,Duckislate,Really Amaziiing!
,Recommended,320240,30134982,Posted: 23 February,all,DJ_Artyom,"hOLY, Flock. What is this...."
76561198001432452,Recommended,320240,24642659,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Doc.ika,Pretty fun survivor game in development. I would recommend
76561198030278563,Recommended,320240,24750592,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,War-machine81K,"Why be a downer, when happiness is a choice:)"
76561198084935483,Recommended,320240,24545140,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"We Happy Few, love the Bioshock/Dishonored feel to it. Great game where you can choke people out and steal Rubber Ducky's.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux36BgywDOw"
,Recommended,320240,31499542,Posted: 1 May,all,Asriel Dreemur,cool game
76561197983951583,Recommended,320240,33498411,Posted: 13 July,all,drakendanvor,a very odd but fun game if you like strange post apocolyptic games on lsd this is the game for you ^_^
76561198065591246,Recommended,320240,33821768,Posted: 26 July,all,Maddragon,"great game super fun, well worth it."
76561198226243980,Not Recommended,320240,24555262,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The Dude,"Really disappointed they released this game with no story.Another company trying to cash in on early access using E3 hype to pave their way to success.Game might be worth looking into a year from now, but as it stands it has a lot of problems, and isn't worth 30$.I rarely refund games, but this is one of them. I really liked the trailer and hope the game will be good when it's finished."
,Recommended,320240,24539235,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Burgyiv,"a game about having family over and taking pills that make you happy,But i swear to god if timmy doesn't take his pills i will knock the joy into him"
,Recommended,320240,24538694,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dream Trinity,"Woaw, is that the Bioshock's child?Awesome gameplay, weird and fun! Come and try it, there are drugs for everyone!"
76561198018837807,Recommended,320240,33818709,Posted: 26 July,all,White Rabbit,"Amazing Game. Creepy as all f@# Hell. .... Love it. and no matter how many dead murdered ""downer"" citizens you see lying on the sidewalk..remember!! KEEP SMILING! ALWAYS BE HAPPY! GET OVER IT AND TAKE YOUR JOY!!! ._. ................ This is so very much our modern society but it makes a fantastic point, as was intented. Minus any sarcasm, This game really is outstanding. It shows the world as it really is."
,Not Recommended,320240,25683825,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Samination,"I wasn't very happy. The beginning was fine, but it quickly turns into genericville."
76561198052835210,Not Recommended,320240,24543632,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ninjaduck,"Was hyped to play the game, watched all the game plays of it however, still feel it is missing something more, for £22 at the moment and while it is still in pre alpha I would not recomend buying yet, but would look at buying it at an later time."
76561198087531682,Recommended,320240,35216808,Posted: 25 September,all,psionichelmsman,"I got lucky in buying this as a Christmas gift to myself last year.To be sure, the game isn't going to be for everyone. While I am disappointed and worried about the Gearbox deal, I have had a lot of fun with this game. I will not discuss the drama further here.Something to understand is that this game is still in early access. Most of the game changed utterly in the past year-and largely for the better. The art style is dripping with 60's psychadelia in a manner that both makes the best of that era's sensibilities but keeping some modern restraint in not painting everything Paisley.The mechanics generally have much improved over the past year, though not without some hiccups. Glitches have been introduced as some things were refactored and many, many others quashed.I was not fortunate enough to be a backer when the KS began-but I was intrigued anyway.While there is a lot of black humor in this game, it is often profoundly sad, wistful and grieving.The joyous façade hides so much. In a way, this game burrows from the finest dystopias, most obviously Brave New World by Adoph Huxley. (If you haven't read it and like this game, read it if you can.) The story hidden inside is often found at random, by odds and so that you can uncover, if by the newspapers Arthur may accept or censor, or by the letters found in abandoned mailboxes or looking closely at some of the posters and what the people say-even Uncle Jack, our unreliable lullaby singer.The story it tells is horrendous and ghastly.There is a persistent feel even at the outset that things have gone horribly wrong somehow.For Arthur, his story is to leave home and find his brother. We find out many things about him and his brother.The main story is not yet available and won't be until launch in April. I am willing to be patient."
76561198008550984,Recommended,320240,35066552,Posted: 19 September,all,Doggiestew,"I have been eagerly anticipating this game since I first heard of it and grabbed it as soon as it was available (for the discounted price somewhere around 30$). And although I think it is a little steep at 50$ in it's current form, by no means does it deserve a negative review based soley on the price, or the fact that they teamed up with Gearbox. (Borderlands is a great game, is it not?) I am positive that it will be well worth the price and then some once they finish it up nice and proper. I have yet to find another game in development whose crew gives regular weekly updates to the community on everything they are working on such as these dev's do. I know 50$ is a little expensive for some people, but consider the amount of hours and effort these guys have put into it. Dev's gotta eat, too ya know. If you can't afford the price tag now, save your pennys or ask Santa to give it to you, wait for a sale or something, because I can almost guarantee that once the game is complete, alot of those negative reviewers will change their tune, and if you let them dissuade you from this experience, you will certainly miss out on a spectacularly crafted piece of software. I've put over 600 hrs into just the sandbox mode (only available option atm) and I am not even close to being tired of it yet."
76561198002919081,Not Recommended,320240,24544363,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,<><,"I wanted to like this game, but I simply coudln't.  I didn't play very long because the game just feels so shallow right now.  There is no story, no real meaning at all.  Nothing you see in the trailers or screen shots is in the game currently.  The start of the game makes it seem promising, but then you wake up on some tiny island and thats it.  The only thing that takes away from the lack of story right now is that your character is possibily the neediest person ever.  You have to eat. drink, and sleep practically non-stop.I've been looking forward to this game since it got announced and was really excited to get in and play, but this was just a huge let down.  It would have been better if they had just waited till the game was actually done to release it."
,Recommended,320240,24537799,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Smoof,Awesome love it to bits!!!
,Recommended,320240,24542378,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Samishiisung,"Worth the inital price, not worth the new price.Wait untill reviews and release."
,Not Recommended,320240,24588186,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,leloony,"Not what I expected, this game is fun, but very misleading."
,Recommended,320240,25635234,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Second Impact was an inside job,"Always wanted to beat a bobby senseless? NOW YOU CAN!Always wanted to hit a British lady with a pointy stck? NOW YOU CAN!Always wanted to play a game similar to ""Equilibirum"", that film with Christian Bale and Sean Bean (spoiler alert: he dies)? NOW YOU CAN!Always wanted to experience the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of A Clockwork Orange and 1984 with a 60's vibe? NOW YOU CAN!--Even at a rather early stage of development, quite an enjoyable sandbox experience9/10"
,Recommended,320240,24555245,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Smiley217,Brexit really did a number on the brits. I dare say things seem to have gone swimmingly.
,Recommended,320240,24556919,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Durchfall Übung [LudioGames],Its a Really Great Title! And Hey! Are you a Downer?
76561198250350402,Recommended,320240,24656607,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Is This Casual??,is fun
76561198016828227,Recommended,320240,30276015,Posted: 2 March,all,Slimwaffle,OMG this is such a good game. I can't wait for them to finish it.
,Recommended,320240,31217052,Posted: 18 April,all,Nihil Reich,"I love it, Probably the best early access game out there, but it seems the optimization went to♥♥♥♥♥♥since the last time i played it, was getting 60fps but now its around 40."
76561198217168625,Recommended,320240,24614897,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Subway Drivethru,>Censored Newspaper>Game overStarts a new game>Accepts pill>Game over10/10
,Recommended,320240,24548797,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,lol,I finished the game
76561198055835606,Recommended,320240,24540115,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Supreme is a Respectable Company,They got cool accents I tell ya.
76561198136181966,Not Recommended,320240,25040655,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,spanglerized,"being incomplete its hard to give a good or bad right away. defiently want to see it finished but as is it feels very loose, just doing things for sake of doing them. for now itll be a no but i do enjoy its atmosphere and definetly gets pretty freaky when the denizens begin to surround you"
76561198057538504,Recommended,320240,24587593,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mason,Got Plague.Could not cure plague.Died to Plague.10/10 Would die from Plague I didnt have a cure for agian
,Recommended,320240,31928886,Posted: 23 May,all,Sorrien,JOY IS PEOPLE!
76561198102300141,Recommended,320240,33881622,Posted: 29 July,all,kansasdude94,"Great game. Difficult at first, but once you get it, its a great story line."
76561198043494690,Recommended,320240,33933148,Posted: 31 July,all,RedDevil,"First time I played this game I was experiencing some lags and stuff (no it was not beacuse of my pc) but I still enjoyed it, I didn't play through the whole game beacuse the lag made it really annoying. But after a few weeks of updates and stuff I went back and tried it again and it didn't fail to amaze me yet again, this time around I didn't experience any lag. Which made it much easier to play. As for my rating I would give it 8,5 Uncle Jacks out of 10 Uncle Jacks, would totally recommend. No i didn't review the gameplay etc but there are loads of other people that to that much better than me since english is not my native language... Bye!"
,Not Recommended,320240,34282229,Posted: 16 August,all,Rileyy,Why has it gone up to 38 pounds ?
,Recommended,320240,24597071,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,WilliamSail,Don't be a downer.
76561198131172785,Recommended,320240,24650230,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sponge,i love this game it's fun  and crazy at the same time  if your in too those tipe  of game's then go and buy this game.
,Recommended,320240,24581304,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Evadeon,"This game as it stands is great.By no means is it anywhere close to being finished; but it is what the developers are stating it is.I don't get all these reviews knocking on the disappointment for lack of story and content and it being just a survival crafting game.There is literally a disclaimer screen from the devs that you have to pass in order to get to the main menu where they state you will only be playing as 1 of 3 characters in the early access and that the only story content will be the prologue of that 1 character. So why are so many people surprised at the lack of early access content? It's early access, maybe if these people learned to read their experience with the game would make more sense.The devs also state that only 50% of the procedural world is included in the current state of early access, and that there will be many bugs and in some cases the game will not work period probably. They are very open and honest about the state of their game and are making no false claims about the game they are putting out for us right now.Edit: Also in the game's store page, where you are probably reading this very review; there is an in depth Q&A from the developers concerning the state of the game as it stands right now in early access and its future. It's literally right in front of everyone who's ever played this game. Twice.The devs also have a what seems daily update log on the main menu screen for us, where they visibly address the most reported issues and criticisms for everyone to see.This game has a long way to go until it is a quality, finished, masterpiece of a game; but it is well on its way.If you are someone who will complain about every little bug, a lack of content, or literally anything at this stage of the game's early access, you should probably wait until the official release and give the game a fair shake before condemning it."
76561198044200459,Recommended,320240,24752580,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,BigDaddyBoufa,thsi is a very fun game but i think something that they need to fix is making the getting thirsty and hungry bar just a little longer i feel like i have to eat every 5 mins and it pretty annoying.
76561198231979712,Recommended,320240,24567822,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr. Fuzzy Bottoms,It's alright
,Recommended,320240,24663380,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jon Lovitz,"anyone who has posted a bad review hasnt even plaid long enough to enjoy it.... its worth the money, fun game and love all the dark humor and references"
76561198351496373,Recommended,320240,30404978,Posted: 9 March,all,kd.eighty8,Waited for this game since kickstarter and it was well worth the wait. Beautiful and immersing.  10/10
76561198042590261,Recommended,320240,29109132,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
76561198074290813,Recommended,320240,31211513,Posted: 17 April,all,DOTZ,goot
,Not Recommended,320240,26465901,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,IcedTea17,"So I bought this game a while back, but my friend had it on his account and let me play it when I came over, so I did most of my playing there. I then proceeded to refund it on my account after playing for a few days at my friends as I just feel it isn't worth the money at this point. Here is a breakdown of my reasoning.Pros:- Cool atmosphere and backstory- Good voice acting- Detailed open worldCons:- Game is unclear on your next objective, never really tells you where to go- Fairly boring for most of the game- Glorified walking simulator, you just walk around and listen to depressed/insane people complain- Combat is bland and basic, you just melee with whatever object you have in your hand, be that a stick or a pipe- Graphics are not very good compared to the screenshots on the store page- *Minor Spoiler Alert* Despite the description on the store page saying, ""Hide, fight and CONFORM your way out of this delusional, Joy-obsessed world,"" if you conform and take your Joy when the game first starts, it rolls the credits. Seriously? This game should give you a choice on how you choose to explore this world, not force you to play against the norm.Conclusion: Do not buy this game in it's current state, it is a good concept, but is far too bland and boring to enjoy the atmostphere and story."
,Recommended,320240,35254569,Posted: 27 September,all,Capetus,"They give out weekly updates. They could not have, but they do. Give them the benefit of the doubt that they wouldn't do anything to damage what they've worked so hard on, and that they are making a 60 dollar game."
76561198022945302,Not Recommended,320240,26088348,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,had3s,"Well the game looks good,but the whole gameplay is just ???? I know that its early access but this is way shitier than others games who are in Early Acces phase. Just through the all time I spend in this game many things didnt make sense and I dont see realy offten to many updates for this game so I must give it huge thumbs down.I regret buying this game for full price,from trailers-screenshoots I've expected more but this whole game is just not working as the way it is atm. Sorry Developers,this game is bad.ps. this oppinion might change in future once they load all new content which they have been promising but to me this is just money catcher atm and I suggest you TO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,320240,24539671,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bluey Lewis And The News,took too much joy and woke up in a gutter 10/10
,Not Recommended,320240,24657992,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Kianoke,Do not buy this game.
76561198045055592,Recommended,320240,35115445,Posted: 21 September,all,Hosako,"I must say this is one of the few Early Access game i really love.Im following the game now for over months and every week u get a update on what the devs/coworkers are doing. Which in my opinion is rly nice because not many game dev keep the community up to date. When it comes down to how the game itself has improved then damn.So much changed in the past few months so much story content got added new Maps/island and more. Im so impressed by their work, looking always forward to the next update. They listen to the community interact with them. I rly feel like that we the ""Community"" + ""Devs"" improved the game together with our ideas and the support. Now i cant rly say anything about the price because i bought the game when it was rly cheap. So far cant complain always new updates plus every week devs update so is it worth the price or not everyone has to make the decision themself. At least i would say get them game on the next sale because if the rly keep up the work and improve it with all the content then damn the price could even increase."
76561198056394799,Recommended,320240,35107926,Posted: 21 September,all,mastergauron1,I absolutely recommend this game whenever it gets an 50% or 75% sale for anything less you are actually buying it for more than it was priced originally. I seriously advise to not buy it at full price till it actually leaves early access.
,Not Recommended,320240,34283613,Posted: 16 August,all,RextintorZ [BRA],"Published by Gearbox? Yeah, how about no? I wonder if this game will ever achieve its potential by siding with that company. Feels bad, man..."
76561198076488954,Recommended,320240,24537601,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Face of Mercy,Just pure gold
76561198151972436,Recommended,320240,24539259,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Uncle You Never Wanted,I feel a tiny too good...
76561198067407124,Not Recommended,320240,24549092,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SomeoneNamedBob,not fun
,Not Recommended,320240,26040614,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,farchettiensis,"Having played it on early access, I can say the game is but a concept for the time being. The beginning is brilliant and captivating, but the game failed to keep me interested as it went on. We are introduced a little abruptly to a fairly annoying system of survival, and the controls didn't feel intuitive at first. Graphics aren't so interesting so far, too. That being said, I believe the game great potential, provided the concept is developed, the systems made more intuitive (not dumber), and that focus not so much on survival. Latest updates seem to go this way, but I feel there's much improvement to be done yet, and for this reason alone I wouldn't recommend the game at this point."
76561198202243520,Recommended,320240,33304660,Posted: 6 July,all,Pebble808,Crazy people taking JOY drugs aha that is funny. The story is interesting & I enjoy it.
,Recommended,320240,24658685,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hawk,Found a gimp club with shock batons.
76561198236304074,Recommended,320240,25645044,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,goku,ما يمنديني اروح جهت الفخمين تصك علي العبة
76561198360241735,Not Recommended,320240,29515149,Posted: 26 January,all,Lemongoose,"I am very excited to play WHF once the full version is out, but I am experiencing Major Lag playing the Alpha release. Even having turned down all texture, shadow and graphics settings, it is a small bit better than my first run through the opening scene, but makes having encounters almost impossible. I can't fight or loot. Looking forward to this being fixed."
76561198093814131,Recommended,320240,24543360,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dice,">In Wellington Wells>Wandering for some time>Acquire cricket bat by robbing a home and strangling all it inhabitants quietly>Wander outside to see a man, in what looked like pajamas sprinting at breakneck speed and ring a ding'ing a bell shouting "" I'm Late, I'm late, for a very important date."">Chase him until a pattern is established>Once the pattern was recognizable I knew what must be done>Hide round corner>"" I'm Late, I'm late, for a very important date."" growing louder slowly>"" I'm Late, I'm late, for a very important date."" Soon>"" I'm Late, I'm late, for a very important date."">*WHACK* Bunny mans head  enters ♥♥♥♥in orbit>Citizens all gasp in awe as though i've murdered their god>They whip out stick's, bat's and their duke's alike.>Fight the angry natives with my trusty ol' wibblin bat>It Smashes on a young poor girls face> Startled i begin to throw my fists into a flurry backing up slowly fighting the mob off one limp carcass at a time> Three enemies left and I'm nearly dead>Keep fighting>Keep backing up>Two enemies left and I can feel freedom  calling> Backing up I land a daring blow sending a man who was fighting like a right nin' toppling to the ground like a jenga tower> I know the grace of victory will smile upon me today> Throw a punch at the last of my enemies>  My fist slopes It Doesnt connect> BUT WHY?!> I notice now that i am tumbling down i cliffside into the alarming water below100/10 Would send bunny man into orbit again."
76561198148512268,Recommended,320240,32921334,Posted: 28 June,all,hibajundi,"I absolutely love this game, and keen to find out when it will be available on Mac computers?"
,Recommended,320240,28244081,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sonyguy,i see skys of blue red roses two I think to my self what a wonderful worldNOT ITS A BUNCH OF SCARY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S RUN FORT HE SKY
76561198093513240,Recommended,320240,34808228,Posted: 7 September,all,Zen,"I'm pretty mortified at all the negative reviews here. I've got a few things to address, as somebody who has been following this game for years now.- ""They upped the price!""Yes. Compulsion SAID this would happen once they got nearer to release, so I don't know why everyone is acting surprised or worse, blaming Gearbox for this. Gearbox had nothing to do with the price change. Is it worth the 60 dollar price tag in it's CURRENT state? Debatable, I guess. Do I fully believe it will be worth the 60 dollars at release? Absolutely.Furthermore, 'it's okay for a 30 dollar game but not a 60 dollar one' is, again, subjective. What does this even mean? What one person expects out of 30 or 60 dollars varies wildly from person to person. And again, this is NOT the full game - I don't know why so many people are treating it like this is the entire game, when it's not even close to that.Another point about the price change; they've said MANY times over the course of production that the scope of production had changed, and requires more money. You expect a triple-A experience but an indie price tag? Be realistic.Another thing? If they just wanted your money, they would've just released a half-finished, much more generic game years ago. I doubt 'niche 60s survival-adventure game' is gonna appeal to the common denominator like a CoD game would.- ""I hate Gearbox!""I'm gonna say right now I don't hate Gearbox but I've also not really played any Gearbox games. I'm completely neutral on them and don't get the hate, personally. Even so, they're not... going to affect the game that much? They're mostly just going to be QA, marketing, etc, which Compulsion again has stated SEVERAL TIMES! It's not like Handsome Jack is going to be shoehorned in or they're going to include micro-transactions or Whatever people are so afraid of Gearbox doing to this game, which everyone has been incredibly vague about. Is it just the principal of the thing?- ""So this game is just a generic Survival Game, how lame""Here's where my review really begins.We Happy Few is absolutely not just a 'generic survival game'. Most survival games don't really have the presence, story, production value, aesthetic, or worldbuilding that WHF is bringing to the table.First off is the character of this game. It's absolutely teeming with personality, from the world itself to the inhabitants. The Wastrels of the Garden District are appropriately dejected and cryptic, muttering vague, unsettling clues as to what exactly happened. The islands they call home are equally as broken and bombed out, mirroring the people forced to live on them. It's a stark contrast to Uncle Jack playing over the loudspeakers, giving a charismatic, joyful performance while you rummage in garbage, scavenge for food, and explore disheveled hovels. All the while a calm but melancholy tune serves as background music; it's not obtrusive, it's not overly sad, but it fits perfectly with the air of the game.Eventually, you find yourself among the Wellies, who live in much better kept homes; there's even shops and clubs, and it's very easy to almost find it normal. Except, of course, for the masks, the occasional dead body with 'Nothing To See Here' signs posted around, the shady meat shop, the disregard for anyone who isn't like themselves, and the fact that everyone just seems to accept these things as normal. You also never feel completely comfortable in these sections; no matter how much you try to fit in, you know your cover could be blown at any second, and if you want to continue on your quest, you're definitely going to have to do suspicious activities. Being outnumbered by a whole town willing to attack you over a slip up, to say nothing of the Bobbies proper, can be pretty unsettling - especially at night.On top of all this, in two out of three modes, you also have to keep an eye on your Thirst and Hunger gauges, which have made me desperate enough to kill in certain instances, which I found uncomfortably but pleasantly realistic. However, if you're not into this aspect, there's a third mode where you only have to worry about your health and sleep. So the survival aspects are NOT forced on you, like some people think.A special mention to Uncle Jack; the performance and character here alone is worth the price of admission.Overall, I have absolute confidence in this game; I've been here since the beginning of Early Access, and  it's wild to see just how much the game has changed and improved since then.  I see it continuing to increase in quality and am very interested in seeing the completion of Arthur's story, as well as the two other routes. I expect I'll be spending even more time playing it come April 13th."
,Recommended,320240,25415653,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dizzy Cooper,prity decent game strange and intresting and love the theam  played a bit refunded to get anuther game but will get this agin after some more updates are out  id defenetly recomend this to a friend
,Recommended,320240,24545590,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Wayfall,"My specsCPU: Intel Devil's Canyon Quad Core i7 4790K 4.0GHZ (Boost 4.4GHZ)Cooler:Cooler Master TX3 EVO (Noctua NF-A9x14 Fan) at 40-60C load tempMOBO: ASRock Z97 Anniversary (Socket 1150)GPU: MSI GTX 970 4GB OC EditonRAM: Corsair Vengeance DDR3 1600Mhz 4x4GB Dual Channel 16GB kitSDD: Samsung 850 EVO 250GBHDD: 1TB Western Caviar DigitalMONITOR: LG HD 1920x1080PSU: EVGA SuperNova G2 550W 80 Plus GoldOS: Windows 7 HomePremiumPro's-Great introduction-Game world is very polished and the art type is really nice-Love the guy on the tvs saying dumb things-Great HUD and user interface in the inventory and crafting screens-Love the little hints that pop to help you when your trying to do something for the first time.-Lovely characters even thou there arent many.-Voice acting, modelling and animation is top notchCons-Framerate issues on settings higher than medium due to over use of ambient occulusion and shadows detail that isnt needed. Medium looks just as good really-Crashes that lose your save sometimes-Getting stuck in doors-Freezes now and then on loading screen-You require food and drink to often and these supplies are very rare so your main cause of death is thirst, starvation or food poisoning (sick pills are super rare to find) as you were only able to find rotten food.I decided to refund as i was fine with the frame drops (even with my beast pc) but not the crashes that lose my save.Good game thou, needs some tweaking thou."
76561198072142543,Recommended,320240,24568251,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RubberGum,fun for the kids
76561198046284778,Recommended,320240,30477797,Posted: 12 March,all,Gator Ghoul,Better than prozac. 0/5
,Not Recommended,320240,24601951,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sir Colonel Kentucky,not fun and gets lag drops good potienial
76561198102015136,Recommended,320240,30849456,Posted: 31 March,all,Toothy,我需要中文
76561198063333829,Recommended,320240,33788813,Posted: 25 July,all,n8m8thegr8,♥♥♥♥♥mechanics you can't leave combat if you're bleeding or low hp and heal  just lost everything 'great game' xdxdxd
76561198298035636,Recommended,320240,33293207,Posted: 5 July,all,aliedagmb,I like the game but cant wait for Mac release to where i can play it on a better computer than my old PC
,Recommended,320240,34241699,Posted: 14 August,all,Lovely Pon Petty,"Sooo, I ""finished "" We Happy Few and.... I got some words. While I'm no where near fully gamer level, I whole heartedly expected more for my good ol coin.Let's start with the good:-I love the overall theme and plot. It gives me bioshock and fallout vibes, plus I'm a sucker for anything with disco era fashion.-I like the quests/missions. It's not a straight forward game and I like that. I prefer options with how my characters can go.-I love the cursing lmao.- The suspense is there, definitely made me jump a few times. (internally)- I like the personal shelters you get on every island. Makes the back and forth easier.That's about it for the good...THE B A D:-The bugs and glitches omfg. I know it's early access and still in beta /lightalpha but jfc, fix it before trying to charge the future price of it (currently $26.99 but will go up to $50.99 on full alpha release)-The graphics are a bit wonky.. Majority of the time the textures couldn't tell if they wanted to be blurry of full rez. It's just odd... I don't like it.-While I like the quests, getting them done with that wonky♥♥♥♥♥tracker made me want to suit 3-4 hours in. Just needs to be trashed and redone. Also, while there was no grinding involved, it felt SO grindy. Like I had to do so much running around for so little that I was literally spent 2 hours looking for something tha I felt should of been corrected or removed from the quest.- The stack sizes of items are completely idiotic and need to be fully consistent across the board. Not 2 of these or 3 of those.-The repetitiveness of everything really cheapened the game for me. The same 3-4 lines every turn of the corner SUCKS. The same 3-4 npcs copy and pasted was very eh as well. Felt like the originally of the game stopped when it came to town, background characters, and voice acting.-tbh, if I didn't use cheats, I'd probably never finish the game. One quest was so buggy that I couldn't complete it till I restarted the game twice.There's some other stuff I dislike but I'd have to back through and remember.Overall, it gets a 4.5/10 until the massive update happens on the 16th and I'll do another review. But, I recommend it for the price its at now."
76561198317216764,Recommended,320240,34642416,Posted: 31 August,all,catchthefoxes,"Well, this game is pretty fun so far, its whimsical and melancholic and with all this talk of gearbox being involved and a season pass is really no matter to me (to be fair i bought this game when it was 30$) The story so far (though it isnt complete) is almost as good as a bioshock game, almost (sorry if you dont like comparing game stories) but we'll find out once its out on 4/13/18. When it is realesed i am hoping it will be a good game with a great story or it will be an avarage game wich is to say itll be a dissapointing game. Till then you'll have to find out for yourself, but yea they basically poured so much in the story and and game that the price had to go up ( giving special versions of the game isnt helping) wich makes sense but its still unfortunate to pay that much for a so called indie game. At this point its labels and prices that are getting people angry not the overall quality of the game and the developers are feeding the flames. But if you like dystopian settings, historical fiction, and the absurdity of life and are aware of how petty people are for thinking that anything could make them happy then youll probably like this game. But dont take my word for it."
76561198031113989,Recommended,320240,34806410,Posted: 7 September,all,schredr,"I'm sad to see it getting so many negative reviews because of the price change and publisher. sure that sucks, but this game is really fun and unique and i've had a lot of fun playing it. when i first started playing it felt sort of small, but the thing is, the experience grows as you play it, e.g.,  you unlock more ""blueprints"" that keeps on widening the scope of the crafting, each area is distinct enough from the others and the quests are, maybe a tad on the easy side, but over all fun and funny. i just finished the Nick Lightbearer quest which was hilarious impersonating a rock and roll star singing at a church devoted to the game Simon Says that I had just witnessed die. I'm excited for the development to continue and to play more ((its my bed time rn :3 ) and it was entirely worth the $30 I payed for this game :^). frankly it sucks to suck if you waited to buy it, but i think i'd shell out $60 if I had to buy it again anyway"
,Recommended,320240,34896714,Posted: 12 September,all,ec308,"Despite all the negative reviews about the price tag, I think this game is great, even in the alpha version. If it will be finished, with the campaign mode, it will be a fantastic game, worth 51€. Recommended it if you like survival games and dystopian worlds."
76561198268960371,Not Recommended,320240,24545666,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,"The game is awesome from the beginning. Then you realize it's barebones, wanna-be survival game that lacks content. I would wait at least a year when the game is more complete."
,Recommended,320240,34296083,Posted: 16 August,all,Disasterbenz,Amazing job cant wait to see the finished product!
,Not Recommended,320240,24657070,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Smedrek,"I'll keep it short and simple, this game is good, the game plays well and they plan on tweaking alot of things, devs are completely transparent and update weekly.My problem stems that this game had so much money dumped into it with kickstarts etc, and it just doesn't look like a $300,000 published title. It's rough around the edges and beyond the prologue, the story is seemingly non-existant.While I'm aware that this game is in alpha, it really should be considered more of a sandbox than anythingI enjoyed the time I spent playing but the time I spent playing is roughly the amount of time this game took to complete.EDIT: I also just kinda ran through police checkpoints and escaped the police at all times, wasn't a daunting task."
76561198209162003,Recommended,320240,34567359,Posted: 28 August,all,Tirigad,"This game is absolutely fantastic. They gave plenty of warning ahead of time that the price was going to increase, it didn't just happen out of nowhere. They even reccomended that people go ahead and buy it before it increased. Why did the price increase? So there could be a retail baseline. Before it goes out for retail,  the game has to have a set reatil price. They couldn't change the price as soon as it came out, because you have to plan these things in advance. I, personally, would still pay full price, as I love this game, and can't wait for 1.0. If surprise dlc is your issue, you don't have to buy it. It's extra content that you do not need to enjoy the base game, as they have stated.In conclusion, I personally have no issues with this game, except for a few minor bugs here and there. IT gets bigger and better with every major update, and the next one is the full release. Even though this is the case, they will STILL be adding content after release, including Wellie mode, where you can go and beat the living hell out of downers. I think this game is great, but you do you, man."
,Not Recommended,320240,24574414,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Salt,Just another crafting survival game in a market already oversaturated with them
,Recommended,320240,24539316,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,hachirita,lsd simulator
,Recommended,320240,34331770,Posted: 18 August,all,aLLynMaFia,Luckily I bought this game earlier. This game is not bad. It is fun and a lot of things need to do. Just played it for 4 hours tho. Will play it more
76561198015682171,Recommended,320240,34285059,Posted: 16 August,all,torch672,"Weirdest, darkest, uniquest(?) game I have ever played. This game will definetly cause you  permanent brain damage. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,320240,34366880,Posted: 19 August,all,nessn14,"Personally, I see an enourmous amount of potential in this game. I love the concept. with the new update, it makes the gaming experience a lot smoother. I really dig it. I feel like once its a complete game with a full story line, it is gonna be a spot on game; in my book atleast. I kinda hope we can switch through the 3 characters, the way you can on Grand Theft Auto 5. And Im sure the story will be amazing. I bought the game for 30 dollars and I am very happy that I did."
,Recommended,320240,24571635,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,wow,10/10 Would Get Yelled At By The Police To Stay Drugged Again.
76561197984915248,Not Recommended,320240,24936334,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ajecmar,The game feels very limited
76561198103446629,Recommended,320240,24538196,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Goldin,Yes guys. I took my joy pill and finished the game in 5 minutesBest game ever !
,Recommended,320240,34250176,Posted: 14 August,all,Delta - Swag,"Been assessing this game since early access with all the bugs and updates coming in and out.It's been a while since I found a single player game with a story line that is both captivating, thrilling and fun. I must say I enjoy the atmosphere, the dysantropic world and the inhabitants therein.The game will have you rely on beeing clever and you will face some story lines that are right out there were David Lynch couldn't have made it anymore abstract and weird, while still commiting to a thought through story line.It is a great game and a lot of fun.Thank you for bringing back the notion of story lines into mordern day games. Well done!"
76561198154183269,Recommended,320240,33554529,Posted: 15 July,all,暴风storm wind,chinese plz !!!!! I REALLY LIKE IT!!!!
76561198008773930,Recommended,320240,24648314,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Cartouche,BREXIT SIMULATOR10/10 Would leave EU again.
,Recommended,320240,34374747,Posted: 20 August,all,vTb_BruIsGreat,good game kinda short but excited too see what new things come to this game
,Recommended,320240,34200473,Posted: 12 August,all,MiraiChan98,"We Happy Few is an amazing game that is still in the works and I was lucky enough to get this game to support their kick starter.  The amount of detail that the developers put into this game is beyond my expectations and I'm excited to see more of the storyline.  Usually I would get bored of games after one run through and never touch it again until something new has been added, but I've been seeing myself run through this game countless of times to try and initiate different quests I had missed in the previous runs.  The developers of this game have mostly been upfront and honest in their journals, especially about the price increases and new programmings/details being installed.  I'm VERY excited to see what else Compulsion Games has to offer."
76561198086935101,Recommended,320240,34275728,Posted: 16 August,all,ClownExe,"Have had this game for the near-entirety of its early access, and it's come such a long way. The Compulsion Team is awesome, and has made sure that everyone is kept in the loop with informative and funny weekly updates on progess.I bought this before the price rise, which although some people are upset, as someone who reads each weekly update it is completely understandable about the need to increase the price.Although the game isn't currently worth the new $60 price tag, it will be once it's fully released. People who haven't yet bought the game may want to wait for the full game to be released before spending the money, but I see it as pre-ordering a game while getting to play an expansive demo.Really looking forward to the story when it comes out in full, but until then I'll keep replaying sandbox mode over and over - which I have done. 57 times. It remains awesome.Pros:Character development, even before story mode.Visuals are awesome and I love the dystopic 60's style and artwork.Gameplay is fun, works well and has just enough challenge to keep it interesting.The introduction of 3 gameplay modes means casual gamers not looking for a survival game but rather a fun game to explore will enjoy WHF too. I play on Vigilante, since I like the challenge.Story is currently on lockdown until the full release, but I already love the lore behind WHF which is imparted in an unobtrusive but interesting way.Cons:Occasional bugs with world design, where buildings may cut into other buildings, but these are quite rare.Other small bugs do occur, but I expect these in early access.Comments:One suggestion I have to Compulsion is that resources do seem to be a bit too abundant on vigalante mode. I'd like a bit more of a challenge when collecting resources on this mode.UPDATED: After the Life in Technicolour update, my criticisms regarding safe storage are no longer applicable, as there is now unlimited storage for the safe. Inventory being changed to a weight-based system is far better for collecting and storing resources. Crafting system looks great too. The update did cause my game to crash randomly, but after the hotfix released today, I haven't had any crashes."
,Recommended,320240,26663807,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,sam howizower,needs to be on makbook
76561198313073088,Recommended,320240,24693234,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,iT,GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,320240,24626361,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Myskillfeeeeed,"Don't get me wrong the game is good, but not in it's current state. In my 15+ hours, i have experienced so many gameplay glitches where to the point where it is gamebreaking and just frustrating. Like some main story missions can't be completed becuase of little bugs. When it comes out I would recommend but right now, Don't buy it."
,Recommended,320240,24555935,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Tim,"Sure, it may be in ALPHA for christ sake guys, but it's still PLAYABLE.How many EA games do you see that are stable? That can RUN smoothy?"
,Recommended,320240,29851336,Posted: 11 February,all,^8,"dont pay this much for this gha,e the money is not worth the purchase"
76561198289430458,Recommended,320240,33407852,Posted: 9 July,all,奇花式,we need chinese please!!!!好玩可是用手机翻译着好累啊......
,Recommended,320240,34043147,Posted: 5 August,all,BigPetri,"Love the game, can't wait till the release. Wish they didn't take your charged power cells after the open cutscene though. Otherwise great job. First game I bought with an actual release date. Worth every dollar. Sorry it's not euros."
76561198047177304,Recommended,320240,34231998,Posted: 14 August,all,russellbutterfield1966,"I may have reviewed this before, but I`ll review it again.Buy it you wont be sorry, its unique and brilliant,Review done, I`m off for some deep joy."
,Recommended,320240,34044938,Posted: 5 August,all,SavvyChick,"I have never really reviewed a game I have actually played until now. I have been intruiged by the thought of this game for a while now and have been hoping that eventually the full game would be released. One weekend I just gave in and decided to buy the game - probably the best choice I've made that weekend.I enjoy playing this game and just running around beating the hell out of everyone. I figured out drinking too much joy water - makes you high as a kite, where can I get that water? I found out that sleeping is for whimps and running around the town at night being chased is slightly amusing while trying to pick locks of random houses and killing everyone in there.One of the main things I wish that could be change is being able to more ""lockers"" to place objects for a hold - I horde everything in games. It would be nice to have a room that had all the tool benches you actually needed. Lastly, I would enjoy more updates especially towards the quest - would be nicer to know where the hell to find passcode cards etc.But, I recommend this game to anyone. I cannot wait for more!"
76561198017000343,Recommended,320240,33938005,Posted: 31 July,all,Me,"This game is fantastic!Can’t wait to find out why someone is pumping toxic clouds into the garden district at night. If the plague can be cured, why isn’t it being done?  Once the portal is opened, will we ever get to use it, and are we entirely sure we want to? What really did happen after the war? Who is this ""Executive committee""?  And whose side are they on?Survive the garden district, and make your way through ""civilized"" society to find the answers in the Parade district.The Parade and the answers are tantalizingly out of reach for now.  But there are plenty of quests to explore until the path to the Parade opens!"
76561197998272551,Recommended,320240,34790136,Posted: 7 September,all,The Talking Potato,Honestly I love this game alot im not the best to explain but the devs for this game really care about the community ignore the whining reviews about price for games when soo many others do so as well.It's a brilliant game with so much more potential i bought this game the first day it came out and loved it since.If you love Survival games. This game is your cup of tea.Edit: Fixing Typo's
,Recommended,320240,34349691,Posted: 19 August,all,ReddeSpectre,"I've had this for a very long time, and (Although I don't constantly play it) I've always had fun with the game. the 60$ price tag makes some people a little cautious, but don't let it make you write the game completely off. It's fun in it's current state, plenty of things to see already, and the Devs are consistently updating the game and providing info, so things look good.If the Price is a turnoff, I'd say add it to your follow list and watch for the release date (April 2018). Depending on how good the Story Content (currently not implemented, they've left the core gameplay intact for Early Access and are saving the Story for Release) is, I'd say it might still be worth the money."
,Recommended,320240,34376828,Posted: 20 August,all,gift me awful games,thumbs up because i was smart enough to get the game when it was $30
76561198070310526,Not Recommended,320240,25327576,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,KingSeagal,"I played this game for 1 hour and it's unplayable and even considering it's in alpha, it's still not ok... as it is now this is a waste of money... this is why i asked for a refund after 1 hour... probably going to consider buying it again after full release... I must stress again and again to not buy alpha-stage games, if they want free feedback and testing they should make the game free."
,Recommended,320240,34278294,Posted: 16 August,all,TheTealDuck,"Great game, probably the best devs. I've ever seen  for a game; get it before it gose $50 for the full story mode!"
,Recommended,320240,34307429,Posted: 17 August,all,On Vacation,Best game ever! :D
,Not Recommended,320240,34775685,Posted: 6 September,all,雪原,please add the Chinese language and we can have a better experience in this game.
76561198019548952,Recommended,320240,34641040,Posted: 31 August,all,Crack Spoon,"Fantastic game, brilliant concept, beautiful art style. Had this game for a very long time now, and with every update it seems to get better and better, always a decent amount of content etc added each time. Anyone who is slating this game because of the recent partnership with Gearbox is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I hope people like that don't spoil it for the people who have obviously worked very hard to make a game which is interesting and original. Heck I don't really play it all that much but if they released DLC for it I'd probably still be tempted to buy it. Well worth a look if nothing else."
,Recommended,320240,35057556,Posted: 18 September,all,LiveWire134679,"People....the review section is for reviewing the game itself, not the price.  Stop giving negative reviews just because you weren't smart enough to buy the game when it was a decent price.  Yes, we all know the price increase upsets people but giving a negative review JUST because of a price increase you're not happy with because you didn't buy it in time is not fair to the developers or the people curious about the state the game is in right now.  For me, I feel like the game is getting better and better, they keep adding things while fixing things as well.  They are working hard and I love the journal updates they give us every week."
76561198119405018,Recommended,320240,33918518,Posted: 30 July,all,Knight who forgot his pants!,Guys this game has so much potential and it's still in e.a. Gonna be released in August it's worth a check out!
,Recommended,320240,34138055,Posted: 9 August,all,donAllister,We Happy Few is one of the most unique and interesting takes on the Survival genre that I have ever played. Worth it.
,Recommended,320240,34722862,Posted: 3 September,all,Wonkytitters,"This game has been one of my favorite survival games because the overall atmosphere is so different from anything else I've   played. I am so excited to see the final product since even the alpha was so great, if unfinished."
76561198071765220,Not Recommended,320240,25682582,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Squish,"Tldr: There is no story, really repetetive and lots of glitchesIt was pretty lame. Its pretty much a Bioshock ripoff without the storyline. I bought this game hoping for a story. Watching the trailer I was like ""Wow this is a kinda cool concept, I wanna see the story behind how people started taking joy and why people wear the masks and such,"" but when you play the game, theres nothing. So little is explained. The ""bobbies"" aka the cops seem to be clones or something that pop out of these ""bobby booths"" which isn't explained. It also isn't explained why the ""downers"" aka people who aren't on joy don't have masks. Does the joy change your appearance? I don't get it, because the ""wellers"" aka people who are on joy would immediately recognize you as a downer because you aren't wearing a mask. Also the joy doesn't make you hallucinate (unless you take too much) like it does during the party in the trailer. It would have been cool if when taking joy like rotten food would be turned into cake or an actual appearance change to your enviroment other than simply being brighter.Lets go through pros and consPros:- I actually like the combat system, its simple- Everytime you die, the enviroment changes a bit so its not the same playthrough everytime- Interesting concept- Not as much hand holding. You have to learn the game on your own and find things by yourself.Cons:- No story- Nothing is explained- The NPCs are really awful. The option to talk pretty much makes your character say a random♥♥♥♥♥thing and the NPC say something random. When he talks to downers, he sounds like a crazy person. The NPCs also give chase for about 2 seconds before giving up.- Lot of glitches still. There's a great glitch where sometimes NPCs will throw rocks like machine guns which is great because if you play with no respawns, you are screwed. Quests glitch often which forces you to find alternative routes.- Again, no story :(- Combat is repetetive and annoying. Stamina doesn't matter, you can swing with no stamina- NO STORY UGH I BOUGHT THIS THING FOR SOME FREAKING PLOTI wouldn't buy until some of my cons are adressed, but if you'd enjoy games like Bioshock, Dishonored, and Theif but hated the plots, you'd love this game."
,Recommended,320240,34733412,Posted: 4 September,all,Fleshmeister,"It has a special atmosphere. The gameplay is a bit on the easy side, you can easily take out a bunch of people.It's all about the drugs lol. Run's just fine on my 6700k 980ti strix.I've encountered a couple of bugs, not really anything gamebreaking but some annoying ones.Still in early access thou so it's going to get even better.I probably would't recommend this game for 50,99€ right now.Personally i bought it for half that and can understand why some people are mad, but the warning was out there if people would have bothered to read (don't start with your RUB x4 bs in the comments please).Just wait for the game to be released with full content next year, it's going to be a good game that's why people are salty.Feel free to downvote this as you always do, have a nice day."
76561198315671340,Recommended,320240,32707751,Posted: 23 June,all,神奇的李先生,the only thing i what to say is WE NEED CHINESE
76561198281668801,Not Recommended,320240,25628421,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Cap. Duarte,"Awesome game but crashes all the time, has A LOT of bugs, its an alpha game but kinda expensive for a full of bugs game, i had i good time playing it but got disapointed about the game crashed."
,Recommended,320240,33462830,Posted: 11 July,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,♥♥♥♥in bobbies stole my vodka
76561198008713342,Not Recommended,320240,24542970,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,F. tom,"Generic 'survival/crafting' game, that we've seen a thousand times. Not worth $30 in the slightest, maybe worth more like $5, $10 when the full game is released.The gameplay is like any other survival game, you wander around, pick up seemingly useless items and then craft those into a slightly less useless item. However, unlike other survival games, there is no means of building a safehaven, no means of real combat, and no means of creating sustainability.Rather, you break into homes and whatnot while trying to not get caught, in order to procure items you need. And that's it. That's the entire game. You sneak around and steal food, literally.The concept seemed great, but the trailers promised much more than is actually presented. Do NOT give these developers $30 for this underwhelming game."
,Not Recommended,320240,26134335,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Barettokurabu,"checked it out, game seemed interesting enough.spent the next couple hours looking for stuff to do because the quests are so boring and pointless, the loot is so arbitrary, and exploration is not rewarding at allunfortunately i actually fell asleep at my desk in my chair and left the game open for 6+ hours, which prevented me from refunding.have no doubt the game might be better in the future but i seriously regret purchasing at the moment because as of right now its really barebones and one of those games where you pop in to see the progress and go ""oh yeah, i get it"" and then close it short after.i was actually somewhat excited for this release, and it proves that hype is exactly that; its hype."
76561198240348838,Recommended,320240,33481237,Posted: 12 July,all,legoing,"We need chinese,it's so difficuit to understand the plot."
76561198066059245,Recommended,320240,34341449,Posted: 18 August,all,Hollowgirl78,"Fun game for to kill a few hours but not much depth and it feels like there is a lot missing. I am surprised they are leaving the lower price and asking for full retail at this point. I would strongly suggest you wait for either the price to go down, or for them to add mroe features."
76561198042328281,Recommended,320240,24552354,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Robjef93,"Started the game,Took my joy as directed.Won. credits rolled.couldn't post with 1 minute play time, waited 5 minsGreat game 0.8/10 with rice"
,Not Recommended,320240,24710516,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DustOfTheNorth,"I cannot currently recommentd this game. Wait until its finished, the ""open world"" ""survival"" is not enough to hold this title together.The protagonsit is suchy a whiny baby, it got super annoying to hear him say sorry to people who he kills."
76561198067951687,Not Recommended,320240,24708580,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,FakeSympathy,"Pros:1. Great Concept2. Grim location that's actually grim3. Scavanging and looting4. Survival experience is made real. Many status debuffs and buffsCons:1. The guy you play as sounds and looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥2. Getting really low framerate. Don't know if it's not pc or cuz the game is in alpha3. Some quests area really vauge on what you are suppose to do4. I am suppose to see policemen and dangerous fog at night, But night street feels empty5. When you want to craft an item, You have to manually make room in your inventory. The game needs auto room adjustment in the inventory6. Points of interests are vauge. There are only few interesting places to go. 80% of location found on map are ruined and abandonded houses.7. Hunger, Thirst, and lack of sleeep happens too often, and you will ahve difficult time looking for ways to cure those.8. Story is almost nonexistent"
,Recommended,320240,33741242,Posted: 23 July,all,our pm is sad :(,its ok
76561198039421142,Recommended,320240,34869367,Posted: 10 September,all,Jay,"While I don't agree with the price hike, I will say the game itself is fun and a creative concept. So if you want to try the game and also have it pre-ordered then I say bite the bullet and get it. If not then wait for a steam sale after it comes out."
76561198067060790,Recommended,320240,35036944,Posted: 17 September,all,GrimDirector,"A wonderful game full of flavor and color, with a fair whack of uniqueness from most stealth-survival games! Can't wait for it to finally release! :)EDIT: Something I just realized - The price got hiked WAY up from when I got it. It was 19 something when I had bought it, and thats the price I'd recommend buying it at. The game is literally not finished yet and is missing large portions of content right now. Wait for a sale and/or the price to drop if you can, then get the game. Still fun, and I know it's not the developer's fault - blame Gearbox for this."
,Recommended,320240,34424991,Posted: 22 August,all,GooGles,Have had the game since Kick starter. Great game Picked it back up today after alot of updates and Its amazing! Cant wait for a full build
,Recommended,320240,34296821,Posted: 16 August,all,Juicy,This game makes me a little moist.
76561198046710327,Recommended,320240,35146258,Posted: 23 September,all,MountainDewIt,"Great game! Wouldn't say it's worth the price it is now. But I feel like it will be worth it! Keep making this game awesome!Love the creepy factor of surviving in a world that depends on a pill named JOY. Everything revolves around it, and if you haven't taken your JOY then you're called a Downer and become a criminal to society. Great concept!"
,Not Recommended,320240,24623287,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Moongo,"My god is this game buggy! Or maybe i'm just so unlucky? Looks promising tho, i'm having fun.Wait for the full version and check it out."
76561198101099739,Recommended,320240,24549709,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Er0h,It's okay
76561198212871953,Recommended,320240,35150647,Posted: 23 September,all,Pepe Silvia,A lot of glitches involving quests such as 'my back pages'. This game has a good plot and is very interesting but it sometimes feels like it's trying to be like fallout but that's cool i guess. The inventory is worse than it was before it was updated please find a way to make the inventory less clunky and annoying.  When you get to the final island (the one with the one where you sail to the parade district) it's underwhelming i expected to walked a little farther or have to complete some more quests but i guess not. Also this game is very exspensive for what it really is.
76561197976222615,Recommended,320240,34380713,Posted: 20 August,all,InstableMonster,"The game is good and the basis are solid, the story which is the main part isn't even in yet. People asking for a lower price because the game isn't finished don't seem to understand that they get the updates and will have the full retail game so there is no argument for having it cheaper than retail price apart from feeling entitled, which isn't an argument but a subjective opinion. It is their choice to buy the game right now in a early unfinished state. If you don't feel confident then wait until the game is out. Also, people playing .4h and leaving a bad review by saying the game doesn't have enough content when they didn't even try to see the content, good laughs."
,Not Recommended,320240,24669643,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,NitroMidgets,"If it was in fact a real Beta then it might be worth it. This is just early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like so many other games on Steam now.It feels like there are just parts of it that are missing.The controls are meh.The cartoon style is done well enough.You are forced into what is essentially cut screen events where you are forced into yes or no answers (not really freedom now is it) that may or may not effect the game.To be honest, selling early access to a half finished product is no different then the total nonsense that Ubisoft does to consumers. If you like paying for what is essentially a beta game, go for it."
,Recommended,320240,28332603,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Noh8plz,is poo
,Recommended,320240,34320346,Posted: 17 August,all,Bread,"I've waited for this game since it was a kickstarter, and I love it.  It was a really in-depth mind-f*ck kind of game that has a lot of detail.  Yes, it was relatively quick to bead it (7.2 hours), but I didn't do any of the side quests AND it is early access.  I really do recommend this game."
,Recommended,320240,34359921,Posted: 19 August,all,$7.99,"This game has been in early access for a year. They stated that buying the earlier build is cheaper. They were very open about this from the beginning and I think a lot of people are over reacting to the price jump. The games content tripled upon release, I don't understand how a 40% markup is bad.  Fun game can't wait to play the new stories."
,Recommended,320240,24541997,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PvtMcNuggets,>spend a few hours wandering around the slums>try to get out of the slums>guard asks me who won a game last friday>idk man you tell me>go beat up a guy who knows>get answer>tell answer to guard>cheerio>go to main city>get stabbed for not taking my lsd>get right back up to see 20 guards>get hit in the face repedeately>wake up in the sewers>go home>buy we happy few>play itTL;DR stay in the slums if you want to live10/10
76561198122198460,Not Recommended,320240,24802867,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Commander Cool89,Seems like ti may be good at its final state bt not at all worth $30. /how do i refund?
76561198084823201,Recommended,320240,34137446,Posted: 9 August,all,Pulowski,"even on the english setting, everyone speaks in a foreign language that is impossible to understand"
76561198291461980,Recommended,320240,35073044,Posted: 19 September,all,Vellichor,dont know what im doign most of the time but its interesting game for sure!
,Recommended,320240,35216220,Posted: 25 September,all,Heady Wook,The game is unique and offers a lot of opportunity for multiple play throughs. I've played through the alpha story 3 times and still love it. Top quality game :) Can't wait for release
76561197965074601,Not Recommended,320240,26364082,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,UNDERHILL,"The game is extremely annoyingly difficult to get anywhere. You'll find stuff, maybe craft stuff, the puzzles and quests are extremely difficult to complete due to the random nature of the game. Try finding enough cloth, for example. Just try. Knowing what to do is not enough you also have to win the RNG.The NPC's all say the same things and constantly joke about how they all look the same.Pathetic! It wouldn't be so bad if they actually said ANYTHING useful! ANYTHING! They don't.The progression is buried behind layers of RNG and quests which are unexplained. Sure they state the GOAL but none of the how, where, or why and don't expect that any NPC will say anything useful, ever.A real stinger for me is the torch: The item itself says specifically that you could use the power cell for something else. You CAN'T. The game implies this is a solution in several other ways as well such as the torch you can craft being an 'empty torch'. So bad.I love the concept of this game. I truly do. BUT I HATE THIS GAME! IT IS SO BADLY DONE!"
76561198366390399,Not Recommended,320240,30562911,Posted: 16 March,all,Blaq_Phantom,If you like starting over and over when or if you die then I guess thats a perk.... This game didnt do it for me. I thought it would be alot better and live up to the hype for me personally. Im sad to say that this game just wasn't what I expected it to be.
,Not Recommended,320240,24554496,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Uberbokchoi,"The game has definately possibility.Yet, maye its too early to release right now.I would recommend you to wait until couple of more updates comes out."
,Recommended,320240,34343394,Posted: 18 August,all,Nothing Matters,I highly recommend this game. Reguardless of it being cheap and unfinished it is still a worthy buy and will keep you busy for a decent amount of time.
76561198023613053,Recommended,320240,34062033,Posted: 6 August,all,mikkelquaade,i love this game it is the most fun and horror game i ever tried i recoment this game very much
,Recommended,320240,33882373,Posted: 29 July,all,koltonjoe,Great game. Has come along way.
76561197983386698,Not Recommended,320240,31573223,Posted: 5 May,all,HitNruN,"it was just way, way too short."
76561198077641703,Recommended,320240,34430302,Posted: 22 August,all,elisafield,Everything i have seen so far has been great guys keep it up i personally cant wait till the entire story is in
76561198117765482,Not Recommended,320240,26635104,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ForgottenWings,"Interesting plot, but the game is unplayable.DON'T BUY THIS GAME.I haven't seen any updates since I bought this game, seems abandoned.PROS:-At the beginning the game seems to have some potencial, was interesting.CONS:- To much bugs in the game.- There's no story line, just boring quests.MY OPINION:DONT BUY IT, AT LEAST THEY FINISH THE COMPLETE GAME FIRST.with the price of this game you can buy another complete game that will not dissapoint you."
76561198037451866,Recommended,320240,34484103,Posted: 25 August,all,2Dement3D,"Typically, if an Early Access game is going to raise it's price, it does so on launch day. This game is 8 months away from full release, yet now has been raised to full retail price despite being roughly 50% done. It's a fun game in it's current state (thus the recommendation), but it's severely limited.So, long story short... don't buy itright now. They are expecting you to pay full price this early on for what is essentially a barebones experience, and you have absolutely no reason to do that. Come back at launch and then see if the overall product is worth your time and money."
,Recommended,320240,24577859,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tea ❤,اللعبة جميلة جدا وممتعه لكن... مشاكلها كثير وبعض العيوب جدا مزعجة وحدة من المشاكل اللي جتني جهازي يطفى بالكامل ثم يعيد تشغيله والاداء فيها مخبط يعني الدروب فريم شيء جدا طبيعي في هاللعبة لو كرتك اقوى كرت بالحياة لكن مجملا اللعبة جميلة وممتعهلكن عيبها الاخطاء الكثيرة اللي فيها وبس .... :]
76561198042894373,Not Recommended,320240,24690037,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EatMyMojo,"""Happiness is a choice""I completely agree.You can either play this game and remain sad or you can play something else and be much more happy."
76561198283838162,Recommended,320240,30850869,Posted: 31 March,all,250,Please speak Chinese
76561198326876625,Recommended,320240,32371052,Posted: 12 June,all,Ruski Sniper,Short game with few bugs and scary. 8/10
76561198273638094,Recommended,320240,34510315,Posted: 26 August,all,Scarcastic Zombie,"I am unsure how I feel about the price increase, gearbox, you know the only thing the coummunity has been talking about for the past few days. But this is a good game. Mabye not at its current price of 50.99$, but it has great potential. Good story, one good character... so far, and good graphics. So keeping all of these pros in mind along with the fact that I like to play the game. I am going to give We Happy Few a thumbs up, ignore the cons and hope the develpoers know what they are doing....BUT I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU RUIN THIS WITH LOADS OF OVER PRICED DLC IM GONN- no, no ok, its a good game. I trust you guys. Don't make me regret this."
76561198003352425,Recommended,320240,34385606,Posted: 20 August,all,Donovan,"I'll adress the biggest issue first: the price hike.The devs made it a big point to explain exactly why the price went up. You can read it on thier blog post, but I will summarize here:(1) The game is going to get WAY bigger(2) As part of these expansions, narrative/story is going to have a ton added to it in particular. It was primarily a sandpox pre-Gearbox publishing. The story was just optional. Now it seems as though it will be much more prominent.That is baiscally the gist of it. We Happy Few is getting much bigger than originally anticipated. The price was updated to reflect that. This is beyond Early Access. I think quoting the blog post directly is the best way to explain why the price went to $50, instead of, say, $35-$40:""If our company isn't a success, we're done""There will not be any chance of them making another game ever again. Because they won't exist. Marketing ain't cheap. I know Early Access has screwed some people in the past. But these guys post updates every single week, and take community feedback pretty seriously. People asked them to make the game bigger, so they did. They needed to increase the price to do it, and I trust them. Can't say the same about many other devs.If your problem is with Gearbox, it seems to me that all of their terrible games were (A) side projects and (B) heavily outsourced. Games they actually cared about, like Borderlands 2, are very good in my opinion. Gearbox here is not developing, they are publishing. The same dev team, although expanded, looks like they will handle almost all of the actual development, and Gearbox will handle the marketing and the like. I really don't expect the partnership to affect the quality of the content produced, but it will increase the amount.Now that that bit of unpleasantness is behind us, we can look at the actual game:We Happy Few is a rougelike set in an alternate dystopian 60's England, in thte fictional island chain of Wellington Wells, where everyone must take a happy pill called Joy, or be cast out as Downer. While the game is fun to play mechanically, I thing the biggest selling point is the setting. Visually, it looks amazing, especially with the latest update. Quaint little cottage houses line the streets in the village, with people strolling about and Bobbies patroling the streets. Uncle Jack's broadcasts playing on the TV's, it all has a certain charm in it. I don't know how they did it, but it feels so immersive. I often find my character has more fun when trying to blend in, strolling about on his Joy and trying to be up to no good without having the whole town kill him, but that is just me.Music: Can't really say much, just because it is not something I normally attach a ton of importance too. I'll just say I think it fits the aesthetic and reinforces the themes the game is trying to speak to.Narrative: They have an ""encounter"" system, sorted into story and secondary. Encounters generate when you start up a new game, and activate when you apporach them. Some encounters are always on a specific island, while others can be found on one of two. I say this because I have never seen a Garden District encounter appear in the village, and vice versa. Despite a system that lends itself to such a loose story, there is a supising amount of depth to some of them. Some are pretty superficial, but others genuinly impressed me. In the intrest of keeping things spoiler free, I will stop there.Gameplay: the game operates pretty smoothly 90% of the time. There are some missions that really do not work well with the missions they have built. Mostly the stealth based ones. It's just kind of awkward to sneak around in this game, but it certainly can be done. Combat is exciting, with weapons making satisfyingly accurate sound when you whack someone over the head with them. Combat is pretty smooth, but you do have to establish a bit of a rhythm to get good at it. Bleeding out/infection mechanics are enough to keep you worrying about them without being too punishing. The climbing animations are also immersive and well done, though every once in a while something is *just* too far of a jump to make not clunky. The survival aspect of the game could use some fine-tuning, but is acceptable for an early access game.So if the trailers and screenshot and such have you so totally hyped you just can't wait and/or you are impatient, then by all means grab it. But considering you won't actually get any more content until April of 2018, it is smarter to just wait. In it's current state, this game is not worth $50. It is probably worth $35. But I have the utmost confidence that it WILL be worth $50 when it is fully released."
76561198312908660,Recommended,320240,34811888,Posted: 8 September,all,Tander,nice game
,Recommended,320240,34280892,Posted: 16 August,all,Ickthedeadlyfish,Good stuff.
76561197997648371,Not Recommended,320240,24652128,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jimmy288,NOPE
,Not Recommended,320240,24552285,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JokerFTW,Well I wanted to support this game as its only in Early access but their trailer which was shown in E3 was really GOOD! but game in current condition I wont recommend this now! but this game will be good if Developers are fast enough to give more contentsCurrent game state is  like this Sleep = Wake Up = Kill a few NPC = Collect Items = Sleep = Wake up = Again repeat
76561198194709487,Not Recommended,320240,25233401,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,miobawb,im glitched in a tree and i cant get out and i dont want to restart my gamesave wtf
76561198006364955,Not Recommended,320240,33551649,Posted: 14 July,all,MRCREEEPR,got very boring very quickly and game glitched about 3 hours in to my gameply and i was unable to go any further.
76561198036252931,Recommended,320240,34678421,Posted: 2 September,all,SirKiwi,"Oh boy. I love this game. I'm going to still play it.But should you buy this game? As of right now- no. $60 is a lot of money for a game that still has bugs, crashes and other odd things. I got this game a while back, so my love of this game does come from seeing how it has grown.I get the anger on here right now, I really do. But if this is what it takes for me to see this become all it can- I'll wait it out.But for you, new player, put this game on your wishlist- wait for a sale. I hope it this game will still be worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,320240,34184739,Posted: 11 August,all,Sadius the Corruptor,"Seemed like a good game but couldn't get past the fact I had recommended specs but the game ran poorly, dropped everything except textures to medium and it ran at like 70fps but was a strain on the eyes. It also looks nothing like it was advertised and with a price increase this game can go ♥♥♥♥ itself"
,Not Recommended,320240,29072741,Posted: 6 January,all,Glitch,"My expection was pretty high for this game, but I was extremely gutted it didn't have much more of a story element. I saw the trailer and I liked the concept. The first 10 minutes I absolutely loved and I wanted more of. To find myself then waking up underground with a hunger and sleep meter I instantly knew what type of game this was.Don't get me wrong, this could be one of the greatest survival games going, but my best advice is to not watch the E3 trailer. Watching this completely threw me off and I was expecting a game where it's really story driven like Bioshock, but that's not what I got. I've played lots of survival games and I just wasn't interested in playing another.I'd say if you're curious, buy the game and if you don't like it after an hour, just return it."
76561197987251857,Recommended,320240,34844997,Posted: 9 September,all,Issmir,Some of the best world building I've ever seen.  You can play it with or without survival elements and it's a lot of fun.  One of the more feature complete and polished EA games I've had the pleasure of playing.
76561198097839888,Recommended,320240,34674874,Posted: 1 September,all,SomePlebeian,Neato game but with gearbox now involved you wonder how much they are going to change things...
,Recommended,320240,34688076,Posted: 2 September,all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,I want to give this game a bad review so bad . Its overpriced but ... I just cant stop loving it . Its overall a great game with so much potential . I cant wait for the full release .
,Recommended,320240,34988503,Posted: 15 September,all,Grungy,This game is Great! A new Hefty price before release in the games current state I cannot recommend but the game I can!Currently waiting until it's finished (as long as i can before I get tempted) but it's a fun stealth/survival game thats been getting great updates. If the price triggers you then wait for a sale.
,Recommended,320240,34321333,Posted: 17 August,all,Skadi,This review is not helpful :(
76561198164895115,Recommended,320240,32453877,Posted: 15 June,all,CommanderSheriff,I`am not happy.
76561198127283630,Recommended,320240,34483211,Posted: 25 August,all,Zombie,People are not recommending it not because of the actual gamebut because of gearbox   even though they are just publishing it not actually making itBut it is a fine game if just a little pricy
76561198068837007,Recommended,320240,34486240,Posted: 25 August,all,Derpicide,"""I don't go around gratuitously beating people and then bragging about it afterwards in seedy downer bars, like some chaps I could mention! I go around beating people gratuitously and then I agonize about it afterwards for hours to my girlfriend!""Things you shouldn't do in real life1: Stop taking your prescribed medications suddenly2: Trespass on your neighbor's property3: Beat your neighbors to death with a pipe4: Steal all your neighbors' things5: Eat magic mushrooms while doing 2 thru 4Things you should do in We Happy Few1: Stop taking your prescribed medications suddenly2: Trespass on your neighbor's property3: Beat your neighbors to death with a pipe4: Steal all your neighbors' things5: Eat magic mushrooms while doing 2 thru 4If you think 50 dollars is too much for this game (it is) just wait until it goes on sale.Very rarely do I ever buy a game at full price on Steam"
,Recommended,320240,34420535,Posted: 22 August,all,ArcticFenrir,How to lose fans and alienate gamers checklist.Get a promising deal with a well known beloved publisher? Check.Double your price to represent the real value of the game? Check.Add a reasonably priced collectors edition that gives you the joy of buying the game seperately? Check.Add the option to buy future quality content early via Season Pass? Check.Add lootboxes for real money? Pending10/10 would buy again.
,Not Recommended,320240,25536603,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,LinkUseTheTriforce,The best part about this game is that i was able to return it.
,Not Recommended,320240,24561307,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Crab,"Honestly there is nothing I liked about this game. In the short time I played I found nothing positive about this game. The graphics are ugly, combat is meh, it runs pretty poorly for a game that doesn't look good, and in my opinion the game is stupid. This game caught my eye initially becuase it seemed creepy and gave off a bio-shock feel, but the trailer that caught my eye is pretty much the only thing in the game right now. After that you are just thrown into the game with nothing but repetetive quests. The quests are made up of running to places, which isn't very fun because the game world isn't interesting at all. Definitley would not recommend this game in its current state. The $30 price tag is honestly ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,320240,24635966,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hurchan,Don't preorder.
76561198161414491,Recommended,320240,34604723,Posted: 30 August,all,ITokyYourCookie,"I didn't plan to write a review, but ..The reviews which are flooding in are based on price of the product, they are judging the developers connection with publisher, their choice to create DLCs, special editions and season pass, but not the game, which I feel is extremely unfair and can rob a lot of people from great game experience.To address that, the game is great.It's awesome mix of dystopian survival, which is fun even without fixed storyline and was entertaining even in early development! The world creates its own story, in encounters, level design, art and gameplay mechanics. I won't forget when I first arrived to one of the islands inhabited by Wellies and my character was thirsty, so I drink some water in one of the fancy houses and an icon telling me I was under influence of joy popped up. I was amazed!Important thing I feel I need to mention is the developers, amazingly open development, honest and fair. I always enjoy reading weekly journals, learning more about the project, having some cool insight. This is not the industry standard, but it should be.So, to end this review, the game is well worth it's price, and the reviews addressing publisher and price policies just have no place here."
,Not Recommended,320240,24929826,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Frone,yeaaaaaah i got a refund :s
76561198190824625,Not Recommended,320240,29794202,Posted: 8 February,all,Fish_Master_Thrice_Pierced,"It wasn't a bad game, but it takes quite a long tim eto actually start things up. For a while after you start the game you're just walking around doing nothing."
,Recommended,320240,34926965,Posted: 13 September,all,Gollum hellcase.com,"Great game, i've been playing his since the early beta."
76561198289138316,Recommended,320240,34813388,Posted: 8 September,all,sebrosgar,"More of a question than a review here... I payed for the early access version way back in January. Since the complete version of the game is soon to be realesed, does this mean I'll have access to it, given the fact that I bought the early access version?"
76561197982150751,Not Recommended,320240,26701550,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sand Phoenix,"This game is soooo broken. Don't waste your time or money on it. Wait another year until they finish the game. I was so dissapointed when I played this game, it looked so good at E3."
76561198027854502,Not Recommended,320240,24588558,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,JohnGulBunny,"I died of starvation after eating three fresh mushrooms, very great game r8 8/8"
,Recommended,320240,34388958,Posted: 20 August,all,JerryVoider,"You guys better work hard on the story , or this will be the second no man's sky(which just got a lot better though)"
,Not Recommended,320240,24880865,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Celery Man,"This game is nothing how I expected it to be, I expected a linear, messed up BioShock like world and was introduced to really questionable survival mechanics which make no real sense with the beginning of the game being how it is, this game's a wasted opportunity."
76561198111281989,Recommended,320240,34447686,Posted: 23 August,all,'Broken' Dark,"Its a fun game, but im personally not okay with Gearbox being the new publisher, nor am i alright with this big of a price jump for a game that is unfinished. Should have kept it at 30 lads. (which even then, was a very steep price)It has a nice atmosphere and the place feels genuinely insane. I just hope that when this game is fully released that it doesnt turn into another AAA game that has most of its content carved out for DLC."
,Recommended,320240,34911547,Posted: 12 September,all,Mr. Hound,"I guess some people are upset about changes in pricing? for a game that has been available in early access for somewhere around 2 years. the fact that it's decided it can be a big enough game to warrant the price I think speaks more to it's quality than the cry of the demanding public. Maybe you disagree, you can say what you like, but at the end of the day I got a great game at a great price at a time that directly supported the developers, and that fills me with ""joy."""
,Recommended,320240,30853851,Posted: 31 March,all,XXXLil Notorious A$AP O.L.E :),"My experience with this game can be summed as thus: every update I found myself testing the changes, nodding in satisfaction, then quitting the game to await the next update.Arkane knows how to make a good game. No question. But if you film an Oscar-worthy movie and the lens is smudged while filming, you can't judge what's underneath without acknowledging what's been marring your experience the entire time.=============================PERFORMANCEEveryone is aware of the performance issues, and these still persist to this day. It runs much better than at launch, where it was literally unplayable, but that's because the game looks worse than before - the most noticeable change being the extremely aggressive LOD scaling. Out of the corner of your eye you notice the shapes of window frames and posters on distant buildings morphing in shape, or the furniture at the opposite end of a long hallway suddenly blinking into existence. FPS dropped to 15 when stabbing a gravehound, so they simply removed the inky visual effect that was causing the problem instead of optimizing it.Also, Denuvo authentication is one of the longest ""loading screens"" of the game. Around half a minute to a full minute or more every startup.=============================GAMEPLAYFor the most part, gameplay is excellent and is Dishonored's strongest suit.Dark Vision was changed to a blurry short range sonar so unlike Dishonored 1 you aren't constantly seeing blue and yellow because you had no reason not toAI is much smarterNonlethal combat options are a blastBonecharm crafting system allows for player flexibility and ""builds""Each level feels lived-in while maintaining the duality of directive flow and open options that made the first game so good.Emily and Corvo have distinct animations and final weapon upgrades. The animations are supremely cool.Each level is fairly distinct, some with extremely interesting central ""gimmicks."" I do, however, wish the game relied less on them and had more ""regular"" areas.However, under the hood lie other problems. Most of them are quality-of-life issues:Gone are the hotkeys for journal, inventory, bonecharms, powers. Only one ""journal"" exists now, despite still having separate subsections.It took months for the power wheel to be fixed. It took almost a full second after activating to pop up and be usable, breaking flow so badly I almost never used it in the first place. It's finally fixed now, but this issue was glaring and it took so long to be addressed most of us played through without it fixed.Thrown objects don't always go exactly where your crosshair is. While this adds a layer of difficulty, it feels noticeably more clunky than in the first game.Mana regen is pitifully slow. From using a power to fully regenerating, Dishonored 1's time is 4.7 seconds -> 3.1 seconds with Spiritual Pool. Dishonored 2's time with 4x Spiritual Pool is 6.3s -> 5.5s. The devs said they fixed this effect, but it was only made worse.Bugs. Street speakers not playing. Dying after possessing gravehounds. An arc pylon never shutting down after pulling out its power, leaving it to either be dangerous to you to dangerous to your nonlethal playthrough. Some of these still aren't fixed.=============================STORY AND ATMOSPHEREReactivityGreat. My favorite part of Dishonored. You need to hide from a gang member to access a certain black market shop, and there are different scenarios and dialogue for if you hide, if you run into him outside, kill him outside, or kill him inside.Emily and CorvoEmily and Corvo are voiced. And... they don't talk enough. It's good that they're silent for most of the game, but there are times when you come across a portrait or photograph with an ""Inspect"" prompt. I'd love to hear Emily's thoughts on the High Overseer as see how that compares to Corvo's, or if it changes based on whether or not you accept the Outsider's Mark. Instead, all I get is the protagonist muttering the name of the person pictured. What's the point? Might as well keep them silent.It made sense to me to play Emily first, but her story felt lackluster, like people at every turn were saying ""check your royal privilege"" despite my efforts to resolve everyone's problems without drawing blood. Corvo's is MUCH more interesting as a veteran of Dishonored 1.The Outsider and The VoidI hate the new Outsider and his new voice. He felt threatening and malicious in the first game due to how calm and composed he was, and the Void felt like a strange and otherworldly place. The vignettes of Dunwall made it feel both unnatural and unnerving yet fundamentally woven into the universe. In Dishonored 2, it's just smoky blackness and sharp rocks. The Outsider is much jollier and moves around erratically, making grandiose hand gestures. They actually had a plot plot that could explain this change, but it was never addressed, so it just seems like a pointless retcon to me.Main PlotDishonored's worldbuilding was always one of its appeals, and that remains true in Dishonored 2. However, the villains felt lackluster. Only the main villain has a real presence throughout the game, whereas everyone else feels introduced abruptly only to fall by your hand, all within the same mission. In Dishonored 1 everything felt personal and real. Perhaps it was because of the long intro where you interacted with most of them, or the Hound Pits's cast of characters all having different connections to your targets.=============================As you can see, I've played this game a LOT and have put a lot of thought into it. It was definitely worth all those hours and all that money, but the condition it was at launch and the sluggish drip-feed of support we barely get now is unacceptable. To set a precedent for future games, I can't recommend buying this unless they manage to fix all the performance issues and bugs, which doesn't seem to be happening anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,320240,25438200,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,DragynDance,"Literally only because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mansion ""stealth"" level.  Because the enemies will suddenly stand up and turn around in the middle of an animation where they're laying down, for absolutely no reason whatsoever."
76561198049934592,Recommended,320240,34827307,Posted: 8 September,all,Spacehamster,"First I don't truely up or downvote the game!I bought the game before their announcement of price increase. Then Gearbox got involved and price increased even more, but afaik this way they got more ways to to increase the content (and earn more fame/cash of course).IMO there's no reason to downvote the game to hell because of this. Put your disagreement on the forums, not in reviews, and in return devs should be open for a huge load of disappointment on their forum and handle it.For me, this is a clear example how EA can be a blessing for devs or pushing them towards doom because they don't follow the EA fanbase expectations.All I can say is, put pressure on the devs on the forums instead of wrecking a game by changing/downvote reviews.In the end, both parties wish for a good game don't we?"
,Recommended,320240,34910753,Posted: 12 September,all,Dr. BAMF,"People are mad they didn't buy this game in time, and now still bought this game to fuss about it.   Pretty good game, got to kill an englishman."
76561198134544161,Recommended,320240,34675268,Posted: 1 September,all,SuprAzn6223,Love it that's it
76561198087138074,Recommended,320240,24657074,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hanoi,5/5. Such wow. Great idea. Fun Crafting. Epic jokes. Many wow. <3
,Recommended,320240,34510878,Posted: 26 August,all,SirRanjid,Great game. Everyone's b!tching about the new pricetag and about gearbox publishing it. AFAIK gearbox made borderlands and I didn't regret the 60$ they got for it.
76561198118188360,Recommended,320240,34813715,Posted: 8 September,all,Palmed-Sized Taiga,"Ok listen, This review is going to be written in two parts. Part 1: For those who left the negative comments (Majority wise recently) Part 2: overwall gameplay with pros and cons.Part 1:To those of you who left a negative review for this game, to just complain about gearbox (award winning game production company with amazing staff and employees), the price, or to make a point of the author and designer of this game ""sold out"", you honestly do not understand how the game industry works, and will suggest you look up the compition for going to retail, which this game is going to do. Gearbox is making this idea of a dreamer become a reality, to hate on gearbox or this game soley for the pricing is childish. Especially when it's not even complete yet and its already an amazing game. It would be a different story if this game was going to be on steam only, then it would be debatable for the price increase. Secondly, the director of the game even left a discussion addressing the protests of you whiners and explained in detail why he chose gearbox as a partner. All for good reason too. Especially when they make good games like borderlands. If you are looking to buy this game, do it. Do not listen to these haters who b**tch and moan for nothing. They need to get jobs if 50.99 for a new game is too much for them :pPart 2:This game is very astonishing. From its replability, to it's fair difficulty. The player will have MUCH to do, and the best thing is its not even finished and its damn near perfect. Administrators fix problems in the game as soon as it is addressed. If you buy this game please report any bugs or anything that needs improvement for that is how a game is truly built.Now to go on to the pros and cons of the gamePro:Great Character developementGreat graphicsControls are responsive and simple to learnCrafting abilitiesRogue like gameplay along with easier black out gameplay for gamers who prefer thatDifficulty diversityDeveloper updates on time and immenseWorld randomly generates and so does the quests to keep things freshUnique dialogueGreat character designsMultiple and different ways of combat (such as stealth or passive)Scavenge and survive(to be honest theres so much good with this game i can go on and on)Cons:Analysing takes time, the map kinda generates as you take steps (this isnt much of a big problem for it happens randomly  and miniscule)Not really an effective HUD display for sneaking. Can't tell if your seen or not seen until its too lateThe statues displays sometime bug and show your hungry alot sooner than it should.Overall this game is amazing and unique. Anyone who enjoys rpg and rogue like games. 9/10"
76561198073103442,Not Recommended,320240,24608749,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TaichungCanuck,"The developers have not implemented any means to re-map control keys, so the player is stuck using WASD.  If you're left-handed, as I am, and find it impossible to use WASD, then you will want to avoid this game.After having watched the trailers, I was excited about We Happy Few.  Starting up the game, and finding I can't play it is very disappointing; and over something so simple."
,Not Recommended,320240,26204298,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,8bitbang,"Not what I imagined from the trailer they released. Maybe it will get better, but for now I can't recommend this. It's a shame since it looked very promising"
76561198329508590,Recommended,320240,34537505,Posted: 27 August,all,j81regal,"This game is so crazy and fun, keep developing!"
76561198143001591,Not Recommended,320240,25366744,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JacobToftHansen,its not as fun like it seems on the vidieo or on youtube ;(i will say 10 or 18 eurs
,Not Recommended,320240,24563132,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,juicypirate17,"this game is more of a baby sitting simulator than the alternate past that was advertised. This game is nothing more than you running around a town looking for supplies, no fun, no excitement, no story. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,320240,35142535,Posted: 22 September,all,Celi,"To all who are whining about the price, what did you except?? This game is bigger then just a plain indie title and all the content that is in the game does justifies the price.All of you angry edge lords can stomp your feet and huff all you want, that's not going to change anything. Me, on the other hand, will contunie to enjoy the game and congrats CG on al the progress they have made."
,Not Recommended,320240,33652224,Posted: 19 July,all,Hey Drunni,"This is going to be the first review iv ever given on steam and that's because this game annoyed me enough to give a review, not only do they still charge about $40 au for this game, its taken months at a time for them to add content, it is basically a skeleton of a game, couldn't complete missions or anything because it was missing LARGE amounts of content leaving there literally nothing to do in the game, i had high HIGH hopes for this game but have been disgustingly disappointed. The concept is amazing don't get me wrong, but the constant glitching and the lack of content is tedious, just a classic case of taking take the consumers money and run. Currently not worth buying, don't waste your time and money and maybe that will encourage the creators to finish the game!!!"
76561197971062662,Not Recommended,320240,24543366,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cy4nide,"Promising start just for the game to leave you wandering around without any aim or direction, if you enjoy mindlessly looting stuff and eating/drinking every 5 seconds so your character doesn't die, go for it, otherwise it seems like a waste of money so far."
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,320240,24546481,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Gentleman,"walking simulator,,,could be the best tag to sum up all the default tags for this game.... It might get better (really hope so) but there is nothing much to do besides walking =/"
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,320240,30041664,Posted: 19 February,all,dfaugust2k,"~I really don't know, but will they ever finish this or did i pay $30.00 for a demo?"
76561198066934044,Not Recommended,320240,24623355,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,thomasrichard666,Played for 5 hours and found bug that wont let me paly further. Im currently trying to get a refund for the game.
76561198189438183,Recommended,320240,25500527,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Anthomyst,"This easily made its way into being one of my favorite games!! Very fun game, I love everything about it, the style, the movements, the story, everything is so amazing. I do not regret purchasing this game!!"
,Not Recommended,320240,30047172,Posted: 19 February,all,Molo,"when I saw the trailer I thought of bioshock play style, when I played the game I was Bio shocked."
76561198029018084,Recommended,320240,34880722,Posted: 11 September,all,mkremer,"Great game. A bit expensive now with the price increase, but great.Ignore all the bad reviews connected to Gearbox.The only reason reviews are at ""Mostly negative"" is because people are using all their internet courage (they really should be proud) to hate on the world because they are miserable."
,Not Recommended,320240,24548686,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,S1nn3r,It's just beyond me that people are buying this and actually liking it. Looks like a solo developer created it and it is buggy and feels very cheap. No real plot either.
,Not Recommended,320240,30453064,Posted: 11 March,all,darkrose209,"I bought this game and knowing it was early access. The game kept crashing and it kept destorying my saved file, i'll rather avoid mainly if youre playing on your laptop..."
,Not Recommended,320240,33190648,Posted: 3 July,all,MayoNeesan,Trailer shows adventure game with an immersive storyReality shows survival game with 2 min cutsceneDon't buy. Just not worth it
76561198052831193,Not Recommended,320240,24640609,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,vinton1640,$30? Can't get that back.... don't do it.
,Recommended,320240,34483342,Posted: 25 August,all,Painless,"Good game.Don't mind the down voters, they have their panties in a bunch."
,Recommended,320240,24539154,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Benis,> Go into a house> Feel tired> Sleep in one of the beds> Woken up by getting hit with a stick by an angry father> Get rather annoyed> Beat the family to death>Drop bodies in a pool of toxic water> Started regretting killing those poor druggies> Take drugs> Kill more people> Talk to people about goats> Kill people who comment on my sexy new suit> Go home> Played some We Happy FewReally relaxing game to get you over a stressful day.
,Recommended,320240,34488108,Posted: 25 August,all,Manny Calavera,"All the bad comments because the raise the price? LOL .... you should buy it when they were looking for supporters, not they have gearbox support, they call it business! LOL Got the game for less than 15 bucks (i bought it the mexico store) I LOVE IT! cant wait to april so I can play the final version!!!game is awesome! great graphics!"
76561198083780040,Recommended,320240,34652327,Posted: 31 August,all,adena.nichols62,"To all the reviewers who hate the game because it's too expensive, you should have bought it early access 6 weeks ago. Love the game, worth the £20 I paid for it. Yes it's got bugs, but it doesn't get released fully until next year, so don't give bad reviews because it's now more expensive!"
76561198078345389,Not Recommended,320240,29259138,Posted: 14 January,all,TheArmedMadMan,Just another Indie survival game on Steam
76561198082423218,Not Recommended,320240,26724108,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,kattfish69,"No need to waste your money gang, this one's not ready. Immediately after loading the game you learn that less than half of the game is actually ready. (Was not able to find that metric on Steam or their website). Figured i'd forgive their convenient removal of data before plunking $30.00 on this title. That lasted literally 5min longer. Rubbish.Graphics: 2012 called, they want their textures back...stability: crashed twice on Windows 10 in less than 5minPlayability: nothing special, crouch, jump, run, climb. All has been done before.combat: didn't play long enough, game was that bad....Just requested my refund. Will never buy this game and will likely will not buy from this publisher. Seeing is how Contrast has a 3/5 on metacritic, I feel pretty comfortable with that statement."
,Recommended,320240,24537066,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,F3,I took my joy pill... and then wrote this review.
,Not Recommended,320240,28228839,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Vladamir Stupuko,Just not a fun game!
76561198176371074,Not Recommended,320240,33684560,Posted: 20 July,all,TyRex,sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198020710757,Not Recommended,320240,29474199,Posted: 24 January,all,morry1000,I will never buy a early access game again so buggy and unfinished why buy a game  thats not even close to being finished just a way to get money out you !!
76561198058290610,Not Recommended,320240,28485383,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zacoboy,"should have been great, a real let down."
,Not Recommended,320240,29113743,Posted: 8 January,all,Jem,"I honestly wish i could refund this game, spend time playing it with my girlfriend just before she left me, don't need this."
76561198374526573,Not Recommended,320240,30634444,Posted: 20 March,all,ajack15,"The concept of this game is sick but my utter excitement quickly died as I tried to play. You can't even look around while walking. I couldn't hardly even kill the first enemy I came up on. I paid $30 for this garbage, it' a slap in the face. Pretty pitiful a company would allow something this awful to be released. Not making a mistake like this again......"
76561198278975792,Not Recommended,320240,28910575,Posted: 1 January,all,share28,I am disapointed Its horrible. FIN.
,Not Recommended,320240,25330806,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MR.STAKE,"DONT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS GAME ITS A WASTE OF 30$ THE ART STYLE LOOKS LIKE A BUCKET OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WAS SLAPED ON A CANVIS AND ♥♥♥♥ING NO MANS SKY IS BETTER THAN THIS GAME AND THEY GAVE OUT FULL REFUNDS TO PEPOLE THERE IS NOTHING TO DO AND IT ALL RANDOMLY GENERAIDED AMD IT SUCKS SAVE YOUR 30$ AND BUY SKYRIM, FALOUT NEW VEGAS, AND MOROWIN"
76561198217987391,Not Recommended,320240,29187056,Posted: 11 January,all,Jeremythehatter,This game is unplayable and incomplete. I feel ripped off.
,Not Recommended,320240,25829290,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Atlas1205,We refunding many :P
,Not Recommended,320240,24541664,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,icetool34,nahEDIT: since the peeps been hatin:I didn't like the survival aspect. I fell in love with the game when I saw a trailer and i thought it was a  linear game. When I found out it wasn't it was ripperino
76561198021694018,Recommended,320240,25615531,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Мойша,PLEASE RUSSIAN LANGUAGE!11!!!111!!
76561198053813885,Recommended,320240,29267792,Posted: 15 January,all,Old Rancho Gregor,By far one of the most addicting survival games Ive played. Its very unique and I already spent almost 20 hours exploring and playing only 50% of the game. I cant wait for it to be 100% complete and enjoy the full experience
,Recommended,320240,29573183,Posted: 29 January,all,Pablo the Plumber,"I absolutly love this game, i seem to be having an issue with a mission tho, the campfire mission wont let me pick up the duck that they threw because i was unlucky enough for it to have landed in a pile of bricks which im guessing the duck sank into and now i cant even manage to see it :( sad times 10/10 tho would buy again"
76561198138549735,Recommended,320240,29487649,Posted: 25 January,all,[202nd] EvanWolo,"I read about this game a year and a half ago in an issue of Game Informer. I thought it was an amazing concept, so I waited until a couple months after the early access release and decided to buy it. As soon as the game loads, I hit new game, and then I spawn inside of a... newspaper censorship office? For the first couple minutes, you carry out your character's job. Blacking out newspaper articles. That's until you have a flashback after reading one of the articles from a few years ago and choose not to have your Joy. Joy is the amped up anti-depressant that makes everything happy and fun. It makes you forget. Sounds nice, right? But if you don't take it, you become a Downer- suicidal, depressed hobos who live in the abandoned and wrecked buildings of post-war England: The Garden District. Making it out of the Garden District is your first task- but it's not that easy. From here on, you can explore the dreary Garden District, complete side quests, and try not to get killed by hallucinegetic induced maniacs high on shrooms.Pros:Great SoundtrackImmersiveDrugsDecent Graphics (Alpha)Lots of fun toysFunny, yet creepy at the same timeIntriguing StoryOpen WorldCons:Repetitive NPCs and BuildingsOverwhelming Side Quests+Story QuestsNo Perks/TraitsHealth does not automatically regenerateOverall: 8/10**Will update rating/review after release"
76561198121457729,Recommended,320240,29529313,Posted: 27 January,all,Swag1NaughtyLlama,"Honestly, there are a lot of bugs in this game. However. The game itself is amazing, let alone a great idea. I believe when this game comes out fully it WILL be amazing. I know there are bugs and i have experienced a lot of them in just 5 hours. But i highly recomend this game to anyone who likes survival, open world and story. Becasue even though it is simplistic it is hard if not played right. If you can get it in a sale get it! its price for an early access is quite high. and it is barley completed. But it is, even now, amazing!"
76561198319195700,Recommended,320240,24788462,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,WithyBarley,"After 17 hours with the game, I am barely scraping the surface of all the gameplay mechanics, weapons, and locations of the game. The main goal of the game is to escape the city, but doing so takes hours of trial and error. This is not really a bad thing, as discovering new things is great, but it does feel a bit repetitive at times. There is a lot more content in this version then it may first seem, and if you are really exited for the full version as I am, I would definitly recommend trying it out."
76561197987064142,Recommended,320240,24894519,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,mulligangster,"For a game that doesn't have much right now, this is still pretty good. It has challenges that make you think for the puzzle style gamer, it has many areas for exploring for the exploration style gamer, and the action of the FPS for the action style gamer. There's no real story at this moment but it has the feel of one with all the side missions you can do right now. I can't wait for a finished product."
,Recommended,320240,24870184,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Guilty,This game got big future!
76561198095833201,Recommended,320240,24872908,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Roy Valdez,"""Don't worry, be happy"" in a nutshell.The war was lost, and to keep the peace and silence the people take a drug that makes them carefree and happy, but with a tad bit of psychosis.Honestly, the gameplay is great if a bit odd. Moreso considering how quickly you go from stuffed to dying of hunger. That should take about 3 days if you stay hydrated, not a day tops. The map generation is a great idea, yes, but there needs to be some...how do I put it, balancing to it. It's not fun when you spawn in a map requiring the card key to cross the bridge, but the bobbies don't spawn at all meaning you cannot get the key and the other requires the wrench...with no wrench.With a bit of work though this game can be amazing. It's got the potential, and with a bit of fine tuning it can nail the execution down too."
,Recommended,320240,24837055,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Bishop,"Sad to see a lot of bad reviews since this game is actually really fun, once you get the hang of it ;p"
,Recommended,320240,24812343,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MJArmageddon,"This game is great,the game can be a bit glitchy and the fps can drop(that may just be my PC)but the game is in alpha so what do you expect? It's fun and challenging because of the need to stay fed and watered,it enhances the need to rummage and makes surviveing difficult. It's not at all like fallout or the elder scrolls,but it's awesome if you want a challenge,not to mention every game is in a new layout so it has so much replay value. Controls are smooth for keyboards and controllers. I love this game."
76561198054614962,Recommended,320240,24829350,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,pane4l,"Well I only heard about this game about a month before its Early access release. I guess that has worked in my favour, because I messed the hype train. Ive seen reviews saying that this game is just like the rest of the open world survival games out there. I mostly disagree. Sure your typical survival (Eat, drink sleep) are a major part of this game... They do it slightly different to what I have seen others do. Not so much in the actual mechanic of these these things, but more the dynamic they bring the the game enviroment as a whole. I also have to say that the theme and enviroment are quite unique in their asthetic which is a great relief. I can see great potential for this game, and am looking forward to playing through its development. I am snug as a bug on a drug playing this game"
76561198056046538,Recommended,320240,24869381,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Babeeb,"This game is fun as is, and is only going to get better. The developers fixed a TON of problems with the first big update. And I'm positive there's only more to come. I might recommend waiting a little while if you're looking for a more complete game, however. Because there is still work to be done."
,Recommended,320240,24760801,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Orword,"Smart and beautiful game. Even at this early stage, it's completely worth it."
76561198152862566,Recommended,320240,24764650,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,mialeedee,I've had this game for about a week and i can say i really enjoy it so far. Of course it needs to have some more work done cause it gets a bit buggy and repetetive at times but I love the concept and style. Im really excited to see what will become of it.
,Recommended,320240,24770120,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,repdetect0,"This is very much a work in progress, with a real need for some of the mentioned survival gauges tweaks. However, it is also an excellent world, art style, and concept. The game doesnt lack for quality. It just needs a more solid implementation of its survival needs. Although it is a definite Early Access game, it is still worth the money now, for when it is completed down the line. Im sure the realworld video integrated into the game, with actual actors, probably wasnt cheap.My very early access recommend is to buy it if it looks even slightly intriguing to you."
,Recommended,320240,25399599,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TUBESCREAMER,"I should have watched game play, and for that I can still recommend, but not for the advertised experience.  I thought the game would consist of overwhelmingly creepy scenarios, music, and cool crafting, instead I got a bioshock game"
,Recommended,320240,25468009,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,tomas_649,I need help! Right after the intro. Where i wake up in a bunker. How do I get out?
,Recommended,320240,25353546,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LetsKickThis,this game was the best! i learned that all british people are drug addicts. i leanred that branches can kill mamoth inhuman alien bobbys (police). i learned that murdering people in there houses for food and sleep is a good thing! i learned that socialising is bad from this game!!!! but all seriously in just alpha this game is ♥♥♥♥ing phenominal! like i cant stop playing it :D deffinatly worth the low 32 for what feels like a almost 60 dollar game!
76561198213346281,Recommended,320240,25323664,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Thebozman,amazing but could do with some more dialouges and better bridges as it takes a while to get across but other than that an amazing game
76561198120039620,Recommended,320240,25303630,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,shiyun96,"Interesting concept, great art style and engaging gameplay! The best thing out of all of these is how engaged the developers are towards player's feedback and ACTUALLY try to work on it.Yes there are still many bugs and limited island you can travel to but given that this is still in the alpha stage, i'd say it's jolly well a good game.I'm eager to see what the future content will be since the game is still 50% done. All i hope is that the game will be updated steadily and to actually meet Arthur's brother... xD"
76561198194641799,Recommended,320240,25326548,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,aotfreak,"Considering the game is still in early access, its pretty amazing. I love the art and the concept is very interesting. Im excited to see what its like when its completed."
76561198118673615,Recommended,320240,25291774,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SchwibbelSchwabbel,"""The very best ""Early Access"" game I have ever played."" - Me in Discord to my friends. Jk, i got no friends :(This game is pretty damn awesome if you consider it's current state of development and I don't regret spending money on this. Even though the price is heavy for an Early Access game i am surprised by the amount of playable content and the smooth open world, in a positive way of course.There is a crafting system which feels very accurate and complete, a very interesting and funny main questline aswell as sidequests and notes which take you from one emotional trip to the next one. This game can be pretty dark at times with a lot of british humor.The fighting system ist simple but efficient. the different weapons are really fun to use and there are a lot of useful or even necessary consumables. Furthermore there are different enemies to fight and some pretty funny situations in which you habe to fight (trying not to spoiler).Overall the game seems pretty solid even though sometimes it feels a bit empty. The open world ist not full, the story isn't finished yet and glitches and crashes do occur (one crash at a hot day so it might have been my hardware aswell). Bugs are around every corner and sometimes the craziest things can happen (bodies you tried to get rid of reappearing in your bed chamber) but i am sure fixes will come as the developers are quite active.I would recommend to buy if you liked TLOZ Ocarina of Time (idk why it just feels similary appealing to me), Fallout 4 or pretty much every other storydriven open world game with crafting, looting and a world to explore.If you want to check out the game take a look at my videos if you please and feel free to leave a comment or like if you think i deserve it :D i'm trying my luck on youtube and i'm determined to become a good entertainer.Best wishesSchwibbelSchwabbelOh and before i forget here the link to my channel and sorry for the wall of text!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeKduEaGk0vR97p5WzO23Gw"
,Recommended,320240,25284045,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Slickback,"overall the concept is cherreh. wish the game was longer though. developer's actually respond back and fix♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you like rollin balls back in the days, or still do you'll enjoy this. don't be a downer."
,Recommended,320240,25284248,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bambiraptor,"As far as i'm concerned this game is heading in the right direction. One of the biggest turn offs for me in this game is the lack of mood shifts. wherever you go on the map everything will feel too homogenous, everything will look pretty much the same whether it's the assets (like houses) or the general mood and ambiance. It's hard to make realistic dynamic looking procedurally generated stuff but surely they can do better than this. Other than that i enjoy the game as it is and i feel like it's only going to get better. I would recomment waiting until the game comes out of alpha to buy it though."
,Recommended,320240,24907736,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SkeletalWixard,"I loved the concept of We Happy Few the minute I heard about it. So far it hasn't disappointed. The look of the game is lovely, and I'm enjoyed the gameplay. There are a few issues, I won't lie, but that's completely expected at this point. I'm excited to see this game turn into something fantastic, which I have no doubt it will do."
76561198251581966,Recommended,320240,25140254,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The_Gaming_Mint⭐,i dont know whats up but i cant find the bunker with the raft. I go to apple holm but there isnt any homes or building. Just grass and benches. I dont know if this is just an error or am i doing it wrong.
,Recommended,320240,25141417,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"Its a ton of fun, with tight combat. Unfortunately, the story sold me on it, and very little is available outside of the intro, which is sad. I spent roughly 8 hours dicking around and running through the main story. I didn't do all the side quests at all, but I did screw around and rob a lot of folks.The procedural generation is really excellent and has a lot of promise. On my first playthrough and a cheaty second run-through to look at stuff inside walls and in closed areas, everything feels carefully hand designed and well done - it never feels like procgen where crap is just suck together.My only worry is that the 4-8 hour cleartime most are reporting will be close to the total in the end. I know many procgen games focus on replayability and rapid return, like binding of isaac, Crawl, Hammerwatch, Risk of Rain, etc, I think, truly, that based on how excellent the story and actors are that this should be a much longer adventure, I'm hoping first time clear if you plow through it being 8-12 hours, especially for 30 bucks.But who knows how that'll play out - I spent 30 dollars which seemed real steep, but I also had a great time doing a marathon for 10 hours of just playing it.If you have the cash to burn, I'd check it out. It's really, really excellent. I hope it grows to be even more excellent when it leaves Early access."
,Recommended,320240,25174653,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ಠ_ಠ ♥ Amber ♥ ಠ_ಠ,The concept of the game is absolutley amazing! I have had a few glitches in the game but that is expeced of a game that is still in ALPHA.I would recomend this game to anyone who likes survival craft games. It is more one the casual side but is enjoyable. My favorite feature (which can also be annoying lol) is the inventory. It is a puzzle in itself. It is simlar to tetris where you have to fit everything in a certain order.I have high expectations for the storyline.Dont de a downer!
,Recommended,320240,25175155,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mojodamm,"26 Aug 2016 - Played for about 4 hours.I loved the opening sequence, which set up what I assume will be the 'main' quest of the game.  Through circumstances I ended up in what I think is the Garden District.  Ran around for a bit and talked to some people, completed a couple of side quests, then stepped away from the computer for a bit and came back dead due to starvation.  My first impressions are that there is a lot to like about this (very) early access game.  The atmosphere is outstanding, the mechanics are enjoyable so far, and there's a good bit of freedom.  A bit Bioshock-ish in it's aesthetic, which in my opinion is a good thing.  I don't have nearly enough time invested so far to go more in depth, but I'm enjoying it so far.Of course, $29.99 is a lot to pay for an early access game so I can't fault anyone deciding to wait until the game is further fleshed out, but I'm glad I took the chance on it and hopefully others who may be on the fence about it will support the game's development as well, because from what I see the game has massive potential.Will continue to edit as time in-game and out permits."
,Recommended,320240,25201481,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MrLkn,We Happy Few is our joy pill.
,Recommended,320240,25210260,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,caillooou,love this game to death!Its just too bad i cant figure out what to do...
76561198122183616,Recommended,320240,25242171,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Toxic,Really fun and with a lot of potential. Highly recommended if you like crafting and survival.
76561198127315410,Recommended,320240,25242606,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Coologic,love it
,Recommended,320240,25277069,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DarkBlueLagoon,"The game hard, Lonely feel while I played focuse to much on survial then the atmosphere though it can be fun. But for some reason on my end I didn't enjoy it when I play it on late nights or nights so I guess for some don't play it at nights if you are tired."
,Recommended,320240,25555433,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,No Dope - No Hope,1 WORD. OH MY GOD WHAT A BEAUTIFUL GAME!!)(!)ASHDASDASD DASD
76561198064322239,Recommended,320240,24711596,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Butterlord,"To sum it up in it's current state.It has a great environment/atmosphere, it's nice to explore the story.However, it seems like the survival mechanics overwhelm the rest of the game (as of right now, keep in mind gameplay tweaks are easier than creating an interesting story/concept/environment.So keep an eye on this one, but do not buy it yet.See if the gameplay improves (just check the game's news feed and reviews)But the main dealbreaker is the 30$ price.That's far more than it should be at this stage (But see comments below), and they plan to increase the price at the games full release.That being said, the developers are great and there's no doubt in my mind that they will keep working to improve the game.If you're willing to wait for the game to be balanced and finished, by all means get the game.If you aren't and want a finished game, keep an eye on this one but look elsewhere.Also for anyone who knows someone/has a xbox one, there's a free trial you can play (it's limited to 45 minutes however)"
,Recommended,320240,25089368,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Seemo,9.5/10
,Recommended,320240,24731218,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Foxy the pirate cove fox,"This game is already entirely fun even though theres only little in it currently it's just fun and judgeing by the kickstarter page goals it's goingto ve even more fun once 1.0 comes out it says ""expereance the downfall of the city"" from a wellie POV so it sounds like it'll act like Half-life 2 as well as Bioshock Infinite something is going to happen that will cause the downfall of all of Wellington Wells just like every game with a dystopian feel and i cant wait till the story is fully released"
,Recommended,320240,24736243,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Heather Fox,It can be a littel buggy when an update is rolled out but i love it.
,Recommended,320240,24736300,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rizzle,Know what you're getting into and it's pretty neat for the first few attempts. Looking forward to future polish and features.
76561198085994784,Recommended,320240,24707995,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Clockwork Knight,geat game keep up the work
,Not Recommended,320240,24550769,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TyrantDoom,"So I have been following this game for a couple years now. Very excited to finally play it. With that said, it is early access and is lacking in a few areas.My main issue is the lack of things to do/direction. I know the story isn't implemented yet, but the only drive that kept me playing for four hours was my interest with the theme. There are small missions to complete but there is really no map marker that lets you keep track. All sorts of small things we take for granted in games are lacking in this one.Again, it is early access and it is NOT complete, so all of this is expected.With that said I wouldn't recommend the game in it's current state, but I can see this game being great upon completion. Despite it's issues, if you have the money, give it a try for yourself."
76561198120927043,Recommended,320240,24589376,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Temmie,This Game is a Dream come true if you love Orwellian Dystopia. Now this game IS in early access so it is missing some features(most notably a story). I HIGHLY recommend this game.
76561198111951805,Recommended,320240,24589416,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Asclepius,Dont listen to the other reviews giving this game a bad review.  This is a well pollished game for being in alpha.  The gameplay is dynamic and is a good mix of a survival with a dystopian flavor.  The game has a fun pogression for both accessing areas of the map and the crafting.  You always feel the need to keep going and the urge to search that last house.
76561198008754067,Recommended,320240,25058984,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Des,"Very entertaining, awesome graphic artwork and nice story line. There are still many bugs and glitches but that's totally understandable.Wish it had more dialogue option with the npc for a nice ROLEPLAY instead of hearing the same thing over and over again. The mapping/pathing is very straightforward so hoping the Dev can make it more complicated (challenging). Hopefully making it rain as well since it's ""London"".I don't regret buying it though."
,Recommended,320240,25028061,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fen'Herald,"Loving it so far! The crafting system is great, the side quests need some work as they are still a bit bugged, but that's easily overlooked at this moment since the game is still in development. The quests are mostly challenging, and you really get the sense of resource scarcity once you're almost done exploring an area but haven't gotten what you need to move on with your quests yet.The backstory has me really curious, I'm eager to learn more about what went on and how it came to be that the entire population is doped up on happy pills, and who is pulling the strings."
,Recommended,320240,25043323,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Flash,"Fantastic Survival Game, Has some bioshock like looting system and art style. still early in development and very fun!"
76561198325784826,Recommended,320240,25045744,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,youngkade,Does anyone know why i try to play this game it black screens me everytime and doesnt get signal from my hdmi? its really annoying.
,Recommended,320240,25026144,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jaxjace,"♥♥♥♥ THE CONSTABLE COMING STRAIGHT FROM THE WELLINGTON UNDERGROUNDIn this game you can take happy pills, rob people, and beat their face in with criquet bats; at the same time.Not alot of story content besides that, i think the devs are going for a build your own story feel in this alpha, i think more is coming, its still a cool world to get high in and trip out on the vibe."
76561197993429739,Recommended,320240,24986953,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,HAZARD-bot,"Supposidly only 50% complete story wise (at the time of writing this review) and already a great game. Judging by my ability to survive, I'm quite sure the recent patch to make your hunger, thirst, etc. drain slower was very important. As is right now, the survival aspects feel like a constant threat, but aren't so harsh as to get in the way of progressing the story and main objectives. The devs are clearly listening to player feedback to good effect.A wonderfully challenging and atmospheric survival crafting game. I can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,320240,25002838,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Byster,"Beat up People for being happy, Beat up people being Sad, Beat up People for doing drugs, Beat up Cops because your different, Break in houses because well, gotta stay alive y'know? do some side missions, follow the story of what happen to your brother but the game is not yet completed so its best to follow what i did, beat up anyone because they have good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,320240,24975523,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,RainbowRookie,"I have been enjoying this game so much! But I have a couple of things that have come up. Since the update, everytime I sneak and am supsequently seen the NPCs start stuttering. Also I went to the 3rd dig location and cannot open the suitcase. But other than those little things I Love This GAME!"
76561198053281606,Recommended,320240,24976493,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ABigPatFenis,its ok not as good as i thought it would be
76561198284618243,Recommended,320240,24991179,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pretzel One,It.s Awesome
76561198058853215,Recommended,320240,24968548,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,L0z,Cool concept
76561198149416322,Recommended,320240,24965764,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,☁ fυяяу fαggσт ☁,"I love this game. The only thing i can critique is the laggy gameplay, other than that out standing game!"
76561198079391413,Recommended,320240,24962487,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Coolguy33,"This is a really cool game that I would recommend, but its important to understand that right now their stilll working on a lot of content and story, so for some it may not be worth the price quite yet. But otherwise its a fantastic game especially if you're into survival games as it offers a unique experience compared to the other hundreds of strategy games."
76561198169277230,Recommended,320240,24963119,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ziglet,"I think it's shaping up really well. It's Bioshock/Dishonored-type physics and thematically you get a slight A Clockwork Orange vibe, a Huxleyian Brave New World vision (joy pills = soma). Smooth controls, ear-catching dialogue snippets, solid crafting system and very stylish visuals."
76561198060076497,Recommended,320240,24559888,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SinisterChill,even though its early access i think the game is solid. with weekly updates and a singleplayer story coming soon i cant help but be hype. most early access games dont even promies updates.
76561198081149997,Recommended,320240,24573827,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,MenstrualPanda,"This game isnt ready yet but once it is then the £22.99 could be a bargain as im enjoying how hard the game is.There is so much potential for this game and so much right already so trying not to be picky but just being honest as its still early access.*The game itself is beautifully sinister in the way it plays and looks*The Devs have been honest and completely vocal with updates to the game so i have faith in its evolution into the game everyone wants it to be*Eventually there is going to be at least 3 character stories ingame which means at least 3 playthroughs even if you dont go back to the game (I personally feel i will due to the randomised worlds)*Homeless Person Simulator, get insulted by everyone and judged without them knowing you, scavange through bins/ people's house'sTHINGS I WANT TO CHANGE*The repetitive dialogue of the NPCs as theres only so many times you can hear ""spare some V-Meat? im eating for 2 you know"" and ""excuse me young man i pay my taxes and i demand to come through""*Broken quests and their markers not showing up to direct you on side quests on where to go*The map not allowing you to highlight POI*Balancing of Thirst/Hunger meters as alot of the time you find yourself just finding food,water or needing to sleep every 2 minsAs much as its still pretty unpolished for a game announced on March 2015 i ask people to be patient and just enjoy the game.Buy it now and save yourself some money in the long run :)Now♥♥♥♥♥♥off back to the gardens you Downer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,320240,24580666,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Big Hooch,It is unfinished but all in all I think it could win alot of rewards. I love this game!
76561198104349408,Recommended,320240,24580885,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Solef9,I liked it I recorded some gameplay it might not be that good but it will show how the game ishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DZD7YIx5cs
,Recommended,320240,24579188,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Bryce92,"So far so good, I've really enjoyed the atmosphere of this game. It IS in Alpha right now so you should know what to expect.I REALLY love the rogue-like blend this game has. Every step needs to be planned fairly well or you will die quickly and (if you enable it) will have to start over, adding tons of tension and fun to the game.Imagine Bioshock + 7 Days To Die + Rogue = We Happy Few!"
,Not Recommended,320240,24554600,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Choubichi,"We Happy few is a very unique and beautiful game which had a ton of potential and still does, but as it stands it's only in early access and I do not recomend the game. It is full of game breaking bugs and the gameplay gets quite boring after a while. Also there is too much grinding involved to get items and progress in the story. I would recomend you to wait for the full release of the game."
,Recommended,320240,24577683,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,RuneZ,"Honestly it took me a while to figure out how I felt about this game. Its got a ton of potential but in its current state I'd avoid it, $30 is a lot for what it has to offer. Hopefully the devs start to focus on building up the mechanics and giving the player more to do than just running around trying to figure out how to get to the next area. The biggest thing I find annoying about this game is that it feels like you are alone in the world, there are people all around you but no matter who you run into they aren't your friends, sooner or later they will attack you. I'd like it if they actually added some characters that could be like an ally to the player, help them gain intel and figure things out along the way. I think that would make for a way better experience.I'm going to recommend this game not to tell you to buy it but because it has so much going for it and I hope that Compulsion will read these reviews and try to use them to build apon the format they've layed out and not make this another boring survival game with no real character."
,Not Recommended,320240,24577690,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Assisting,"Intriguing game world, nifty aesthetics, fairly solid for an early access title... But after nearly two hours I just straight up wasn't having fun. Endless fetch-quests, looting samey rooms in the hopes of finding Random_Item_A for EncounterNPC_#7, and the aggressive survival mechanics that keep bringing things to a screeching halt...I want to like this game, very much so, but I'm going to wait until it is far closer to completion before giving it another go."
76561198310680961,Recommended,320240,24579000,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Humming,Even in the early stages this game is fantastic! Very origional idea with great promise.
,Recommended,320240,24568534,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,nreli,"Overal, I like this game. It's definitely more for experienced players who are familiar with survival games. The mechanics of the game are pretty unique, and I am excited to see how the game grows throughout development; however, it is an alpha and definitely plays as such. There have been quiet a few times where missions are not able to be completed for whatever reason. Another time, I got trapped between two doors and couldn't get out; ultimately, I had to make a new character and start over.I recommend this game if you are experienced, patient, and don't mind playing alpha versions of games. Personally, I enjoy the alpha process, but don't buy the alpha if you are not interested in playing a game that still has quiet a few kinks. Otherwise, I definitely recommend checking the game out."
,Recommended,320240,24568548,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chilson,"i give this a tepid recomendation. its the idea behind this is really cool, has great atmosphere, suprisingly good voice acting and all the building blocks to make this a great game.the problem is that there are some major balance, combat, and AI issues. while all of these can be easily fixed in later patches, my main problem is the way sleep, hunger and thirst meters decrease way to fast. its annoying as all hell to manage all these meters when the inventory/crafting UI is super barebones. sleep is especially a problem as the game forces you to go to bed way to often, which honestly reduces most if not all of your resource/quest runs to a 5-10 minute time limit until you have to go to sleep (and that counts running back to your bed/finding an open bed).i hate having to come back when i have just gotten into a quest chain going or found a house to loot, just completely kills the momentum and pacing for me."
76561198175905214,Recommended,320240,25085073,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sir Assbandito,I really like the story and all the side quest in we happy few.
76561198144221363,Recommended,320240,25084738,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,jesseravelo21,Having a good time playing this game. Having a couple of hiccups that im not sure? if other ppl are having them but for example. once i leave my hideout (start game) i cant go back in unless I go to the main menu and load up the continue. Im loving the game so far though and i would recommend anyone to get it :D
,Recommended,320240,25080304,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ItsCoryThomas,"It's stil learly-access, so with knowledge that there's still plenty to come, I would definitely reccomend buying the game asap (nothing better than watching a game grow in my opinion)The game is definitely beyond fun to play, and there's a surprising amount of content already in the game that make each playthrough just different enough to keep motivation. There are a few things that throw me off here and there, but nothing that can't be fixed in due time.I also have a full video review athttps://youtu.be/46Muv8E_dksand written review athttp://itscorythomas.com/blog/2016/8/20/consider-this-we-happy-few-review."
,Recommended,320240,25105662,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SKR SKRRRR,Started a bit slow but as the game progressed you truly get a feel for how awesome and dark the concept is. Cant wait for updates so i can play more of it.
76561198137082574,Not Recommended,320240,24626994,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,zombieminer69,So after my review on here I received some comments. I have played the game and it is amazing. I really enjoyed the game and I wasn't able to play it on a PCs. There are glitches and minor bugs that I saw. The characters are very similar to each other and their fraise where repetitive. Other than that this game has become more interesting each time played tho a bit difficult
76561198024220039,Recommended,320240,24562304,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Levideous,"If you bought this game cause it looks ""BioShock-y"" Then you are an idiot. Its a Adventure/Survival game. As an Early Access game; Its great. The Days seem a little too short and There really is no difficulty in combat at the moment. If You Want help progressing through the story...... Well good luck... Its early access anyways! Good game with amazing potential. People will get very upset if they want the ""Bioshock type gameplay.... Because its gonna disapoint to the fullest."
76561198057713738,Recommended,320240,24562305,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dogu,"Simply awesome.It is a very fun game that both has a good story(considering the base of the story as I play this on the second day and no more than the prologoue is established as of now story wise) and fun gameplay that combines stealth, action(combat even though it is not necessary and not favourable) and survival elements.Even at this early date I already played this for 8 hours and I really recommend it to anyone that looks for the elements I listed above.That being said It also has its downs. Here are some:- Generally buggy full of weird physics glitches. Clipping through walls and ragdolls that go to space are plentyfull.- No way to track or manage your quest so you don't know which quest is which in a map that is full of quest markers.- Quests are not very descriptive about what you need to do and most quests don't even have a marker on the map that tells you where that unique item is located on the map so you usually just end up walkin all the areas hoping that you would simply stumble onto something.- Inventory management and how taking loot directly from containers treat your inventory space that you need to stop for 2 minutes every 15 minutes to make sure everything is symmetrical and causes you to have as much space as possible.Even though these sound like a lot this game is just in alpha and they are open for feedback so I think this has the potential to be an even greater game that at some point would have all these irritating downsides polished and patched.P.S. Sorry if I made spelling or grammar mistakes."
76561197960709662,Not Recommended,320240,24562318,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,oneofm4ny,Can't recommend this game in its current state. Sorry.The core gameplay loop just isn't there yet. The actual game isn't anything like the trailers. After a brief intro you are thrown into randomly generated world where it's easy to get lost since all houses are placed on a grid and while everything looks beautiful it also looks the same. Uncle Jack or the lore aren't present in the game world. This plays like any of the survival games with crafting. Days are over way to quickly and there isn't really anything to explore. Most houses are closed. You need to do a quest to find rocks. I kid you not.This could turn into something great or not. To risky right now. Stay away.
,Recommended,320240,24562332,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ugly Goblin,"Not what I expected, but i'm still pleasantly surprised with what I recieved.From a first glance; I hadn't read up on much of the game before hand. I saw the trailer. That's all. I didn't even know what kind of game it was, so I natually assumed it would be more closely related to bioshock style of game, not so much survival. After playing through the game multiple times and getting relatively ""far"", I enjoyed the puzzles and ""quests"" you have to go on in order to progress in the game, and the style which the developers chose to take the game. Of course, theres glitches like items vanishing, choppy game play, the quests not registering and saying you didn't do it, but that's expected with all alpha/beta games.If you don't like survival games, I wouldn't reccomend it. If you do like survival games, try it out! The open world exploration and tasks are challenging, yet fun, and the in-game laws and NPCs are entertaining to say the least(especially if you're a fan of dystopian styled games). I'm excited to see the final product and the other main characters that the developers put in."
,Recommended,320240,24561715,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dex,"Pros:Characterisation (what we have of it so far, anyway)SurvivalSandboxAesthetic & ThemeGraphics (Night time looks great)Cons:It ain't finished yet."
34200224201688735,Recommended,320240,24563277,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,tinyrick,this game is very good. I enjoy the 60's feel of the game and they had made it perfectly. If you like survival and dystopia then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,320240,24565093,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,skabb,"Kinda weird recommending a game in early access that doesn't have the main motivation for playing it in place (The story). But after tinkering about for a little over an hour, I had fun but realized I was about to spoil the game for myself.I'm gonna lay this to rest and wait for full release, in the meantime I recommend supporting this by buying and (if you're not afraid of spoiling) testing, cause the idea and the foundation is rock solid."
76561198089414627,Recommended,320240,24595806,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,AyeNaeBother,"The game is amazing but there is so much works needs to be in there. like the end i got there and it said "" congrats your not dead"" so there obvs going to be something else for the ending but still looking forword what comes in the near future. i know that people get stuck near the end where they are trying to get the code but its easy but i dont want to say anything cause that will ruin the game for you so just try and fine it."
76561198116007185,Recommended,320240,24597488,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,michaelburke899,"This game has a lot of potential! I love the creepy atmosphere (similar to bioshock), as i am also a big fan of survival games. Throughout the game you have to survive by finding food, water and beds to rest in, combined with crafting items to complete quest to get further in the game. The game is very original and creative, but it has a lot of bugs which is extremely annoying since i have had to restart the game several of times to be able to do important quest to be able to move forward in the game. I recommend the game, but i hope for an update in the future that takes care of all the bugs."
,Recommended,320240,24549078,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,reallybaked,"**EDIT** after the dev comment I've decided to switch this to a positive review.. I don't want anyone to be ""penalized"" because of my impressions in the apparently too short amount of time I put into this game however my thoughts and feelings remain the sameI saw this game for the first time at E3 this year.... Keep in mind this review is 100% personal opinion.Play through the first 5-10 minutes of the game which was shown in the E3 trailer... really get that Bioshock interesting story adventure game vibe.  Fast forward a few minutes and I realize this is just another very early access, limited in content survival / crafting game.If that  kind of thing is your cup of tea you may find some enjoyment here but personally I'm SO burnt out on that whole gameplay loop I just couldn't get into it.  I have only myself to blame for expecting this game to be something it is clearly not.  I'll be sure to re visit when the game leaves early access to see if I feel the same way"
,Recommended,320240,24639253,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mamba,"Loads of fun so far, screams of potential. Needs a good bit of polishing and refined content, but I can tell I'll really enjoy this game once it's complete."
,Recommended,320240,24638501,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,DraughtVader,"I am enjoying We Happy Few, it's just not quite there yet, so be prepared for that"
,Recommended,320240,24592812,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Wojtek,"I fairly recommend this game with all its assets, but if you are only here for the E3 trailer and haven't seen the survival gameplay then don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about a refund or how they are lying. This IS an Early access game it is only 50% complete, the story will be implemented in v1.0  and if you would like a dystopian survival game with quests then this is the game for you.Negative reviews> haven't seen any gameplay"
76561198289577148,Recommended,320240,24600240,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Randy Ray Randerson,Fun so far kinda buggy cant wait for the story to come out
76561198131089733,Recommended,320240,24544823,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr.luteceo,Its simple. The game is in early access and you will encounter some technical issues. There are alot of things that will be fixed in due time until the inital release and the team behind it is awesome. Check the latest updates that are coming. Now should you buy it the game for an early access this is very good. If you are willing to help the team complete the game is worth it if you want to wait for the final version then wait. The price is good since you ll pay as 3 characters and each one with different story plus all the things coming!
,Recommended,320240,24631986,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mister Grace,"I enjoy this game so far, Then again i feel that i'm the only one who took my joy while playing.Things will only get better, keep playing, find glitches, post on the forums / discussion threads. Actually help the devs. After all, that is what an Early Access Game is for.I feel that the game devs should go play Condemned (the first one). In a Dark room with 5.1 and alone. One sit down and play through, non stop. It should give you plenty of ideas on how to make combat a little better, the psychological horror better, and over all gameplay phenomenal. (Personally, Condemned > Fear.)"
,Recommended,320240,24673912,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,:smirk:,You can get high off of tap water.10/10 IGN
,Recommended,320240,24673783,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jaehaerys,This game is really fun and full of different quests for $30. Just wish my character wasn't dying after I loaded back in :(
,Recommended,320240,26766756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[W-G] IwasReloading,"Don't do drugs, kids!Unless it's in a video game. Then do drugs til you overdose.This is an early access review!I was going to write a long review but that would be boring to read. Anyway, what is up HappyNation I am your host killer IwasReloadingstar let's get rooooooooooight into the revieeew.First of all, I have overclocked my i5 3570 (non-k!) @4.20GHz and my GTX 970 (power limit 110, core clock +160, memory clock +400.)Pros:- Has a Bioshock vibe to it (at least for me)- Runs smooth and stable at 80fps on Ultra graphics with a resolution of 1920x1080- Very nice graphics- Game hasn't crashed, yet- Voice actors- Items in your stash are available in all of your stashes- Overdosing Joy makes you sick (Immersion!)- Procedural world- Haven't encountered any bugs yet, only bees- You can carry dead people and throw them anywhere you likeCons:- When you talk to random people you say things that make no sense- The fighting animations are a little bit 'meh' maybe Arthur has never been in a fight before- You get hungry, thirsty, and tired a little bit too fast- The inventory management can be a pain in the buttocks- Food can be difficult to find*Also in the revieeew;Once you catch the plauge you're done for. Unless you make some kind of cure. And there's no story yet (obviously.)Also when you open your inventory you can see Arthur standing on the right side and doing nothing. It would be nice if he changed suit as you equip another suit (for example Torn suit to Padded suit.)But is it worth 30 buckaroos? I would say it is, but that's my opinion so I'll leave it up to you.*I almost died from starvation but managed to survive by killing random people, looting them and eating their rotten apples and carrots.. Too bad I got sick after that. Yay! So if you're ever starving to death, just go around and kill some innocent, poor people. Some of them have some delicious rotten food. Mmm yummy.I know I said that this review was going to be short but these Joy pills make you a completely different person.I rate this game 10 out of 10 Joy pills.10/10 would overdose again.sorry for this cringey review"
,Recommended,320240,26814399,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KennyT,"Love the game enviroment and background story, the gameplay is pretty fun too."
,Recommended,320240,26735843,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Fiendstomper62,"Great work, so far. The world is beautiful, both on the Joy, and off the Joy. Even though there are bugs, there aren't enough to make the game unplayable, and I would go so far as to call the little bugs I do find,  ""hardly noticeable"".  Hopefully, in future updates they will flesh out the narratives a little more, and while I understand ""Happy is the Nation that has no past"", a backstory that's a little easier to uncover without being spoonfed it would be nice. That being said, this is a great game already, even though it's still in Alpha. I'm sure the finished product will be one truly worth the money. Thanks Compulsion, for not being like Hello Games."
76561198139096076,Recommended,320240,26889514,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DSD1607,"i PLAY EACH TIME, NEW EXPERIENCE. i CONSTANTLY GET FLOGGED BY PEOPLE WHO EITHER HATE THE WORLD OR BY WELLIES WHO i  STEAL FOOD FROM OR IF i DONT LOOK HAPPY. 10/10"
,Recommended,320240,26940410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MvP|Shinigami,This game has a lot of quest so far and I hope there are a lot more to come. The playstyle is very clean and the graphic are very well done. I am pleased with what I have got for the price I paid. I feel this is one of the best open world games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,320240,27504398,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McPunchins,An intense scoop of survival complete with a bit of insanity on top
76561198092402838,Recommended,320240,27388742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LilSestra,This game makes me happy on many levels and is just early access! I cannot wait for the completely polished version.
,Recommended,320240,27523387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Plum,One of the best survival/adventure game i've ever played with an epic atmosphere i've experinced never before.
76561198118724841,Recommended,320240,28565430,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ndalian,Very Good Consept! Definatelly a lot of potential!A lot to do still.My biggest consirn in the game was the story. It really wasnt clear what the story was. Especially at the beginning. Also it seemed that the main story was overflown with side stories that really didnt complement the main story. They really did nothimg for the main character. And ofcorse there are millions and millions of bugs. One of the main one that stood out for me was the NPC. They are very very dumb. So much so that you can bash them up and then say hello tothem and they will be ok with it. The ending also didnt make much sence to me. The crafting system was a bit confusing too.But none the less it was interesting to play. I hope when this game is complete it would be a muster piece. :)
,Recommended,320240,28507070,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Spercules,I liked the gameplay so far! 2 things i noticed 1) Some npc where sleeping near their beds on air and 2) i gave maxwell the pipe valve he gave me the key but i could not open the door and water kept leaking even with the valve reinstalled.Keep up the good work folks! 8/10 from my first experience
,Recommended,320240,27970793,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hàVóK,Great game! The more they finish the better it gets
76561198170678322,Recommended,320240,27572963,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BadManWill393,This game draws clear inspiration from the novel 1984. I love it! Winston simulator!
76561198121740214,Recommended,320240,27858506,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DustyDust,"day 03: found the yam cult on a hillend up trowing tear gaz grenade at tem, steal their holy scripture and the holy yamday ??: beat the alpha with the holy yam in ma pocket_________Atm work decently enough, some bugs of course but essentially in quest.We still have a large number of craft recipe, we will probably get more in the future, as for the chemical station & craft table. The alpha is not that hard (yet the alpha), just do not take too much joy.Always took me around 8hrs (3 games reset due to the main quest bug).I like the random generation of the game, each new game, u can have different sub quests, at the same time, some items are easier to find depending on the game, each game is a little different from the other, love it.Will play again with pleasure after some big update, huge hope for the final version.__________London Bridge is falling down♪Falling down, falling down♪London Bridge is falling down♫My fair lady♪thx to compultion games, i've that song in the head since i've play the game for the first timejoy/10 would have a song stuck in the head"
,Recommended,320240,27803853,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ProfSpaceMonkey,This Games is just different. The world they created is really interesting and weird (but in a good way). I'm pumped to see what the next big patch will bring.
,Recommended,320240,27744233,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stephaan,Great game.Great story.Great sandbox.Love the game so far can't wait till it is in its final build
76561198079521157,Recommended,320240,27601594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rats Rats Rats,This game gave me the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,320240,27566552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hybrida,"Despite the fact that the game is currently in early access (and as such has its bugs), I love it. The concept is unique and very well done."
76561198029123018,Recommended,320240,27723549,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SahilF1,"Excellent concept for the game and so far a very good creation of it. Feedback by devs is every Friday without fail. Check out News section for this game to see just how well this game is supported by the devs. Great fun to play and interesting quests. Story is fun from what little we get of it for now.Of course there are bugs, but Skyrim had broken quests and it was still great. December (upcoming) update has a major overhaul on the quests so fingers crossed.For early access, and with the devs need to improve their game and fix bugs, this game should be pretty damn awesome as a finished product. 10/10 recommended."
76561198038783346,Recommended,320240,27866805,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MDManning91,"This game has a bright future ahead of it. It pulls you into its atmosphere and makes you want to play more. Needs a little work still but with constant updates from the developers, it is constantly getting a new facelift, no pun intended uncle jack!!!"
76561198069167876,Not Recommended,320240,24585419,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sir_Dale,As of now i have to say no i repurchased this game thinking 6 months was a long time to improve. yes some bugs were fixed but theres still really nothing to do. i know people are gonna hate on this review but its the truth. Not to mention the horrible fps i get on my mid-high end pc i just dont understand. Do not by this game until it gets out of EA if it ever does.
76561198053760989,Recommended,320240,31326937,Posted: 23 April,all,Pizza Man [95th.coA],One of the best early access games
,Recommended,320240,30790899,Posted: 28 March,all,That Blu Supernova(Vacation),The feeling when you're a criticin the middle of a crowd ofSuicide Squad fans.
,Recommended,320240,24563568,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DIΛMOND,The charachter of this game is fat? Because he eats every 3 minutes..
,Recommended,320240,25483353,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Rïck ⓢ,"Great developer support and a very fun and challenging game, had posted a negative review but despite that it's still great :)"
,Recommended,320240,31187072,Posted: 16 April,all,Brummbaer,"A Lovely Game for it .Love the British 60`s Setting, reminds me on the PC Game ""No one lives forever"" from the Year 2K.Its also enjoyable in the Early Access and make lots of Fun, more Fun from Update to Update.And I also must laugh, when I see Toycars or Cars with Sqare Wheels.... This Idea must be stolen from South Park  LOL ;)Can`t wait to Play the Final Version."
,Recommended,320240,31152221,Posted: 15 April,all,kelsi___,Love this game! 10/10 for me. Can't wait till 1.0 comes out!
,Recommended,320240,31150971,Posted: 15 April,all,unravel-,"great story, graphics, combat. but too many bugs for now"
76561198027117855,Recommended,320240,31151550,Posted: 15 April,all,Clint Eastwood,"This game is a lot of fun, I am thoroughly enjoying it now! I really like that they cater to different playstyles, as I personally prefer not to play with the hunger/thirst mechanism active (though I may in the future!). The game features a unique setting, clearly inspired by such great works as George Orwell's 1984. The ""joy"" pills add an interesting element to the story, as they play a big role in their society. The art style is unique and refreshing, and it creeps me out while consistently enticing me with it's beautiful scenics. There seems to be a nice variety of individuals that you encounter, ranging from poor folk, rich folk and crazy forest folk to constables, cultists and plague victims! There may be more, but those are among the variety I have encountered thus far.I would like to note that I previously didn't play this game much. I tried it back in early access, and the hunger/thirst mechanism was simply not balanced well at that point (this was early on, shortly after the initial Steam early access release). I am so very pleased to say that I was a fool for having not played this game again until now! It truly is well done, and now with the variety of playstyles and the DLCs it is shaping to be everything that I initially expected for the title. I held off from giving this game a negative review previously (long ago in super early access), and that is because I knew that it had such great potential. Now I can see that I was correct, this game is epic! So sit back and get ready to scavenge, my little Orwellian friends! Just watch out for the Fog at night, and be prepared for anything. It is a crazy world, and you will need to find a way to survive in a society that sustains you as much as it threatens you. Good luck out there!"
,Recommended,320240,29234070,Posted: 13 January,all,ShrekYoSelf,"Amazingly unique idea for a game. Set in drug run happy ridden England town. You must find a way to get out but don't let them realize you are a downer. Someone whom doesn't take there mecidine. Be careful, the happy are not few.Story:N/A at the moment. The story mode isn't complete yet.Rating: N/A currently.Graphics:Very interesting and unique look. Inspired by the 1960's, the idea of the future from that time and a dystopian society.Rating: 7/10Gameplay:It plays like you'd probably expect. You collect things in your inventory, you can craft and mix things, create new weapons etc. It also isn't just a run around and kill either, you must survive. Eat,drink and sleep or you will die.Rating: 6/10Current Overall:6/10It isn't amazing, yet. But it is still in early access remember that. It is shaping up to be one of my favorites if it continues the way it is going.Recommended for lovers of Elder Scrolls, Fallout and the like."
,Recommended,320240,24663600,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Apathetic,10/10 would wake up to uncle jack singing
76561198048386169,Recommended,320240,29265349,Posted: 14 January,all,Road Warrior,Very fun Game
,Recommended,320240,29324801,Posted: 17 January,all,AlternateEnding,"This is an amazing game and I can't wait for the full release.It currently lacks in story, but that's exactly what they will be adding in the full release.While the price is a tad bit high for the current play time, I'd absolutely reccommend it, and it's a must buy when on sale."
76561198058808800,Recommended,320240,24679535,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rhinobanga,"*this first part is old* If you easily get frustrated I wouldn't reccommend you to buy this game. Enemies are basically zombies and it feels you are fighting them with a plastic spoon(Breaks after 10 hits). Sure, the map is randomly generated, but it's the same houses all over. The idea is good but the execution is average at best. While you may say it's early-access, I will reply that this game is currently 30 USD....(august 2016)As of right now, this game got good, real good, its cool to finally see developpers listen to their players. Most of the issues stated above are pretty much solved! Back then, i was so frustrated because it didn't meet expectations. As of right now, i must recommend purchasing this game because it get better way better, and it's still in developperment. (April 2017)"
,Recommended,320240,29737172,Posted: 6 February,all,Draculascastle1,"Worth every penny, even in early access. I can't wait to see what the story will bring when it's out completely. As of January 2017 this game is only half way finished. Beautiful still the same."
,Recommended,320240,29719911,Posted: 5 February,all,pst007x,"An entertaining game with some nice touches, but story is a bit thin at the moment. My concern is that this game will not get finished, like most pre-release games on steam the devs lose interest once they have your cash....!I thought the game was completed, that is why I purchased it, my mistake!I would watch this one and buy when/if completed."
76561198082575304,Recommended,320240,24932634,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Corpral Eagle,Since The Clockwork Update We Happy Few has gotten alot better then it was back in 2016 in it's prehistoic year. And when the Maidenholm Update came We Happy Few got a whole lot better! If you want a game that's story riched and has a 60s feel and look We Happy Few is what you need.
76561198062452644,Recommended,320240,25169231,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jyggalag,"I broke in to someone's house and they caught  me, so i had no choice but to murder the entire famaily in self defense."
76561198065030216,Not Recommended,320240,33870614,Posted: 28 July,all,The Lur King,"I like this game, but that being said, I bought it at the original price of $29.99. That price made sense to me. The new price of $50.99 is NOT a good price for this game, I don't understand why it had to go up. I know I waited for a year for this game to go through all kinds of bugs and problems, the devs did good on fixing and updating the game. I got it this year in August, as I saw all the positive rewiews it was getting. It STILL has a long ways to go, but it was worth the price, and was worth waiting for. I feel bad for those like me who simply wanted to wait for the game to come out with more content and fixes for the poor optimization and bugs, and waited like I did and were probably still waiting, and now will get screwed with a 50 dollar price tag, all because they wanted to see the game improve before buying. Not cool to screw those people who believed in the devs to do their work, then purchase the game when it got better. I waited, had I not bought the game early, I feel I would have NEVER bought it at this price. I agree with all the negative review postings, this game isn't worth the $50.99 they want for it now, and it looks like the price will be higher still on release, it says the pre-order is %15 off. I recommend people wait for a steam sale and get it for the lower price, around $29.99, or lower still, to teach the devs and the publisher NOT to pull greedy stunts like this."
76561198133749345,Recommended,320240,25369814,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dr. Steez,"This game is 100% overpriced dont get me wrong, but it still is a fun game and im actually really excited for its full release."
76561198059843944,Not Recommended,320240,25090453,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,torchon chiffon carpette,"DURING EARLY ACCESS ALPHA :Not a bad game , but still not a good game for now , but that's awesome considering it's alpha.I just really hope it doesn't end up like all the other early accesses , but i got a good feeling about this oneEDIT : Now partners with gearbox ( Which i DO NOT trust at all ) , discussing dlc's before the game is actually finished , and a rise in price that goes over the topI HAD a good feeling about this one , but now it seems to go straight to hellWait and see , the game might end up good , so wait until it actually gets out to buy it ; right now things are too uncertain"
,Not Recommended,320240,34218768,Posted: 13 August,all,Jack The Ripper,"sadly i cannot recommend the game at this current state. This game is now 51$ for an indie title, in early access, with no story for 51$. Dont get me wrong, this is a good game, its just not worth the 51$ that the publisher is charging for it. I would wait untill they implement the story and see what people are thinking about it and only then consider buying it. This game, in my opinion, is worth 20$ max."
76561198019333163,Not Recommended,320240,24607100,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SeriousLogan,♥♥♥♥ tripple A
,Recommended,320240,24663490,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Memeoligist,"After the new update the game has so much content and this game is honestly so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun i love it, but it feels the game is quite RNG with bugs.. like you either grind for 9 hours to do all these side quests and stuff and then you do all these main quests and one is buggy, and your stuck you cant do anything, you try and use dev cheats to spawn back at your close safepoint but you legit cannot because your in a main quest, so you have to spend another entire 9 hours on grinding to get the perfect run.. so the bugs.. way too many bugs and the game isn't worth the $$ now but soon i HOPE they change the price..."
,Recommended,320240,26200213,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,HouseNoodleSoup,"I could recommend this game from day 1.  My buddy and I played it back and forth in the beginning and we had just as much fun watching as we did playing.  Then came the updates.  Each update added more complexity, more areas, too.  With The Technicolor Update, a lot of the final-stage fixes have been implemented, but with a new learning curve.  Not much of one, but everything is different now -- in the vast majority of ways, it's a positive change.  I'm still having trouble selecting thrown weapons with my controller, which sucks, because I love throwing glass bottles at unsuspecting victims.  I haven't done that in Technicolor yet.Anyway, let me take my Joy, and get into this review.Pros:>Stealth gameplay [sneak, climb through windows, crawl under beds, climb into showers, climb out of third story windows and land in front of a cop, then stand up and ""explain yourself"" to ""blend back in""];>Crafting [survival, outfits, tools, weapons, chemicals];>Inventory [inventory tabs: Essential materials, food/water + other consumable, weapons, crafting materials, clothing, and even a ""?"" tab for some good ""Compulsion"" measure];>Survival simulation [hunger, thirst, sleep, overall physical health, and intoxication level];>Drugs, alcohol, bludgeoning weapons, pointy weapons, bladed weapons (that cleaver, my ♥♥♥♥ing god), choke-holds, parkour, explorable homes for you to pry open windows on/pick locks of/burglarize/terrorize, good strong police to fight you, other various forms of debauchery fill your days and nights with this weird and warped game world];A town of individuals that you can slowly get to know, a town with a (big)back story!The take on 1960s culture and the use of drugs almost makes this game's ""supernatural"" elements more of a scifi than a fantasy title. The only gods are the developers of this game.  There is a higher social context to the world you're in.  The images, if you slow down and look, are meant to convey a lived in world.Comparisons to other games:First person, weapon-heavy, Unreal Engine game with a large virtual world and much violence, like Postal 2.  Drugs available are Joy (a kind of fully-aware maximum pleasure drug), histoplasma mushrooms (that make you hallucinate popping mushrooms everywhere you look), plash (a kind of movement-speed enhancing drug that you can make yourself), and some others I'm not going to ruin them all.The people all speak to you in responses to your actions, and the graphics (as with Guillaume Provost's, Contrast, which are very similar in style to Ken Levine's, Bioshock) are consistent and detailed, making it highly immersive like walking around in Grand Theft Auto.  Interactions with people are not dialogue based, but rather context based, lending more to how you can 'blend in' in Assassin's Creed.The stealth mechanics are similar to a cross between the physical based, Unreal Engine game, Styx: Master of Shadows, and the first person only perspective of Dishonored.The survival mechanics are Compulsion's take on hunger/thirst mechanics used in almost all survival modes of games.The lack of guns is reminiscent of Dead Island 1's beginning areas.  The melee weapons do not dismember, but they still look 'real' enough to pass as brutal, to me.I really like this game, so it's a clear bias that I have in my review, but that's why you read multiple reviews.  I like this game enough to provide a review.  I like a lot of games.  We Happy Few really ""does it"" for me.We happy few is great, but not perfect.Cons:Oh, now here we go.  The parts I don't like.  There are a LOT.  Where do I begin?  Oh, here's a good starter: THE GAME CLAIMS IT TAKES ME a little over 20 (twenty) MINUTES to (not walk, not jog.......) SPRINT 200 meters.  According to in-game time, I SPRINT at 8 (eight) meters per MINUTE.  WHAT... THE... ♥♥♥♥ ??????????????????????????   For a virtual world that is built so smartly, so intelligently, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THEY TRYING TO CONVEY???  Everyone I know doesn't like the speed of the game days.  But there it goes, minutes passing by like 1.5 seconds.  What the ♥♥♥♥, Compulsion Games?  EXPLAIN YOURSELVES! What is it that one NPC says to Arthur?  ""Facts don't change when you want them to!""....AHHH  ""NEEDS MUST WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES!""   I beg your pardon.Let me see here... where is it... where is it? Ah.. Here! *pops a Joy*Ahh.. Yes... Like that other NPC said, ""If the doors of perception were cleansed, we could see everything as it is!""Pros!Stealth gameplay;Crafting;Inventory;Survival simulation;Drugs, alcohol, bludgeoning weapons, pointy weapons, bladed weapons (that cleaver, my ♥♥♥♥ing god), choke-holds, parkour, explorable homes for you to pry open windows on/pick locks of/burglarize/terrorize, good strong police to fight you, other various forms of debauchery."
,Not Recommended,320240,24539124,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ANTFKBA™,50.99€?? dont get it its not worth that much.
76561198202150245,Not Recommended,320240,24678684,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ThreeFlames,The game changed alot i myself have been having a lot of bugs crashs with the game i drink water from the canteen and then the canteen gets ereasd from my inventry i also really like the updates also i think you guys should listen to what the fans are saying about gearbox the is probley a deep reason you choose for them to be your publishers and ya good luck with them bye rip we happy few 59.99
,Recommended,320240,26173052,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,naoaki,"Love this game, I'm always looking forward to their small updates. The entire team at Compulsion Games always replies in a timely manner whether it be on their own website or even twitter. For a small indie game company they are trying their best to keep us updated on the things they have been working on and have newly added into the world of Wellington Wells. Now to those of you complaining about the price mark up and saying the game is not worth it in its current condition clearly have not read all of the notifications posted all over their page. I understand you must be bored playing as Arthur (although I find that had to believe because his character is so very interesting) they have stated time and time again that this is not the final, it does not include the other characters and it does not have an island they are mentioning exists in the final. I repeat once again this is not the final. The final will be released April of 2018."
76561198147761432,Not Recommended,320240,24538594,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Human Garbage,Well this game has taken a turn for the worst by picking up a new publisher and bumping up the price the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥for someting that is near to finished i really had hope for this but it seems like it is done for it is no way or deserving that big price that of 60 bucks its wasnt worth 30 really at the time but it came with hope that one day it would be but not its something i would steer clear from save you're money
,Recommended,320240,24581126,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CaptainCheesePuff,Great game
,Recommended,320240,26735258,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Private,OKEH OKEH the price changed and like it costs50freakingdollarsWhich is not worth it as of right now.(And 50.99 such a weird number like tf)But I can say it will be worth it when the game fully releasesI played this game a while ago with tons of bugs and stuff and I really enjoyed it even tho it was broken and didnt work right lol.
,Recommended,320240,33812411,Posted: 26 July,all,Viporion,"Ignore the negative rating!The game is amazing and keeps getting better and better.Most nagitives right now is because they teamed up with gearbox, as if that changed the game.And that the price went up. They warned people about this 12 days in advance!When you go retail there are rules you need to follow. And they hired more people to help out with finishing the game.Reviews should be about the game. Not to whine about who teamed up with who.The game is amazing!Each time you play a new world is created so each time you play your playing a whole new game.Store your hoard in the pneumatics and craft your much needed healing balms on the go.Collect each and every glass bottle and metal bit there is.Confuse Wellies and help them out, or make their worst dreams come true as you turn them into downers.Walk in a world where taking drugs is normal and watch the problems that arrive.Just make sure you turn to bed at night so you don't annoy the bobbies or get cleaned up by the jubilators.Don't be a downer! Good Wellies play this game.You are a good Wellie, arn't you?And don't forget to tune in next time for Uncle Jack's stories. Find out what an apple and a downer have in common. Fall asleep listening to the tale of little red riding hood. Or join in for a game of Simon says."
,Recommended,320240,24568347,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SpoonsOfFury,If people actually paid attention they would know that the devs have been saying the price was gonna go up since it came out.
76561198093913293,Recommended,320240,24546036,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,hawkhill,"Alright, I know there are a LOT of people who say that this game is not worth the price. And, I WILL agree that it IS overpriced....right NOW.Is the game perfect? No. There are still a LOT of things to work out. But, that's what early acess is for.Has the game become garbage after Gearbox, like many people are complaining about? NO. There are a LOT of REALLY cool and unique things about this game, and there is MUCH more to come!- LOVELY art direct.- Procedural generated worlds.- Lots of crafting, with some creative items to make.- Atmosperic music.- Cool and unique drug mechanic.- And while not very cinematic of a story as people hoped, there are LOTs of side quests with some cool events.And We're just playing the story of one of three characters to soon choose from!Because of this, and how much more will be added, I expect that, if we give the developers PROPER feedback and not just rants about the price, that we can make it WORTH the price by the official launch!I've been following Compulsion games for YEARS, now. And to see them go SOO FAR with this game is really pleasing me.ESPECIALLY with all the hard work, dedication, and attention they give to their community!That's why a price raise didn't seem too bad to me, since they do deserve more support. Although yes, $50 IS much.Even with the collectors edition and season pass, they've well explain what it's all about, and how it won't prevent them from making sure the final version of the game reaches its full potential BEFORE any thoughts for the dlc.In the end, I don't think Gearbox was a bad thing. The price is CURRENTLY a bit much, but, the quality of this game is VERY promising in a LOT of ways!"
,Not Recommended,320240,28279359,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,一些中国名字,"Great game, really good, just the price. thanks, gearbox."
